Banana Republic baby only in Miami. What's going on?
What's going on? Doing tonight. And who are mine? What's in that? That's why
inquiring minds read the Miami hero. Is Maurice Fere really having sex with an alien from outer space?
Is Paul the hero? Is Paul the hawk and the true mother of the elephant man?
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry? It's in the hero.
Is Jim Baker about to get birth as Gary Paul Vell's baby? It's in the hero.
Sex, sex, sex, more. Hots, sex, oh it's in the house.
Husk, Gary hearts amazing rights, diet from Florida. Acrossward puzzle that has no answer.
Our own Pulitzer prize is just for us. I've got some love letters to Neil Rogers.
And we're so sorry Uncle Albert but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day.
Mindless, bably rhetoric. It's all in the latest issue of the Miami Harrowed.
Available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And where final manure is spread.
Thank you, Blake. Hey I got good news for you. The hero is starting tomorrow.
They're going to be publishing all the dishes only in Espanol.
That's the great news.
And it's about time for what a bunch of assholes in this town.
You know what? Man, I can't get out of here soon enough.
The pandering that goes on, I've always said they've got a full-time staff of
carer-practors over there to the hill because they're bending over back with so bad pandering
to people who hate them who won't read their newspaper anyway.
We'll get to it. Front page of their paper today they got to surround the front page.
A story that nobody who speaks English gives a crap about.
Nobody. But don't confuse them with the facts.
Just like don't confuse Tom Jickel with the facts.
Nice to see that Tom's got another generic story about some network TV show
that he's critiquing again. See if you're in Geneva, New York.
If you're in Shibuya, Wisconsin. If you're in Sacramento, California.
If you're in El Paso, Texas, it doesn't make any difference because anybody can write those
stories. You know what I'm saying? It's all the same networks.
Right? So he could be doing a show from Amsterdam or Uranus or the Milky Way or wherever it would
make any difference because it's all the same crap. There's nothing local or there's nothing
about what's happening in local TV and certainly nothing about what's happening in local radio.
And the Sunsettinal did discover that the micrenary passed away, which I don't want to spend
any more time on that. We, and thanks for a lot of good calls we had yesterday.
It showed a little bit of respect anyway. But it's on the Obituary page, not written by Tom Jickel,
but Peter Bernard. And it's pretty much with a little picture. I'll say that much,
but pretty much the same thing the Herald had yesterday would like one sentence at it.
So I get the feeling that they just stole the story right straight out of the Herald and,
you know, put one other thing in there. It's just amazing. The crap, and I don't know why I'm amazed
because I shouldn't be. At least this town, if nothing else is consistent, much of Bush
league is continuing to do Bush league work. Here's the poll result from yesterday, which goes to
show you that there's a tremendous interest in WXDJ, which is that front page story in a Herald.
They got a vote. Out of 914 votes, we asked what's the best FM station in South Florida?
914 votes, 515 said they all suck. 56.3% of you said they all suck.
Absolutely correct.
Is my analization of your response? You're right. That's what I voted. They all suck with the
capital S. WLRN, pubic radio got number one with 83 votes with our intellectual crowd out there.
What are you smoking about? We got intellectual trained monkeys, man. Listen, listen, what's in the
while. And by the way, Clare, don't come in here asking me any questions about like stuff that
has to do with what's on preceding the show. We don't listen. If it were for Carlos's
spy report about that silly play by play crap, I wouldn't even know what he was talking about.
I got my music, baby. My music on CDs. You're smoking. I don't, in fact, I got in the car
this morning in the garage. Started up the engine to radio. It was on, of course, on 560 WQAM.
And the first thing I heard was about Kerry Collins played a great game on Sunday. And I popped
in the CD and that was the end of that. That's all I heard. So, Clare, I know you've been away for
quite a while and you were out there in Vegas hoping to get laid, which I'm sure you did not.
But, well, he never even made a comment about him in the beast bonding out there.
He says it was like going to be the next version of La Caja folds. Beast told me he got to see
Clare's ass. Did he really? Well, he said he would have seen his penis too because they were both
naked like getting, getting, getting changed in the room. He would have seen it but he said his
eyesight isn't that good. So, Clare, you're a good guy but just keep the checks coming and stick
with stuff you know about which has nothing to do with programming, okay? Because we are like,
in fact, you know something, this station is like a good reflection of this community. Remember
what I said before the show today? This town, the theme song for South Florida, for Dayton,
especially Dave County, but Dave and Broward now because it's everywhere, it's spreading like a
disease. The theme song ought to be two different worlds. Now, only unless you're an old fart, I
bet you'll both have Brian remembers that. Jane Morgan and Roger Williams at the piano,
tinkling away. Never Roger Williams with the big flourishes on the piano. Do you really?
I'm surprised. That was on Cap Records. And we were a captive audience when we were kids.
They could have known about a child's death. Cap Records, it was fast and nation, Jane Morgan.
She always seemed kind of ducky to me, although not confusing her with J.P. Morgan, who was a
like. Remember J.P. Morgan on the Gondenshow? Yeah. What is she? She was a member of the CIA too,
not just fucking Paris. So anyway, two different worlds ought to be the theme because there's
like this front page thing in a hero today, we got, we've got, unlike any other city that I've
ever seen, like Termano is a good example, I live there part of the year. And there are certainly
much more diverse ethnic populations in Termano than there ever will be here.
Enormous numbers of people from Pakistan and India and China and you name it all over the world.
I mean, enormous numbers of them. Not too many sticks though thankfully, but nevertheless.
No, really there aren't. There's like, you know, little, little Havana, little
spick or whatever you would call it, is like about a half a block out on Blur Street.
We're not there all here. That's true. I never thought about that.
That's why we don't have any Chinese people here. They're all in the LA Vancouver and Toronto.
That's why we got about 15 Chinese people here. Unfortunately, we got all you, well,
two different worlds and the same thing on this radio station. We've got whatever's going on
here before nine and then we have, uh, end up, whatever is going on after one and then us.
That's exactly how this radio station operates and then us.
Little disappointed yesterday, my close personal friend, the mad dog. I would have thought
we'd loaned him that cart which I'm sure that they couldn't play because they don't have a cart machine.
But you would think that a guy that worked, didn't he work with Renéry for many years over there?
Yes. We would have had a little bit more to say than a very tasteless comment about
he and I both thought that Mike was older than 60. I thought that was a little weak, mad dog.
But then we got to get to those ball games, baby. Let's get to the ball games.
Jimbo, what are we going to do? Jimbo, what are we going to do? Aren't we cursed to be here
with these choking dogs? Oh, and you'll be very pleased to know. Both papers played up big time
after all the crocodile tears that are being shed yesterday about poor, uh, McGayhy.
Willis McGayhy had a $2.5 million insurance policy. So worse comes the worst and is knee that they
just operated on. Doesn't get fixed up enough for him to go and play in the NFL. He's got $2.5 million
insurance there which is not nearly what he'd make in the NFL. He'd make more than that each year
for many years. You'd hope. He'd hope. But at any rate, at least 2.5 million, we should probably
soothe some people's history out there. Calm down a little bit. 914 votes at least when I stop
taking a pool. Oh, look at this. Well, I don't we don't have time. Well, you know, as soon as the
prom like about 8 o'clock on when these people wake up, then they start logging out at neorodgers.com
and they're voting like crazy. You can log on by the way. We've got a lot of good bedtime stories
on there today. We also have that book, Blinded by the Right. David Brock. Lots of good stuff on
there at neorodgers.com. You might want to check it out. Okay, the price is right. If you have a
computer and hopefully your computer works faster than most of the ones that we have, they all suck
515 WLRN 83. And then when we get to the music stations and I use that term music very loosely,
WBGG 59. Now see, it's hard to really determine what that means because, you know, Howard's on
in the morning on big and other than that, they play crappy what they call classic rock the rest of
the day. But so we don't really know. I'm sure that Howard must have some impact, the real Howard.
Zeta 56. So classic rock has got like numbers one and two as far as music's concerned. Magic.
Ricky Tiki called in yesterday. Thanks Rick. 53 votes for magic, which is shocking.
Must have a lot of people out there who like build me up buttercup by the foundations and the righteous
brothers. Seriously, I can't, well, don't even start. Stop me. Cut me off at the pass when I
start with it. Now I mean, see it's the shock of being actually back physically in this community,
which is not a good thing. It's a bad thing. I think the show is a lot better when I'm not here
because at least my mind is clear. My whole, I'm dealing with a life of clarity as opposed to
being here and like, all muddled by the crap that goes on around you here. You're certainly perky
here when you're up there. Am I really? Oh, yeah, bubbly. Affervescent. What the hell does that mean?
I thought I'm pretty perky right here. Chipper. No, you're all pissy when you're in the
hospital. Oh, that's why they like it. Kiss had 28 votes. Kiss this. No. WEDR had 20.
That's surprising to me. 20 because it's only a bunch of punks, not just the shards is by the way.
What? How old do you think is like the limit for EDR? The upper limit. 25? Sure. EDR had 20.
Life had 17. Oh, I love life. WLYF. Put you in a coma. Make you feel right at home in South Florida. Life.
What else? Power had 15. RMS had 15. Love had 15. WPY and Party Radio had 13. That is a shocker.
I guess a lot of people out there like Sanfrey Duo a lot. WHYY108, WMIB men in black,
formerly Smegmo, formerly Sheehead 4, also the coasthead 4, probably all from Mike Disney.
WHQT, Hothead 3, WAMR. See the spick factor on this station is like not
existing anymore. You chased him all away. Sorry. With your hostile attitude, with your turncoat,
you're at Uncle George is what you are. Is that what it is? You're at Uncle George's.
Hothead 3, WRAMR Radio, Amor Head 2, WXDJ made the front page of the Herald and able the big
story which we'll talk about. You assholes at the Herald. God, do I hate them? Yes?
XDJ had one, Radio Romance, WCMQ had one, and Radio Ritmo had one.
Although, you know, stop and think about it. Just because there's a bunch of spicks out there
doesn't mean that they think that those are the best FM stations. There you go. See the, huh?
In addition to which most of those FM slushy music stations like that's the female audience. We don't
have many women to begin with, but we certainly don't have many women Hulio. Hulio. Yes.
The Wichiku. No, they're all Huchiku. It's 11 past nights. So there's the results of yesterday's
very important poll. They'll give you the new poll momentarily about the Herald, of course.
The Herald just makes my blood curled. And I'll say this again no matter who the editor is,
the this one, that one doesn't make any difference over the years. They may like make a few
cosmetic changes, but at least they're consistent. They're consistently a pile of crap is what they are.
Pandering desperately and keep in mind that even the Sun Sentinel now publishes in Esponio
along. What is it Friday or Saturday and they also have one full-time radio writer who doesn't
write about radio English language radio, but about Spanish language radio.
And if your name ends with a Z, they keep throwing it on your front line. I see.
12 minutes past nine at five sixty WQYM. Happy Tuesday. We'll try to be a little perky
year here for you today. A little perky year for you. Have you ever been presented with an
opportunity when you should have could have would have done something but didn't do it? No.
Well there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at three point. I thought one
you got that contract and you didn't sign it. I thought that was an excellent example of this.
When you got that offer and then you said well I'd like a little bit more than that. Has anything
happened since then? No. Well there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at three point
four five percent. And this rate's available by calling financial group tool free at 1-800-94053-63.
If you were to compare a seven percent rate with three point forty five percent,
you'd save yourself three five hundred dollars in the first year alone for each hundred
thousand dollars that you owe. A hundred thousand is only four hundred and forty seven a month.
This is an opportunity that won't last. It's a forty year low. So if you're thinking about
refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group tool free 1-800-94053-63. The process is
simple and the call is free 1-800-940-LND financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands
of boroughs with the Fannie Mae program. Credit restrictions do apply and raise the subject
to change if you delay 5.34 APR. Call financial group today at 1-800-940-LEND.
Line and local. We're sports radio five sixty-seeing. We're two AM. They powered David's a bitch.
This fall CBS launches a CSI spin-off that resurrects the careers of a couple of former NYPD blue
actors to form a hot new show that's almost unique unto itself. Introducing NYPD CSI Blue Miami.
David Caruso plays a forensic investigator who pokes around his bodies even more dead than his
movie career. You know you never get used to looking at dead bodies like when I had to look at
Dennis Franz's bare butt. NYPD CSI Blue Miami with Kim Delaney as his top but vulnerable partner in
crime scene investigation. Every time I look at the corpse it reminds me when I lost my NYPD blue husband
Jimmy Smith. Oh my god. You pull it together honey. This is a new show. That's right in a new
town on a new network with all new stars. Well, sort of NYPD CSI Blue Miami Monday night sun CBS.
Hi Muff. It's a 916-boy dead door share shot real fast, didn't it? Well that's what happens when
he comes soldering in here in the middle of the show. We just can't stop the show just so you
know I can bond for like 30 seconds. I sweater by the way. Look how sloppy he's dressed in here today.
Look at Carlos. Look what a slob. He looks like what a sweatshirt. I got you better butch
up a little bit you guys. Okay, you better get the dress code improved your dress for success.
That's the motto here in 2003 at WQM. Thress for success. God damn it. Isn't it? No. No.
Okay, here's the new pool. Let's get this new pool up in a way. Let's not waste a lot of time
like we did yesterday. And I'll let you I'll make you understand momentarily because we have most
of our people in Broward and certainly all of the people in Palm Beach. They don't get the
hero they don't want to know from the hero and they get a lot of people in date as well.
I hate it even worse than I do. What's your take on the Miami Herald as our pool today? And I've got
five excellent choices. It's a great newspaper. It sucks. It panders so much it should be entirely
in Spanish. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida or there were a bunch of virulent
anti-semites. That's your five choices on the Miami Herald and their staff. Okay. What are you
smirking about? No, you always say that but I don't know where it comes from. It comes from the fact
that the night family were members of one of the exclusive clubs on the beach and were known as
notorious anti-semite. I see. And it's also known for the fact that as you look back over the years
and even currently the number of Jews working at the Miami Herald other than Bob Rubin in the
you notice you don't see Bob Rubin's column anymore since they discovered he was Jewish and my
good friend Howard Kleinberg Howard Howard had a contract with the Miami news I guess that he
was like factored in for life. So the editor was Jewish. The editor the Herald is Jewish or whoever
is someone of the Mucky Mucks. What does that mean? I don't know. That's like saying that
Alice Rand tells a fag. I mean so what is that true? I was going to say somebody else but I don't
know. It should be out there looking cum stains off dresses again. What's your take on the
Miami Herald is our poll question today? That's where the whole blue dress thing came from.
That's what I heard him carrying on with the and what's your name on Friday?
Colter. It's a great newspaper. It sucks. It panders so much. It should be entirely in Spanish
in Espanyol. It panders like I said. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida or there were
a bunch of virulent anti-semites. You've never heard that before? Yeah from you. Well what
did I handle you care? Okay in fact that's your problem. George Justice this side he's going to
subscribe to the Herald. Yeah but you say that about everything and everybody. No I do not.
You and the Herald that's you only who else have I said that about? Your mom. Is it anti-semit?
No I said she's anti-human. Subhuman. Spoil. Run my little dog. The poor guy's made it for 14
years plus now. Been doing pretty well accepting needed that cataract surgery but now we got another
problem to deal with after spending seven days with her alone in my house when everybody was on
vacation. Now the little dog won't eat dog food. Only people food. Goes to his bowl he looks at it
he turns up his nose and gives you look like fat like that like who the hell are you kid? Now where
is the better offer? Yeah that's right he's lost two pounds of course which wouldn't be a lot.
He's he's on unbalanced for life thanks to my mother. Bitch I told her very specifically only
feeding the stuff and he can't he won't eat a thing which is cold for I'm feeding him every
poly crap that I can find whatever I'm eating which is a lot. This is a woman who every week when
I go over there for lunch including today has got a big song to dance about how fat I am as she
sits there in a chair looking at me in my poop and I oh oh oh but shaking her head. Oh you know
in the meantime she's as big as a cow eating chocolate hand over her fist all the time.
Drink soda with sugar when it don't even make an attempted drink diet soda
with sugar when it because she don't like diet soda fat good genes that's her whole deal she's
got the good lucky genes oh and by the way they see it in the newsmeet of discovered that being fat
it takes years off your life. Want a discovery huh? Wow. Seriously you wonder why
America is so intellectually constipated it's kind of like a chicken in the egg thing you know
which came first but they sure are feeding it because that's what they perceive to be the the
mentality out there so they deal with the public like we're all a bunch of four-year-old kids.
Oh being fat cuts one year off your life and being extremely old bees can cut the ba ba ba ba ba
and smoking also does this no Schmidt huh? No kidding. Wow. What an educational bunch of
craft we get on our TV sets. No wonder I love my super digital cable up there to run
around where I get it really a bunch of stuff that I want to see. Man alive. Here's the facts
from DJ Valentine whoever the hell that is. Are we supposed to know who he is besides the
chronic facts are? No. Oh. It's not just facts. It says hey Neil you said you weren't listening
or I was not but uh Geldie said something could be a classic drop. He and Moe were play fighting
it says. Isn't that interesting little line? They were uh play fighting. Like slot fighting. Yeah
like a ass laughing. Moe said don't get testy and Geldie said I am a little testy. Then they're
pissed my pants. It was almost like they were giving it to you the drop that is love the show the
crow sucks DJ Valentine. Well thank you so much DJ whoever you are. I am a little testy. We'll have
to get that a little a little crack licker also Geldie crack licker. He likes to lick that brown crack.
Hey listen if it'll save his job. Well what are you now? What are you giving a look like that? That's
what it is. That's exactly what it is. Ten times a day since you got back. Because for your
benefits since you're either you're ass eating is your speciality as they say. And I know how
the Brits I guess say that's speciality. What what don't you miss that? You know something lately
I don't know what it is. But I can say like two words and I could just go off on it and do like
10 hours on it. God almighty. Let's take a call from because we got so much crap here. Here's
I've ever read and I've looked at cities like New York and Chicago and LA and Washington DC. Yeah
which have fabulous newspapers. I mean this is proof again that anybody who claims this is a
world-class city or a major market is going to be on acid. But I do have to defend the herald as
the better of the two. For the simple reason is just as you pointed out the story about Rinary which
I saw in yesterday's heralds. Right. Today almost works for words. That's not the first time
it happened. That's almost weekly at now you can see that in the center. You see Tom jick is too
much of a lazy little trip to be doing his work. Okay because he should have written that it
shouldn't be in the old bit page alone. It should also be there. There should be a thing in the
there's a front page story for a book. Well even if it's not. And the front page there could be
like a little verb like they often do and then see more inside in the living today section and
then the living today or whatever by the radio TV. That's where there ought to be a column. But
Tom jick is basically lazy when my former boss Dick Casper who was probably the radio genius of
them all in this market of all time when he passed away. Tom jick couldn't be bothered writing a
piece on him because well he might have had to do a little research because he wasn't here when
Dick was here so he didn't know anything about him. So instead of like talking to me or talking to
some other people in a radio business he just ignored it that's all lazy lazy lazy mother scratch
your Tom you make me sick. He's making up his letters for the weekend edition. Yeah that's right.
Keep it up I enjoy your show. Have a great day. Bye bye. Spited Tom jick. Yeah he really
frost my ass and I shouldn't take on him alone but the fact is here's a guy that pretends to be like
you know somebody that knows something you know besides how to belch on the air when he's a guest.
But all he does is write a generic stuff about the network shows when like I said if it was
disconnected if it was in Utica it could be the same stuff. That's nothing to do with here.
And he thinks I'm out of touch because I'm not here all the time. Touch this Tom okay go touch
your ball spot. Maybe we can get him a we can get him a trade-out for a line of those beautiful
pieces like moe wares you know we can go in for each day maybe they're putting new altitude on
that ball headed geek. He's probably too busy out there tearing up tickets at Gulf Stream is what
Tom's doing you know out there schmoozing with Hank and Eddie Kay and our sports are our
neat general gambling crowd. Sorry Hank. Oh Hank is in the studio they we have managed it
chulas and one. Hank is in the studio the Humper. They'll be in here from 3 to 7 and now that
football season is over look out. You know what I mean because now the poor Humper he's got four
solid hours in here he can't know Rob Conrad no net more than that it's all gone for many months
to come. So now he's going to have to put his nose to the grindstone and really do something in
there. Well now what are you smirking about? We love Hank. Of course I love it. No you're not
smiling you're giving that sarcastic you know. Seven and nine thirty now we got the Huracans
at West Virginia. I assume that's basketball since they're not playing football no more after
Friday and they're not playing hockey. So we have to assume let's say Huracan basketball game
at West Virginia. Eddie Kay after the basketball game in Jule Mark overnight I guess they're not
really that good this year the basketball team up. They did win in their new arena the other night
but I guess Carlos said they started they didn't say that they said they're mediocre.
This is this should this should make you feel very reassured.
I mean it's one thing about the clone story and by the way you'll be placing out that CN finally
is discovering that maybe just maybe they've been ahead that this whole clone aid thing the
Raylions it just might be a just might be a hoax. Wow boy you guys are sharp sure can't pull one
over on you. I think I'm going to call up the news editors at CNN and I'm going to tell my clone my
little dog. I've got ten timies. You could say that you cloned yourself and that is the clone is
the little dog. Speaking of Goliath by the way you know he reminds me of I was thinking after I read
that facts. He reminds me of like a Jewish John Holmes. Okay you see what I'm saying? Yeah in
other words an ugly guy with a huge penis. I mean that's it's just not very appealing. For the life
of me I never understood other than John Holmes should have been in a free show. What was the appeal
from him besides he had that huge penis. Very ugly. Oh yeah. Oh it's craters. Oh Galees. Well he
still did. Anyway here's that story FBI alert for five men reportedly based on a hoax. Oh no that
can't be another hoax kind of like our station here. The FBI's concluded the information that led
to the hunt for five men thought to have entered the US illegally on Christmas Eve was fabricated
by an informant ABC News report yesterday. Signing unnamed sources the report said the informant
identified as Michael John Hamm- Hamm- Hamm- Hamm Danny and Jimmy who was arrested in Canada made
up the story about 19 men who sought false passports and intent to get himself off the hook.
I'm criminal charges what he was facing in the US. Can you give me off the hook time for old time
sake. Can't do it. Pally. According to these story investigators originally got well it goes on
about it's crap and the FBI declined comment of course because they've got egg on their foot just
like the mass media. Here's all the pictures we saw a million times is 19 men. Here's five of them
beyond the lookout even even out president they remember down there in Crawford Texas was open
enough a big mouth and his pickup truck with his Texas 10 gallon hat and we want to find him we
want to talk to him we have no idea who they are well guess what it's all a bunch of crap.
It's all a pile of crap so rest at ease because your government's got everything under control.
928-560 WQM kick off the new year with a new mattress from Dalmatris give yourself a present for
your back and your body if you haven't been sleeping well lately nothing I'll have a bigger
impact on the way you feel every day than a good night's sleep. It's time for that new year's
resolution a great night's sleep every night tonight and the forever call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now
and Dalmatris will have you sleeping like a baby all year long. Dalmatris carries only no off-brands
only the top makers in the mattress business they got silly sir the Simmons King coil every size
and style and when you call 1-800-MAT-Tris you'll talk to an expert bed and consult or recommend
the perfect bed for you in your back not some shlump who's a phone operator they have exactly what
you want in stock ready deliver no phone sales no bait and swish like the department stores when
you order from Dalmatris they'll have it there when you want when it's convenient for you you
choose the date and time Dalmatris prides itself on their 99% on time record which is just one of the
many reasons why they're ranked first in the world for overall customer satisfaction so do what
Miguel is doing do what George did do what I'm doing sleep on a great new mattress from Dalmatris
and give you back like I said a gift for life enjoy the new year with that special somebody or
all by yourself or maybe with your little dog with a new mattress from Dalmatris call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
or maybe with the the beast like Josh did out there in Tempey they did tell me this morning
they slept in a king's eyes bed call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S that's 1-800-MAT-Tris for Dalmatris the
perfect way to start off the new year
Hi
and learn this is 4356
you
I'm gonna switch you.
Now let us over it's no big news for Lisa.
Just get keepin' mine.
Just get keepin' the matter.
I'm a lot good at toldin' you never should marry a plan.
I mean this guy's a complete white job man.
I mean the wealthy old grows his sideburns.
Or somebody else's clothes.
I mean it's all creepy.
Hell I'm dead and I know that.
But he's a white job actor.
A loser in his hand.
Went to Grace Fly and sit my underwear.
Came to visit, laid him up to.
Ran around, Lincoln in the jungle.
Rooin' for Lisa.
Just get keepin' mine.
I'm a lot good at toldin' you never should marry a plan.
And hell was out.
Hell was out.
934-560 W to QM.
Happy Tuesday to you.
You know it's interesting.
Remember Toys Draper was in here.
Our little bald head is far too rest off and running back.
Please that's a little.
And I asked him specifically because that spot's coming up next.
And he was like wild a lot of here.
He was gonna do this.
He was gonna do that.
I just, you just wait till we get to that spot.
Because this is like an act of defiance is almost what it is.
Not by the sales hole but by the client.
That's the best part.
Hey Troy over there at Balance for Life.
You know the food is delicious this time.
And I appreciate it very much.
But it'll be nice to get that menu to fill out.
Like everybody else does like we say in the spot.
That would be number one.
And it would also be nice if you'd make up your mind.
Is it Fat Boy or is it the Beast or is it both the Bodum?
Now you're not getting food anymore.
Nope.
Good.
You don't need it.
That's fun.
Quit snoring.
Quit snoring.
Quit snoring.
You're gonna muscle in on everybody else's freebies.
Okay.
Those poor bastards.
They don't get all the freebies like you do.
I was getting the freebies before they were.
And it's a damn good thing they don't get the freebies.
Because if those two guys were getting the free meals like we can all the time.
God only knows.
They'd need balance for walking.
Well, we got one of them already does.
Yeah.
Balance for getting out of the sack.
I still can't get over that ass.
It made Jennifer Lopez look like Miss Twiggy is what they've always did.
Oh, I just can't get over that ass.
Good.
That's right.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
What a gigantic ass.
46 votes on the poll already.
It just popped up there only moments ago.
What's your take on the Miami-Herald?
46 votes.
It's a great newspaper.
Zero.
I'm starting from the bottom.
It's a great newspaper.
Zero.
There were a bunch of virulent anti-Semites.
Five.
It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida and Yine.
It panders so much it should be entirely in Spanish's tide for first with its sucks.
16.
And the proof of the about that thing about pandering.
Now, if you disagree, I'll be more than happy to listen.
But I don't think there'll be too much disagreement, especially in this crowd.
W-X-D-J.
Okay, real fast.
Tell me where it is on the dial on the FM dial.
What's the frequency?
I don't know.
Talking to me.
Carlos.
So we got two spics in there.
They can't tell me where W-X-D-J is on the dial.
El Sol.
A Spanish language.
Solsas station.
I hear if you listen too much it gives you hemorrhoids.
A lot of paprika with those blue chips.
I don't like solsas of period to be honest with it gives you the green apple quick step.
Pull your like solsas of it.
98.3.
No, it's not.
Wrong.
He said.
That's what our engineer said.
Wrong.
Wrong.
95.7.
El Solsas.
Yeah, look how red his face is man.
Our engineer, our crack engineer I think too much crack.
You didn't hear where he said did you?
What do you say?
What do you say?
I had the mic open but.
What did he say?
He says he doesn't give up.
F?
Oh, essay.
When I say that small potatoes you think I thought maybe he said didn't even F you.
See?
So anyway 95.7 is where I'll WSD DJ which got one vote in our survey as today.
This is very timely.
Congratulations to Harold for being if nothing else very timely.
On the front page.
No caller ID.
Shavez falls for Castro print call.
And here's a picture of Enrique Santos co-host of El Vaselo and de la mañana.
On his practical joke on Hugo Shavez.
We still can't believe he what an ugly guy he is.
He makes me look lovely.
Hugo?
Yeah, you ever see him?
No.
You don't want to.
Man, what is it?
Talk about a pig face.
And then over the other side of this big article I continue on page 8 with a huge picture of
Venezuelan president Hugo Shavez on horseback.
He looks like a movie actor.
He's a really striking, he makes a striking presence, a Bella Figuera.
Huh?
And on the other side of the headline here is a picture of these two bozos, DJs Joe Ferrero
and Enrique Santos known for playing outrageous pranks on the year.
On a station that nobody who reads the Harold listens to.
That's the best part.
And about how they called up Venezuelan president Hugo Shavez.
They got him believe he was talking to Fidel Castro.
And did you get my letter?
And no, I did not.
And by, of course, I did, et cetera.
And this whole conversation allegedly went on.
And it did go on and then they hung up.
As Santos launched into a tirade terrorist animal murderer in a few choice four letter
nouns, you're finishing off the Venezuelan people and then hung up on them.
Now, you know, radio pranks, if it was like something major, something gigantic happened in the community,
I could understand maybe like a blurb about it on the front page with like the full story inside,
you know, in the radio and TV page.
Sex and a church or something like that.
Yeah, like something like that.
Which at least that was amusing as hell.
You know, those poor guys won't see them no more.
How was their name?
Brandon Stimpy.
But anyway, here's this thing on the front page of the hero.
And you won't stop doing it.
You don't understand.
And of course, see, this is, you know what's like?
It's like FPL in the Bell South.
What do they care?
They'll do whatever they want because they got them an apple anyway.
Right.
One newspaper in day, there's no more Miami news long since gone.
One newspaper in Broward.
And the Palm Beach Post for whatever it's worth, which isn't too awfully much.
And that's it.
That's it.
Take it or leave it.
But since they have a Spanish language version, why not make a big deal there?
Yeah, I'm sure they did.
And have some other news for other people on the...
You mean there is other news?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Besides, Ilzó95.7 and their morning show with a prank that they played a practical joke
that's so important it's on the front page of the hero.
A station that nobody who speaks English knows where to find out the dial or listens to
or gives a flying thing about.
But like I said, I can sit here and get all hysterical from Natalie at a time.
I'm not going to change anything in this town.
They got you by the balls if you want to read a newspaper.
Unless you want to go online and do a little bit of work, which is very easy if you have a computer.
And much, much more productive.
You'll notice that my bedtime stories during the days when I was heavy duty bedtime stories,
whatever stuff I got today, other than when it's a local thing like Mike Dying or whatever.
But other than that, 99% of it is not from the hero to the Sun Central.
Because what the hell have they got?
What is there to read in there? What have they got?
What is there?
How are you going to get your fingers all black with the computer?
That is true. It works very well.
Especially the hero. The ink smears like crazy.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We have two different worlds in South Florida, ladies and gentlemen.
One of the reasons, in spite of all their history and all of their angst,
one of the reasons that we have this tremendous split, this ethnic split that exists in this community,
is because of assholes like the people who published the Miami Hero.
Who continue pandering and pandering and pandering to people who refuse to participate in the rest of our world,
who are militant about it.
Yeah, that's right. You should see the look to your...
Ah, like that. That's right. That's exactly the look and the sound.
Militant. And they encourage it and then they turn around on the editorial page.
Oh, well, it's us. Well, it's us. Why do we have all this ethnic strife?
And we're trying so hard to get the people together.
You're full of crap. You're divisive. You're full of garbage.
And most people out there, most self-respecting people,
would even wrap their garbage in newspaper. That's how...
That's how abhorrent they find it.
Although we do have one vote that it's a great newspaper,
probably Bob Rubin trying to save his job.
56670560.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Living so much of the time in Toronto,
reading the Toronto Sun, which is a very right-wing newspaper, by the way,
but I don't read it for their editorial views,
but a great newspaper in other respects.
And the Toronto Star, which is, yeah, Come Seek them Silence, okay.
But reading like real, almost real newspapers,
and then coming back and looking at this Schmidt,
it's enough to make me wonder what the hell it's all about.
It's wrong with you people.
942 at 560WQA.
And the summer's over, and of course, our good friend Troy
over at Balance for Life would like to help you lose some weight.
No more vacations, no more BS, no more of those barbecues.
Now's the time to get your body in shape.
And the people at CNN have discovered, amazingly,
Dr. Rackens was on with our good friend Larry last night.
Longing for Steathouse.
And all the way I didn't see it. Thank goodness.
I was at the track losing my money.
But the bottom line to the whole deal is that fat,
cuts years off your life.
Now if you're one of those people that can't follow the App,
consider these other diets because you're weaker,
because you can't count calories or carbohydrates.
And because you don't want to go shopping into all these things,
let Balance for Life do all these things for you.
Because they deliver right to your door a little black sack every day.
It may not sound all that exciting, but once you unzip it,
and the sack too, inside there are five meals,
three gourmet meals, and two snacks.
And by the time, you know, there are some days
when you won't be able to eat all the food,
you got really have to do it,
because that's the key to the whole deal, the zone diet.
But there's plenty in there to keep you full all day long.
And everything is fresh and delicious.
And you, unlike me, you get to choose between two alternatives
for each one of the meals every day you're on a program.
Unlike me, who just gets whatever they decide to send,
because Troys and Asshole, okay?
Troys a schmuck.
With two little earrings, by the way, he wears two earrings.
He doesn't touch the food, don't worry.
So anyway, if you want to lose the weight successfully,
if you're tired of trying all the other fat diets that don't work,
if you want stuff that's really fresh and delicious,
as opposed to the stuff in those little stupid vibes,
or cans, here's the answer for you.
Call Balance for Life.
And the beast and the fat boy are fighting it out.
Who's going to lose the most weight now?
Is that the way we're going to do it?
I guess because we don't know.
Call Balance for Life at this number, 954-568-3229.
We'd like to have some menus over here.
Troye, you jackass!
Call Balance for Life at 954-568-3229,
or visit their most prestigious website at balanceforlife.com.
My name is VanLokov.
This is 420560.
I am way, way, way, yeah.
And it's, I am a pussy.
What's the matter, pal?
Pro-Zach not working.
Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore.
Are you unable to cope?
Then you need to talk to your doctor about new...
Fuggetall.
In laws coming for the holidays?
Fuggetall.
Boss writing you again.
Fuggetall.
Wife being a pain in the ass.
Fuggetall.
Fuggetall has been prescribed in Europe for years.
And thanks to a loophole and FDA regulations is now available in the good old US of A.
Patients using Fuggetall should be aware of the following side effects.
Euler discharge, spontaneous air loss,
genital shrinking, hysterical blindness, kidney stones,
unsightly nail fungus, rectilpleting and worms.
So, when the pressures of everyday life get you down...
I need this on my desk by seven o'clock!
The test came back positive.
I'm pregnant.
Mommy!
Just reach for that little blue bottle and say...
Fuggetall.
Exactly. That's what I'm ready to say right now because there's not a single call on the board.
This is the way we start the new year.
Yesterday it was pretty marginal at best.
I mean, it was worked out okay, but this is just a disgrace.
This is a scandal in the history of my life.
There's not one call on this board.
We took one, that guy was okay.
He was pretty good.
I guess I shouldn't push it after him.
He was okay.
5667-0560-050560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line,
a disgrace to the human race.
That's South Florida.
What is wrong with you people?
93 votes on a poll.
What's your take on the hero?
It's a great newspaper for...
There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites, eight.
It's the best of a sorry bunch in South Florida, 20.
It sucks, 30.
It panders so much it should be entirely in Spanish, 31.
Incredible.
Leading the way.
That was my vote.
That was absolutely my vote.
I think they ought to print the whole goddamn paper in Spanish.
Stop pretending okay over there.
You don't care about the rest of us, you don't pick it up, honey.
You don't care about us.
All you care about is pandering to the old farts down there in Dade County.
Armando, Cudierez, all that crowd.
The Gonzalez family.
All of these misfits.
Coconut Creek, hello.
You're gay.
Here's a call from Boker, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Hey, the other day I was watching TV and I know how much you said in the past that you liked Elizabeth Montgomery.
Yeah.
Well, in the 70s, you know, OJ made movies like the late 70s and the early 80s.
But sure.
Well, she's in a movie with him called a Killing Affair where she's a cop and he plays the part of her sidekick and they have an affair together while they're in this movie together.
And it's so authentically disgusting.
And I thought you might want to know that she was in a movie with OJ.
Well, my day continues on the same note. That's terrific.
No one knows she'd buy it.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
See these people, these people bring you down. They drag you down. That's the trouble with this town.
This town, in fact, you know something where I'm going to take up a bunch of billboards and it's all it's going to say is this town brings you down.
Because it's true.
You could feel like on top of the world which I've been for quite some time now.
Thank you, except for my little sore throat that I had there.
Thanks again, by the way, Moses. He sued my sore throat.
And you come here and these people are so depressing.
So did you hear what Moses said and all this other crap, depressing.
More but I can understand you're here. I can relate.
But God Almighty lighting up a little bit.
Okay, life is more than just losing a couple of ball games and because this Montgomery made a movie with you know they got OJ.
They got to put up with him being here.
We have a hell of a lot of damn things to overcome here.
And all those people I was just talking about are refused to speak of the English.
And a Harold which continues pandering and slapping you in the face.
It's you know what they ought to do.
Everybody out there who speaks English as their primary language.
When the paper boy delivers your paper everyone he should ring the doorbell.
When you come to the door he should take the paper and not just hand it to you but slap you in the face with it.
Yeah, that's right. Slapping us in the face is what you're doing with a God damn Miami Harold.
Did anybody call who knows who these guys are?
No.
Who knows about W. What is it?
SDJ. No.
Who listens to that show?
No.
Who reads the Harold?
No.
No, no seriously.
What choice have they got?
No wonder people here don't read a freaking newspaper.
The choice they've got.
You want to know why?
They don't read a newspaper because we don't have one.
Right. There you go.
56670560.
Pond 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
And you show me a market of this size without a real meaty newspaper, without a real newspaper.
And I'll show you a real Bush League town.
Not a world class city.
World class my ass.
In fact, that would be on the bottom of my billboards.
This town brings you down underneath in a somewhat smaller print.
World class my ass.
Oh!
Oh!
There's several explanation points at the end of it.
Bring the you down.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
I'm not going to bring you down.
Okay.
You know how you were getting complaints on the MoeBip CDs when you order them online?
I had no problem, man.
I ordered one a few weeks ago.
And after I ordered it two days later, I got the thing.
Excellent.
Well, that's because we're on top of it now.
Boy, I bitch these bastards out.
And now we're on top of that.
In fact, they're sending them out even before you order it.
I'm telling you, man.
It's awesome.
And so I mean, yesterday I was listening to Joyce Kaufman.
Why?
Just as a joke.
It must have been a bad, you see?
Here we go again.
This guy is bringing me down.
Even after he started with something good.
Well, I'm pressing him.
And now you're bringing me down.
Joyce Kaufman, you sound like one of those light bulb talk show groupers.
Yeah, but she had a lot of praise for you yesterday.
Well, what about what?
Just that you're a great professional broadcast.
Well, she's not.
I know.
I know that.
She's not Joyce Kaufman.
Go sell furniture at Burdines or something.
Joyce has got out of my face.
Oh, these talk show groupies.
I'm leaving.
I can't handle it.
I'm going back to Toronto.
I can't handle this.
They'll still be called.
I don't make any difference.
Because I'll be in a better mood.
Because I'll look out the window.
I'll see that I'm not here.
You have no idea psychologically.
What an enormous difference that makes.
What an adjigantic difference that makes.
Because sitting in this year here,
I know that this guy that I just spoke to is not that far away.
No matter where he is, he's somewhere.
He's lurking.
He's a talk show groupie who listens to Joyce Kaufman.
Light bulb light.
Is what this guy's talking about.
He probably even listens to the normal can't hour between eight and nine.
And by the way, Norm, you are so lame and so weak.
So weak.
When I think of a billboards and all of the other lies and the stuff that this company won't do.
And then he calls me.
I never even told him this.
He called me on Sunday to ask me,
did you get your contract yet from Greg?
And I've already told him, I don't want to get involved in that.
I don't want to know from it.
He needs to talk to you about it.
And you want to know why he really called me?
Tickets.
Because it's acted the first of the year.
And you know what happens at the beginning of each year?
Oh, he gets paid.
He gets paid by me by my corporation.
That is correct.
Well, I got news for you, Norm.
Just cool your heels.
Okay, I'll pay when I'm good and ready.
He didn't want to say that.
He never came out and said that.
But that was why he called.
See, pretend and edition, which what have I got to do?
What is what money I pay him?
I have to do with you're getting your contract.
I'm sure you've got a very generous, a very generous stipend that you're going to pass along to him
if he gets the deal done, which he won't.
Correct.
Which he won't be.
What is it?
His standard fee, whatever that is.
Oh, whatever it becomes.
Whatever he can squeeze out of you.
That's his standard fee.
Shame on you, Norma.
Shame on you, and another pretender.
All these pretenders we got down here.
Everybody's a broadcaster.
We got Wendy Martez.
We got Norma.
Can't we got Joyce Kaufman.
We got Mr. Ego, who's the busy bashing faggot.
He's got Gaveoodoo dolls.
Yeah, he's the only person in the world.
You thought about you heard of those kind dolls.
He's got the only legitimately gay dolls that have ever been invented.
Yeah, they do eat, they hump each other.
That's right.
If you don't like to lock them up in a lock box, they hump each other.
Humpsy don't you?
In the middle of the night.
That's right.
And so he's got little pins, he sticks in.
I don't want to tell you where he sticks in.
That's probably it.
Silly people.
See, that's another thing about Mike Passon and Waste.
They would say, which I don't want to overdo it.
But it fums me out because here was a guy.
And granted, he was doing old-style radio in his audience was getting older.
But he was like a real radio person.
He was a real broadcast.
He actually belonged on a year.
Who knew something about how to do a show, how to get it done.
As opposed to all these pretenders down here like Joyce Kaufman.
Oh, and then of course, that one.
Who's going to save the world from itself?
Oh, and you know what I forgot about her speaking of Randy?
Now in Jikka's column, which the question to answer thing a few weeks ago.
And I do have to agree with Tom once for once.
Never happened again, Tom.
You idiot.
Somebody writes a letter about how that Randy went on here.
It said the reason that she's not syndicated is because Rush Limbaugh said that if they syndicated her show, he would take his show off WJ and all or whatever that state, whatever it's on Palm Beach.
Now, Tom's answer was that she's delusional.
That Rush Limbaugh certainly has no idea who she is, which how positive is true.
But I mean, talk about living in a dream world.
Randy.
Randy.
What is wrong with you, honey?
And how come she hasn't saved the world from itself yet?
How come we still got those North Koreans and all these other goyams stirring up all this crap?
And they're killing each other over there in the Middle East still.
It's part of the fact that she went on a radio on some 50 watt station that was going to save the world.
Bell's wrong with you, honey.
Although she does have that husband with a technicaler penis.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just, uh, he's never seen it yet.
I'll tell you the good reason why I got the Spanish hero.
Yeah.
I get a deliver from free.
And I use it for my dog.
So my dog can piss and shit on it.
Okay, excellent.
It's one of your people, man.
One of your people.
He said something about life is mere to in South Florida, something like that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
And for Rise of Wireless Line.
And by the way, don't let call the SPCA.
Sounds like cruelty to animals.
He's having his dog do its business on a hero.
It might just rub off, pal.
129 votes there so far.
And only 6A.
It's a great newspaper.
What's your take on the Miami-Herald?
No peek at English over there, by the way.
All peeking upon it.
I think it's mandatory at work.
There are a bunch, and they also have to work via virus.
There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites, 10.
It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida, 22.
It sucks 38.
And it panders so much.
It should be entirely in Spanish, 53.
Yeah.
Pulling away from the pack.
If you want to write up stuff about some Spanish language,
radio station, pull it up in a prank, write it in L-Herald.
Not on the front page of what's supposed to be a great American English language newspaper,
which it is not.
It is neither great nor English language.
Man, best of me cool, man.
That's all I can say to you people at the Herald.
Assholes.
957 at 560 WQM.
Hey guys, if you spent 2002 avoiding mirrors,
if you're sick of combing those fewer remaining strands
with that enormous bald spot on your head,
if you're trying to constantly looking for your baseball cap to cover for your lack of hair,
if you're tired of your mousy looking piece falling off the side of your head and guilty laughing a lot,
now's the time to call Charles Alfierri.
Charles Alfierri is the best in the business.
That's how simple it is.
Using the very latest technology,
Charlie produces sensational results for those who need a lot or want a little bit more here,
with the most amazing natural hairline available.
Natural looks like real hair.
Now gets going out of your head.
In business for over 25 years now working with a famous and not so famous,
everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
Charlie give you a full refund.
If you're not getting late at least 15-20 times a day,
no problem. Just bring it back and Charlie give you your money back.
Call today and take advantage of your $200 nea Roger's discount.
Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks
and usually can make them look a lot better.
Look what Charlie did for Bob Eisenberg,
which we thought was impossible.
He used to wear a dead muskrat.
Now he's got the natural hairline system and looks nearly human.
Call tool free 1-800-321-2413 and get your hair back from Chuck Alfieery.
1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, CharlesAlphieery.com.
For the 500 local, this is 5 cities.
The radio's on your account.
You ain't...
The Mandage, I f***ed them out!
Hey, what's that?
Can't tell you.
Why not?
It's a secret new cereal.
Why is it a secret?
I can't tell you.
Can I have some?
Sure, here you go.
Mmm, pretty good.
Yep, and it's 100% all natural.
Wow, everybody tastes different.
Yep, and every box sold goes to benefit animal rescuers across the country.
Rescue legs?
Yeah, yeah, you know, the people who recommend that you get your pet spayed and neutered.
How does it benefit them?
Well, because that's what you're eating.
What do you mean?
Well, the leftover animal parts.
You don't expect them to just throw that stuff away, do you?
What's the name of this cereal?
Animal nut clusters.
Get out of my way!
Wow, look at that one.
Must've been a horse.
Hey, you gonna finish that?
10-1 at 5-60 WQA, and we got the mad dog at Chulez this afternoon between 103 Hank.
Hank, in the studio between 3 and 7, a rare treat?
You got her accoons at West Virginia basketball 7 o'clock after roundball, you got Eddie K from GA and Joanne Mark overnight.
So how the honeymoon go, okay?
Or you haven't had any reports yet?
Haven't heard of it since they've been down.
I'll be damned.
Here's the fact that says thank you for the poll.
Absolutely agree with you.
Pandering, pandering, balschmit.
Just look at yesterday's front page here in the Herald.
New DS Valar growing political dynasty by Oscar Correll.
I know that DS Valar's in their consort Ross Laiton and it says they sure as hell don't represent
me and that's for damn sure they don't represent you and they sure as hell don't represent us.
They represent Alyon and he don't even live here, he's busy looking for his happy meal.
Of course Fidel is busy talking to Hugo Shavez on the phone.
I did, I still, I'm just in shock.
I'm in shock.
That is the story that nobody could possibly care about, who speak in the English in his town,
is not only on a front page but it continues.
Look at the size of the story on page 8.
Full picture of Hugo Shavez and all.
Of course all of Venice, Swaylands, they're probably pissed off about it, both of them.
Little Joey and whatever the other one is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Pretty weak response here so far today.
It's going to be, we're going to have to play with the audience again.
I can see that.
Pretty, pretty please.
Here's Dateland, hello.
Hello, me, El.
Yes.
How are you doing? Happy to be here.
Same to you, sir.
Two things on the arrow.
About the pandering, just look back at the alien arrow.
And on the other, the contribution to the community, how about the position on Casino Gamut?
Yeah, oh yeah, well that's both newspapers, they're both suck on that.
I mean, you want to see, I can use this.
But the reason the arrow is so psychotic about it is because they know that if we had casinos here in this town
would like grow like a mushroom and they would, they'd probably have some competition.
But we don't want that.
They're terrified of that.
Yeah, we don't want that.
Plus they have that incestuous relationship with Mickey Ererson anyway.
Absolutely.
They do.
Absolutely correct.
Well, have a good day, Neil.
And you too.
And of course, keep in mind that the herald for all their protestations and all their son-of-year aunts about
Mayor Penga Piccania, the herald loves the fact that remember they're going to have the new arena downtown,
they were going to build all the other stuff that never happened downtown.
Remember that with the AAA arena?
Yes.
Oh yeah, all of that stuff that was going to be built on there that never ever happened.
The redevelopment of downtown Miami that never ever happened and never will happen.
Because nobody wants to go to goddamn downtown Miami.
But because the herald building courses conveniently located right down there and one herald plaza on Biscayne Boulevard as a result,
whatever is good for the herald is good for the community accord them.
Just like the metro fail that they put over on the public.
That you ski, you can, any day you want, go on a Dixie highway and sit there in your car and watch those empty trains going back and forth.
They're lovely.
They're beautiful.
Hey, they're not empty. They're full of air.
They're real quiet.
Inside and outside.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And the problem with the people here is they're so goddamn ill-thargic.
They sit back and they take it and the only people who ever write a letter to the editor are the same 20 goddamn curmudgians, the same goofballs.
The same old hacks, right in their letters to the editor and then there'll be a letter from your buddy,
what's his name, crazy, a goofball about casino gambling.
Stan, worth, hammer.
Hey Stan, go get some new skin.
Where do you get a skin transplant?
You think he and PD Lenny came out of the same genetic box?
They both have leather for skin.
Leather.
No, seriously, you ever look at PD Lenny's face and you think of yourself immediately shoe leather.
Immediately.
Showed me a picture of his new girlfriend.
See, he's another one. He must have something that doesn't immediately meet the eye.
There must be, was that what it is, cash?
I thought maybe he had a penis or something.
Let's hope not.
5667.0560.0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's have those two little kids that he's exploited for all he can get on him.
Oh, I got the two little kids.
Will you please do this schlock spot?
Here's a call for the keys. Hello.
Hello, how are you doing today?
Okay sir.
Happy to do your kill you.
Back to you.
Well, what about those newspapers?
How about if we have all of the above except it's a great paper?
Could we make that a choice or is it too late?
Too late.
Oh, well, well.
My croniness brothers and sister Rose said it's too late to turn back now.
We get a newspaper here in the Florida Keys called the Key West citizen.
It was for a long time called the Moat Rapper.
In fact, it still is called that by a few people.
Yeah, yeah.
That's about it for today, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
That's about it for today.
And I wait till tomorrow.
There's going to have some really heavy duty stuff.
The Moat Rapper.
Ugh.
I'm leaving.
What time is the next day or Canada out?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
You're going to be sorry.
You're going to be sorry one of these days when you got George on there in Interromen
till they bring back a, well, you know who else died?
John Moynihan, didn't he?
He did.
I think Rumor told me that.
Was it John Moynihan or, yeah, I think he died.
Was there anything in the paper?
No, I probably shouldn't have said that.
He died.
Of course, that's the same rumor that was on Fox Sports News this morning on our competition.
Shame on you.
Well, I can understand that because you know the Panthers would like to get some coverage somewhere.
And since this station, which is the home of the Florida broadcast of the Panthers,
won't give them one second.
They got to go on somewhere, you know, and pedal their crap.
Got the big game with the Red Wings tomorrow night?
Going to be there?
No.
I'll be there.
I'll be there watching all those front running phony Red Wing fans.
We'll probably have 5,000 Red Wing fans there tomorrow with their Red Wing paraphernity on.
So you don't bother me if the real Red Wing fans show up just like me with my Toronto thing on.
But we're talking about front running phonies, which this town specializes in.
We're the best at it, man.
Jump on the old bandwagon, front running phonies.
Unfortunately, lately, there aren't too many bandwagon to jump on.
So we got everybody and their brothers like jumping off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's pump those numbers, baby.
Let's wait this town up again after George put them into a coma.
With that eating crack, black crack talk.
I don't understand why.
Why is he grossed out about that, my, uh, the brown crack?
That's all you ever talk about.
It's disease, man.
It's disease.
It's filthy.
It's grotesque.
It's disgusting.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Happy new year.
And back to you.
I don't know why anybody would buy either of these newspapers.
The letters to the editors are more informative than the paper itself.
The letters suck most of them.
Some, if you picked them out, like one of them had a thing that really laid on the line about bush and his family history.
But let's get away from all that.
Yeah, let's get away from all that.
If you're unhappy about what you read in these papers, which you need to do is do what I do.
What is it?
Yeah, you're called up the paper and you cancel it.
Why would anybody buy these papers?
Why?
I hear about it.
Sir, I don't have the luxury of doing that because I do this radio show.
If I didn't do this show every day, I would cancel both papers.
This instant, if I didn't do this show.
Okay, moving right along.
Yes.
The, uh, the main thing is this.
If, if people are going to believe what they read in these papers, the sports get it from Hank.
Just don't buy it.
If people didn't buy it, if, if you weren't happy with the way the election went and they gave the thing to bush,
and you're really pissed off about that, what you need to do.
And you know, it was a pay off.
It's a bad job.
And it's, don't buy it.
When you, when you say if people are pissed off, you say that we had like, what was it?
39% turned out in November here.
Nobody showed up to vote.
Those, this guy talking about it, if they're pissed off, they talk a good game.
Talk is cheap.
Well, when it comes to putting a little bit of effort where their mouth is, they don't do a goddamn thing down here.
They never have it.
They never will.
Lethargic.
That's why they were able to steal the election right here in Florida.
They knew that this was perfect for the pickens.
They had the governor up there with his girlfriend.
They had all the right things in place.
They had all the Yahoo cops out there to make sure that the Schwarzenegger couldn't vote as many as possible.
And they never ever stop.
And so come this last November 5, if there's some kind of a backlash of people who are pissed off.
I shouldn't see any signs of it. Did you?
No.
All they had to do was say, oh, McBride's going to raise taxes to a pay for that.
Okay.
Now, the good news is, though, that Governor Jebsdor might be pressured into, like, okaying the slots like for the race tracks because he doesn't want to raise taxes.
Because he has presidential ambition.
And he sure don't want to have it be said that just like his daddy, he raised taxes.
Where else is the money going to come from?
They only have like two or three choices and that's, and two of the three are unacceptable.
Well, why don't we just do find that secret plan that he had, you know, when he was talking to those Yahoo's, those crackers up there in Pensacola.
Maybe we'll find out those DV's little plans.
He's got to subvertible to the public and just dance around that constitutional amendment on class size, huh?
He's got DV's little plans.
And then of course, there's that lesbian vote.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
It brings a tear to my eye to see what goes on in this town and this state.
And it's me. You see, it's me that I'll just never accept it.
I don't know, maybe there's something in my mind that I'm just weak.
I'm just stubborn.
Can't accept the fact that this is just the way this is.
Don't shorten your life over it. Life is too goddamn short anyway.
Just go with a flow.
Look at this tremendous response we've got here today from all these friendly people in South Florida.
Look at all the women calling it a say happy new year and the Harold socks or whatever.
Let's talk about bilingualism.
Maybe we can get the ghost of any shaper to call back in.
Is she dead by the way or did she just chase her ass out of town on a rail?
Well another year is coming. It's a new year.
You want a new you and you've made all these resolutions for a new this and knew that like a new paint job for the house, new carpeting.
But what about all the money these things cost? All of these things.
All this new stuff's going to cost you thousands of dollars.
The trick is to make something look brand new when it's snot.
That's why I use dry concepts. When your carpets are really clean, they do look just like brand new and dry concepts.
This is the only service that dry cleans your carpets, grapes, expensive area rugs and believe you may.
Your friends will think you replaced your carpeting with brand new stuff.
Dry concept technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration.
They really know their crap and they leave your carpets soil free, vibrant and color and softer to the touch.
So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets and poultry leather furniture.
It's time for the best in the world. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years.
Dry concepts.
Problem with pet orders and milder voters caused by water damage. No problem.
Dry concepts will straighten it out for you. Don't get rid of that stench.
Yo, what's yourself and your carpets to call the professionals at Dry Concepts Tool Free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or just log on to dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget with dry concepts you cleaned today and are tamed tonight. Not just a slogan. It's their business.
We're supporting you five six, two a.m.
Inns done as dirt.
They want us to find a way to reimburse for back pay. From 200 years ago when they were played.
of all
a
I remember every month and two was dead and tall
If I was born and they'd be no two
Oh, it's like they'd think something I'd do
But what for dead people dead do you?
I have to take the flight
We get to know four and old thirty-eight
With the can of smelly cherry in fact
It's dead of forty acres and the view
I have a better way
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning
And put on how a parent organ pray me to
Kiss a nigger good morning
And have your resolution for its life and use
Kiss a nigger good morning
And kill them that can't sorry for its labor
Kiss a nigger good morning
And that's where every pun it was dead and tall
10-16 at 5-60 W.Q.M. 190 votes
What's your take on the hero which
It's a great newspaper eight
There are much of Irland and I semi-12
It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 35
It sucks 56
It panders so much it should be entirely in Espanol 79
This facts his crap
First of all it was comical to hear Mo and Geltie carry on with the crow thing
And you they really seem to be pressing tight as most hairpiece
I want to come out on the hero article
Although I don't like the paper there's nothing wrong with the article
I think it's comical at a local radio station
Tricks the alleged leader of a country
Rather than pandering to Hispanics I think it's okay
I don't read L-heroes so I wouldn't have seen it otherwise
Love you Neil
Well you may love me but the fact of the matter is you're not going to love what I have to say
Because it's not okay that the story is like a major
With a full-color picture everything on the front page of the newspaper
It's a crank call
What?
It's a crank call
Why is that big major
Front page news
It's on a radio station that nobody who speaks English listens to
If it was on the radio TV page
Or if it was on page 4 where they put these cutesy stories you know
Sure
There could have been a little tease for it on the front page
And then details on page 4
But a spread like this with a color picture it's just more the same
It's more it's typical of what they do all the time
And like I said before and I'll never I'll never change my tune because I seem to do it all the time
They rub our noses in it
They absolutely rub our noses in it
Which is one of the many many reasons that I'm not here most of the year anymore
And I'm trying to get my nose rubbed in that
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8
Look at this very very familiar printing
On this facts
Who says even as a young child growing up in Broward County I knew that my hero was a disgusting unreadable piece of crap
On the other hand the Palm Beach Post happens to be a great paper
No the Palm Beach Post is not a great paper
They have some good articles in there and there's some good editorial
But to say that it's a great paper is like laughable
PS
You want everyone to be positive when in the last 15 years or so if you've been positive
You can probably count it on one hand you know why positive radio equals boring radio respectfully listener up north
Who's a chronic chronic thanks you by the way whoever this is
What did I say I want everybody to be positive?
What did I say that?
Huh?
I don't know I'm positive but I'm positive I didn't say that
I like to see people get pissed off not positive
Pissed off, care about something besides early bird dinners and free spaghetti dinners
Over 200 people at Pompano Park last night
Oh!
Find up for the free spaghetti dinner all the yent is were there from win-mourin cemetery village
A wonderful thin palm air, a wonderful thing to see
You should have seen Dick
Little Dick Feinberg running around there he thought it was the greatest damn thing since Mickey McNichol won two races in the same night which was last night
Nice go on Nikki, you idiot
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only 18 and T in Verizon wireless line
Gay fans think just in Timberlake is the coolest see I could take some more of these calls but they think that all I wanted
They have been doing a show for a hundred years and we've been doing these polls now for about four years
And when we as soon as we do the poll they think that's the topic that they have to talk about
There are many days when we take a poll on something that we don't even ever talk about
Like yesterday is a good example right
But they because they have no other material they have nothing else to talk about
How about the fact that here the FBI had everybody up in arms 19 of these legal schmata heads again and five with pictures on there
That they kept putting in front of our face
They're here and we don't know what they're up to or who they are or where they are
And it comes to the whole thing as a hoax
Just like the reliance in this phony cloning and now we got two clones
And it's all a pile of crap nobody cares about that
The people here are oblivious so as far as people being positive no I can't imagine anybody being positive about being here
Unless they want to be oblivious I mean this is the perfect place to be in La La land because this is it
Put your very your head deep in the sand like an ostrich and have a smile on your post 24-7
Gay fans think Justin Timberlake is the coolest so it says in the whatever this is the the inquirer so must be true
Hey Justin bye bye bye you suck
Maybe that's why the gay fans like him he sucks
Popstar Justin Timberlake is in sync with gay fans
He's been voted one of the coolest straight people of 2002 by the gay and lesbian magazine the advocate
You know what this reminds me of remember yesterday I was talking about freaky Carlos and the Tammy Faye
Same thing Susan Lutin and Susan Lutchy Kuchy Kuchy the
In the stink heart throughout and former boyfriend of Britney Spears
Bye bye bye was picked as the publications December cover boy oh
How sad the magazine singled out the boy band member largely for his open acceptance of his many gay fans and the fact that he ignores gay rumors unlike Tom Cruise
Oh, by the way speaking of Tom Cruise his marriage has been canceled
Howard J. Loan bed app like doing now canceled
Lisa Marie yeah and Jim J. Bullock canceled
It's funny to be talking about gay people and bring being into me and then being into me he said and that's an interesting choice of words in it
Bye bye bye and then sync right now he told the magazine the least of my concerns is whether or not they think my music is too gay
Oh Justin we think your music is real gay
You're gay
And he said if I was gay that wouldn't be a big deal so I would I hide it
Unlike Nick Carter the 21 year old singer says the only real role models in the world of matter our parents
I actually asked my mother once how she would feel if I came to her and told her that I was gay and she said
She said I would be completely accepting but I hope it's not true. I'm sure she said that it's not is it
Scott Seaman
Spokesperson for the gay lesbian lines against them and defamation glad told the inquirer
I applaud him for sitting for an interview and photo shoot with the advocate in the early 1990s
The new kids on the block would never have done this because of fear of being thought of as gay themselves the new kids on a block
Your gay
Other stars named cool straight people of 2002 were George Clooney Diane Sawyer Johnny Knoxville started a hit film Jack asked the movie
And Charles Nelson Riley
Oh that was just a tack on
5 6 7 0 5 get some material when you people that's the that should be your resolution for the new year
For these last few months that I'm going to be on the year here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Here's Weston hello
Hey how are you doing?
Okay
Hey I got a good story for you about how this area and I am, it's not a real city
Yeah
I was I never take the metro really but I was down in a kendo area on some business
And I decided to take it back up north it was on a Friday night and I left kendo at about
7 o'clock and got to the Tri-Rail transfer station at 740
This is on a weekday and the last train had already run in West north bound 730
It was no more that night
So my wife had to come to the absolute worst neighborhood in the world at the corner of Northwest 27th Avenue in 79
Oh!
And pick me up like on a Friday night because there's no other way to get out of there
Uh-huh
Yeah, I did have a nice conversation with the armed security guard for a little while
And by the way there's a couple taxis there because this always happens that offer to take you out of there
Okay great we'll talk a lot for the call 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
I am going to tell you folks it's a great day for the Irish
Oh we don't have any Irish here
That's the problem
You need to import a lot more Irishmen will be a lot more positive like that faxist
We want you to be positive like this last guy whatever the hell he was babbling about
And now is that really from the land?
That's what he said
Here's a call from the land floor to hello
Hey, dear I love it but dear every day I think you're great
But all you do is kvets about DMI and me want you to go to a better market
Meaning what?
Seattle
Oh yeah Seattle's great
Chicago?
New York?
I'm not complaining about my job I just don't like it here that's why I do this show away from here most of the year
What's wrong with that?
But you'd be much better in Seattle you'd have a better following
Why is that?
The more hit
I don't want to go to Seattle Seattle's a million miles away from anywhere that I would ever want to be
Are you close to that Cooper?
Like I said it's a million miles away from anywhere I'd want to be
Have a great day sir
Here's a guy calling me from the land floor to and he's giving me an advice on where I should be
Call me from the land floor to you know where the land floor to is up there in the enemy's belt up like on the coast there no I know it's us
Oh believe me
It makes Melbourne look like Manhattan I don't talk about Australia either
It's my it makes Pawoki look like
LA
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
In addition to what's the audience enjoys hearing me bitch about being here they like that it's a part of the show
They enjoy it a lot
At least I'm being honest about it I could come on and say oh it's wonderful to be back in paradise and you know go through all of that crap you know when you're washed up and at the end of the line and they banish you like to the minor leagues like some people and then you talk about oh it's so great to be in paradise
This ain't no paradise anybody who really would believe that needs a lobotomy and a new hair piece
Here's point and beach hello
And that order?
We're not necessarily
How are you?
Okay happy new you want me to try my radio all happy new year sir
Yeah, I got some material. Let's see where I have been I'm okay here it goes first time
Here goes
Young cut Julio trying to get my she came back
All right from the get go
Uh-huh not juvenile
You know what I like it when you bitch about things other than sports but not hockey
You heard the here's the ideal lineup
You
Uh you don't have to do in the minor leagues but just you can be like the dentist Miller
But behind the scene is that funny or I mean I don't know I couldn't believe that dude said that
Said what?
I wasn't listening I have no idea what I know he was but he was killing time because football is football seasons over
And also his killing time with some crap about me and the crow doing the ball games and book now getting to the serious part of all that did not tell you long time ago
But we get picked up by some major league team because that's his bag. He's a great play by play guy
He's a terrible talk show host and he's a great play by play guy wishing the best he's a good guy keep the weight off and you're etc
Here's the fact that says happy new year to you
I'm a spick and a lady and I hate the herald and Miami blows. I love your show. Thank you God for your show. It says
Now go
Find the colleague
PS what is your new book how I attack the buffet coming up?
Ha ha ha. So does Eric publishes it for us?
Maybe he could write the prologue the forward. Yeah the forward how he attacks the buffet how he picks up all the chicken balls when I finish
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line 27 after 10 a QAM
Audience is really coming up with some heavy duty crap today
We ever presented with an opportunity when you should have could or would have done something but didn't do it
But here's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there waiting for you at 3.45%
The rate is available by calling financial group toll free at 1 800 940 53 63
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save $3,500 in the first year alone for each 100,000 you owe
100,000 cost you only $447 a month
Here's an opportunity that won't last it's a 40 year low so if you're thinking about refinancing
Or purchasing a home call financial group toll free 1 800 940 53 63 the process is simple the call is free
1 800 940 L.E.N.D. you heard right ha yes financial group has been in equal housing
100 thousands of borrowers of Fannie Mae program
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change of UD delay
5.34 APR call financial group today toll free you know what that means no need to do why
Call financial group today toll free at 1 800 940 L.E.N.D.
You might have no
This is 420 560
You way up
Hey it's Howard
Howard David
Welcome to the 70th annual Mo Howard Spelling Bee
I see you're on the internet already so let's go
Alright Mr. Bush your word is clandestine like is in clandestine operation
I R A N C L N T I A
Wrong book you find okay Mr. Clinton your word is monogamous
P R O S T I T U T E
Not even close okay senator Kennedy your word is sobriety
Yes you're who the hell pick these off anyway
C H I B A S
Wrong book you find but I don't get drunk off that anymore
I've built up an immunity to it and looks like the fields been narrowed to two people
Let's start with Ross Bro
You have an easy one please spell government
Manch sample let's go to the charts in you've got S H
F F T horse bowl cow and you beat you one
Upstate respite kids
You're out and Mr. Strom Thurman you can win this thing if you can spell the word antiquated
O L B
O P is that right home and we have a winner
1032 and 560 WQM
Wait till you hear the Grammy Award nominations you're going to be psychotic
Here they are
Well CNN's another one slow their website they had to story on an hour ago
But they're just getting around now to putting it on the website which is why I'm printing it out
104 categories for this year's Grammy Awards up from 101 last year
Let's read them all what do you say?
Oh right
Come on let's go I won't kill more than next couple of hours
I mean your calls are so damn exciting here's West Palm Beach hello
Hey how are you now?
Yes sir
How are you doing today?
Okay
Yeah I just got back from my home state of Connecticut
Just on a little vacation
Yeah
And one of the first things I heard when I came back here in the radio was they were talking about getting a small pecs
A box vaccine down here
Who is talking about it?
It was just on the radio they were talking about how they want to cut our home in security in the state of Florida
For a home for a small box vaccine
Sir what kind of drugs are you doing like mushrooms?
No I'm not doing that
acid, two and all
No
I don't know if you heard that at all
I was reading the book by a guy in London
How can they cut home my security in Florida?
That's what I heard in the radio
That's what I heard in the radio
I heard on the radio where?
Who told you that?
12, um, 1290
1290?
Yeah
Sounds like a bunch of commoners crap to me
Go ask the bridge standard
Exactly
Springsteen and newcomers lead Grammy
Now see what I mean the calls are assimilating, it's just it's fabulous
It's just makes my blood curtle
Springsteen and newcomers lead Grammy
Now as soon as I see Springsteen that tells me everything I need to know
And I know that there are those of you out there you know he was what mum was here last time
Not that long ago
Not that long
In concert over there at the Macarena
And all you clowns out there just uses and excuse to go to its stone which I guess is okay
Like Jeff Cohen
Rhymes with stone
But Bruce Springsteen, man he couldn't sing as well out of a paper sec
If you put a gun up his ass he still can sing
That's all he does is puke
He's a puke
He is just a puke
The Grammy's played it right down the middle this morning honoring veterans such as previous Grammy winners Bruce Springsteen
Cheryl Crow
And M&M
And a host of newcomers is the recording Academy announced the nominations for the
45th annual Academy Awards
8 artists
Springsteen, M&M, Crow, Nelly
Neo Soul Artist, Raphael Sadiq
Who the hell's Raphael Sadiq?
And newcomers Ashanti, Nora Jones and Avril Lavigne
Yeah
Tied for lead with five Grammy nominations of peace
Well that's like Avril Lavigne and get all of them in a shot he maybe one or two
Just that rule
And what about what happened to our good post-personal friend Shakira?
Shakira?
I don't know if she's somewhere
Is she small potatoes in here? I don't see her name anywhere in this movie
She's great!
New last year
Maybe she didn't have any of these
She didn't do all the underwear world of Joccoosto?
No, seriously, wasn't that in 2002? That was last year
What the hell is that?
Where is that thing? I see the underpants song in here which you better damn well never play again
Oh, the Joccoosto?
No! I'm talking about the Shakira one
Oh it's called I Can Make Men Growers
Now what it's called? Guys
I can make a word out of your somewhere
I can't find it
Anyway Springsteen was nominated for album of the year for the Rising
And Song of the Year for that 9-11 inspired albums title song
Oh yeah there's Bruce Springsteen, he's waving the flag and he's building it up
You were saying it more than you were saying
There you go, is that it?
What is it called? It's under Shakira
Oh it's under Shakira, you see this is a problem
Which the audience probably don't really care about all that much
But it's just why we have to go through this double process, see?
It's like all of the ones that are under somebody
It's supposed to just be under the name of the bit
It's just but that's because that's the way it was titled on the disc
What do you mean by that?
Well who put it in there?
I don't know
Carlos put it in there? Maybe
He's shaking his head and no he said he had nothing to do with that
Also nominated for Almanair were M&M for the M&M show
2002's bestselling record, don't ask us why
He just drives me up the wall
He just can't sing, he's obnoxious, he's ugly, he's just everything that nobody would want to be
Besides Rich
But he's a snappy dresser and politically
No he's not a snappy dresser or politically correct
He's none of these things, he's just scum
Scum on two legs
As opposed to what we got here, the begins with S on two legs
The Dixie Clarks, Dixie Clark Chicks for home
Nelly for Nellyville and Jones for her jazzy come away with me
It's jazzy
The nominees for record of the year were a thousand miles by Vanessa Couton
Without me by M&M
Don't know why by Nora Jones
The Lemma by Nelly featuring Kelly Rock
See what I see a song that says so and so featuring
See this is the new deal the last two or three years now
Here's Nelly featuring Jaime Povick
Here's Blue featuring Elton John
Hey there friends want to get paid too
You never heard that blue song with Elton John
That remake of whatever that song is
You have those shoes though
You're of course not, we buy you
How you remind me by Nickelback
Also in the song of the year category
Which on a songwriter's nominees were complicated written by Avril Lavigne
And the matrix written by, see
She doesn't just sing, I love Avril Lavigne
And of course if you were in Europe right now
With all the 85,000 MTV and music channels
You could see you're all over the place which I did while I was there
It's part of the fact that Amsterdam blows
Maybe I can just find a street corner where I can just hang out and keep my computer
And TV set
A booth, a glass booth
A little like a telephone booth
Just keep my computer and TV and they're in my VCR
Like they pay all of that good stuff
Why did I get involved with this?
This is not our people
This is not our stuff
There are five people in this audience who know who any of these people are
Or I would want to know who these people are
We all know who Bruce Springsteen is, we don't ever want to hear him again
And if you do, do you, okay?
If you like Bruce Springsteen, go away
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Line
Here's a call from Del Ray, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Two quick points that I wanted to bring up with you
Back in the late 80s when Reniri was kind of losing popularity on the station
He was attacked and that's just the fact I can remember it because that's what had me tuning in
They were saying how old he was and how repetitive his show was
What was saying that?
Well, not only the collars but I mean I think it ranged all the way from your show through Rick and such show and all that stuff
Yeah
I mean it was different back then because he wasn't dead
And secondly, it last year before Mohawar David even got on the air
Yeah
I guess you kind of crushed him, you know I mean it got me to listen to his show
I was crushing who?
Well before he had even come on to the air I think it was the day or two before
And maybe it was your way of promoting the show because it got me to listen to his show
That's an absolute lie I was not crushing him
I was the only one in the station
The other people were crushing him because he made that comment and Barry Jack as his column
About sports talk where he was boring and he was going to reinvent it and make it interesting in Yadi-Adi
I was the only one that gave him a chance
I said the guy's not even here yet
I mean you know you can fabricate in your mind whatever things you know and put words in my mouth
That doesn't mean that I said him or that it's true
But whatever you say got me to listen to him
Yeah and
I want some free Marlons tickets on this show
And
And I don't really use them to this show
I don't listen to Georgia's show either but I'm glad you're back
Okay thanks
Seriously this group of calls we've had so far today I wouldn't wish this on Heinrich Himmler
I wouldn't wish it on Miss Drudge with or without the blue dress
5 6 7 0 5 6 8
It's just it's not possible it isn't possible
I mean if we didn't have anybody listening I guess that's possible and maybe that's possible too
I don't know I mean George was on a long time
5 6 7 6 see him nodding his head
This is the same one who was giving me a song and answer about how great the beast was on Thanksgiving day
I got news for you man
I'm trying to be an ice guy because I like the beast personally
He's a good guy
Like Orlando Alzergeri a real good guy
He just doesn't belong on the air
And one thing I can say about two things about the beast
He's fat that's number one and two unprofessional
My and local
Here's sports video 5 60s you a amp
Fact in the church
Where we found local jeans that won't stay on the hair is blonde
Shake my fun and turn guys on
But there's a place
Romer guys can hide it
I can make guys grow right behind their seats
I can make guys grow with my mind and duty
That's where fair blood flows
Close and such a beauty
It's one of those things I've worked for
The best such a bad girl
I can make guys grow with my mind and duty
That's where fair blood flows
Close and such a beauty
It's one of the things I've worked for
The best such a bad girl
The best such a bad girl
That was last year
That was in 2001
Why isn't Shakira all over the thing?
Like Stink on Wheels
Don't know
Because I guess he's just not the suckin' on the right places
Eminem must be suckin' on the right places
Because this man I don't want to get started
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon
See he's angry, he's angry
And you know
A white guy who wants to be black
Why don't he live in Detroit?
What do you expect?
Go see him, I'll get it
No, I have my pirate copy of it
I don't have it watched it
Here's our last call of the day
It's from Miami, hello?
You pick me up before I do it
I do
What do you know Chuck Booms?
Do I know what?
Chuck Booms
Chuck Booms?
Yeah, I remember you guys were making fun of him
Like earlier in the year
I'm about saying that the town show holds
So I'm not competition station or gay or whatever
Who the hell is Chuck Booms?
Well I thought you would know him but anyway he was like
Who is he if you tell me then maybe I'll tell you I'd never heard of him
He does, he used to do 3 to 7 on 940
I don't want to plug him or anything
But he was real good, he would be a good replacement for Moe
Because like he said Moe was a good player by play
But he's not a talk show host
Uh huh
Chuck Booms, nobody in this audience, nobody in the world
Ever heard of this person?
He heard Kylie Booms
Oh Kylie and Booms
Yeah, that's what you're talking about
But they had like a .01 share they had no audience
Like I said
They had that .01 because of him I mean he was the life of that show
Yeah
But if they had Chuck Booms with Steve Booms
Okay well Boomness okay, Boom Boom
Boom Boom Jeffery on
567-0560, pond 560
This is the worst bunch of geeks I've ever heard in my life
I guess this town is completely crashed after those two football losses
They didn't just take it hard, they just crawled onto the bed
And just they never come out of no Moe
That must be it
That must be why they had to kill a whole morning this morning from what I had to report
So I'm getting with all that crap about me and the crow doing the games
It should be a big improvement I'll guarantee you that
567-0560, pond 560 on the AT&T
And for Rise In Line
We have one call on the board
If we don't start getting calls I'm certain playing some music
I'm into fighting to the finish but you made me forget
I know it's not so cool and dreamy
Go away, baby
And in fact you know something I think it is only the 7th of January
It's not late and it's still early enough in the year to change the format
I think I'm going to play my music, whatever music I like every day 4 hours a day
We got all these jingles huh?
I mean I'm going to sit here and beg for calls the rest of my life
I thought we had come beyond this
I thought we had transcended the Neil begs for call segments on this radio show
But we haven't done that
Because unfortunately no matter how much I'm in town or out of town I'm out here
How many months go by?
This town still has no material
Everybody I see
You know I see him for the first time and if you must say
Well what did I miss?
Nothing
Nothing?
What did I miss?
Something must have been going on here that I was out of touch with?
Nothing?
Nothing!
That ought to be the theme song besides two different worlds is I got plenty of nothing
Song by like Shufro and Willie T. Ribs like doing duet
Featuring the Willie T.
Oh what a beautiful day
Here's Cooper City, hello
You know Neil it was great to hear that you got the piss in your bag
Sounds like a witty again yeah
It's witty again
And we know it's part of the piss and vinegar you are okay?
You jackass
Oh I snore!
Yeah
Idiot
Two days in a row we got him
See that's one thing we'll never lose those people
Always there because they have no life
Here's Boka, hello
You see the bachelor's last night?
No I did not
This big construction guy had to give 10 girls a pearl necklace
Yeah
I don't know how he did it after 9 out of the exhausted
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Yeah it's enough to make you just want to plus make you do a big big dump in your pants
I'll tell you one thing about Fethore it's a good thing that he wears those size 78s
Because if he ever does a big dump in his pants you never even know the difference
Well not from appearance anyway
Here's Miami, hello
Neil, yes sir
I can't be the opportunity to be up all night on Sunday
And I was working late to back to school
And I tuned in to Mark and Joe
And let me tell you something
They their show sounds like you're show does today
What do you mean by that?
They don't have a call I called up I was on the phone
I'm from 2 to 6 in the morning I'm on the other day here
People are supposed to be awake now
Oh my god I'm not complaining I'm not complaining I was thrilled
I was like 2.30, 3 o'clock
I said I'm going to go home
The show came on and I just kept working
And the next thing I knew it was 6.30
My wife was wondering where I was and I was saying
I was with Joe and Mark
Joe and Mark kept me up all night
I love you Neil
Okay thanks for this assimilating call 5.670-5.60
Seriously you people are so boring man
I'm going to start bringing in a pillow
Pillow on the alarm clock
Do you think that's a good idea?
We can put like a little one of those recliner cheers here
I mean this is a nice chair I got
But let's start putting one of those recliners in
And I can stretch the mic out like this
I might be a lever on that thing
Oh I like this
There you go
I mean it's kind of hard to recant me
And you know something the phone thing is just far enough away
I can't reach it from here
Sorry now that we got all the lines lit up
Sorry but I'm real comfortable now
It's not a wire you could pull it over onto your lap
Yeah and the mic too
So is that other one working now
A suds was in here that one day
And the other mic was working or not?
No it worked after such a everyday daily ordeal
Getting that thing working but yeah I know
I've gone holy y'all you fat tub
Here's a Davy hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
Great hey this is Andy I just need it
Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale hello
How about the public guys?
Tamarack hello
Did it sound like?
Yes
Oh sorry I was laughing after this last couple of calls
I believe it happy new year to you
Same to you sir
I finished reading my copy of Forbidden Truth a couple of weeks ago
Good
Something I was thinking about this scrap door in our North Korea
I wouldn't be surprised if China is behind this
Because I think that China is going to
You know they have that problem with Taiwan of course
I wouldn't be surprised if Taiwan is behind
Some of the stuff that's going on and we're already
You know trying to drag the gas
It was over there to Iraq
And then the North Korea stirs up the crap a little bit
With China behind them letting them know
They're not going to let things escalate out of control
I think you know
Okay we'll call me after you take the next dose
5670560
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon
I need a dose wireless line
I feel like I've contracted a dose
Uno dose trace that last call
Here's Stuart hello
Stuart
Yes sir
How are you doing sir?
Okay
Okay
Let me answer something we're off the track
You always put Georgia down for his sexual preferences
Sexual preferences
You know as anal desires
That's not a sexual preference that's a fetish
Yes
I would think that you know
I don't get me wrong, I love you guys
But you know your preferences why in that direction too?
No they do not, my preferences have nothing to do with...
They have nothing to do with ass
I'm not an asses for as a one-waste
Didn't you ever see that one-waste sign on your ass?
The only thing that's allowed in there is like the proctologist finger like once a year
That's right
It's the out shoot
No you're missing out one there
No thanks
No thanks
And by the way, Gogargo would list the reins please
Gogargo would list the reins please
Carlos does every morning
I noticed that
Well in his case it can't hurt
It burns your eyes when you're in the front
God really knows where he's got his tongue all the time
Because he's always in there brushing his teeth
I mean that's just brushing but scrubbing his teeth
And his mouth and lister reigning
So I've got only nose
I think what he does is he sucks some of the meals out of the dumpster in the back
Well you know he's not getting fed real well
Because he's not making any money
So he has to suck some of the food straight out of the dumpster
Now it all falls in together he sleeps in his car
In fact most said something about his bag being cleaned out
Well that's getting a little bit too low
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7
And what the hell was the deal with this farce is washing the cars yesterday
What was that?
Are we small potatoes now just because I'm not always here on my left out
My car needed to be washed badly
But nevertheless it's normally on Friday
Right, exactly
Yesterday last time I checked it was Monday
Right
I should be doing nothing with my lips because those guys were gonna be sick
See there he goes again
Well they do have kind of big lips some of them fellas
Those folks
Those folks
Those evil doers
Here's Pompano, hello
Yes good morning Neil how are you doing?
I'm doing great
Okay, I've been down here about 11 years or so
And I haven't been up to New York in a little while
My friends who still live up there
And we grew up listening to WNEW
With Scott Muni and the Red for those people
Stations up there, Suck also
And at least three of the DJs from that station
Are now on a college radio station
And you be from Fordham
Wow
Dennis L.S.P.P.
Want to tell and Vince Kelsey
In order for them to be able to play some decent music
I'll be damned
So it's not only here it's all over the country
And it's just radio just sucks in general
You're right
And if you're not on the air
I'll listen to NPR and I'll listen to public radio
I'm good for you
And one other thing
Do you know what the real story is with Mo
With he let go or with the fire
Or did he leave the Jets or what's the deal there?
Oh the Jets I was talking about Westwood 1
I don't really know about that
I really don't know that's a good question
I know that Westwood 1 sent him packing
They didn't want him doing the Monday Night Games anymore
They said no thanks, don't call us, we'll call you
But the Jets thing I don't know, we'll have to check into that
Because yesterday he was going let's go raiders
Let's go raiders
It's just like he totally doesn't want anything to happen
Decent for the Jets or anything with New York
So it's just I'm just going to...
I'm sure he doesn't take it on his family members
When he sees them adorned with all their Jets paraphernalia
And I hope he doesn't get upset
Neil, have a wonderful day
Thank you too and back to you, thank you so much
Here's somebody we said
And here's another guy, John Moynihan did die
And here's a article by Gary Jackass
Panthers remember to answer Moynihan
Funeral services were held in Buffalo New York Saturday for a former WQM talk show host
And Florida Panthers radio analyst John Moynihan
Who died December 8th and 4th, Lauderdale at age 66
Moynihan, Moynihan, who had lung cancer, was cremated December 18th and queen of his brother Andrew
It was diagnosed in the spring after vacation to Costa Rica
Had been under hospice care since Thanksgiving
Moynihan came to QM from Phoenix in 1988
And was QM's first daytime talk show host
Joining in and joining somebody
So there you go, there's some more bad news John Moynihan never met him
But I heard he never stole a freight train, he's also dead
We're dropping like flies folks
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18t
And I'm sure the newspapers did a stellar job
Although at least Barry Jackass wrote a piece on it
As opposed to just an obituary like Mikey got
You see that Tom Jekker?
Barry Jackass wrote an article about it
Because it was a sports guy and he is on a sports page
Here's a guy that was a radio guy and you're supposed to be the radio TV writer in a sunsend
And you let the obituary guy write a piece
While you're busy writing another god damn puff piece
For some stupid network TV show that nobody gives a crap about
You shrimp, shrimp boats
Well whatever happened to him, you know
He must have had a real bad day at the track one day
And just has taken out the rest of his life on the world
1057 at 5, or maybe all that indigestion that he's had
But you know maybe that's getting to him too
Because how many times have I told you that?
But every time I used to have him as a gift
He just couldn't speak with a lot of belching and belching
And just puking his guts out
Hey guys, the new year is here
A few new years resolution is a high-paying computer career
Now is the time to act
Fast train is holding a free career seminar tonight
And it's Kendall Mime for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines locations
This is a free seminar called 1-866 fast train to reserve your seat
That's 1-866 fast train
Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job
Get out of that crappy dead end job and start making some cash
If you're overworked underpaid and are in a real sucky job
This could be the most important 15 minutes of your life
Next to getting laid
Fast train can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months
Call fast train 866 fast train
They've got convenient day evening and weekend classes waiting for you
Call 1-866 fast train to reserve your seat for tonight
For directions check them out on the web at fasttrain.com
Got it?
My name is Luke Holt
This is 420560
Broadway in New Haven
One-a-half unforced radio
My 60WP
The honorable Reverend Jerry Falwell
My friends, I'm sure that Hallibary is a doubly negris
In the fine actress, as well as Chuck Berry with his jungle music
But friends, I must speak out against the academies of brazing and colored folk
It's my understanding that the pop culture industry is perpetrated by homosexual Jews
It was them, and that Clinton, of course, who brought the tragedy of 9-11 a Paulus
Goal is angered by all who are not in the lackness of myself
All that's right is Christian and white
Now pull down your pants with me in prey
Dear Lord in heaven, help me find my penis
Thank you
11-11 at 560 WQM
The Mad Dog at the shulest today hanged through the 7
278 votes on the pool, what's your take on a Miami-Herald?
It panders so much which is to be entirely in Spanish under 19
It sucks 89
It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 44
There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semite 17
And it's a great newspaper, aye!
9, 9 votes
9 out of 278 say it's a great newspaper
And the rest of the rest of the other ones is on to them
Here's the entire article, Barry Jack S, which I'm not going to read it again
Just a couple of other sentences here
First QM daytime talk show is joining late-night host Ed Kaplan
He was the host on a late afternoon program to November 92
And he was moved to morning to make room for Hank Goldberg
Moynihan was later shifted to late nights before being dropped by QM in June 94
Moynihan, a big hockey fan, was also the Panthers' primary radio analyst at first season
But was replaced by LA and Chevrolet after one year
Why?
Who?
I don't know, some frog
John had a unique personality Panthers TV announcer Jeff Rimmer said Saturday
I enjoyed his company, we had a lot of fun together
He was always looking for that late-night coffee shop to have coffee and a cigarette
I wonder who bought the coffee, Rimmer?
Oh, I'm sorry
Now here, see, here's another guy who died not only from cigarette smoking and cancer but from the business
After his QM contract was not renewed, he brought airtime on Waxi 790 in 1995 and 6
Workers worked as a consultant in metropolitan markets and Windsor publishing
He lived in South Florida since 1998 but had not been employed in the past two years
And Rimmer, handset by telephone from Buffalo
He stopped smoking this year but smoking was a big contributor to cancer
He was a gregarious outgoing guy who had a good ability to interview people in encyclopedic mind
And always dead
Smoking number one, but number two, the radio business
It's killing us like flies man, we're dropping like flies from this business
And you people are killing us, I'll tell you that what he's awful calls today
God, just tragic, a sad, sad lacco substance
That's what we need is substance in this town
Put your hand on a radio, God damn it, say it, substance didn't help
Here's our first lady of the day from Weston, hello
Hello!
Yes, man
I'm the gamble because I didn't get a chance to read Miami Herald this morning
But do you ever read World Net Daily's online or Death Go Files?
No
Ever hear of them?
No
Okay, D.B.K.A. Death Go Files
supposedly Israeli intelligence they put out a newsletter every night
World Net Daily in that day
Why would I want to read that?
Okay, interestingly enough because the news on both of them
One is and is coming from Israel
The other one is World Net Daily
The editor is Joseph Fera who is a Arab Christian who lives in the United States
And they both cover things that come from totally different places
But so often they have the same story but from a different, not just the point
The point of view is almost always identical which is always what surprises me
But it's not written on the same one
And here we are getting ready to go to war with Iraq and here
You know, kind of which we don't even know whether it is in Iraq we know it's not in Arabia
But of course there are friends and we're not ready to do anything there
But they've been reporting that there was a huge terrorist attack in Algeria
And I did not see them laying me here all this morning but I knew as of yesterday
It was not in the Harold, more than I see it on CNN which of course we call certainly not news
So it's just curious to know one or whether you want something to say that?
I didn't see it
Okay
And have a great day
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 is it just me or is it me?
I was starting to get a little bit sour, you know what?
Pussy
A little bit, I'm a Hissie and Pussy, yeah
Remember Alan Pussy?
No
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale, hello?
Neil
Yes sir
I was very happy to hear the return of the restitution song today
Yeah
I heard George mention that we would never hear that again and I was very bummed out because it's one of my favorite
Why would you lie like that?
No it's true, you said that we wouldn't be hearing it if we wanted to get a copy we could come to Treasure Island
I said we were going to be selling it
Now you said we weren't going to be playing it
There wasn't a long period of time where you didn't play it, I figured maybe because you weren't allowed or...
Well let me ask you are you tracking the bits that we play how often we play them and the dates and the times you got like a log?
Yeah I got a log
Yeah that sounds like it in fact I thought I smelled something
Lincoln log
Yeah
But we will be hearing it
You just got through a hearing it
It was beautiful
Okay
God Almighty
See what I mean?
We'll be hearing whatever I want you to hear, okay? That's why they call it the Neil Rogers Show
5,6,7,0,5,60,0,5,60 on the EAD
See the problem with this town, this audience, this town is that things just drag on and drag on
It would be like having a discussion about alien again, yeah?
I mean some things are over, they run their course and we move on with life and now you know but this town is living in a dark age
Just like the tabloids that show up here like a week and a half after they show up everywhere else
Including in other countries
Even though they publish them like a few miles up the road there
It just doesn't make any sense to me
Here's Homestead, hello?
Neil
Yes sir
How are you?
Okay
Hey I've been noticing a lot of air is in our store buying a lot of water
Does they know something we don't know?
Here's sunrise, hello?
Yeah I've been noticing a lot of air
Sunrise
Yeah, yes sir
Tell me Neil
I'm a whole time entertainer
I want to know something about Toronto
In the corner of Young and Dundas, is there still a club there called the Brown Derby?
No
No
This was just when the subway was being built
No, what was that about 18 what?
Not 18
It was maybe 17
No more Brown Derby sir
No, alright, I enjoy your program
Okay, thank you so much
Young and Dundas, that's the Eden Center baby
The Eden Center was Young and Dundas
And James Mugs which is a really, it's a okay restaurant but they got that great Sunday brunch
I took Joe and his buddies there for a Sunday brunch at one morning when they were in TO
Had a wonderful time
And it's not like being here but
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
We are looking for some real material today and so far it's been
Wow
Heavy, heavy duty
If this is what it doesn't vote well for the new year I'll tell you that
Doesn't vote well for next Friday, we can Friday the 17 when those numbers come out
I think our fall book is going to be a death knell if you ask me
I mean I just go away for a couple of weeks on a well-deserved vacation
Not all that great anyway, those days in Amsterdam getting sick again in my
Unacceptable apartment with a bad air and a mildew in the mold and all day a dank crap
And anybody who missed my show last Thursday and Friday, Amsterdam used to be a wonderful place
But you know, I don't know why I feel so bad about saying that because Detroit used to be a wonderful place too
That was a long time ago and now it's a toilet
And that's what they were allowing Amsterdam to become
A dump
Not to mention the fact that my apartment is unfit for human habitation
So when I go back the hotel son really nice over there, nice five-star hotels
They got a nice shower, they got a nice comfortable bed that's a real bed
Split level toilet?
No, not even a split level toilet like a real toilet like a real flush thing
In fact, I feel a little flush right now
Nine minutes past 11 at 560WQAM
Yeah, I think Rimmer oughta tell us who used to pay for the coffee in the donuts when he and one hand used to go out
Well, do we have to gasp?
Do we really have to wax?
Yes, he had told me that at one of our 80 million phone calls while I was in Toronto that one hand passed away
But here it's like everybody seems to be oblivious, they just they don't care about anybody or anything
You know?
Even like yesterday when I said this before but I'm still a little bit depressed about mad dog and his almost just
Loving over the over near-and-eerie death. I mean we worked together. He was a good guy. He was at least a in the industry friend
And it was like yeah, now let's talk about that ball game again
Yeah, I just don't get it. There are more important things in life than ball games mad dog
No, there are. Oh, that's right. Sorry. I forgot where I was.
Now if it was a hockey game, don't forget Red Wing's in the Panthers tomorrow night at the Mac Arena. Any interest?
No.
How I'll tell you a place that you're really going to want to go see and that's the brand new pizza loft in plantation right behind that drifter on the corner sunrise in Abhil
Behind wall greens. I'm going to say wall greens again. I'm tired of boycotting them.
Huh?
Well, I can't run my whole life based on other people's personal problems. You know, or employment problems. I just can't do that anymore.
I go to bat for people that I like and I do my best for them, but other than that I got to like I like that wall greens.
Even though some of the people were there maybe assholes, maybe the new managers and asshole. Anyway right behind that wall greens on Abhil and Sunrise is the brand new pizza loft.
There are no assholes in there except maybe some of the customers and Jeff puts up with them because he don't care. He'll take your money.
As long as you got some cash, he'll give you a stash away to good food. In fact, maybe give you a stash to something else.
If you play your cards right at the world famous pizza loft, the best pizza going in town, three different kinds of pizza, the finest garlic rolls ever made by man.
And all your Italian goodies with big fresh portions, teeny tiny low prices. They do a great job of catering or fist parties, home events, any kind of holidays coming up. What's the next holiday coming up? Martin Luther coon day.
Isn't that the 15th?
20th. Like I said, 20th. They'll probably cater a feast for that too. Maybe they'll bring in some special maybe we have like pizza with the chitlins.
Anyway, for take out our delivery at the Davy Pizza loft, which is on university, between Griffith and 595 and a pizza loft, plies to be on Pier 1 imports.
For there, call 95491688, that's the original Broward Pizza loft 95491688, that brand new and right behind wall greens that I said.
The a number for take out and delivery and catering, etc. is 954-382-1999. 954-382-1999, don't forget the nightly special, so you and the whole family and the whole gang can eat at a pittance of a price at the world famous pizza loft.
Now with two great Broward locations.
Flies pot in Florida.
Okay.
And he don't know why he's holding badly. He's got skid marks. His breath is rancid and he's a slot. Jesus Christ.
His bio is wretched wretched and sick and named lives with his parents. He don't have no job. He's nothing that you want.
He's nothing that you need. You don't want him inside of you. Don't need wish he could be. He says all the wrong things and exactly the wrong time.
He means nothing to you but he don't know why.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
That's the first ball, the bachelor priest won man, 25 boys, who will get the final candy bar.
Who will get the final candy bar. There will be a chunky, let's, here's open part, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Rodney Did You Make Corn? What is what does that mean? Oh, just I'm Did You Make Corn?
you're the Jamaican I see who's the they yeah
the poll with the business really great man the poll without a bit in the
college
but you know the colors have no let me ask you how long you've been working on this
phony voice
the car have not long enough
five six i think i think that was reverend jones now that i come right
down with doing a really desperate attempt
at a phony voice boy this guy's got some repertoire money
five six now what's the deal of these uh... other ones not from a place
not a bit of the industry right now there just don't care anymore
because i'm reaching that point to today this is one of those days you just
market off on account or well you know yesterday we had a okay show is
all of the press because was about my community dying
why me wasn't completely about that but
but that was a topic but i mean was it okay show is shows go
but today just ain't gonna happen
on and and speaking of that speaking of it can happen what those remember one
hey uh... just your practice of holding forever
man was can
can that
man was concerning with the enemy this morning on fox sports that we
understand
at least they call you wanted to talk a little after hockey i understand i said
that
okay they want to talk a little after hockey but still concerning with the
enemy in fact uh... we might start on you mo junior
well you know how you know is that just skates right on by
well you are made to say anything you want
i'm available to talk at any time but anyway you know i'm sure
you're calling for some material
and i know this is a hockey show
you know something you know you you're from that expressed about putting the
final nails and somebody's coffin that's what i're doing right now
i might well go ahead we'll see i'm sure i know you want to notice
information because you do care but a good friend of yours just became a
coach in the national hockey league
again
of the friend of mine
dot McLean is fired day king
yet miserable performance last night and i heard on cherry
and he's not having a lot of your day but i'm going to coach himself
yeah
i just thought you'd like to hear that
well that's pretty exciting
well you said you wanted some material is that not news is that not new news
and you're breaking the story because the new conference is at eleven thirty
that's pretty heavy and fact made me look at other call from colombas from
those Ohio state punts that were called last week
well listen when dot coach the panthers as you know there was a great deal of
interest in the hockey game he's got a potty mouth man i know all about him
he's got a potty mouth
he's given up on it and you don't like Marty struck either was got twelve
goals as part of missing half the season within the community like very
with me that's good i see he had an assist last night on their only goal
and my my slender scorted
exactly yeah
cn i'm talking to the things rumor and how come you didn't what you did tell me
about more than that's really a shame
i told you about john and then of course you got me about an hour and a half
ago
saying i'll remember told me that but who knows if it's true well i mean the fact
is that people people in the people in the media here people in the media here
pass away and the way that the media uh... treats them is like uh... chop
liver like we were like they're not even human beings
well john monehan was a different kind of guy he was with us the first year he
did the color of what christmore i could on q a m and uh... he was always looking
for that place to go out of cigarette a couple of people that night or two a
and who paid for it
i didn't know
i was a type of a fire
i don't think i think i think i like to sleep sometimes or smoke cigarettes
exactly okay
i'm not a material i just want to give you that information okay rumor
i see i
go panthers
okay we're leaving now
don't you think that would be a good time to go home
let's do a little transmitter maintenance
dogma clan coach of the Columbus straight jacket and general manager
guy we like dog a lot
like we would you like and like cylinder
and the sissy space that
and a lot of guys who just work enough to play for mister both i here in the
previous
uh... organization
but uh... the path is still fun in their way along in spite of the youthful
and each of the team
and the micena's the hell of a job i've got an iron mic
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty at the eighteen on the uh... whatever it
is at the end of the rise of our last line i'm actually want a great job
brine series is doing a pomp and a part of it and yesterday's continuing
last night
how does a pistol
and he's driving pretty good to that's gone brine
this is weak man this is just how did this happen where did this come from
what do you mean you have a short memory what do you think you stop taking
calls and doing the bedtime stories
but we're not going back to that
i mean i've got some
i've got some stuff here that i will eventually get to like britney gets
and superman actor rea vlands back in smallville Christopher w
he's uh...
going to be doing it with carcass
eight is enough star under suicide watch pradam rich
looking a little bit on the
grubby side to and then of course when i talked about the eight is enough thing
right away George remember because i mentioned williams who's in this little
picture and williams and i said whatever happened all those guys got bail
williams they all like vanished and i even like grades the movies and come to
find out that williams found the lord i guess
yes or least on some kind of a scam well him and what says uh... allen thick was
either i can't stand all in thick you know allen thick is married to uh... her
name is uh... kim zimmer
ok is riva on guiding light all i forgot to take guiding light again i'm
never gonna remember that
i'm gonna miss that whole day i'm sure because channel four such a much of
assholes that they put that obnoxious doctor fill on at three and after an
instead of taping guiding light and putting it on there at the regular time
where guiding light fans love that for all of your death another story keep
t-zone and speaking assault operas what story the doctor fill in bandy
or i got that but forget about that
passions today a must see all you people out there watch passions today is one
of the great episodes in history best mother is just the greatest acting
job in history that's all i want to tell you i want to run for you the double
wedding
or least it's supposed to be the double wedding
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the a and t line we have one
call it's in for a lot of them are going to music hello
i don't know if you know if you're a bit of a problem a little bit nervous
at the time of the day i was cruising around where live off of a factor
between uh... forty seconds and uh... fifty seconds you know that's what the
focus hang out yeah and i'm a single guy so i like you know i don't mind
putting you know
uh... you know
but
well let's see happy new year niel and orhases this fact i know you can't come
at but uh... that this is the spot makes you want to drive off the uh... what
does the spot
maybe they're talking about the eyes there uh... uh... that thing
time hollywood p.s. more bedtime stories in whitewater they'll still eats
beagle last that's what we're hearing
ray the printed heralds trash have you ever compared with the daily english
your princess important front page news and what the span of share prints
is important same day front page news to completely different opposite views
of the world we live in
one a printed view of me was gossip news crap individuals
or english only readers and the other
a printed view of me was gossip news and crap individuals are Spanish only
a expansion english readers
start a seven of your show that compares the everyday front pages of the
herald and al nuevo herald for your list news to be a great community service
now
ray most comat is more than you know and chromaity doing the marlin games i hope it's
true
chromaity doing the play by play and you know during the color commentary it would
be the best and the goldmine for the arranges to
chromaity doing the play by play
right
and this goes on happy new year nails anybody heard from josegaek it says here
we heard from jose a matter of fact that's a good question
all right
i know the football game that i must have been hard on him i hope he in the other
screaming maniac he does the games with didn't pull a heaven's gate following the
game
it may be time to go to two days we could come to be a set for these phone calls
Greg read is a mole on it says yeah you're right this is this is a shocker to me
but you know something i don't care anymore
i'm not going to go through this whole song and answer all gee what was me i
don't care just take me that check twice a month and if we get a one share
and that there's not you can't make stake out a chicken crap we can't do it
and remember for all of his good intentions there nobody can't i keep trying to
tell you nobody cares about hockey in this town
nobody and there'll be a big set out there tomorrow night or close to it
because he twice coming in and you know it'll be the usual crap and they'll be
on their cell phones and they'll have five thousand phony red wing fans and
maybe five hundred real ones that'll be the same stuff as always nothing ever
changes
you're right how i survived those shows i must have been i must have been on acid
somebody must have been spiking my cool aid i just it's amazing to me that i
just clotted i survived the goddamn hockey shows not that they were bad shows
but it's like it's like some of how the hot in or pull man there's no market for
it you can't do it you're force feeding it
and this man continues because of the fact that he's the play by play god for the
panthers it continues to
delude himself into believing that everybody shares his and my enthusiasm
for the greatest sport in the world and they don't not hear
we're not in Toronto way i wish now i was and i'm sure so i'll do
he doing the leaf games but he's not man this is just it's hopeless trying to
force feed people something that they absolutely they just uh
what for whatever reason i guess because in hockey there's just the i mean you know they
bang the crap out of each other but there's not enough
ass grabbing you never see a hockey player not
tonneau tight pants so you can't pat a gun he asks with all that padding
you can't get the feel of it and you can't get the look of it
raw ho ho top-ready with those tight pants on and that jogs that cup
man here's for a lottery hello
no you're talking about uh well he aims yes i was flipping to channels the other day and uh
he's now bible man well i never i never finished that story right
yeah so i guess he's some point but the but they we looked at the website this
morning i guess he's lost even that gig bible man's going bye bye
i was he back is he off the wagon four really
yeah have a good one now okay i think maybe he's working up with scott bail again
five six seven oh five sixty let's get these back to his awake in a lot come on
come up with some material just make some up if you want
christall mighty what a dead ass place and and like i say it's a lot better when i do
the show out of town because i because i don't get this feel i don't get this
uh feel of creeping death you can smell it here
there must be a window cracked in the other room somewhere because you can
it's coming right through the window it's either that or from that old
yet to farm we got next door we got one of those wind more palm air kind of
places next door to our building here where the youngest ages a hundred and
ten so it was either them or more that left that glass with the teeth in it on
the account of when i came in this morning maybe it was mo
twenty six past his polident cocktail yeah it was fizzing though
twenty six past eleven at five sixty w a m hey listen why not kick off the new year by doing
something good for you your back and your health by calling our good friends add
down a mattress and guaranteeing yourself a great night sleep tonight and every night
for a long time to come call one eight hundred mattress m a t t r a s and
down a mattress will have you sleeping like a baby all year long they carry the finest
mattress is made on a planet celi certa cimmons king core than a curiamet every
size and style ever invented when you call one eight hundred mattress you'll talk to a
betting expert who knows their crap they'll hook you up with the perfect bet for you
and you're back in the way you like to sleep they've got what you want in stock now
no funny sales nobody didn't switch like the apartment stores then when you order
you new bet from dollar mattress they'll have it there on time when you want the very same day
not uh... whatever the hell they feel like it you get to choose the date in the time dollar
mattress price itself on their ninety nine percent on time record which is just one reason
why they're ranked first overall for customer satisfaction in the world so do with all the smart
people they were q m have been doing Miguel George and yours truly i guess that's the smart
people that's it calls out on mattress right now pull free they'll be there in no time at all
one eight hundred mattress m a t t r e s for dot on mattress the perfect way to start off the new year
five and a local this is five cities the radius of yours
uh...
sorgasms i think for this is former vice president aligur you may have noticed i picked up
the temple somewhat my cadence is punchier and more upbeat the timber in my voice more positive
and confident this being radio you can't see the swagger in my walk but trust me it's there
but i you certainly heard i will not be running for president in two thousand four let me tell you what
i'm not on drugs not don't have a drinking problem although i still like a good belt of bourbon
more than occasionally now friends since my parents on third-hand love i've decided to take
another direction in life i never realized i was the damn funny for the first time in my life
people are actually laughing with me and not at me so i'm going to become a cent of comedian
i've already been booked at the ha ha so i a new part richie florida and yaks and link us
to our principal vania initially i'll be performing with other funny men i'm on the bill with
Jeff Foxworthy thin blood Elaine Boothler and Judy Tannuna who plays the squeet's box
obry tiny the old guard Lieberman tour bus with smiley places and the math with comedy and
tragedy who knew i was so damn funny i've also taken having sex publicly with tipper good times
flee you on the road the road of laughter it's 1131 at 560 wqam couple of good things happened
while i was on vacation cardinal law resigned finally out under tremendous public pressure that
was number one number two algoruses he's not going to run in 2004 even better news
and how do you like to bunch it out see i like john carry a lot i don't know if he can win because
he's liberal he's from astatucids i don't think he can win that's the problem but dick ebhart oh my
god what are we talking about john edwards from your state north kira line he's about his bland
is tapioca who else uh july brumman they're still talking about that yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a lady in Miami hello
i need yes ma'am uh Kim Zimmer is not married talent thick she's not no he's married to some guy
named ac weary oh well who's married to Alan thick some i think used to be married to glory
alluring she used to be on days of our life oh that's right that's right well i knew
was some soap opera broad but guiding light still blows even i watch it every day it does yes well thank
god i'm not missing anything bye guiding light blows is what she said well and i feel a lot better don't
forget passions today on NBC two to three you don't want to miss that if you're a passions person
even if you're not that woman it plays betz mother i i know she must have a name she's one of those
people that they never referred her by name on the show she must have a name you know but we don't
know what it is maybe somebody our audience knows what it is since we have such a big passions viewing
audience out there we got one call left again see i will not do this i will absolutely not continue
doing this i am definitely going to music i think starting tomorrow if this audience doesn't want
to take advantage of the golden opportunity we don't have to talk about ball games on this show we
don't know i think rimmer finally like i said put the last three nails in thanks a lot rimmer
you're buying and he's buying for the peat for me at the pizza lot see always we like to go in places
where the sponsors where we don't have to pay i don't like that too because then i don't have to
buy either because i'm i'm gonna start that's my new year's resolution during this year i'm
gonna be just as cheap as he is well i'm gonna start working on it okay five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a tnt long me just did i and rise and wireless oh and speaking of that
he calls me yesterday at home rimmer to tell me that he was thinking and i'm glad that he
that vested himself of the idea of calling somebody to him that mucky had died and encouraging
the call in the show to say some words about rinry you know who it was let me give you a clue
long me just did us and i said i'm so glad you didn't do that
because if there's anybody we don't want to hear from especially the sad time like that it's
Larry hunchback suspended phony is a eighty dollar bill king here's key largo hello
deal yes sir i wish i would put on rims you know i understand the appeal of those old shows was
you abusing him what you people the old rims you know shows was you abusing him on on the air
yeah and the other thing is i'm sorry i missed him because i've only for five years to call him again
about the future considerations when we got christ well remember all the prop again about the future
can five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a tnt and for rise and wireless line here's
pompato beach hello hi nale yes sir listen i just turned you on so if you went over this i
apologize but the sun sun will finally go around the right and about micranny i know it was a little
little crappy obit and it wasn't an article by jica or anybody that writes about radio or tv and it
was a pretty weak and was almost stolen almost verbatim from the herald that day before oh boy i
didn't read the herald i just saw it today i why listen to yesterday i know you were mentioning that
you haven't seen anything in the sunset yeah i know they finally got around to it today now there
are no hurry you know it's like everything else they eventually get around to something thanks
thanks see that's what i said like before when you have the luxury of being a monopoly well so we
didn't get the news today we'll put it in there tomorrow see when you're in a competitive market like
in the good old days when it used to be real newspaper competition when american people were
intelligent enough to read a newspaper while in those days it was like uh... you know tooth and
nail let's get it in before the deadline and beat the competition you know it was really uh...
wonderful business missus wallis
that's her name that's her name no no she's got a first name i know her name is missus wallis
but she certainly must have a first name no i think luise has called her by the first
somebody has not just missus wallis i mean that could be like linda missus kevin wallis
by the way linda your horse is still running from last night
nice driving ram five six seven oh five sixty pound five i mean why do you pull in the pocket like
before the three quarter pull on a horse that's uh... the favorite and go to win the race eventually
anyway dav what are you doing there angry ram now let's start with that pompadopar stuff now they're
very uptight and sensitive there and then walli will be calling walli hennessey nice going again a
that last race walli killed me here's my amy hello any idea okay um
was really you know that he had to be older sixty i mean that's according to the number is not
yet yeah he was not older than sixty he was not he was not any in an addition to which let me
ask you this what differences that make i just want to just struck me as i know what i mean
i'm asking in what difference does that make not none in particular thank you
see leave it to this time you know i had to dump remember yesterday i had to dump three calls
from people saying grotesque ever and things about a guy who just died now i can understand
who was a guy who just died who was a guy who was hated or you know a guy who was controversial
i could almost understand that but this is a guy who is pretty much liked by the people who
listen to him and you know a lot of people thought he was a old style or whatever and they listen
to somebody else but it wasn't somebody that you uh... dislike where that was controversial
and yet in this time because this is the city of hate because there's so many like this last
you know again that's ancient news what differences it make how old he was he's dead
you jackass five six seven oh i'm telling you that you can't complain about the class of the
people this time because they don't have any in fact let's do research on it let's let's check
the internet in fact why don't we check the age of somebody who's still alive that would be a
better idea i don't want to mention no names why don't we check the age of somebody who's still
alive who might be lying about his age who might be a lot older than you like you to think i'm
not thinking of anybody a particular George you know i'm saying i have like anybody special in mind
but i have a feeling i answered the question it's something that's just something to do kill
some time in his town like a woman kill some people well we can do that too
five and speak out women boy i tell you let's do the lady in sunrise see if we have a real
lady call her hello hi male how are you okay happy healthy new year i'd like to thank you i wanted
to know just as a gossipy thing what do you think sandy patented so i didn't you want say that
that she didn't treat him well as something when he was fired
member old sandy patented yeah did anybody say anything about that he didn't treat him well i don't
remember that yeah you would want to say that oh that's right you're right because it's a matter of
fact for a million years yeah that's right because the two of them supposedly when she worked
that were very tight you know sugar cookie sugar cookies yeah and then she had she turned on him
because she was a rat she's a real rat i wondered if what what she had i still i still think she's
hiding in bishop's body somewhere at least she'll keep it away from Dwight uh uh uh uh
meanwhile she's got the last laugh he inherited a fortune happy healthy new year's i love you bye bye
how do you like that and of course you know what they said about and you remember what Dwight
Lottardale said it takes forever to get that taste and smell how do you system back them
i still out as long as i live i'll never forget that great day
where we were lucky enough to get the videotape i don't want to say who brought us that gale that the
gale bright that videotape but from channel 10 when they were doing that now what what was the story
about as a matter of fact what about you it was a piece about me but for what reason was it like
my 25th anniversary or something yes whatever and so channel 10 and we appreciate it very much
because at least the two or three of the tv stations did a piece 25 years on the air he's still a
prick he's still a fact and the thing for channel 10 somebody blew the editing over there and they
put stuff on the air that was like not supposed to be on well apparently gale was in charge of the
editing oh was she really thought you were saying something else oh if she still there yes oh thank
goodness we like you like you was an honest mistake do we believe her no no she probably did
intentionally good nice work gale and so they're playing this piece about 25 years on the air
and he's okay and they go to the tape of me and i'm sitting here waiting and raving and i'm talking
about a Greg he's eating ass he's talking about eating ass on the air and they're playing this on
channel 10 and of course all of a sudden we fade from the picture and there's white sitting there
with his eyes bulging out of his head like a boofo toad well he sure is a controversial huh and
then they go out of the next story real quick trying to i mean just speechless for like moments
they're speechless did he really say he's talking about eating ass did he say that yes and
there it is on channel 10 news and of course from that moment is when we discovered that twice
big into eating ass right which is why he shaved off that mustache because it got in a way
and was vision about it and then of course he died and after that he didn't have to worry about
all that belly it can maybe he'll grow it back and the mustache too nice going Dwight i never
watch channel 10 news i like dawn no but i certainly don't like their news do you like channel
10 news you know what i can't decide what i want i always flip i'm still stuck on channel 4 news
and i don't know i guess it's caused bob sopers there who cover the state of florida my way to
i hope he's not upset in fact bob soper should have called us two about mike dying you know what
it just dawned on me maybe bob's pissed off at me because of the fact i mentioned how fatty got
he's covering a whole state of florida on the weather man bob will always love you or we love bob
soper and the Susan two are kind of people good people and of course he's one of the fat people
which is also why i like it you know us fat folks stick together look at all the fat people we like
like look how fun you are judge freeman 1141 and 560 and how fun i am a fat boy 19 till noon all
we do like hoolie or fat engineer he's a great guy see so goes to show and all fat people are
assholes hey guys the new year is here if your new year's resolution is a high-paying computer
career now is the time to act fast train is holding a free career seminar this evening at its
Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke pines locations it's a free seminar what do you got to
lose except your crappy dead end job call 1 866 fast train to reserve your seat that's 1 866 fast
train make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job if you're overworked if you're
underpaid if you're stuck at a really crappy job this could be the most important 50 minutes of
your life you'd be spending fast train can have you certified already for that dream job in just
four short months call fast train toll free at 866 fast train they've got convenient day evening
weekend classes for you call 1 866 fast train to reserve your seat for this evening for
directions you can check them out on the web if you like it fast train dot com
205 16 UAM
yeah a 35 team
and I don't even hear you anymore oh there's no rejoin for that I hit the wrong button
so in other words what you hear is what you get I have just tasted your snapper
oh hey yeah
oh
oh
got your sniffles and a family ring
day
that's not enough because I'm a virgin wearing the G string
day
if the world don't know I want it to be known
and now I'm hotter than yesterday the buds of playground but still way
I'll bet you know what I'll be piercing
welcome 14th year of the moon at 560 WQM Brittany a canned
says the star I'm not even going to dignify your appearance with a comment okay bokeh
bokeh Brian just came in here looking like a jopechian drag
fault people wear lots of hats or is that it he's wearing his mafioso stepson or whatever the
hell it is today at his thrift store jacket which I'm envious that's not a bad jacket as a matter of fact
six bucks what what it's on eat too good but the jacket looks pretty good
got that chicken neck flapping again today in fact but maybe we can have a flapping contest
we can have mocha man here and flap his vericoes veins while
bokeh Brian flaps his chicken neck are you back and you're already carlos I thought you left
already bokeh Brian came in and take your seat never gets out of here you're right taking
a half an hour just to get his crap together so many it is toothbrush and his list of reins
ran his little computer manual no one think about carlos he means well but every single piece of
advice he's giving me about my computer has been crap the ad aware did that do anything no then
the thing about getting my my internet explorer unscrewed up didn't work oh no what tells that
look at that oh did they steal those from the morning show we got a whole bunch of muskrats now
well I wish we had a muskrat ramble I'd play it what where did those come from the ranch
look at that those are lovely in fact I guarantee if you leave those in the studio for the
morning show he'll be wearing those over the weekend I'm gonna wear them there's no joy of Pepsi
and Britney Spears life and not since the soda giant hired destiny's child beauty
Beyonce Knowles what's on count of a name is Beyonce Beyonce will Beyonce to replace her as
their spokeswoman oh I despise destiny child they make me think child they make me just want
a puke Britney's ticked off says an insider she heard from some friends and see they talk about
perpetuating ugly stereotypes what what destiny's child is is that that's what they're all about aren't they
death in each child I mean just their whole approach is if somehow black people that's you
Georgia's got the old muskrat pea signing look like Daniel Boone on a bad day Britney's ticked
off says an insider she heard from some friends in Pepsi they were replacing her for Beyonce
because they wanted someone more family friendly the truth is the 21 year old pop divas images
changed drastically since she signed her Pepsi contract for months her behavior has been rude and
crude all right and her partying out of control she even flipped the finger at fans before that
concert Mexico City last summer all right and the recent revelation by her ex boyfriend instincts
in her just in timber like 21 that she's not in pure and chased as she made herself out to be
didn't help either I guarantee she's chased by every guy with a penis every straight guy and even
a couple of faggots Justin's been hinting that Britney was unfaithful during their relationship and
that she's not a virgin nonsense a friend on top of that a star a star recently reported sources
claimed Britney cheated on Justin with Ben Affleck oh yeah we're buying that aren't we no she's
not the type of girl parents want their kids looking up to it says this article I guess you'd
probably like to be looking up to her but that's another story for another day lots of openings
on that phone 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line 348 votes on the pool what's
your take on the Miami Herald 13 cents a great newspaper 19 people say there are a bunch of virulent
anti-semites 56 cents the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 114 said it sucks and 146 it's
panders so much it should be entirely in Spanish is what this audience including yours truly says
especially in the wake of that ridiculous article about the prank call and you notice we have
an ad one person call us today who said that they listen to WSDJ or hojo for railroad and in
wk Santos or have any idea what that's all about and yet in the English language here
there it is on the front page like it's a big story that all of us in the community really give
a flying crap about which we don't more the same it's just it's just never as again you know see
these people either one or two things if they've been beaten down and brow beaten with this crap
so much that they just have given up they threw it in the towel or they're just a bunch of simmering
uh... a simmering weeklings kind of like that idiot Greg from ports a loosely simmering weekling
i think that's a perfect way to describe him simmering 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless
here's weston hello hey Neil how you doing okay good i just want to know if you saw the
interview with Miriam O'Fonton a set no today a little change at topic here no if i was here at
fact machine i attended to you but it talks about how she has to double the fee each of the cities
overseas their elections so that she can afford to maintain the high quality standards that
they've come to expect it right yeah i mean i thought i was kind of humorous other than her skin
color i'd like to hear fifty thousand reasons why that woman still has her job i'd like to hear one
all as a matter of fact that was another great thing that happened while i was away david layhi
resigned in date that's a good start now let's move right on to broward yeah but i don't ever happen
as long as they get the nca double a whatever the nc double a in the p right yeah those people
anyway have a good day happy to hear and say hi to Miriam elephant okay thanks how do you like that
she still got the job i mean is incompetent as the day is long and she still be having the job
kind of reminds me of that traffic when we used to have over there at paxen five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T it's called having a job for life is what that's called
and for eyes on wireless line here's my me hello
fort lauderdale hello hello yes sir
you know how are you okay wow that was a quick bit there you really are a little
low on your light on the call today huh low we i'm begging and pleading all day all day i'm
i'm gonna pull out the remote here and change the channel for a second i need to vent about
stupid these people are down here in the the south floor area if you have one minute to listen to
yeah i uh i work for a company i'm not going to go into great detail that uh provide the service
for houses and uh the guy calls and goes oh yeah you know we got broken into so i need your
service to come out here and uh alarm my house for me so we'll just leave it at that
so i you know i jump on my horse and i run right out there you know i'm on a commission
basis i need to make a few bucks i get out there i drive 20 minutes to get there and i go oh
you know what my wife signed the contract yesterday with another company we don't need you
i said look you just told me to come around here you gave me directions here you gave me the time
to be here right you know there's a half stupid are these freaking people i'd still as freaking ass
well now you know what i just uh just uh the place sucks amen good luck to pal i hope you win the
lottery what's the lottery up to now and aren't they are they doing a lot of be twice a week now
or something is it Wednesday and Saturday what when when you're shaking your head like this if
anybody i know ought to be playing the lottery it's you poor people shouldn't play the lottery
but mid-cher says that if he ever wins the big one he might have given me some of that money back
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
dog McLean new coach of the Columbus straight jackets fired Dave King
anybody here no here's plantation hello hey deal yes sir i was on hold yesterday i was trying to
get through and i fortunately had to go to work i'm sorry but i wanted to comment because i know
you're saying like though i i was on hold when the one guy was calling and saying that crap about
renewing you know the bad stuff yeah the thing it pisses me off is you know they just say
something bad about like mole like that's for instance like i hope mougat's cancer in his ass
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
like i said better you than me as far as live in here man better you than me this is a toilet
this is a festering sewer of nincompoops of imbecils simple dins misfits losers
the end of thaws and these people i don't want to start getting into an ethnic thing but the very
people that keep running around saying hey we made Miami what it is today i got news for you
if i was responsible for making Miami what it is today i keep it a secret
you know what i'm saying yeah i'd go into hiding somewhere if i was responsible in any way
shape or form for making this town into the toilet and divisive and hateful place that it is
today i keep it a real secret here's hollywood hello
hello yes sir okay it's ron from Toronto how you doing how's it going hey
well this shift our attention to to Toronto our real town right yeah uh tell me uh what news
baby do you read in Toronto the star or the whole world i read the sun is my favorite even though
their politics are obnoxious to me but it's an excellent newspaper especially the sports
and are we the star and then i'll read the globe and mail in the national post i'll read all four of
them but i i like the sun and the star every day okay uh if you've been to the air canada setter
recently recently no okay what do you think half the fans there in the in the main section down
below the the the expensive seats where are they during the game half the time you you look at the
game they're all yeah well unlike maple leaf gardens where they used to get back in the seats
i mean before the beginning of the next period i mean religiously air canada center is good
hallways are so narrow that when they go out there to get their beers and their food and everything
that's difficult to get back right away so the the first three four minutes of each period those
expensive platinum seats are empty in a place looks like i go i don't like the ambiance in that
place at all to be honest with it's not even a shadow of me believe gardens i mean the raptors
two are really thinking out the joints so i mean it's unbelievable i mean our teams are comparable to
yours the raptors well what do you mean about what do you mean by that the leaves are having a good
season after that bad start they got forty five points what do you believe in about well when i
when i'm not complaining about the leaves but uh... you can't complain about your your team either
your team up here is is done very well
yeah the difference being that up there they sell out every game with stanny remolian here nobody
cares that's the difference the range of the room now even when they still don't care except
that one weekend they don't care how far talk talk radio do you listen to any i don't i have never
turned the radio other than listen to a leaf scheme on a radio one time in a playoff when i was
taping Joe bow and last year i have never turned my radio on in toronto ever once we have a guy
a bob mccown he's our most uh... popular guy on the fan five i think he sits in vegas though
does his uh... show from vegas while talking about toronto i thought about doing the same thing sitting
in toronto and do you show sitting in toronto and do my show what uh... you know your floor to show but
up in toronto i mean you could do the same thing i know that all the time run i do that like half of
the year often toronto yeah i've never heard of that way can i get it on the wall how often you
and it's on this station on this station it's every day okay how often do you listen to this show run
uh... well i'm only down here for about a month i see is your mom still uh... where she was before
she's still the same yeah okay maybe i mean i think development development oh my god well go and give
her a bit kiss for me okay okay you and me okay see around eight okay whoa
wow and hitler's got a bad headache is what i'm here at the nice job eight off save us all the trouble
good golly miss molly and president lincoln's got a bad headache and George Washington just chopped
out a tree and they've lincoln's just went to fly a kite which i think is what i'm about ready to do
man this is a real fly opener today i'll tell you three minutes till noon at five sixty w to
you and we got three hundred and sixty one votes on the poll though and they're not too fond of the
herald thirteen people say it's a great newspaper and the rest of basically a one way to save
to the herald okay screw you bastards at the herald is what we say i'll tell you place where you
can go get away from all of this and that's a place where you can just pick out like crazy the
emerald coast chinese buffet whether you're big whether you're small whether you're fat as a cow
it doesn't make any difference because everybody loves great fresh food and that's what you find at
the emerald coast they have three locations for you they're in sunrise north by me beach and now
the newest location in prestigious pembork pines sturch your mouth watering experience with some
or all of their six delicious soups then they've got dozens and dozens of suckers on phrase for you
to munch on and we're not just talking oriental goodies all kinds of good stuff there's oriental
surf and turf on the weekends and new york strip steak made the order of the gourmet center that's
a sizzling asian grill featuring teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood hand carb prime rib the
emerald coast pro was healthy living there's no cornstarch no msg no crap they use only cholesterol
free oils and all of their cooking and then the faith features a full salad bar a new suci bar
and a fresh room cocktail an emerald coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators
and lobster bisque and of course at the emerald coast we always advise you to take along that crowbar
or just stick your hand down in your pants and pull it away in the waistline too so you have a
little room left for dessert because the dessert bar is great with pies and cakes and pastries
ice cream without your favorite toppings and fresh truth they even always be having water melon
at the earmoat coast so whether you're dark light in between no matter what the deal is they welcome
you with open arms and legs three locations sunrise pine island or 44th street colonza
but it's just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of flamingo and pebbrook
road in pebbrook pines they accept reservations take on the living available to for delivery for
uh... whatever call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 that's 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 be sure and check out the new oriental
chicken seller tell that skippy sent you by for big feast at the emerald coast Chinese buffet
hello it needed 12 the one hour on wq a
the
full
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
Now there ain't no more again
Though I would not feel the most fool
And I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and more gay union
Just born in an stroken away
Boy, baby, kill me, you're not my type
You sound like a nine-year-old kid
Ehh!
Only a macho-melly guy
You don't know this!
That makes me flip my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest bainey nose
Inside his pimpley rear end
No, I would not be a sport home
Now!
If I was not the closet of faith
That's why a ginger and more gay union
Would make me feel dizzy and gay
Everybody follow my thousand balls
Yeah, a ginger and more gay union
Would make my sorrows bony ass feel safe
If we had a ginger and more gay union
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped
Did the 203-560 WQA and that's number one with a bullet
And we just played it the first time
373 votes on a poll
What's your take on a hero?
13 people, 3.4% say it's a great newspaper
There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites 20
It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 63
It sucks 123
And if panders so much
It should be entirely in Spanish 154 got their thumb right on it
You're absolutely correct
8 is an upstar under suicide watch
After he's busted again on DUI charge
4 more 8
Why is it that all of these people?
Not all of them, but most of them
All of these former child stars
They wind up just going to hell on a hand casket
They just drugs and booze
And what is that all about?
Because they grill up people treating them like they're hot crap
When they just happen to be a cute kid
When they happen to be just crap?
Right
4 more 8 is enough child star Adam Riches
Suicide left his recent arrest on a charge of DUI
A friend reveals
Adam is deeply depressed
He feels he has nothing left to live for, said the friend, the pal
Adam sat in jail for hours because no one would bail him out
Not even members of his own family who've had it with him
The only one who wanted to bail him out was his TV dead Dick Van Patton
Who felt bad because he hadn't been able to help Adam find work
Rich 34 in a relation to Fat Rich
Who played cute Nicholas Bradford
Who has been played by drug problems for years
In 1980, under one treatment for cocaine addiction
The following year he nearly died of an overdose of valium
In 1992, he entered drug rehab after pleading no contest to felony charges
And drug charges
Fully burglary rather
Two years ago after he did not understand and rehabbed the urging of friend Charlie Sheen
Rich told the inquirer that after the show ended in 1981 he got into a drug whirlwind
His latest arrest came in the early morning of December 18
When Rich crashed his 2002 Chrysler Seabring through a construction barricade
On a freeway in Pomona, California
And nearly rear-ended a highway patrol car on the scene to protect road workers
The officers sitting in the patrol car heard the suspect coming
And saw the cones go flying
Patrolman John Escobeito told the inquirer
They stepped on the gas, got the hell out of the way
The suspect vehicle shot past them, then they made an enforcement stop at about 240 in the AM
Mr. Rich failed the field sobriety test was arrested on a charge of intoxication due to either alcohol or drugs
Rich had recently accompanied Van Patent on trip to Italy to promote the old series
Eight inches is enough
Adam seemed clean as a whistle Van Patent told the inquirer
Maybe he's talking about with his close-off
He called me last week and asked if he would call my brother Timmy who directs the surprise of getting him a job
And I never called him back now I feel kind of bad
Yeah, you ought to feel bad dick
He should have called him back he could have gotten him on the sopranos
In fact, look at that picture there with these scruffy beard
It looks like a hitman for Kranau Laiad if I ever saw one
If I'd have talked to him maybe this wouldn't have happened
Said dick, Adam needs help and I hope that he gets it
Said the pal Adam has been living in a small one bedroom apartment in LA
Getting by on residual checks and juggling credit cards he's deep in debt
Even his mom has had it with him when she was called after her son's arrest
She just sighed and said I'm not surprised
His friend added everyone's biggest fear that eventually they'll find Adam dead of an overdose
And the beat goes on
Don't be a child star there's a lesson for all you people out there
All you punks and all you parents out there don't let your kid become child stars
Because several bad things can happen
One of which will be that they'll turn out to be a big celebrity star themselves
And they'll write a book and tell everybody what a piece of crap you were
And how you ripped off their money
Right
Like the beat's boys
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's
Pembroke Pines, hello
Yeah, hello
Yes sir
I have a dream that Osama will die and Muammar Kudah
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got one call left at the board
And this audience will never make it to one o'clock
You know, I mean I got my music
I'm meant to fight it to the finish but you may be dodging
So I can play a lot of music between now and one
But you guys just, the tank is empty
The tank is empty
And I have a feeling now I fear for the worst for this station and this community for this new year
Because you can smell it
I mean they are just as dry as the desert as the Sahara
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
They have nothing to say about anything in the world
Anything in the world
So anybody who's listening on the internet, any play sells
Trust me when I give you some of the best advice you'll ever hear in your life
Do not ever come to South Florida
Don't ever even think about coming here
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, that's you
Hey, how you doing Neil?
Okay
I say welcome back but it sounds like you're ready to get picked out of here again
Getting close
Yeah, listen a couple things
One, I want to submit my application
I've been laid off a couple times last year with this great economy that our president is taking care of
I'll throw up the elections for our six figures a year, no problem
Yeah
But okay, well
Anyway, one more thing
I remember listening to Rainiery back in like early 90s man
He was a good guy, I don't know why anybody's going to rip on him
Well, like I said, I had to dump two or three calls and another one here today
Because you got assholes out there
This is a town that's overrun with assholes, you should know that
I mean, you know, he was a morning guy, do the traffic and news and everything nice guy
He was kind of doing this thing and that was that
And he still got a ribbon as even after he croaks
I don't get it man, I don't get it
Good luck to you pal
Anyway, Neil, think he's a good luck to us
Great day
Neil or George, I'd like to contribute to your show
I have hundreds of hours of tape from the old WIOD days, old Mike Rainiery promo
Let me know if you'd be interested in any of the old tapes
No
Now see we're like living in the present now
It was fun, there's a couple of deals I didn't from that real radio stuff on the internet
From the disc jockey, the old Rick Shaw stuff and some of the other DJ's, Larry Lou Jack and etc
But generally speaking, we like dealing in the present, not trying to live in the past
Although now that I think about it after the show, the past seems pretty good
By comparison, the future looks like I said bleak
Yeah, you go back there
Let's go back to the past, let's get James Dehran in a time tunnel
And go back like the 87 to Zeta sounds good to me, those were good days
What is your story? What do you give me a look?
Boca Brian's in there with a look and that hat
You look dangerous as how you look
It's a good thing, most not still here
Yeah, he would have thought you came in here with a 2x4 going after his ass
10 past noon at 560 WQM, the mad dog from Shul is at Wanhangk Goldberg 3-7 in this studio, no less
In his studio
Seven o'clock he got the Hurricanes West Virginia basketball, Eddie K after the basketball game
And Joanne Mark II to 6 overnight
Well it's a new year and I know a lot of people are thinking how did I gain all of that weight
Well don't despair because with the Atkins low carb diet those pounds can be gone before you can say, before you can say
Bommi first did I
Very told Dr. Atkins on his show last night, he likes it when I spoke is what you can say
The likes of West Bokeh, a mega store for the Atkins diet, a rain low carb sugar free diet is the place to shop
There's good reason to join the thousands who travel to the lights
They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products like their new control carb chocolate brownies and four scrumptious flavors
With only one and a half carbs
So whether it's carbolide ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, the likes of West Bokeh is the place and you can sample before you buy too
They have an eligible staff open seven days a week and they are open every day 10 to 10
Carrying the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day
And of course Atkins, even according to a channel or whatever it was, Atkins is one of the most effective diets still in the world
And spread all the skeptics people lose weight on like crazy
So if you're on one of those low carb or no carb diets, here's the place
The lights of West Bokeh on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market
Why is he got written here in parentheses?
D lights? What is wrong with PD Lenny? Is he an asshole or something?
Uh huh
Or you can call 1-877 Low Carb or on the web check them out at lowcarb.com
Don't forget there's only one D lights of West Bokeh, your official Atkins retail center
Line and local, your sports radio five cities, you ain't, you ain't
I don't believe it
I don't have, yeah
I'm only got more colors on that team
So I can head and put the 500 on the fence
Mo, Mo, with that gun, take the phone with your pukies
Oh, oh, oh
Welcome back to the mallah for your whiffies, Mo, how are you doing, Michelle?
Take a hat!
Yeah, now listen to you
I got my great great band that's the daughter that listen to the eight
So let's keep things up on board and see, not like that goddamn fricantone in ginger
Okay
Look at that
We have got it
Get a phone call, you moron
Now shut up, boy, like Dick described you important call
Hello
Hi Marge, it's supposed to say WQIM or something like that
Yeah, yeah, forget about it, what do you want?
Is it true, you bet against Miami?
I don't know what you're talking about
You bet against Miami?
Yeah, I didn't bet against Miami
Bet against Miami?
You got some noise, pal
Question in my intake or end of giddy?
Bet against Miami?
How dare you!
I didn't bet against nobody, I bastard
Bet against Miami?
By the way, something, did you bet against Miami?
Bet against Miami?
Yeah, I thought you were an asshole
And I call you an asshole
Who?
Bet guy there
Why don't you say he's an asshole?
I can't say words like that
Why not?
That's not nice
What are you?
Them kind of pussy?
No, I just...
Did you say you're good at dancing again?
I'm not dancing
Yeah, I got a dance for you
You ever heard of you, Bengy Stump?
No
Well, I doubt on the floor and I'll show you
Okay, and then...
Be comfortable
You see the bottom of my shoe?
Yeah, but...
Damn!
Damn!
That's the old thingy Stump!
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Don't have a bone spot!
From 15 to 560, what do you say?
I don't have a bone spot!
560 WQAM
5607 0560
pound 560 on the AT&T line
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Can't hear you
Oh, I'm sorry
There you go, I think what the hole is in it worst like crazy
Hey, you know what?
About Moe, I mean...
What gives me is Goldie
And I kind of feel that Goldie is kind of...
He ties with you
But since he wants his job, he kind of has to, you know,
put up with Moe and kind of go along with him
when he starts running his little stick and I have...
Right, that's right
He sucks his ass, he agrees with every damn thing that he says
Like when I listen to Goldie, he's like, oh, you buried him
You buried him, you don't have to show him
I can't... you know, that's so funny
Yeah
I mean, most stick is just lame, it's higher
Those are boss
And as far as how you feel about Miami, I can understand how you feel
because you know how Miami used to be, you know, back, you know, 25, 30 years ago
until of course all of this happened as made of what it is today
which is a crap hole
Yeah, when I first came here, this was a pretty decent town
and I'd say what it is now, I wouldn't wish on anybody
But you said it best, you said that there's nothing wrong with the place
There's people transplanting
You need to get some of the people out of here that came from whoever
and, you know, the place is all right for the most part
I mean, you know, you have to...
Plus is lined up, line him up
That's right there
Going in both directions, okay, pal, hang in there
All right
Cheers
Those are boss
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Lunt
Oh, it's official, I'm doing a games with a crow this year? Excellent
You know what a big Marlon fan I am
Here's plantation, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes?
Now, remember, 30 years ago, Neil, I was driving around on Smola Road listening to you
I wasn't here 30 years ago
Yes, WNWS
No
And you were complaining about the same stuff, which I agree with, you said everybody...
I wasn't here 30 years ago, but anyway
But anyway, well, maybe it was 20 years
Well, whatever it was, this sounds like the guy with the eyes to me
No, okay
But anyway, you have any eyes?
Everybody being haphatetic
Yes, and they still are
Right, which means I believe the meaning of that is they...
They don't give a crap, yes
Yes, they don't give a crap, well, they do the other way
And it's still things have been changed
And what is the point, sir?
The point, and like I said back then, I was driving around absolutely with no lights
Smola Road listening to you enjoying your show
Yeah
Here we are about, okay, 25 years later, yeah
And I'm driving around picking up wide bread of shorts and the Ouijaes
And I guess basically with a little bit of a little more of a light than back then
But listening to you show and drinking some Hansen's energy water
Excellent
Yep
And let's see, you know
I don't have a damn thing to say
But man, we killed about 45 seconds, it wasn't too bad
And have a great day
That's a record for me
Okay, see
Happy New Year
5670560, I mean, he was a little bit on a pond
A recyborg compared to, I'd say, about 90% of the calls today, he was like, we give him a purple starter gold jelly bean
Poor Jerry Witsner, you notice how he just faded off to and they didn't say too much about Jerry Witsner
He was on here for what, about 70 years?
Is he still alive?
No
But in the ass he's still alive, he died
We talked about it on here, that's right
What is wrong with you, man?
I forget, like I'm poor
You are so all those drugs, they just destroy all your kids out there
Bad weed destroys your memory, just ask Norma can't endure it
Good weed, now that's a different story, but you can't get that here
No, it does not destroy your memory
What?
5670560, pound 560
Oh, and any day now, this is going to be the big story from Ontario, Canada, A about the pot business, any day
And it's going to make this USA look even more in the underthole than we know already that it is
A country that just can't wait to throw your ass in jail for possessing a little bit of substance that you can grow right in the ground
That would be like saying, we found four four leaf clovers in your apartment and you're going to jail, mister
In fact, you know who I think the person of interest, what the hell is his name again?
Richard have nails
I think that they're going to find like some daisies in his apartment
Maybe some red roses for a blue lady
They better not find the dandelions
And they better not find any pansies in his apartment, our guarantee is going right to death row
What about death leopard?
Here's Delray Beach, hello
Happy New Year
Same to you, sir
Thanks, but if I want to ask you, I haven't watched the news in a few days, what's the newest thing with that clone?
Did they find out it was fate, girl?
Are we still waiting to find out?
Do you really believe, sir, that a bunch of the antifall trust me?
There's no clone baby, trust me
I mean, they could have put someone a little more intelligent on the news, too, that was the college in moments
I mean, I won't let them find out about the brain of a fort
I think Art Bell is going to come on to confirm it tonight on CNN
Oh, and speaking of CNN, I forgot to mention good news, more good news
See, things are turning very slowly, guess who's not running from president?
Tom Daschel
Excellent news, because he has no chance
Don't open the mail, Tom
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
I think we might make it to 1 o'clock today, you know
I had my doubts there a couple of minutes after noon
because it's been kind of a spastic day here
But very, very slowly
And I think I want apology to South Florida here for this, some of my comments today
But of course I'm not going to give one, but you know
It's taken a little bit of time now because most people have been on a long extended busman's holiday, right?
I mean, this isn't just during your like a three day weekend, something like that or like Thanksgiving
But we've had all of these lengthy between
Chanukah, which came early this year and in Christmas and New Year's
And a lot of people have been away long and now they're trying to like put all their crap together again
So the idea that they're just going to drop all of that for the honor of picking up the phone and waiting for half an hour, 40 minutes, and hour and a half, two, three hours
They're talking about an old fag on a radio, I just don't think that's going to happen
Huh? Maybe tomorrow they'll be more into it
Do you think? No
And if not, I'll bring an extra music tomorrow
I think that's a dandy idea
It's in like a dandy lion
Is it just, I bring in all my old jingles, I get all those WLS jingles, all the CKLW jingles, and play a bunch of good stuff
How about, huh?
Not for me
No, it's not your kind, I said that tonight
I did a little disclaimer there, but you might like this, although I have it, clearly you won't, Safry Duo and Stevie Winwood
Bring me a higher low
Yeah, you heard it because I played it yesterday in here
I'm thinking for that
It's out there
Here's a video of the remix of the next album
I don't like the original song that I'm not going to like that
Oh, you don't like Stevie Winwood either then
I like him for it, but I like Steve Winwood
That to me sounds like comedy
It's toyed that song, they played it like every two minutes
Very depressed
Let's see, thanks for your reflections on the mic
We're never growing up down here, I developed a fascination with AM radio
The years of you and Mike and the Vaba Baa on the down
A former member, I love to hear it away from it as a career
Good, it says thanks for the advice
Here's somebody I helped, I saved their life
They were interested in radio, but thanks to my advice, they veered away from this as a career
Thank goodness because this week alone
Just the last several days here last a month
You've seen all these people who are dying at an early age
Because at least in part this business killed them
They got screwed over
Oh no
You know something I can't hand, I'm giving up and walking out
No, who else died?
I give up from a drug overdose last year
I just, I don't believe this
Well look at this, here's one that says
If you could tell me where I can listen to Steve Canek
Could start back on the dope
Anyway, on another sad note
Although he wasn't the caliber of Mike Vineri stills a voice from South Florida radio
That I remember with some fun
He had a great voice, that's all I can say for him
Lead Gillette passed away last year from a drug overdose
Wasn't sure if he knew about it, says
No, we did not know about that and George has got that look on his face
Oh, did you know lead Gillette?
I knew of him
No, we spoke to him on the phone a few times
I mean he was on a morning show on Zeta for like the first two days
And then he said I don't think I want to be a part of that
Well it was a bad mistake with his big booming voice
He didn't want to be on some
Some of your carts were left over there and he brought them by
Or something like that
Yeah, he had a constant drug problem
And you know it happens to the people
Let's see here's Laura Faxing says speaking of guiding light
Guess who's coming back?
Signi Coleman who played Annie
Oh no, who made Reaver's life impossible
Crazy and is coming back in mid-January
They must be desperate to goose up that show
Annie, she was my least favorite character in the history of that show
A real bitch
Nasty, hateful bitch
I'll speak of that I'm going to lunch at mommy's today
56070560 pound
560 on a AT&T
The woman who destroyed my little dog's health
Poor little guy, you know actually 14 years
And he's got the cataract which you are going to have it removed
I mean you know it's otherwise perfect
But other than that he hasn't had like any major health problems
Okay, unlike my golden retriever that had the constant ear problems and infections
But tiny has been okay but one week with that woman
I wouldn't be surprised if she had the pepper and paprika going too
She was probably feeding them the ground brown
Burgers
And then complaining about having to clean up dog Schmidt all the time
You know when she told me that you have any idea how I pleased I was
I was high-fiving with tiny from long distance on the phone
Nice going tiny, keep it up, take another one
Good
Get her down there with that rag with a damp rag on the floor
Clean up some mole
26 past noon at 560WQAM
Tom Lehman and General Sales Manager Joe Prieto of Helen Pontiac GMC
Wish all the new Rogers listeners a very happy new year
And how it went you down there you are going to see an amazing selection of the areas biggest thing
2003 GMC Unvoys, Unvoys XL, Zucons, Uncon XL
And Denialys, nobody's got a bigger selection than the hell at anywhere in the universe
Hellets also got their usual unbeatable selection of fine, classy, pre-owned, car, trucks and SUVs
And if the other guys in town don't want to cut you deal because your credit's a little on the weak side
No fear, hell it is here, they'll cut you a deal
So for the biggest selection right now as I speak on GMC SUVs, Neal deals and lots more to be treated like a real man
This is the place, Halet Pontiac GMC
They're in the same great location they've been doing people right for 35 excruciating years
That's at 134.01 Soptix C-Highway, US-1 right across from the falls
Open every day of your life seven days a week
You can call the Neal Deal hotline to get more info at 1.883-440-11
That's 1.883-440-11
You can mention you heard about it on the Neal Rogers show because you'll see even more with the Neal Deal
Halet Pontiac GMC who are professional grades
My life and love this is 440-560-11
You can't wait, I'm way...
At your time
Less is more. The CEO's guide to cutting corners and downsizing personnel by Jason Jennings
One of the top selling books in the post-end run era has inspired one of the world's oldest CEOs to write his own book
Make me rich, then go drop dead by Charles Lane
This is Charles Lane. You may not know who I am but you know me if you saw me
So you want my advice and how to run a successful business, eh?
Well, you listen to me and you'll be rich, rich, and here's Hal
Bumstead, good year CEO. Get in here right away. See me CEO?
Yeah, good work on that cost benefit analysis. Thank you CEO.
Now, get out, good fight. I've been working with my team.
Cleaners us can get out. Karen A. Scott Mr. Bumstead outside.
Get in here, go up the scale!
There, see how he sees me? Here, my sis. Steven?
Yes, CEO. Great presentation on your new ad campaign.
Right now. Get out. You're fired. Here you go.
Yes, CEO.
Tell your minceivers as I'm laying everybody off.
Yes, CEO. Oh, and one more thing.
Yes, CEO. You're fired too. Get out.
Make me rich and go drop dead by Charles Lane.
You're a guy to success in the new Bush economy.
Oh, right.
The
Can block.
You know what it is? Here are the entries for the fourth race
at Hollywood Greyhound Track today. You know what the four dogs name is?
I'll give you a clue.
Oh, Hank Goldberg.
That was funny.
Isn't that credible?
Hank's got a dog named after him.
406 votes on a pool. What's your take on a herald?
I know, Hank's very fond of the herald, not.
Which is really interesting because back when he used to work for what was at Bieber Silverstein,
the ad agency, one of their, I think, their biggest client was the herald.
But over the years, Hank has seen the light.
I think it was the day they hired Barry Jackass that really kind of turned him around.
406 votes on the take on the herald.
There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites, 21.
There are great newspaper, 26.
Oh, ho, moving up.
It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida, 65.
It sucks, 129.
And if panders so much, it should be entirely in Spanish, 165.
We'll save this for the Humper, okay? Don't let me forget.
I'm sure he'll enjoy seeing his name there on the uh-huh.
And of course, they also had a good permission for that.
Did you know that?
No.
At least they do in horse racing.
I'm sure they do the same with dog racing.
If you're going to use the name of a living person, you have to get permission.
Maybe he does about it. Maybe it's his dog.
It is not his dog.
Hank is on the stable.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, it's one of the first time, Carl.
I just want to tell you that the best radio I ever heard of my life.
I'm from New York, was when you guys were on with Carl, that yourself.
And then later on with Rick and Sutt and Reneerie.
And then, uh, Gus, Henry.
I saw this in the house.
Are you sure?
Excuse me?
I remember those days.
Yeah, I remember the time.
You know, the funniest I never called you.
But the funniest thing I ever heard was the time Steve Cain called your father.
Remember I had your father on?
No.
You know, remember that?
Steve Cain called my father.
He called you a father.
What did he call him? An asshole?
I don't know.
But you, let me tell you the story.
This was like, 12, 15 years ago.
He called your father.
Had your father on the radio.
And your father was given an expose that he wanted to get together with you and everything else.
And I remember your response to the cane at that time.
Pubman Dread.
Yeah, something like that.
My father died two years ago, by the way.
That's the good news.
Oh, okay.
And I'm sorry about Reneerie.
He was a great guy.
Yeah.
And we'll call that.
That was a real special guy.
You died.
I met Bill a few times.
Okay, Neil.
I don't know where you're going from here.
Where are you going from here?
What do you mean by that?
I'm going over to Mommy's for lunch.
What do you mean?
Why am I going from here?
What does that mean?
I love the...
Have you mentioned, or someone mentioned to me?
I don't know who did that you're going to love this radio stations?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to be on WKPX on FM 30 Mondays.
Let's see.
Here's a follow-up.
Here's Legion.
It's like itinerary, not his resume, but like somebody has got all of where he worked.
And then an ass to risk of the bottom says, Legion.
I died in Clinton.
I was August 13th, 2000, of a drug overdose.
Very sad.
Sorry to hear it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Now, what did this last old cocker, Sammy?
What was he, Sam?
Here's a call from Port Charlotte.
Hey, Neil, Tom.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I haven't...
This is the first day and two and a half years I've heard your voice.
How's that possible?
Well, you told me if you saw me back in 1991, you were doing a Camilla's house appearance
at the Brands Martin Deerfield, and I pulled a cardboard fish out of my pants.
Really?
Do you remember that?
No.
Oh, you bet.
Anyway, I gave up on Florida and I moved in.
I made it all the way out to Arizona.
Yeah.
But it's no better.
So I came back, but now I'm on this side.
It sucks over here.
Well, I'll see in Missouri, okay?
It's right midway in between.
God really knows how to pick him, don't he?
He was probably in Sun City and then he's coming back to Sunrise Lakes.
Well, just keep doing it and pretty soon you'll be holding off to the really belonging one of them, joints.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Is the beat goes on, baby?
Oh, you're not going to be here to fill the pulse.
The pulse and the beat of South Florida.
Yeah, beat this.
We keep reaching for a pulse we can't find one.
Do you know that fat rich when he collapsed?
Do you know that what I told you that story?
Yeah.
Not only was his blood pressure 50 over 30, but when the paramedic got through, they couldn't find a pulse.
How do you like that?
I don't like that.
Scary.
Yeah.
Good news is he lost four more pounds last week and he's looking pretty good and walking around just fine and, you know.
Had a miserable night at the track last night, but he's doing okay.
That's the important thing.
He did have a, he had a rule before dinner.
And Derek was sitting there bitching him out and screaming and carrying on.
So what he sliced it in half.
So what I did is I reached across the table and took half of it and slammed it back in the thing.
Good.
Yeah.
Half a rule is better than on rich.
Cut the crap.
Lock the hatchy.
Hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes sir, good afternoon to you sir and happy new year.
Yeah, America.
Happy circus.
What's your position on McLean taking over the coaching?
What is my what?
Position.
Prone.
Oh.
Well what does that mean?
What is my position on it?
What's my opinion you mean?
Yeah, what's your take?
Well, I don't know.
He did a good job here.
I don't, I think that Blame and Dave King for the team's failures is a mistake because that team has got some very bad deficiencies.
They don't have enough goal scoring number one.
And number two, the defense is a little on the shot east side.
And I mean, their goal ten is good and he's pretty good, but they, you know, I guess you just have to make a change.
I don't think that the dog, he's going to have to make some personnel changes.
He can bring in, he can bring back punch, in lock until Blake is coached.
And that team isn't going anywhere as it's, you know, they got a couple of nice players on it.
They got like four or five nice players. Whitney and Cillinger and Fabordi and, and, and Clusla.
And, you know, and then that's it.
And Sanderson.
Watch it's a lot of an application.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
It's hockey talk. Let's hear it.
Here is Viny B. Chellow.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, I just want to know if I just started looking to your show like about 15, 20, 20 years ago, yeah.
No, about 20 minutes ago.
I just want to know if did you see that show last night?
The Joe Millionaire?
No. I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the minute.
Uh-huh. It's funny, man. All these girls are being strung along.
Okay, make 19,000 a year.
You got them. They got these girls believe in you make 50 million.
Mm-hmm. And he's gross to top it all off.
Yeah.
I only look at the women. They're pretty nasty too.
Good scheme. Okay, good luck to you, pal. He'll be on next week.
Okay, that's it. 22 minutes ago.
Didn't I say a little while ago I thought we would make it? I was wrong.
Not the first time in my life. I made a bad, bad judgment.
I mean, look, I came here tonight.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
We've got, let me count them four, five, 600 open lines right now.
Waiting just for you to share with us your important thoughts on the things that make the world go round.
That makes out for what it is today.
A big oozing pile of human excrement.
We'll wait.
We're not in any big hurry here. We'll wait.
In fact, we'll go back to Stevie Winwood.
I forgot, George, don't like it.
You don't like Stevie Winwood. I find that to be absolutely unacceptable.
You like Bruce Springsteen, but you don't like Bruce.
And just a joke when you were in just a joke.
He hates Bruce Springsteen just like I do.
Who sucks.
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, you have any idea what they're going to show us?
New episode of Smallville, man?
Well, these rewrites.
Funny you should mention that because my next story is about Smallville.
No, well, yeah, it's next week from, wait a minute.
Yeah, week from tonight.
Yeah, because tonight I like a two hour episode.
Fourteenth. One week from tonight.
And what do you think of, like, you think Tom Walling be a good Superman or what?
Yes.
Because I went to the website the other day and they were thinking about picking some Australian.
I'd like to see him with a cape on.
Have a great day, pal.
Or off, as the case may be.
Christopher Reeve, the now paralyzed actor, who's sort of a movie-famous Superman,
will soon lens him, guidance the young Clark Kennedy upcoming episode of the WB television series Smallville.
WB spokesman Paul McGuire yesterday confirmed a report by TV God that revealed guest star in February as a brilliant scientist
who provides Clark with revelatory insight into a superhero destiny.
Woo!
Ready for that?
revelatory insight into a superhero destiny.
Smallville now in its second season as one of the WB's top-rated show stars, Tom Walling,
as a hot teenage Clark can't come into grips with the superhuman strength,
and the years before it grows up to become a mild-mannered reporter who moonlights
as the red cape man of steel.
The episode with Reeve is slated to run during the key ratings sweep in late February McGuire said,
according to the report in TV God's next edition, which hit Newstand's next Monday,
the Vancouver-based production will be shot in New York City to accommodate Reeve,
who was paralyzed in the neck down in 1995, horseback riding accident.
Reeve was best known for playing the title role as 1978 hit film Superman and two movie sequels.
What's the name of that bit?
Superman?
I think so.
That's not the name of it.
It was Superman 5, I think.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I don't want to sound insensitive because I feel his pain, you know.
But I'm tired of seeing Christopher Reeve.
You know, breathing through that little tube.
I mean, I give him all, he's got a lot of courage.
I got to attack, you know, President.
You're right, attacking the Bush-Mistory.
He's got the balls through that.
He's absolutely right about stem cell research.
But the fact of the matter is, I'm just a little bit tired of him being exploited by the media,
who loved to exploit people's misery and pain and suffering.
Yeah, but he can move a finger now.
Oh, and they actually had Pat Boone's son on there with the King My Studio.
And I saw about four seconds of that while surfing channels.
You know, the one that had some horrible accident and is also like that, Pat Boone.
Now, you think that a guy, a God-fearing man like Pat Boone, wouldn't have such a misfortune in his family, wouldn't he?
Maybe too much of that rock and roll later on in his life.
You know, too much of that crap desperately trying to pedal on album.
Maybe that's what turned things around for Pat.
Or it was that Boone in the Box.
It could have been the old Boone in the Box.
So, you remember that, huh?
You held up that picture.
The old Boone in the Box.
Oh my God.
Do I remember those wonderful days?
The Boone in the Box.
We'll talk about that momentarily.
19 to 1, and I had forgotten all about that.
That was sensational.
Goody-two shoes born again, Pat Boone, with his shlong stuck right through a box as a college
prank, through a cardboard box.
One much.
When you shop for quality footwear, speaking of size, great selection and professional service,
there's only one place to go that is to take your feet right over to Brandy shoes and pomp on a wood
to treat for your feet.
At Brandy shoes, you find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best service,
the best prices in town, anywhere, and at Brandy's you'll find top quality names like rock ports,
foreshim, SAS Spirit, Timberland Naturalizer, and lots more.
And with Brandy's humongous selection, you'll almost never hear, sorry, Mr. We don't have that style in your size,
or man, or whatever they want to call you.
So find out why most of Brandy's customers don't only keep coming back, but usually by several pairs per visit.
Brandy's is open every day, nine to nine, Sundays, ten to five, and you'll find him at 1290,
North Federal Highway and Pompadablices always worth a trip when you take your feet for a treat and your meat to Brandy's.
And all this wicked Brandy's is a great time to buy new balance shoes, all men's and women's styles,
20% off this week only at Brandy's in Pompino Beach.
My, my, and look all this is 4.256.
2A2A.
Fast.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Christopher Reeve is Superman.
Superman 5.
Hell, hell, Superman, Superman Quid Jimmy Olsen is drowning.
Hey, here comes Superman, here he comes.
He's, he's in a wheelchair.
Hi, I'm Superman.
Okay, rest, turn around.
Too late.
Yeah, that'll call you Super Gimp.
Come, get out of here, you freak.
Oh, oh, Clark.
Nothing's happening.
Get on top of the marker.
Ow!
I, the evil dog, have finally fitted out a way to defeat Superman.
Hey, with, with Kryptonite?
No, steps.
Superman 5.
The search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you.
Did that sound like the what's his name?
Jim Scower?
Yes.
Was that Jim Scower?
No.
Oh, it sounded just like him.
Whatever happened in, at least he's still alive, we hope.
All these stories about dead people coming down to Python.
This is Van Schussitz.
He's in Massachusetts?
Yes.
Good guy, Jim Scower.
He looked just like Bill Zimper.
Well, no, you know, because Zimper was working in Philly, he would come into the building so infrequently that I would never recognize him.
And Scower would come around like once every five years, right?
And it's kind of embarrassing for a guy like me, you know, who's supposed to be very grateful to someone.
Well, not Zimper, but like the Scower did a lot of these comedy bits for us.
And was very good, and you know, a big supporter of the show.
And he'd walk in and I'd look, I'd be thinking like, who the hell is that, you know?
And you think your Alzheimer's kicking in.
Like when Valka Brian walked in this morning with that Fedora on.
And I'm thinking, who the hell is that?
With that leather jacket on, Luca Bratzi.
Luca Bratzi.
Now he looked like a miniature.
He looks like mini Luca Bratzi.
Like mini U.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lone on a really deadly day here today.
We don't want to mess with your parade.
We understand you're busy.
Got a lot of stuff on your plates.
Here is Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
No, I was going to tell you when it's something happened last Friday.
I was at a friend's house watching the fiesta bowl.
And my friend Ray Martinez.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
And the other thing is they always want to get their little Julio's names on the year two
that little circles your group.
Always got to get their names on here and then they do their thing.
By the way, I understand that your ball's finally dropped.
Congratulations to you, sir.
Now Ray will just drop them maybe even like get up and walk out of the place out of the joint.
Very sad.
Very sad to me.
Another great contribution from our Hispanic community here in South Florida.
What they've done for this show.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just a quick observation.
Hello.
God made grass.
Man made booze.
You go figure it out, huh?
Man made one.
Alcohol.
Yeah.
Cool.
Okay.
Light one up for us, pal.
Whatever you're talking about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Do we ever get a menu faxed over here from Troy from Balance for Life since I see that spots coming on again momentarily?
That's very disturbing to me.
Because I'm sitting here telling everybody that you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal.
And for some bizarre strange as yet undetermined reason, Troy seems to be disinterested in faxing me my sheets so I can pick out the chow that I want.
Although it has been very good so far.
I will say that it's been excellent, but nevertheless I just want to guard against any unordered babagadoosh or tofu salad or any of the all of these things.
See what I'm saying?
I just mentioned that in passing since our little Troy Stratford don't seem to be able to get the job done.
He used to be pretty good Troy Stratford and then we started growing that little gangster goatees growing now.
Now he's turned into a real asshole.
He was a good guy right up until then.
Now what does that say?
Minneapolis St. Paul? Is that for real? Hello?
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay.
How does one follow up after phone calls like those?
I tell you.
You know that song that you were playing that secret trust song?
Yeah.
That's actually done by your friends down there in Miami Beach.
The trio, the brothers give.
I think the beachies do that.
Oh.
Well this group is the one true voices name of this group.
Yeah.
It's a great song.
I kind of like the original one myself.
It's very summer you should pick up still waters and throw it on there.
I bet you'd really enjoy it.
Okay.
And in closing let's just say happy Kwanzaa.
And back to you.
And have a good day.
Happy Martin Luther Coon Day too.
I could also play a bando in an almond which you get you really upset because it's got that German stuff in it.
Plus it's also not your kind of music.
Isn't that on here?
I think that is on here, isn't it?
Somewhere it's on this disc I believe.
See I wouldn't start this atom.
I had a bunch of three times the George has a program not to play German music.
Oh it's not German music but it's like English music with some German and stick with friends.
What do you say?
He's born in Philadelphia okay so this don't be knocking guy gross which he is definitely not.
He's my idol.
He is everything in the world that I would want as a close person.
Pal.
I beg your pardon?
Nothing.
He's from Philadelphia.
Oh I see.
He's probably even circumcised.
430 votes on a pool.
What's your take on a Miami hero?
It panders so much it should be entirely an Espanule 175 right right on target.
It sucks.
133 people say you're just and I'll tell you this the other votes on a great newspaper that started to goose up a little bit.
You know those are coming from one hero plaza.
All of those closet people we got there sitting in their list of this show on their little Sony Walkmans pretending that they'll listen to a WLRN or whatever.
It sucks 133.
The best of us sorry a lot of newspapers in South Florida 69.
60 freaking nine.
It's a great newspaper 30.
30 My Ass okay?
I think you can take off the and you got a more accurate vote there of the 30.
And there are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites 23.
How soon a lot of people forget even though that wasn't my vote.
I voted for this should put the whole damn thing in Espanule and stop pretending that they care about those of us who speak in English.
Okay? You don't care about us. You don't care about flying thing about us.
I think all you assholes that they hear about a hotpot in the metro are we all okay?
And just take it down to shorties ribs.
That wasn't that where it ends?
I think it goes a little past it but nevertheless.
Go to shorties.
Where else does it go? It doesn't go to homestead.
It goes to nowhere of consequence.
It goes to nowhere that anybody wants to.
For example there's the high allelegg anybody want to go to high alleah?
No.
Now no.
Even the flamingos moved out.
They got so pissed off with high alleah.
And that idiot John Brunetti the flamingos moved out.
Oh and speaking of idiots how can I know that Hank must not be too happy about.
How can Vic Stofer the call on the races not only at Gulfstream but out there in Hollywood Park?
I mean what is that all about?
What naked pictures did that guy acquire?
The anxious Vic Stofer all I can say about him is he's an asshole.
God.
My good friend Phil Saltsman would be pleased to know that I'm sitting there and am sitting there
and I'm one of my 25 satellite dishes and they have this racing channel in England.
And the career races from all over the world and I'm watching Calderon.
There's the voice of my real good friend Phil Saltsman.
And I thought did he feel a bit pleased to hear that?
Wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
I guess.
8 till 1 at 5.60 WQM.
Summer is over baby.
It's all no more playing around.
No more barbecues, no more vacations, no more excuses for gaining weight.
The holidays are over too.
So now is the time to pick up that phone and call balance for life.
Because I'll guarantee you they'll treat you a lot better than they're treating me.
They are playing with my emotions and my puppet is what they're doing now.
And you know what?
They'll get the consequences too.
They'll get to fall out.
In a bag.
I'm going to send Troysum.
Anyway, balance for life takes all the guesswork out of losing weight because you don't have to count calories.
You don't have to go shopping.
You don't have to count carbs.
You don't have to buy any books, no cleaning, no cooking.
Because they bring you all your food for the day each and every day.
That's just sign up for the program.
In a little black sack.
Three gourmet meals.
Two delicious snacks right to your doorstep.
And you choose.
You get to choose.
I don't.
I guess because I don't know what the reason is.
Maybe they just don't like me anymore.
You get to choose between two choices for each one of your meals.
Every day that's around a program.
I get whatever they want to send me.
And I guess I'm supposed to like it.
And so far I do.
And you're like it too because the food is fresh.
Delicious.
There is plenty of food in your sack to keep you full all day long.
And it's all designed according to the concept of the zone diet.
Dr. Barry Sears.
No relation to Brian Sears.
Who really knows this stuff.
And it's a very complicated diet.
But like I said, they take all the figuring out of it.
And all you have to do is open up your sack and eat your foods.
Stick it in your purse.
And he did the microwave.
It's delicious.
So if you really want to lose that weight to save the delicious way.
Call our friends at balance for life.
Let them take care of you this year.
Call 954-568-32-29.
954-568-32-29.
Or visit them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
Five and a local.
This is 560.
The radio's all yours.
QAM.
First.
Five.
Tomorrow.
With the old four election fast approaching.
It's time we had a fresh change in leadership.
Hi.
This is Democratic National Committee Chairman Tarima Kolo.
Hock's sure of myself as usual.
And working feverishly to put together a surefire winning ticket for the next Democratic presidential campaign.
And here's what I have so far.
I'm convinced you're going to like it.
What do you think of this?
Joe Lieberman and Hillary Clinton.
Huh?
Or how about this?
Hillary Clinton and Joe Lieberman.
Hmm?
Terry Bradshaw and Tom Green.
Let's see here.
I have Gilbert Godfrey and Rosie O'Donnell.
Martin Sheen and Mulvey.
Scott Tracy and Lady Penelope from the Thunderbirds.
Charlie Manson and Katherine Harris.
Oh, wait.
She's a Republican.
Mr. McCullough?
Yes.
President's here to see you.
Oh, send them in.
Hi, good to know you.
Here's your check sign on the top.
And here's the one from pharmaceutical companies.
Uh, the microphone is on.
Oh, well, a pro-sheet work.
Keep up the good work.
Yes.
Uh, thank you, Mr. President.
This message made for by the Democratic National Committee.
We know what we're doing.
Is that okay?
We can say that.
Comforty Six and Five, 60, W-Q-A-M.
When I heard that lead geleted died, it says this back.
It's a through his name and did Google and found this website.
www.440.com slashmymy.html.
You might check it out.
It's a history of DJ's Miami Radio throughout the years.
Contains individual bios slash histories.
Very interesting.
PS Bruce Springsteen does suck.
PSS Stevie Wonder is an icon.
Lead singer and Spencer Davis group at 15.
Blind Faith Bamber.
There are clapped in years with traffic.
Says Walton Deerfield Beach.
What?
You just don't like that one song?
I like that song.
Well, that's your entitled to that.
I mean, you're wrong.
It happens to be a great song.
The remake I can live without.
You want to know why?
Because it's Safry Duo.
See, I know that it's going to, like, finger me as being an old funny dutty.
But since I am an old funny dutty, why the hell should I be?
Anything besides an old funny dutty.
Yeah, he's pointing a finger.
You old funny dutty?
The old man?
Although, look at him.
Oh, at least I'm not, at least I'm not mired in the 50s and 60s like Volka Brian.
And grated on the QAM.
Talking about the freaking life of Ryan L.A.
All the time, all the time, all the time.
I did like Junior.
But at any rate, what that was I saying?
About Safry Duo.
All of that dance crap.
It all sounds the same.
All of it.
Yeah.
By design, so that they can track one song into another at the club.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I understand that these fads can music come and go.
Like fads and clothing and all this other stuff.
Like fads and hair pieces.
But the fact of the matter is that this is going to be gone real quick.
And to this year, it'll be gone.
It will.
I'm telling you right now.
Like Viva, which is the music channel from Germany,
which they do play a lot of good stuff.
All videos.
But if you could see how many different groups there are,
you haven't even got any concept of how many of these dance groups there are.
And all the videos, they sound the same.
That has a good beat.
You can dance to it.
You're right.
Kind of like two different worlds by Roger Williams and Jane Morgan.
I bet you're welcome.
Brian got all excited when her be talking about that on cap records, huh?
Who else was on cap records?
What was the label the Everly Brothers were on cadence records?
I'm sorry.
Andy Williams was on cadence records too, right?
What a memory.
We're talking about stuff from before.
Most of you were born.
And you know what?
See, it makes us feel good about ourselves.
Because we got a good memory.
On the other hand, it also shows that we're really old.
But so it's like, you know who you look a little bit like from that angle.
The silliest man on the face of the earth, Bert Sugar.
You know, they get the boxing guy that's always on ESPN.
Always talking about the fights.
You never saw that guy?
Bert Sugar.
He looks like one of those typical de-general gambler types.
He's probably tight with Hank and Eddie Kaye.
Bert Sugar.
He just, I don't know whether to laugh or cry when they put him on the ear.
You know?
A grown man talking about a couple of guys in the ring trying to blow each other's brains out.
Bert Sugar.
How about Bert Sugar since we're talking music?
Let's play that.
Oh!
Or we could play Sugar Sugar.
Your favorite group, the Archies, they're pretty good.
I was working with the video.
We could play Sugar Shockers.
That's one of my favorites.
Anyway, we got the end of the line today.
And I want to thank the audience for a spectacular job.
We milked it for all we could today.
I know it was not easy.
Okay, it was easy for us.
Because we're sitting there.
We don't give a crap.
But it was not easy for you guys, but you actually did it.
And let's give credit where credit is due.
When they...
I didn't say now.
I said, in other words, when they do something where they deserve it.
Mad Dog is coming up next to you.
Maddits from Shula State, too.
He's going to be on here.
I'm doing his usual, the game.
It was the game, the game did this and the game did that.
And they dropped the ball, gave me the ball.
The game stuff.
And then we got Hank from 3 to 7.
And then you got Heracune to West Virginia speaking of the game at 7 o'clock.
Eddie Kaye after the game and Joel and Mark overnight.
Live in the world.
Clear support radio 560.
2AM.
