The beast of the day saw a fucking one.
Alright dude, looks like Neil's been at some of that diet food again.
Hey, anything for the Arne at Carolyn?
Welcome back to the Morning Sickness Crew.
We still only talk about sports at a rapid pace.
Oh, hold on, the evil no force after here, tough.
Hey, you think that's good?
Well, I listened to Jack last night, oh, I've been on was so slow,
that Jackie kept it diaries.
What was that Carolyn about the girl that was raped in the hurry canes, lock-in room?
Oh yeah, and thanks for making this studio smell better, tuts.
Okay, we got the three comics on the line.
Hey, let's read.
Hey, let's read.
Hey, you made that for me, and say, well, ain't nobody knocked down, nobody knows for cash,
and it's 380 mark, or a weather, weather, weather, or a lot of smoke.
Hey.
Where am I taking the JNP, where you have it, it's 3D in the dollar,
we've got it in mind to be cyber, whatever.
What did he say?
Hey, hey, what's the matter, then I tell you,
two comics, we're all right, they're bloody sorry, and look at him, coming with me.
Telling me now, through the adusions, through the goddamn car.
We're gonna lose that coming next year.
Hey, nobody, I'm not out here.
We're going to get in the line of cash soon, and you will take the next country,
we get in, we've got a tour, we can do that, but even a lot of times we lost,
we'll put it in the dirt to the right place, and we won't be there,
but we lost more, we won't.
Thank you for your call.
Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit,
for right-hand of you, Goldie Horn.
So, Goldie, that you Goldie.
So Goldie, what's your take on college athletes who aspire to play Schmere the queer?
It doesn't cost gold, I think there's a responsibility.
Hey, you've got something against playing that.
Yeah, uh-huh.
I take Umber and do what you said about Grabsucker.
Sounds like a real ice queen if you ask me.
Yeah, what's your wife?
Well, let's not get into that.
Oh, look, we got the guy with the eyes for the third time today.
Hiya, Kenny.
Oh, good.
Thank you for your call.
Ain't this more fun than cutting your balls off with a serrated scissors?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
So, I guess Mepho is trying to warm his way back in again, and his old crew,
you think so?
The Morning Crew?
They must think he has a few points, the management in here.
That's what it looks like that phony letter of the editor in yesterday's
a hero which I never would have known about except for the fact that Moe was going ballistic.
It's more a nice going Moe.
I thought I could hear his wig hopping around his forehead, crawling around just having an interest breakdown.
Come on Moe, just calm down.
Can't handle it.
This is such a negative place.
How come this would be in everybody's box?
Spreading so much negativity.
What kind of an asshole would do that in this place?
And spread it in everybody's box?
Don't be spreading in anybody's box.
So, can't keep in mind.
Dad, Strappy, I'm Mark Morkin on Sports Radio 560, 8M.
Ooh, I'm going to play that 6,000 times today.
I'm the squeeze in my kneecap.
I'm so sad about that.
Woo!
Anyway, there's this fake letter of the editor.
Well, making it really is a Jim Lenson plantation.
We'll let the audience decide.
First, I want to mention, oh.
We have three very strange memos that came out right after the show on Friday.
Or at least they came over my fax machine.
I thought maybe there were like some more emails that Mo got.
But not that exciting.
There's about positions available in the engineering department,
senior broadcast engineer, staff engineer 1, and staff engineer 2.
A 1 and a 2 and whatever else you got.
Huh?
Huh?
I don't understand this.
I don't know.
What do we need all these new engineers about?
Unless, of course, the station's actually being sold now.
You think that's a possibility?
Don't tease.
We can only pray.
Oh!
Okay.
The poll from over the weekend.
Big response.
Of course, not the right responses, but you can't air everything.
1,820 votes.
What was the worst chapter in American history?
We left off an obvious one.
Who's that?
The hiring of Mo on QIM.
That would have got to be that.
I'll put us over 2000, I bet.
What was the worst chapter in American history?
Slavery 440 faux.
The 2000 presidential election.
389.
Slavery American Indians 289.
Vietnam 202.
The Civil War 147.
Vietnam only 11.1%.
Thought that was the worst chapter in American history.
So obviously they haven't been watching the board on the 4th of July.
Or their memory is very bad.
But they know nothing about history.
Or all of you, folks.
Civil War 147.
The assassinations of the 60s, JFK, Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy.
Only 99.5.4% of this audience thought that those three assassinations.
One of the most grotesque periods in history of the human race were the worst chapter in American history.
It should have been top 3 at the worst.
The attack on Iraq 73.
And here's an interesting one.
Monica Gate 67.
Now it all depends on how you look at that.
Right.
It was an ugly chapter.
Now how come all those calls are on here?
I give up.
Oh, that was before George told me what the pull was going to be.
What do you mean by that?
I thought I was going to say this.
It's always the whatever duty of guy.
Miami, hello.
Hey, new.
Yes, sir.
What was I going to call this?
Oh, yeah, okay.
I'm just curious now.
I'm calling to foster bubble or anything or to get your pissed off.
But I just curious as to what.
You're the first call on the week.
I don't even pissed off on the first call on the week.
What kind of attitude is that?
Well, you know, I noticed.
Okay, it's just a sticky right.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't want to piss off.
But listen, before you...
Why do you keep saying that?
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I won't say it anymore.
Get to it.
Okay.
What is it going to take?
I know it's a long list.
You probably need a freaking accountant.
What is it going to take for you and Mo to become like...
I mean, you have to apologize as you have to.
Apologize for what?
For the fact that he's a daughtering old fool.
He likes to get everybody can.
Like, you know, I mean, what is it?
I mean, we have...
I'm pretty sure the audience would like to know what...
I mean, you said most of everything.
But I was just curious.
What the hell?
You know, see, that's because I'm upfront.
I do my stuff right on the ears where everybody knows where I'm coming from as opposed to try to get people can...
You know, go stuff behind the scenes and stab people in the back.
I mean, I don't know if you care or if you heard.
But I was the last call over so, and I talked to them.
And I can hear a lot of the...
I mean, I don't...
We don't listen to the last hour and a half of this show.
I was talking to the rating.
I was talking about the ratings.
And he seems to be like a little pompous to ask because every time I was trying to speak, you know, you...
George, I hear you breathing hard in the background.
I'm sorry.
You got to be...
Well, what is the point of this, sir?
Mo and I are not going to get along.
I've just spiced that, and I will dance on his grave and have a nice day.
Although I didn't do there like it says in that letter from D for.
I mean, from Jim Linson Plantation.
Why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end?
I've got to be one of the most amusing lines I've ever...
Why not let the caller...
He's this guy just got off the ear.
He was the last caller on Mo's show and I was calling me.
And you wonder why we cut people short?
Get your own guy, damn show, okay?
Puts.
What's it going to take?
It's not going to take anything.
Maybe there are five million bucks to do it, I think.
Small bills.
Anyway, I never finished the pull result.
Monika Gate 67.
But like I said, it depends on how you look at it.
It was an embarrassing chapter, but probably...
Well, for you see what I'm saying?
I understand.
The Depression 58.
The Interim of the Japanese Americans during WW2 had 22 votes.
WW2 15.
Watergate 12.
Monika Gate had 67.
And Watergate, which resulted in the only resignation by the American president in our history,
had only 12 votes.
Right.
World War I had one and Gulf War I had none, which of course, in both of those cases, good job.
But Watergate had only 12.
Wow.
Can't complain about the American people's knowledge of history because generally speaking,
they don't have any.
But we get a good response.
That's all we care about.
Now, was this last guy battling about what's it going to take?
Yeah, what's it going to take to get you to get life, okay, sir?
We don't get along.
We're not going to get along.
I decide like I've put you a million times and it's not stick.
I would be delighted to dance on the man's grave.
He's done too many dastardly things.
And there's no way you know, like at the beginning of the show,
Neil is next, like all of us say,
this man is unspeakable.
There's no worth to describe him.
No, seriously.
It's like a husband that comes home and beats his wife and kids
and just goes crazy and starts throwing crap and then goes out for a couple of hours
and comes back saying, hey, hi, honey, what's for dinner?
You know, it's just it doesn't make any sense.
You know, it doesn't make any sense.
It's too late now, you know.
It's like OJ trying to suck up to the brown family,
infighting himself over his supper.
I don't think there are any invitations coming, OJ.
That's the same thing.
What's it going to take?
Anyway, here's this letter.
I guess we'll do the break first.
But there's some real telltale signs, real tip-offs in his letter.
In the sports section in the hero yesterday, which I never,
I mean, you would think that all the reading that I do on the Internet,
I'm going to waste my time reading the letters to the sports editor in the hero.
So if it wouldn't been for the fact that Moe had ballistic on his,
and of course, he went ballistic, obviously not even understanding
reading between the lines in his letter because he hasn't been around long enough
to have any idea what he's talking about.
How would he know?
That's right.
So he would have no idea that all of these lines that are in his letter
are lines, they're deep o'isms.
No, seriously, I think Jim Lentz is either another identity of Jeff DeForest,
or maybe it's Paulie, the Paulie man's boyfriend.
I don't know who it is.
Yeah, it's a numb depune.
That must be it.
There's a real mystery in this letter.
I'll try to that right now, which we'll get to.
And a bunch of other good stuff.
Here's a great website for you.
Whitehouse.org.
In fact, being a boy is putting a link to it on our website right now.
Everybody must go.
In fact, I got a couple of great articles.
I love the one about SpongeBob SquarePants.
Yeah.
You oughta check this out right now.
Land over back to church where the worthwhile worship unsaved or not.
Welcome, as Jesus commanded.
Pastor exposes perverted little cartoon character near square.
SpongeBob SquarePants.
And on the picture, it says, warning.
He must be saved a adult over the age of 18 in order to rub your mouse over this image.
And the image is the eyes with the nose on top.
It's like the upside down head.
Only when you rub your mouse on it, it turns into something else, a different kind of head.
It's 11 past nine at 560 WQA.
And how come I didn't let that color one over a bit longer, you know?
Yeah, he didn't let you know what he was done.
Oh, I think he was done.
How many times did he hear about an opportunity?
And he didn't act.
He said they're like you were frozen like you were in suspended animation.
You missed out.
Well, right now is one of those times.
Rarely, it is an opportunity interrupt your important life.
But this one should interest rates have gone down even lower than ever before.
Financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45% then lowered it to 2.95%.
Now rates have gone down even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group.
Let me say it again.
2.45%.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
How long will these interest rates last?
Probably not very long.
So it's a window of opportunity, which we invite you to hop right through with financial group.
And you can get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save thousands and thousands of dollars.
Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-Lend.
What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments?
A 200,000-Lend.
You pay only 786 bucks a month.
A 100,000-Lend. You pay only 3.93 a month.
Do it now. Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-Lend.
Either an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice.
5.34 APR.
3.5.6.4.
This is 420-05-16.
2 AM.
Oh!
3.5.6.4.
2.5.6.4.
As you see, K-S.
Excuse me, sir.
I'm with 5.60 WQAM.
He'd like to know, are you a sporthold?
Get them right I am.
What's your opinion?
I mean, what's your take?
On the recent changes at WQAM.
Well, I'm glad that old Fag is gone, because I want to hear sports all day.
You know, just real men talking all day about men.
I know they got that Cuban fella.
He's building in, but he talks too much about women.
He's a straight guy.
But I want to hear other men, old-go-other men's firm bucks and tighten on him.
Well, that's what sports is all about, buddy.
Give me all sports radio, where they all go men all day.
Give me all sports radio, I grab myself when I hear sports all say.
Look how fast he can run, look how fast he can joke.
That's the kind of man I'd like to hold.
Give me all sports radio, for the man I'm man.
9.17 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
Got the mad dog.
One o'clock to Sapnoon.
The Humber at Chula's at 3.00 looks like we're back to like her almost real schedule,
except of course, Hercoun hotline at 7.00.
The big 8 to 10.
Eddie K from G8's and the 2 in Jo and Mark overnight.
No ball games today.
No hockey game, no basketball game, no baseball game, no football game,
no draft show, just a good regular day of great programming for all to enjoy.
Free.
But Jim implantation, Jim Lens.
Implantation.
And I'm just going to read the letter, okay?
Lens analyze it.
In addition to which this clown that calls here that felt he had such important stuff
to say calls the last call on Moe Show and calls me to start the show here today,
back to back.
See, most of this audience doesn't care about whether Moe and I'm in fences
because most of this audience doesn't listen to a show in a first place,
and probably vice versa, except for the few Ojampravakadura radio groupies out there
that just can't show it off.
They want to stir up a bunch of crap like that guy.
See, some people would brains it rather smoke the pot.
Other people are just, they can't afford it.
They just want to stir it, you know?
And then of course you got the real loser just want to stick around and pick the seeds out.
Anyway, this letter, talk radio needs a boost.
Now, I want you to listen very carefully, even though it's a throwaway thing.
But listen to the content.
Listen to the style.
It's clear that WQM general manager Greg Reed needs to energize how our David's morning show.
And the gym manager Hank Goldberg shows need changes.
This is Jim and Plantation who's our new program directors,
if you don't have enough of those already.
David, a stand-up radio host, and of course we do know he did the show standing up with Gilday about two weeks ago
for about five minutes and then his old leverico's vanster kicking in and his sit down again.
David, a stand-up radio host, uncharacteristically,
and characteristically faded like a cheap clamor at Gulfstream Park.
Okay? Are you following that line?
They're faded like a cheap clamor at Gulfstream Park.
Oh my God, you can smell the corn and it's not coming from Iowa, D-Fo.
When a February caller asked him to comment on some Neil Rogers remarks on his show with a D.
There's no D in my name, okay?
David did it. He took one of those extra Ds on the end of David and put it in my name.
David did, who was an opinion there, everything said,
I only worry about what happens between 6 and 9 a.m.
How would give us your opinion on Rogers be it good or bad?
Has anybody done that?
Like the last 13 months, yes?
Which he's entitled.
David should inform his listeners on the specific support he thinks is lacking by WQM management.
Now you'll notice that all of this is an outgrowth of a very jack-ass column.
Remember when most of the year was disappointed in the elective support?
Remember that one?
Yes.
And also about Greg Reed saying that he need to energize this.
All of this is just a ripoff from very jack-ass.
Maybe this is very jack-ass as a bunk butt buddy.
Who knows?
However, Paul Messles should be brought in as a third personality to live it up the morning show.
And of course everybody's saying,
Who?
So I'm assuming that that must be the Pauli man since he and D-Fo are joined at this.
Are you starting to get the...
Yeah!
Messles clever, glib and very funny,
and he would add a much needed honor charismatic chemistry to the show.
Maybe some of those D-Fo losers, I mean people can let us know for sure,
but I'm pretty sure that's the Pauli man who is not funny, not a needed honor,
and they would add no chemistry to any show.
And definitely he shouldn't be on this station again ever, under penalty of death.
Even though WQM has a reputation of being cheap,
a co-host needs to be added to manage his show.
It says his man is capable of intelligent conversation in more than 30 seconds with any caller.
The competent Wolverine seems to pride himself in getting the caller off the year as soon as possible,
and he rudely cuts off the caller too soon.
All right!
Here comes that jackpot line.
Why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end?
In fact, that first guy to call this this morning, he's probably still talking.
Oh, I guarantee you.
He probably was talking all the way through his mo call,
and then all the way through our beginning of the show, the open,
and all the way through the first bit.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Anyway, why not let the caller decide when...
I mean, stop and think about that.
I have.
Let the caller decide whether he's done talking.
We have some people beyond till midnight.
Hahaha!
Then Jim and plantation goes on to say,
Jeff DeForest would add needed stick to the manage gig.
First of all, keep in mind,
manage is doing just great.
His numbers are sensational.
He's only got a two hour show, plus he only works about three days a month anyway.
Let me take a look.
Is he on all week this week?
Oh my God!
Oh!
Say just to show me up.
He's going to be on every day this week, so it says on a schedule.
But you know about our schedule.
But nevertheless, he's only got a two hour show.
He needs Jeff DeForest on a show, like I need hemorrhoids.
Like Mo needs more varicose veins.
And then it goes on to say, since the guy don't want to leave anybody out,
Glover's picture is next to the word,
B-O-R-I-N-G in the dictionary.
Where does that line come from about some of these picture being next to word in the dictionary?
Who uses that all the time?
His unpredictable color tirades are disgraced to his profession.
Why does Reed Laugover continue to be rate-colors?
I'll tell you why Jim, because it's entertaining,
because that's what we love best about Thomper,
is where he does get pissed off, and he starts bitching people out on the phone.
It's entertainment. That's what it's called.
Then it goes on to say, sports talk radio should be fun, lively, and thought-provoking.
In other major markets, sports talk radio appears likeable personalities that make for enjoyable,
color-friendly, humorous, and intelligent sports conversation.
Sonny South Florida sports talk radio deserves better.
Sonny South Florida sports talk.
This is a letter that ought to be framed, okay?
This is the kind of stuff that the Miami-Heroes waste their print,
waste their valuable space on.
Is this letter from the Jeff DeForest or from the Polyman or Jim Lensit?
Take your pick. That would be a good pull, and many pull.
Who do you think Reed wrote this letter?
Faded like a cheap clamor at Gulfstream Park?
Oh my God!
There's only one person in the history of mankind
who know that uses corny, corny lines like that.
Be foe.
Oh, brother.
Today's pull inspired by this story.
Fast food for troops.
This is a true story about the way not one that we're making up,
like the ones from White House and Dotorg, which are much more entertaining.
This is kind of entertaining.
The borders are still shut.
The diplomats have yet to travel, but on voice from pizza hut and burger king of horror.
They arrived in Iraq.
They were going to poison whoever's left.
The two fast food giants set up their first franchises inside the war-turned country,
while many aid convoys waited on the borders for the war to officially end.
In other words, they were in their first.
You following this?
Right.
The trucks, the convoys, were the good stuff.
They were on the outside, and pizza hut burger king,
their people were inside already.
And go pee ovens going.
Get that conveyor belt going.
In fact, you know something they haven't commonly.
Both youth conveyor belt.
Right.
That's a true story.
They were there to burger king.
They cooked the burgers on conveyor belt.
Am I aware of it?
They used to work there.
They got to got it slices up the tires in the back.
Right.
And they got what are they called?
They're like a mold.
You know, right?
They got the burger press.
They've used the mold and they get the little round patty of rubber.
And they stuff it to the conveyor belt.
And that's a that's a a wapper.
So wapper to law when they tell you that's a hamburger.
Anyway, the two fast food giants set up their first franchise inside the war-turned country,
while many aid convoys waited.
The arrival of the two restaurants cited inside giant trailers on a British military base near Basra,
won a rapturous welcome from soldiers whose limited range of rations lost to repeal many weeks ago.
But some offices were less than keen on the new arrivals,
which are due to start selling food today since this is yesterday's store.
Yeah.
Today.
I would prefer we got decent showers and toilets sorted out.
First muttered one high ranking officer.
Yeah, they're going to need those toilets.
Fast food outlets are common in US bases including Camp Doha and Kuwait.
But it's believed to be the first time they've been set it inside a British military base.
We'll get even with those bastards put down the spotted dick.
Here's a wapper.
Another officer was directly involved in the franchise process.
He said it's an Americanism.
We usually have them off the base, but because it's still a war zone, we have to give them protection.
Promotion to open a restaurant was granted to the army and they'll be run by existing franchise holders from Kuwait
with a percentage of any profits going to charity.
But soldiers waiting for a brewery franchise to be ordered are set for disappointment as military chiefs have already vetoed any booze being sold on the base,
which is hummed almost 8,000 British soldiers.
A spokesman for the two restaurants, Atef Bussent said, I hope we do good business here.
That's what Atef said.
I hope we do it a good business here.
I do like that.
Burger King and pizza Hut.
So that's our pull-up question today.
There's my inspiration for it.
Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free?
I love this pull.
I only put down three just to get started.
I'm sure we'll have many other suggestions.
McDonald's.
And I would be lying if I said that because I've eaten the McDonald's like I've told you.
I don't even admit that I like Matt Damon today.
I'm really coming out of the closet.
Why?
Because I saw a little bit of goodwill hunting last night with the Robin Williams and Matt Damon.
I'd take it.
It looked like a pretty interesting flick.
Nothing wrong with Matt Damon.
Believe me.
In my book.
Anyway, McDonald's pizza Hut and Burger King.
Did you say something else?
No, I'm having difficulty choosing between pizza Hut and Burger King.
Okay, and then we'll add some other, a whole bunch of other ones in here.
Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free?
And I have one other one on the bottom.
I don't want to mention who inspired me for this.
If it's free, I'll eat it.
Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, yeah.
If it's free, I'll eat it.
We'll put that as another choice.
You keep in track of these now?
Yes, we are.
Good.
Speaking of it's free, I'll eat it.
The beast says he's delighted with his free food.
Now, I'll be free for you, but no matter how much you pay, it's worth it to lose the weight and save your life.
You get healthy and looking great, putting on some real-size clothing.
The beast has lost 62 pounds.
On balance, for life, please still don't look all that great, but nevertheless, he's getting there.
If you want to lose the weight if you're frustrated with all the other fad diets that you've tried,
maybe you lost some weight on some of them then you gain it right back.
Here's the answer for you.
Balance for life.
No cooking, no shopping, no clean, no worries.
No calorie counting, no carb counting, just great results.
Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs,
and they do all the figuring out for you.
They deliver to your door a little black sack every morning by 6 a.m. to your home, to your work reverts,
more convenient for you.
And all your food for the day is in your sack.
You get to choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program.
That's the only choice you'll have to make.
The food is fresh and delicious.
There are chicken dishes and veal dishes.
All kinds of good stuff in there.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right in your little sack.
And like I said, you'll be full.
You won't be starving by the end of the day.
Nothing frozen, nothing artificial.
So if you're sick and tired of being fat, if you're being unhealthy, which believe me, fat is what it's all about.
Let balance for life help you lose the weight, the painless, delicious weight.
Call them today and you can be a lot better looking than the beast before you even hang up the phone.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29.
9-5-4-568-32-29, or check them out on our wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
My name is Luke Owen.
We're sports radio five cities, you a few a.m.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, a year listing to the Hockey Authority, Neil God!
Clear Channel wants you to show your support in our rally for Pax America.
We'll be scheduling one in your town sure.
Show call your local clear channel on the corner and shine up now.
All 50 of you will be supplied with our handheld patriotic signs of hate and will be invited to enjoy our Texas-style Christian barbecue, while flipping off liberal dissenters.
The festivities will be kept off with a community book burning on fire.
All you have to remember is March Forward in Lockstab and don't blink your eyes.
Hey, you blink your eyes.
We have patriotism, not a little book leader.
The talented film Henry was once one of those.
So we took him downstairs to the quiet room.
We were aware that you're a nice guy, Mr. Henry.
I was a nice guy myself once.
Yeah.
Oh, I had my share of liberal views in the past.
And I found out Mr. Henry that the world is a school of business.
Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity?
Yeah, but let me say something for some.
There is only a need for clear channel, general electric, halibut, big tell, amaco, chevron and show.
Okay, from now on, Mr. Henry.
Yeah.
No.
Well, they all know perverted caracters liberal dissenters.
Okay, because Mr. Henry, you're on radio, dummy.
All right.
Okay, okay, okay.
I'm 33 at 560.
There's a guy, he sucks, okay?
W to QAM.
Now, this fact that you just sent me, this guy's getting too chronic.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I just hand writing some convicts.
I mean, daily.
I'm not sending anything wrong with it, but just give it a little bit of rest.
Okay, there's some people who want me to do the show is kind of like a running commentary with them on a personal basis.
You know what I'm saying?
Do I know what you're saying?
Right.
That's not the way it works.
Although I do think it's a really good idea to let the colors decide when they're done.
Sure.
Well, how about the factors?
Let them decide.
So, if you want to hear me, here's Miami.
Hello.
The dog's done.
I can tell you that.
I'll tell you the day so far.
He's the dog's done.
If you could smell it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
That was probably Jim Lens callin' from Plantation.
Come on, Jim.
Callin'.
Callin' if they're really is a Jim.
I bet she sounds a lot like D4 or the Pollyman.
What a joke.
What a piece.
Thanks a lot, Moe, for turning us out of that letter.
But, anyway, it was all bad out of shape that some jackass during the building put it in everybody's mailbox.
In a place that feeds on negativity so bad, we have so much negativity in this place.
Why would some jackass go around and put this letter?
See, the reason he's upset is because it takes such a nasty shot at him.
You know?
Although it takes pretty much every shot at everybody else.
But the fact that it starts out with a shot at him.
And the show needs some, what was it?
Because I already schmit can't litter.
What was the award?
The line?
Oh, I saved it.
It's down here at the bottom though.
It needs something.
Like an animal.
Here it is.
It needs, then the gray needs to energize it.
And why does Greg allow this?
Why don't you send a letter to Greg instead, okay, Jim?
In fact, call up Barry Jackass.
I'll get a hold of Greg for it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on AT&T and Verizon Line.
Let's see, I'm, even though we'll put a lot of others on here.
I'm already voting for Burger King.
I started to say before I interrupted myself.
I can't put down McDonald's because in Amsterdam I have already admitted to.
I probably in a future again will eat there.
Because the food there is so bad.
At least McDonald's, you can do your actions with not eating the bun.
I know what you're going to get.
I voted for the other one, the Hut.
I voted for Burger King.
I would, pizza I used to bring us food at Zeta was pretty good.
I used to make special stuff for us.
Not the ordinary pedestrian stuff to get in the other cookie cutter stuff.
How you doing, Red?
Wasn't Red the Zoltan's father-in-law or somebody?
I don't know, I thought he was in construction or something.
His father-in-law.
Get out of here, okay?
Hey Carlos, you got that new chair seat?
My ass is all fitted.
Because I heard that the one George's been sitting and got cooters.
A cooties.
Twenty votes on there.
Eleven people said if it's free I'll eat it.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
I do you like that?
In other words, if it's free it's me.
Right.
Four for McDonald's, three for pizza and two for Burger King.
And well I'd like I said any place else you want.
Anything.
Here's Miami, hello.
Yes, Molly can't do it no more, Molly.
I guess we should let him go on all the way.
He was done.
Are you sure he was done?
No, I'm not sure. Let's call him back.
Oh, for all he wants to eat him no more.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty, honey, eight, eighteen, ten for rising line.
I see line nine, it's never real call.
Just like that first call.
Here's Miami, hello.
I got to follow that guy now.
Yeah, it should be easy.
Well listen, putting slavery in the same category with those other ones.
I think it was unfair because it was a bunch of poor broke people getting there.
This is the same guy to call before.
Yes it is.
Yeah.
And he's called back again now, line nine.
Don't answer line nine, okay?
But like I said, there's some people that think we're going to do the whole show for them.
He wasn't turned.
He was done before the phone rang the first time.
You're crazy, first one.
This guy must have gotten a bad batch of goods over the weekend or something, you know what?
Man, it must have been something really strange in his Easter basket.
Here's Miami, hello.
So it's white, I was sweet pooled, had.
What?
I didn't get it.
It was the whispering guy.
Here's Miami, hello.
Yeah, I'm sorry, that was my dog, that was another dog, I'm at the bed trying to get rid of my dog.
Anyway, may I go on the gridder?
Well, you know, I'm trying to get her better, I said the wrong thing.
No, you're trying to get rid of it.
Don't praise this car, Carlos.
And don't give that first color your home address in Toronto there, you know, in frog land.
So anyway, I'm curious, I have type 2 diabetes, one reason I'm calling you is because I know that you have some type of diabetes.
I'm not sure what it is, but I've been eating grapes lately and it lowers your blood sugar.
I can't even, I know it does not.
But it's a meal at mind's one 12 this morning.
I couldn't believe it.
And that's without fluke bars, no drugs, no nothing.
It's a great, sir, eating grapes does not lower your blood sugar.
There must be some other reason.
Graves are loaded with sugar.
I know it sounds amazing, but a drink red wine is the same thing, so it's gotta be the red grape.
Because I didn't get anything else yesterday.
I ate some cookies that I would have, would have been one of those.
Well, if he read grapes and moderation and won't, he won't hurt your blood sugar, but it certainly isn't going to bring it down.
I couldn't believe it. I just say that.
I was like, what's that? That I had one 12, you know?
Without drugs?
Great.
You want to tell you that because I don't know what your situation is, but I thought I'd just tell you that, you know?
Well, my sugar was 120, so I'm afraid all the way to need any red grapes.
I guess if I would have popped a few of those, I might have gotten it down a few points.
But they're not taking any drugs?
Yeah, take lineies.
Okay, but I'm off that after four and a half months.
No, I'm gonna go out and buy me a bunch today. How do you like that?
Do it, do it. I'm telling you.
I'm gonna go out and find me a big red bunch.
One last thing.
Yeah.
For the first color, but what do you call a 70 white guy, Chase the Black guy?
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I think his time was up.
Wasn't that called on?
He wasn't done.
He was done.
WDQA, am I any...
Oh, man!
Yeah.
Please.
Enjoy your job.
Oh.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Hey, my name's Rob.
Oh, brother. We got a good crowd today.
Let's go back to the screen.
It's okay. It's a lot better, Carlos.
You don't need to put anybody on hold.
Look how great we were doing before.
And have we had any suggestions for the poor yet?
No.
No.
No.
By fax. You're getting it now.
Why do we know who needs the...
Why do you want your faxing?
Why can't you just tell me what they are?
You just are compelled to waste my fax paper.
Yes.
Polish up that seat, Carlos.
I mean, how long can these be?
Oh, here's at least a piece of copy.
Nice going, Adam.
That sales department, man.
You can't complain about the work they're doing because they ain't doing any.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
That play...
I'm not going to go into it.
I don't want to let Moe get me started.
About that place.
You can't complain about the job management's doing either because they sure is how they're doing one.
How are you doing a job on somebody?
Let's see the correct answer.
Ha ha ha ha.
This is another chronic faxer.
I should point out.
The correct answer.
The food sold outside of the orange bowl or Joe Robbie's stadium before ball games.
So what do we...
Yeah, what do we do that?
Huh?
Street meat.
No, that's not street meat.
South Florida stadium food.
Huh?
Okay.
Well, that's the best I can condense it.
South Florida stadium food.
That's the best I can do at this point.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
I'm sure you've heard that Michael Moore's film, Only for Columbine, will not be released to video in Hollywood video or blockbuster tomorrow.
It isn't being released anywhere tomorrow.
Which is looking...
I thought we could...
Can I say something?
Can I say something?
Yes.
We had a call on Friday because I was going to go out and get it over the weekend and they postponed the release date until obvious because they're going to put it back in the theaters because the response was so great.
So rather than put it out in the video or DVD, they're going to like postpone the release anyway.
So this is not censorship in the audience?
Well, it will be because I'm sure that come August when it is out. They won't put it in there either.
All right, thank you.
Okay, you're welcome.
Is that... should be a big surprise?
Anybody surprised?
No.
We got censorship in America, no.
But it isn't interesting though. You notice that...
You know, he was okay, but he didn't want to let me say anything either.
But we should definitely let the callers decide when they're done.
Let me give you a good example of that, okay?
Yeah, he was done, see?
No, that's the way it works.
Just what we need now is instruction on how to do a talk station here from some jackass and plantation.
I noticed hasn't called in and that's why because I maybe default can't do a good job of disguising his voice.
My mind and look for a call in this is sports radio five city.
Way to a end.
Food, food, food.
Hi, this is Jeff the Flores with the Farah Fickin' nose restaurant.
They got good food here.
I like it and it tastes good too.
Heafen bowl pulls of food like clams placebo.
Zuper the jokashi.
Bistecca aligratiola.
And of course, my personal favorite scallopini or a fungi.
You can enjoy a fine wine with your meal.
I personally recommend any green springs or a grandma bowl.
They got great desserts here too, like pasta the jjordi and run around soup.
Capara picin' nose restauranti is conveniently located right across the street from Jefferson's.
That's Capara picin' nose restauranti for fine Italian diner.
Just tell him Jeff the Flores sent you and bon appetit.
For the Jim from Plant Patient 946 and 560,
but that kind of faded out like a cheap clamor in a fourth-risk adult theme, you know?
Woo!
Every duty.
New York Times reports it's on our website to full story with 101st Airborne Division South of Baghdad,
Iraq April 20th.
The scientists who claims to have worked in Iraq's chemical weapons program for more than a decade
has told an American military team that Iraq destroyed chemical weapons and biological warfare
equipmentally days before the war began, members of the team be Sam.
They said the scientists let Americans to a supplied material approved to be the building blocks of illegal weapons,
the building blocks of illegal weapons.
When she claimed to have buried his evidence of her max, illicit weapons programs.
The scientists also told American weapons experts that her records secretly sell
unconventional weapons and technology to...
Syria?
Yeah, good guess.
Starting in the mid-1990s, in a more recently Iraq was cooperating without kind of the military official said,
they didn't identify the scientists saying they feared he might be subject to reprisal.
Hmm, right.
So the game goes on.
I mean the beat goes on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
I guess maybe this poll isn't as exciting as I thought it was going to be, huh?
Because we got a lot of freeloaders out there.
Basically that's it.
Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free?
If it's free, I'll eat it 34.
McDonald's 17, pizza at 8, burger at 8.
We haven't put the stadium food up there yet.
But we will.
And maybe we won't get any more selections, huh?
You think it's possible.
WQAM.
Yeah, near the left, I was on my computer and I was my kids were watching Annie in the other room.
And I had a near-large moment.
Do you know what that is?
They were watching what?
Annie, the movie.
Yeah.
And I heard of the phrase,
she says, my God, is that thing real?
That's where it came from, obviously.
No.
It is.
Yeah, it's killed from that from Annie.
Right.
God, is that thing real?
That sounds like her immediately.
Exactly.
Like I said, that's where it came from, pretty sure.
And don't eat a denny's, man.
I used to dishes while I was canning.
Oh.
Can we put denny's on?
Okay, thank you.
Huh?
Okay, denny's.
See, we'll get some other ones on here.
They seem reluctant to or give us any choices.
In fact, I don't know if it's true or not, but I've heard some people tell me that when they bring the food to your table at denny's, a lot of people say,
My God, is that thing real?
That could be just not going to be rumor.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
They do have their good mother-hopper pies, at least they used to.
I think somebody told me they don't have them anymore.
The mother-butter pies?
Yeah, I forgot what that story was.
Yeah, somebody had a story.
There's so many stories.
I noticed Jim from Plantation who wrote that letter, who was obviously a very, very close and critical listener every moment of every day of this radio station.
No, the sea isn't called in yet.
Because the polyman's still trying to perfect a voice that we won't recognize right away.
And nobody's even called into identify.
What was the guy's name, Paul Watt?
Paul Messell?
Paul Messell.
And he writes this in here as if the public might be reading this crap.
It's supposed to know who that is.
I'm only assuming because the only Paul I know that was out with Mepho was the polyman, who was like join to him at the hip.
And I understood with brokering time on Waxi or something for like about 15 minutes today because it's all he could afford.
What are we talking about here, man?
Typical South Florida crap.
God.
WDQIM.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Let me speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, this is Scott.
How are you?
Okay, Scott.
Scott went there and it was good.
Just like it says, why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end?
And Scott decided, oh, that was the end of the conversation.
He was done.
That was good. Good going, Scott.
WDQIM.
It's got the side.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
How about Arby's?
Arby's?
Yeah.
It comes in a big ball.
Okay, thanks.
Arby's is good.
Finally, they still don't understand the screenless thing.
I guess it must have been a rough holiday weekend.
Maybe they were like rolling the eggs a little bit too hard and the Easter eggs too.
Or maybe they ate too much of that Cadbury's Easter egg candy.
Oh, God.
I'll confess, you know, the mini eggs.
Yeah.
I bought two little bags.
I bought two little bags.
Okay, there's like a, there's like about eight or nine in each little bag.
And they were the small ones too.
They're not the big ones like in the family side.
Like those big gigantic ones that are pouring out of the Kentucky Fried Basket.
Right.
I think you've shown you.
Have you seen that ad?
Yes.
Oh, yeah, a million times.
Looks like there's about 45 million eggs in that damn thing.
Forget the chicken.
Just give me the Cadbury chocolate.
Oh, God, those things are disgustingly good.
Mmm, you can't eat only 500.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
The sun has started to shine through the, we had a little bit of rain overnight here.
It's going to be 60, 5, 60, 8 here today.
Something like that.
Tomorrow I'm going to be an assty day here to make you feel better.
Okay.
Actually down to two late in the afternoon and maybe some snow florets.
Oh!
Just like the last little taste of winter.
You know?
So beside, you know, the West now virus in the SARS and maybe a little bit of snow.
Other than that, there's not too much to worry about.
And the least thing can I join out, which tonight will probably be the end.
Well, what a dreadful performance.
They missed a bus to the arena in Philly the other day.
What a horrendous performance on Saturday.
Grotesque, unbelievably bad.
Owen Nolan and Gary Roberts.
You're like that bed that, uh, Fat Boy got me here.
Invisible.
Hey Fat Boy, you're full of crap, sweetheart.
W-Q-I-M.
Yes, sir.
Who?
Let me try one more time.
Q-I-M, hello.
Ah-ha.
How did I know it?
Boy, they're all out in full force today, aren't they?
Wow.
Wow, feeding frenzy.
You're asking if it's a holiday today?
Yeah.
It's something.
It is something.
W-Q-I-M.
Uncle Mio?
Yes.
I've got a couple for you.
Okay.
Miami Sub has to be the world's worst food in America.
Okay.
I know one of your favorites, Little Red Caboose, they suck.
And every goddamn buffet in America.
Okay.
Quit while you're ahead.
Okay, let's see.
Miami Sub's and Little Red Caboose.
John Donnell mine.
Crazy John.
He don't mind it.
He'll turn you loose and he'll admit it.
56670560.
Here's a good story on WhiteHouse.org, which you really need to check out that website.
Paint your Easter eggs with error blood.
Oh!
I don't have time to read that these are so long, you know.
But I give you like a little tease.
It says, Easter time is coming.
My friends and its gods will this year that our nation's Christian troops will be celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ by festively prancing about knee deep in error blood.
Friends, the time is right for the Lords returning the signs are everywhere, even little Mormon harlots have abandoned their vagabond sex slaves to return home to prepare for the final days in a book deal.
I believe that Jesus might be on his way back to work just in time for Easter.
The signs are everywhere.
You think I'm plumbing under the lingering legacy of the Vaniril disease ridden scum will built clinton is bad.
Just went until the Lord sends pink slips through every secular scientist in the land who dares to go nosing about beyond the pages of the trusted King James Bible for so called information.
And it goes on just a tease to get to look at that website.
But my favorite though is still a bunch of beans.
See that now you spoil it.
That's from their head.
That's how they haven't listed.
I know but now they're not going to rub their their well they'll rub it.
Will they?
They're probably a big part of this audience to be rubbing it twice past their exposures perverted little cartoon character.
This is even worse than the tinky winky.
Complete shock filled the land over Baptist main sanctuary last Sunday is pastored deacon Fred revealed in graphic detail.
Decadent hidden sexual messages in the popular cartoons series fung Bob square pants.
Mrs. Ida Denkins who was seated in the first pew fainted in the middle of the presentation had to be rushed to land over Baptist hospital.
Church Usher Bob Hallberg had an immediate reaction to the slideshow that went straight to his stomach.
He vomited so forcefully that pieces of his steaming breakfast was sprayed across nearly 15 pews.
All total at least two dozen church members became physically ill after being exposed to the disgusting garbage that Hollywood is pumping into our children's heads.
I found out about this disgusting little yellow cartoon character quite by accident said pastored deacon Fred.
I was laying on the couch with my grandson and must have fallen asleep so he was unmonitored in front of the television set.
When I woke up my head had leaned back over the side of the couch.
My neck was cramed in such a way that I was looking at the TV set upside down.
I reacted immediately to what I saw there was able to flip over and grab my grandson by his hair and fling him across the room.
Thankfully knocking him unconscious long enough for me to get to remote control and switch back to Fox News
where they were showing godly footage of our Christian troops blowing up ignorant or radiacs.
I have no idea how much metal damage my grandson suffered while he was exposed to that cartoon while I was asleep.
But I'll tell you what, I won't hesitate to sue the bastard that put this junk on TV if we found out anything happened to my grandson.
Oh, this is this is perfect.
Check these stories out and much much more on WhiteHouse.org.
My life and look all this is 4.356.
You can't wait to come away.
Origins, dumb as dirt.
Deliver maximum performance to your engine with Aravaco's new Type-O formula, specially refined by Haliburton.
Aravaco Type-O contains depleted uranium to prevent the deep red ooze from coagulating your fuel system and helps filter out the teeth and bone from clogging your injectors.
Adding more horsepower to your SUV, even regular cars that the sending withdrawals still choose to drive.
So, Aravaco, happy now.
Illure up with Aravaco Type-O and fly the flag proudly.
You can expect more from Aravaco and you'll get it when you put a dead child in your tank.
Well, look at that. Somebody did a little homework for us. There are two gymlenses in plantation.
Do you have one to call him?
No, we don't. I would think that the earliest you could do is call us. I'll bet he sounds a lot like PD Lenny.
I'm thinking I'm... During the break I'm thinking who really wrote that letter?
PD Lenny.
Alright.
Then a big sense to you? Sure, we discussed that.
Being as tight as he is with DFO and the polyman that whole crowd of alluzers, I mean, um guys, childrens.
Yeah, real chums.
And of course, a couple of good parting shots at Moe and in the obvious intentional misfelling of my last name to throw off suspicion.
And then a little shot at the Humper that he was always ripping.
And anyway, PD Lenny, go do some work, okay?
I'm sure we're going to be getting lots and lots of stuff from him since he's going to have a lot of time on his hands.
And he's also speaking and having a lot of communications.
We're having a problem between Carlos and Eric again or those two out at it again.
The streaming is down. Something like that.
It was down. He says it's not anymore, but I just revealed the rest of the list.
Now, there you go. Start it up again.
Because I'm looking at the list here. We're trying to build a poll a little bit and South Florida.
A stadium food is not on there, which I'm sure will get lots of choices.
RBs is not on area. Miami sub and little red caboose. It'll turn you loose.
Is that on area? Huh?
Should be on any second because he does have those.
I have a little, uh, I understand it's Monday.
Oh, Roadhouse Grill. It's his.
I can't read that on here, but that's cute.
I love the kind like the elevator is a Q.A.M.
Although we do have the certificates in there.
So Roadhouse Grill, let's get out on that on there.
I'm not going to even write these down. You write them down?
Yes. Because of a feeling they're not going to show up anyway.
Here is one that says the worst least funny show of all time was D.Fo and his idiot friends on that Saturday morning trivia show.
And it's a live release. I heard it on 8.50. Yeah.
It was called D.Fo. Who is the station?
And basically what they did for whatever amount of money or trade out or something.
They just they they handed over a couple of hours on a Saturday morning and let him whore the place.
It was just bizarre.
And it was always there with his cast with the Pauli man and Scott from, uh,
that's where that all started from the Lennie City.
So, uh, the subs where he brought him in and kind of let him have the run of the place like a little child.
Like we used to do with manages kids that I would even for the destroyed whole building.
Don't forget Gurgley.
Who is that? Uh, Dave Gurgley?
Yeah. Dave Gurgley makes those.
Gurgley sound.
Please keep him in those unfunny idiots away.
A Greg besides Moe is good for our show.
Uh, if the void is filled with more colors, I'll be sad.
Says G.F.
And that's a good point.
Where would we be without Moe?
That's what Moe always says.
Of course somehow I've managed 26 years before he came along.
But he certainly has spiced it up by being such an ass.
He spiced up his ass.
No question about it.
We love Moe.
We love having him there.
We don't love him personally, but we like having him there.
5, 6, 7, 05 and then of course he's brought all his great colors to the station like Stuttering Steve and Juan.
And, uh, who might leave it out?
Richie from Borussia.
Even though Richie from Borussia and Mark, the Jets fan, they're back of course.
What the hell would this station do without them?
W-D-Q-I-M?
Sure.
Don't want to talk to Neal.
But, yeah.
Please stay off the air.
You check.
Tell me to Q-I-M.
Hey Neal.
Yes sir.
Listen, I got a good uh, station.
I mean a good restaurant.
Good station.
Exon.
How about Denny's?
It's already on there sweetheart.
He was done.
Was he done?
I pressed the button before I asked him if he was done.
I'll start doing that.
Are you done?
Of course I'll ask if I already pressed that drop button.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I mean that's got to be one of the great lines.
Stop and think about it.
Why not let the color decide when the conversation should end?
Especially the colors that we get on talk radio.
Not just in this market, but from coast to coast from pillar to coast.
Yeah, we'll let you decide when you're done.
In fact, I will say this if there's one thing that I do that's really bad.
Besides showing up every day.
If there's one other thing that's a bad mistake, I'll let people go on too long.
Get these jackasses.
Oh, you cut people off too soon.
You never let people disagree.
I let people go on way too long.
I mean, there reaches a point when you say you have to know.
After the first 100 years, you have to know, hey this guy ain't going to have anything to say.
This guy's a jackass.
You know what he's talking about?
Or for whatever the reason.
Or this guy's just boring.
I've had people over the years who like had something to say,
but they were so boring in their presentation that you could just hear the heads hitting against the floor.
You could hear the people diving for their radio dial.
Right.
Board them.
We're in the entertainment business.
We're in the boredom killing business like Howard Beale said.
We're out here to let people to drone on.
That's why I'm always saying, hey, we ought to take about 20,000 calls today.
Because if you do take 20,000, you might get,
how many good ones do you think you might get?
3rd man.
Yeah, and you're being optimistic.
W-Q-A-M.
I-E-I.
W-Q-A-M.
He wasn't done.
Hey, who's done?
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Why do you all think so alone, have a bit of...
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hi.
You want a nice, nasty food?
Yeah.
Swap shop food.
The Swap shop is bad food.
Swap shop is bad food.
What is it?
I stand raps in a fire.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
Bevin stressed?
Get back to your pregnancy, I'm going to be the center.
Get back to your pregnancy, you're seeing things.
You're lungs, right?
Yes, I'm lung aging.
Say I'm gonna try to take such an extra video with me.
You're working on your mother.
Okay, thank you.
I think it is cool.
It is amazing to see it.
You know what, it's all in here, right?
free to lay which is the reals, the York State.
The ticket company, they own Taco Bell, they own Pizza Hut and KFC.
Okay, I have to say the girl.
Yeah, I'm done.
Later, yeah.
Okay, you're done.
I do like Taco Bell.
I'm not putting Taco Bell on her because just out of respect, right.
What kind of a self-respecting human being would say they wouldn't eat a Taco Bell
and they give it to him for free?
I can't buy that.
Somebody will say that and you know what?
Tough, tough to do.
And a distance which they're not going to offer for free anyway, so you lose.
I love Taco Bell.
I do believe we got, there are some Taco Bells around here.
Are we lucky?
Hey, and after the night's game at the Air Canada Center, we're going to have lots of time
to be in the Taco Bell.
And anywhere else we feel like it, all of us.
Watch out for the SARS.
WQA, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering, who is that idiot that does the traffic report on the QAM now?
There you go.
You honestly don't know who that is?
I have no clue, yeah.
It's your store.
Dad's traffic.
I'm Mark Morgan on Sports Radio 560, Q8M.
You mean that one?
That's a lot.
He was done.
He just wanted to hear it.
Thank you, sir, for encouraging me to play that one more time.
There's nothing in the world like Mark Morgan in the morning.
Dad's traffic.
I'm Mark Morgan on Sports Radio 560.
Q8M.
Q8M.
Sounds like somebody sluited some positivity up his neck.
That's when he sang it, you know?
Doesn't sound like that.
Well, he said it felt like a suppository.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I got a great story here about cheap channel.
It's long.
I'm going to get to it.
I'm going to read the whole thing.
Carl, someone we had on her yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
It's great.
It is so great.
David Ross is going to be throwing his radio at the wall when he hears this.
There is shill.
Yeah, you're a bunch of, you're a bunch of phonies, okay?
You're a right-wing organization.
You have no credibility.
And of course, they don't really care anyway because what they want is for Michael Powell
and the FCC, let them buy Apollo rest of the radio station, which is fine with us.
Buy out this one, okay?
Just write me a check.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Nice knowing you.
You gray robbing assholes.
God.
WQAM.
Speak to me, please.
Speaking.
How are you?
You ever heard of that fish to the left?
Fish to the right.
Fish to the left?
Fish to the right.
What does that mean?
The poly man, are they coming back or that's the rumor going around?
Well, what does that mean?
Fish to the left?
What does that mean?
I remember the commercial they used to do for some kind of a fish store down in Broward
or something.
No, no.
I blocked him out of my mind.
Because we're all hoping that he comes back and try to lie when he's not that morning
show.
He's not cutting it.
He's not cutting it at all.
You know, a little fail, I would say.
Are you done?
No.
You're confusing his show with a herpes.
No, you're done.
He's confusing Moe show with a herpes.
Still.
And he's right about that part, but the idea that the poly man is going to do it no chance.
He must have, you know what the poly man must be on a crusade here.
He must have his three listers calling in and to write and live as to the editor.
The poly man.
Oh, God.
See, that's another thing we can thank D-4-4.
He has left a legacy of such swill hanging on his behind.
Right, oh, geez.
Somebody give him some, get him in touch with Mr. Whipple.
God.
Let's see, PepsiCo spun off pizza and Taco Bell.
See, I told you, I was a little bit right.
But percent was our red on that.
But third man.
Spongebob pizza and Taco Bell and other stuff.
Burger King was part of Pillsbury.
Don't know if the sale from Pillsbury has been completely.
It's one of our chronifics.
Oh, look at this.
Another new piece of copy.
Oh, wow.
How do you like that?
When you bitch house a sales department, they really finally get their rank together.
Very, very, very slowly.
Did this just come in or did I have to sit down here?
I haven't touched anything lately.
Oh, no, I just had to sit down here.
Like I said, they still suck.
Separate Adam and of course Troy the boy has trodden around at all.
Haven't seen him lately.
Well, he did Troy's transfer.
He's laying down on the job.
Maybe he's on vacation.
Yeah.
And then we have the whole place is on it.
This is what he started.
He said we got a nice four day vacation for the entire staff.
If Muff is out, she's out, out and about probably in Providence town.
Clarence, have you seen Clarence yet today?
Yes, we have.
He brought us our direct deposit slips.
Well, wasn't it?
And I thought that was it's payday week.
It's just Friday's the official Friday.
And also I just want the audience to know we're just killing some time today through Thursday
because Friday the book comes out.
This is a monumentous occasion because Carlos gets his first direct deposit slip today.
He doesn't have to wait around in the ground.
Well, that proves right there.
He's getting ready to slide in.
10, 13 at 560.
So I covered up.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you've
got to go to Barbecue's Galora.
Don't forget, get you a head start on the barbecuing season with the perfect grill
and accessories, all of the guaranteed lowest prices.
Barbecue's Galora carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial
grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill, which is the one
I got and I love it.
For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget shop Barbecue's
presentation on University, driving a fountain shopping center called 9.5.4.
4.2.3.4.
400 and a crawl springs at 7485 West Sample Road at the corner sample in Rock Island
roads, call 9.5.4.75.766.68.
75766.68.
Barbecue's Galora, they be the Barbecue's Specialists.
5 and a local, they're 6560.
The radio's on your side.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
I'm not a cute way.
56670560.
566008.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
18.
19.
15 notice.
19.
18.
19.
He's 30.
19ne when heAngels wheel of hell.
23.
I worked at the cable company and I just have to pledge a listen to you on the internet today and you doing the work there.
And tell George and my book you the best.
Okay. Okay. Have a good day. And you know my book for the poll is Dennis. Man, they have terrible service. Okay.
Now are you finished? I want to say one thing. 530, man.
See how well that worked out. 560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T and we said,
Dennis, they said nausea. Okay. And I don't think they got the mother hummer pies anymore either.
We got some confirmation from Greg Reed that that is the polyman, the Paul miscell character.
There you go. What did I tell you? The polyman and me fo and PD Lenny all combining here.
They probably just took this guy's name out of the phone book or just maybe even made it up or maybe he knows them.
PD Lenny writing this discourse here to the Miami-Herald is this grateful treatise.
I think you ought to treat us a lot better. I'll tell you that. What garbage here?
And pick it on everybody. It doesn't really take a shot of me but it just mow it.
Well, what's your opinion on Rogers be it good or bad? And the misfelling of my name is so obvious.
How many people put a D in Rogers?
About 30 men.
God. PD Lenny, the fine hand of PD Lenny and his boyfriends is right here who's just tied like into a nut,
like a human pretzel with the polyman and DFO. And I got news for you, polyman.
It'll be a cold day in hell when you're on QA again. I'll guarantee you that right now over my freaking dental stale body.
As a matter of fact, when I do croak, which could be any day, when I do croak, whether it's from SARS or West now or just old age or just being the third of this crap,
they're going to strap my body right up to the door to keep him out.
My kid will give me after the first week or two but nevertheless probably have the desired effect.
The freaking polyman. Oh God.
You realize what Jeff DeForest did to us? Seriously. It's not just the polyman and not just the Gurdmiumeister, whatever his name was,
but you had Scott from my Lanny City subs that we had a cent Ira to rehab to just get over to be him with that guy.
And all of the other losers, the hangers on the racetrack crowd, Lester Green shirt, all of those people.
And those awful puns that were stiller than last year's Mata.
Hey, DFO, good luck to you over there and at the Cheap Channel state, whatever had you wrong, but go away.
You know, enough is enough already. He was never a friend of mine. I'll tell you that.
All these people ate these Turyide. Oh gee, we need to get DFO back. No, we don't.
In fact, I'm starting like Mo and Kelly a lot more every day. You notice how bad the show was? I mean, no, without guilty, they out sick? No, I didn't notice.
When he's when get when Mo is there alone too much, too much Mo, you know, too much of that Mo too much of that ego in there.
That pomposity. I mean, three hours to that in the morning is just a little bit too much. You know how much? About three hours.
5.670560, down 560, WQAM, is this Jim Lenz? No, Neil.
Oh, sorry. How are you? I'm all right. Listen, Neil, on a page 16A of the Scum Sentinel today is a picture suitable for framing or either on your website.
That dottering old Polo off there, given a big high up, you might want to check that out.
You had a Polp. Yeah. Hold on, that Polo, go, yeah? We love him. Was he given a signal? Yes. Did you see the pictures of the services yesterday? He can barely even move. They were schlepping him around.
He's incredible. He just keeps going on and on. Yeah, he, well, he's going to have a cup of tea one of these nights.
Cool, cool. I'm done. Okay, good. You know something? That was excellent. I like that. That's the new, that's the new deal.
You know, when you call this radio station, when you're done, I'm done. Just like a little kid goes to the tour, you know, when you're potty training your little, I'm done.
Yeah. Now, cute. Thank you, Jim Lenz in plantation for one of the most. And Mo was getting upset about this. You got to lighten up a little bit, Mo. You got to lighten up a little bit. Okay.
Even I would die that her piece of couple of shades lighter couldn't hurt. Good God. Getting all been out of shape over something that's given us already an hour and a half a great material.
I don't even get any of my good stories yet. I will, but this is, you know, I love it. It's great. Plus, like I said, we're just, we're just killing some time here this week until Friday when the book comes up.
The pressure now, you know, on us on the one hand, if all the right wingers get the diaries, we'll have will owe points, you know, but that's to be expected.
At least we got a good cup out there. But in the morning, there will be no excuses this time.
He had that really good January. That's still going to be in their January February marches. They would have booked and then of course a very, very mediocre February.
So Marches, his, his fate lies in an addition to which the book comes out Friday and then you know what Saturday is, don't you?
It's the draft party. Oh, and that's the day he keeps threatening. He's not going to be there at the mall. He and manager are supposed to be at the mall. But he's going to talk mad dog into joining him.
Yeah, there's a Chinaman's chance in hell at mad dog ain't going to be there for the draft show. Okay.
So he gets a bad book on Friday and doesn't show it the draft show on Saturday. Don't expect to see him like next Monday. I'm just mentioning that to you, George. Okay.
Since you in here so tight. Yeah. 27 past 10 at 560 WQN. Here's some more great Neil deals. That's what they specialize in at Haloponti X GMC.
For over 35 years, they've been specialized in great deals. But since they fell in love with me, Tom Lavin and Joe Prieto and other Neil deals, you know, a little boost to that big, big ego of mine.
Neil deal number one at Haloponti X GMC. Right now, get 0% financing for up to 60 months and every party actor GMC in stock.
Neil deal number two gets you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in potty act in stock. That is correct. Like Bob Eisenberg tells us it up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car or truck in stock.
Right now, as I speak, at Haloponti X GMC and Neil deal number three, if you're currently a GM smart, Lisa smart by customer, you drive a Chevy Blazer, old bravado or GMC Jimmy by or lease you a new potty
actor GMC and extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Haloponti X, drive the all new and powerful potty act grand prix, which is pretty damn nifty. You can't afford a Corvette. Haloponti X and 134, one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day of your life except Christmas day open every day, seven days a week for more info called the Neil deal hotline, one triple eight, five, three, four, 42, 11, one triple eight, five, three, four, 42, 11, don't forget, please all Neil deal, subject to credit, a provolacy, need afforded tales. At Haloponti X GMC, there's one in a billion.
And they do baby on a share of it out professional credit.
We're sports radio five six, two a.m.
It's day.
At five six, oh, WQM.
Welcome to another edition of Inside Life, please board of all.
Draced in nasal list is our guest today.
Yelp Dre, yo, would you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, blacked woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on the over and under and the under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, blacked woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots?
And they say you're getting close to sign in that contract.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, blacked woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, blacked woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more inside lifeless, bored holes.
1033, now where did this just come from?
You just facts me about Lou Dobbs?
Somebody sent like nine pages of different stories and everything.
I fished that out of the middle.
Oh, this is the best.
It should have a byline on it or something.
CNN's Lou Dobbs, I'm not on biased after weeks of weird money line.
And Todie finally confesses that that's a great word for him. He is a Todie.
Many have emailed us about the recent radical metamorphosis of CNN's Lou Dobbs.
In the past few weeks, Dobbs has transformed before our eyes from one of the fairest anchors on any cable news network to a sad fact.
Similarly, a phone news that was obnoxious, winged not financial acre, Neil Cavuto.
Thursday, Lumay did official admitting his pro-Republican bias to his audience.
Lou Dobbs and Willie Clarkson of Colorado writes,
You're obvious bias for Republicans in this war, very disgusting.
You're not acting as an unbiased journalist. You're like a listening to the United Nations and its rule was proof of that.
And Lou says, you're right, Willie. I'm not unbiased.
The startling admission from an anchor on the news network, currently featuring promos boasting you've decided Americans to a CNN as the most credible news source.
And CNN's credibility second to none, suggesting a distinction between CNN's approach and the conservative statement for the...
It keeps the writing of Fox with an AU to fall attempt to pass off his news reporting.
Some have speculated that Lou Dobbs has merely lost their over the war overwhelmed with pride by the mighty West military's glorious victory over Third World Army,
but they can speculate changes more likely the result of CNN's increasingly incompetent execs writing in permission to wear his politics on his sleeve.
We'll have to start watching it loom more closely, it says.
Here Lou Panics is Bill Schneider reports on junior's post-war approval rating. Remember I talked about that?
Yes.
And then it's got some quotes from that about how he was desperately trying to undo what the bill was telling us, which is the real truth, about the polling and Lou kept saying,
but it beat that about well, well, and tried to twist it back into something else, didn't work.
And then at the very end of this article, it says, sorry, Lou, as they say in DC airport coffee shops, your boys getting ruled.
Remember that?
Yeah. Can he star? Your boys getting rolled, baby.
Toronto Star reports that he hears a very, very disturbing article.
XCIA Chief gets stuff on Syria.
Former CI director of the Umshish James Wolsey, tell to play a senior role in Iraq's interim administration.
Yesterday called Syrian President Bashar Assad a terrorist supporting fascist whose country needs a regime change.
His talk talk delivered on Sunday news shows with a way to the administration behind it,
came even as U.S. President George W. Bush, off in some of his rhetoric toward Assad, and leading lawmakers urged them to Syria bashing.
It was also delivered on the day the New York Times reported the U.S. plans along to a military presence in Iraq as a springboard to a new web of American influence throughout the Middle East with specific impact on neighbors like Syria.
Or as Wolsey put it on NBC's Meet the Press, in the Middle East today we can speak very softly because we've got a very big stick.
Wolsey hammered home his points on Syria on two separate Sunday shows, Meet the Press and Fox News Sunday.
The bathest in Syria and Iraq really are fascist parties, Wolsey said, comparing the toppled regime of Saddam Hussein with the Assad government,
they're designed after the fascist and communist parties of the 1930s, and if anybody should know about fascism, James Wolsey ought to know something about it.
He says they look like them, they act like them, they're anti-Semitic like them, and I think we ought to call a spade a spade.
Thank God they're not anti-Semitic like his good buddy Jim Baker from George Bush 1.
On Fox, Wolsey remember the Pentagon's policy setting defense advisory board said Assad is on the side of the terrorists.
The accused him of following the same line as Syria didn't late 1980s when it was active in pushing terrorism against the American forces in Lebanon and blew up our embassy in our Marine barracks and we left Lebanon.
Washington Powerbrokers traditionally used the Sunday talk shows to deliver the White House message of the week and set the political agenda.
Indiana Republican Senator Richard Luger told Meet the Press the US should not expect to create a functioning democracy in Iraq for at least five years to Illinois Democrats, Senator Dick Durbin, the West Thirley Mustay for as long as needed to fill the vacuum caused by Saddam's removal of the Audiotic goes on.
How do you like that? So they're setting the tone already Syria is next and then Iran and then whoever else anybody else we don't like Mexico, Canada.
So I tell you about this letter by Jim Lenson plantation. No, what's it say?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only 18 teen for rise in line. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free we're asking you today on the O'Rongers.com 273 votes.
I'll eat if it's free I'll eat it 111 they'll eat anything. Oh there's Matt Sandin what's Matt Sand?
Trying to give ourselves better us to win get more chances.
Oh, man did you guys think can't complain about the leaf defense they don't have any other England Wesley nevertheless don't start with a hockey talk just when you're getting a hot.
If it's free I'll eat it 111 McDonald's 41 South Florida stadium food. What did I tell you 25 baby 25?
By the way our boys and boys are used to being down to a steer down pizza had 24 burger King 23 swap shop food 16.
Then he's 13. Miami subs has got nine as does Arby's nine. Roadhouse will four and little bit of cabooses got none. Oh like that. See that guy was trying to stir up a bunch of crap. Yeah.
The fact of the matter is this how come we don't have the swap shop on there. Oh there we do it's got 16 votes like I said.
But seriously little caboose and never stole a free train. They just operate out of one right.
WQ I guess they're done. WQ I am hello. Right. Hey Neil. Yes or is this Jim Lenson plantation. Oh no. Yes. Every call that. Well I'm trying to find him.
One food in the planet Applebee. Okay. And it's not even close and tell charge I say hey and Scott Peterson. I'm rooting for you.
Are you done? I'm done. Okay. Well speaking of Scott Peterson was on our website but we haven't talked about it. You want to know why because we don't care at all about that story.
Although at least it's something different from here's some or the POW's returning home again and isn't wonderful about Jessica.
I mean if you people are really believe that you get any news from the American talking it channels well good luck to you.
Just one puff piece after another puff piece and the main time assholes like Woolsey are talking about the well serious next and there are a bunch of fascists and we're going to carry a big stick and we're going to kick all your obsass. You know.
All this crazy stuff is going on and we're worried about the Scott and Lacey Peterson. Well not worried about her anymore.
Do you care about that story? No. See I would think you'd say she probably had a comment.
I mean that's what you did with Bonnett for Bonnie Blakely. Well she did have a comment.
Blakely whatever her name. What was her name? Bonnie.
Oh, well, BAKLY.
Yes.
So she didn't have to change too much of her name when she hooked up with Robert Bake.
Right.
Have to bake. Don't go off have to bake. I don't know what was behind that whole Lacey thing.
Yeah, I'm not going to be. You know, maybe she had a comment. Isn't that the new line just like just like the colors are supposed to say I'm done and the thing is if some woman gets killed, the bitch had a comment.
Right. But it all depends. That's part of the new American landscape as it becomes more and more sexist.
Just like all those people screaming in the oven about the clan and the hood wear is down to an Augusta and yet they all agreed with you know, keep the bitches out.
Keep the bloody bitches out of there.
See, it's just this part of America's reversal of our moving way back into the Stone Age again. Burn the bloody bitches.
Yeah, see there you go. Whatever happened old Tom by the way. Did he go to stay in Costa Rica? Haven't had a recent report.
Good guy Tom Hopkins. Okay, people say that I'm sorry nasty, but we've worked with a lot of good people over the years and Tom Hopkins was one of them.
Phil used to be one. Are you sure until he did the same until he did a Lou doves? That's going to be the expression for it.
Any way that takes a wild sudden turn to the right politically. We'll call that doing a Lou doves.
19 before 11 at 5. She's to hey, Skippy, I still haven't got my an I still have a few of them left up here, but my only man from my blood pressure was he doing. He just came for the address.
We were talking about it in the bathroom. Is he that you were talking about in the bathroom? I don't want him dragging my only man through the turlith there, especially in that place.
No, we were going at the same time there. You were doing it at the same time. I think you were on the ice. And come on.
I'll ask you who was on their tippy toes. Oh, for best. You talk about two little shrimp boats in the urinal. Yeah, that make a great picture.
Anyway, so the stuff is on a way nice going Skippy. You're the best baby. Always told you who needed that Brian anyway. A branch must.
It is a great product. That's why I'm looking to get more of it here. And I will. And you can get all you men all over town. Only a match soft yells contain a pharmaceutical great olive oil.
Well, not just your ordinary olive oil. You can buy in a bottle, but super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits for you.
Olimin in your pussy. We they can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus now there are 14 different olioid formulas for you to choose from from which to choose each one combining.
Like I said, the best of all of all olive oil on the planet with vitamins and minerals and robust to support specific needs from bones to your blood pressure to your immune system and lots more.
For example, they're now three new olioid formulas. One to help your sleep, one to help you control that weight and cook you 10 for your heart, which is one of the best things you'll ever take.
You'll find all your meds all over town. It's at public's records. Walgreens, Whole Food Market. Navarro and Saddamers order it online at olioidmanamerica.com for info call toll free 1 866 Olimin. That's 1 866 65 365 3633 to improve your health. Start popping some olioid in your pussy right away.
This is sports where you're supposed to be. 2 AM.
Gang rape is funny.
Well, I just heard the news today. I asked you out. You said no way. The weekends here.
I'm all alone. I'm horny now. And grab my phone with all my old friend. And then I close it up and down to tea. Thank God for my soul.
I'm leaning with palm on over.
Now, the reason I had that pause there at the end, because I was just, well, this book weighs about 600 pounds my time out film book.
And I was looking at a goodwill hunting. I was just starting to read it and I think it had like real abrupt squirt score.
Like that. It faded out like a...
Was that light in the letter?
Oh, it faded like a cheap clamor in the fourth race of Gulf Streams. I'll never remember that.
Yeah, well, I wouldn't that link. But it goes to Gulf Stream. First of all, the info has to be a real degenerate.
Here's the fact that the worst restaurant has to be Boston chicken. It says...
Yeah, it does.
Their food sucks and adds insult to injury. The ridiculous gourmet presses leaves you with it. I've been gang rape feeling.
But don't forget, if it's free, it's me. That seems to be the...
He must have a lot of company in his crowd out there, rumor.
123 people say if it's free, I'll eat it. We got something free for you.
Anyway, it says goodwill hunting sincerity comes capitalized, which is not denied the film is honest and moving in its way.
Damon, who co-scripted would then afluck. Oh, those two man-aids are everywhere together.
Just like you and Skippy were taking a leak together in there? Yeah, they're chummy.
I wouldn't be surprised if Matt and Ben have stood at the urinal side by each other.
Or at the same toilet. Damon plays Will, a janitor at MIT. He's a closet genius. See, closet again.
A volatile orphan who'd rather hang out with his beer buddies than parlias brains in a liquid of career that would seem to be his destiny.
A pall that's such a talent to be lost to science, Matt Professor Lambo.
Wait a minute.
What is that?
Takes him under his wing, arranges from the OIC, gets like after he helps him, watches Will make monkeys of the shrinks.
Sean, that's Robin Williams, is the last resort.
Another south Boston guy who never really made it, he can maybe he can break through where his distinguished peers fail.
There are tensions here to an extent that film challenges America's ingrained any intellectualism.
Yet it's anti-elidist instincts lead it closely to equating academia with a dubious effeminacy.
Oh no!
Why is it that every movie that he's in there's always some fag element to it, you know?
I wonder.
Like the tale that Mr. Ripley, huh?
And that wasn't even a movie with Ben Affleck's brother or was it even that movie, Carlos?
Which does hand hum?
Very recently.
Well, I don't know.
In the end, it even falls back to that old cinematic panacea.
Get in touch with your inner Robin Williams.
It's acted and directed with care and Damon is outstanding.
His scenes with driver being especially sparky.
He's driving it.
Did you even know that many driver was in this?
Did I know?
Carlos did.
Yeah, I knew.
O'Casey Affleck, I'm just looking for that.
He also was in this.
They'll come up to my shbuckles and they're all family.
And he just made a movie with Casey Affleck.
What a whole, that whole crowd is really, really tight.
If he catched my drift, you know what?
Somebody will let us know the name of the movie with Matt Damon and Casey Affleck.
If two of them are the whole family, just the family that takes showers together.
Stay clean together.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvell Slower.
We're waiting for Jim Lens to call in from plantation.
WDQYM Jim Lensline.
Hello.
Neil, I'm already today.
Okay, sir, is this Jim?
No, not Jim, it's it.
That's okay.
I know you don't really have topics for say, but I just have something I was reading in the paper this week and it kind of took me for a loop and I thought maybe I'd share it with you.
Let's talk about the school testing for the third graders and 12th graders.
It's called FCAT scores test.
If you're a 12th grader in school in Florida, you can, you have to take this test to graduate.
You have to pass this test in order to graduate.
If you're in your last semester of high school as a 12th grader, you can just switch over to a private school.
Your parents can pay you to put your private school and you don't have to pass this test to graduate.
Welcome to the School System of Brotherhood County and I'm done.
Okay, thank you.
Only don't be done quite so abrupt, okay?
Wow.
Neil, there's two movies, recent movies that they were both in together.
You're right there and everything.
See what I mean?
They are joined at the groin.
The most recent one was Jerry.
That's not the one I was thinking of.
Oceans 11?
Oceans 11 was the awful remake.
That was an unnecessary remake of the synoptic flick.
Right.
The one with the, what the hell did they call it?
The robbery.
No, the one with his group, synoptic and joy bishop and the same thing with the rat pack.
The rat pack, right.
I have a metal block on it because I can't stand Frank Sinatra or joy bishop.
Sammy Davis was okay but we don't see eye to eye and everything.
I was seriously, I forget about that but what was the other one Jerry?
Right, Jerry.
Well, I mean, you know, maybe somebody will call and tell me probably not just like the other day when I went through that whole hysterical.
Now, did you ever watch the tape of that passion show?
Yep, finally.
Was I right?
Yeah.
You were right.
Historical, that, that, what are you going to get?
The guy that plays Julian Crane.
He's better than Ozzy Ozzy or the booze ballerines.
He's better than Ozzy.
He was a panic.
It's especially funny when you're baked off your gourd.
Which could be any time on a holiday weekend for George or during the middle of the week.
Holiday weekend or during the show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Light.
I didn't have one person called and say, Geneel, thanks for telling us about that.
She was really great.
The passion's episode.
None of the passion's viewers called in about that.
How is it possible to have so many dead heads in one place like South Florida?
See, and that's what I get bent out of shape about.
People say that I'm negative.
I'm not negative.
I'm positive but I'm surrounded.
Like most said, we're surrounded by drowning in the sea of negativity like Jim in plantation.
Who's so negative about that great morning show we got and everybody else and about the Humper 2.0.
Shame on you, Jim.
Deputy Q.A.M.
Neil, Uncle Neil.
Yes, or is it Jim?
No, I'm sorry.
In the words of Deco Diva's late-grade barber cap and your breast fresh air.
Neil, I haven't spoken to you in 17 years.
Yeah.
And I'm calling you into say, I'm into you.
Are you in a wind tunnel or something?
I'm actually on the beach, Neil.
Oh, because we can hear the wind blowing, a lot of blowing going on.
Yeah, I, okay.
I do believe you're on South Beach.
Correct.
You know what?
You hit it on the head.
Answering your question, Uncle Neil.
I think that would be the salad section of the public on South Beach where you'd be risking your life or at least your kids.
Boy, as you would remember.
Right.
That would be it, Neil.
The ankle perimeter.
So, hey, you're done.
I am done. I'm done, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Now we know why he hasn't called back.
And he was okay just that I don't have too much to say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th T Verizon Wireless Line.
The administration is just banned SpongeBob SquarePans.
Yeah, let's put that on the website that they're going to outlaw SquareBob.
SquarePans, SquarePans, SquarePans.
Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free?
I'll eat it if it's free, 127.
Almost 40% of this free loading crowd.
What did I tell you about South Florida?
They don't care if it's good, they don't care if it's quality, they don't care if it's value.
If it's free, they'll take it.
127 out of 322 vote.
McDonald's 45.
South Florida Stadium Food 30.
Pizza had 26.
Burger King 26.
Oh, and not only those awful burgers, but those onion rings, my God, somebody out of
Zoom for homeless things, onion rings.
They're onion rings.
They're not even onion rings.
Their batterish is what they are.
They're just dark, nasty little rings of dark brown batter.
That's all they have.
In fact, you could get a search card and not find onion anywhere inside those little damn thing.
They got salt and battered.
Lots of salt and I've never tasted any batter.
Burger King 26.
Swap Shop Food 20.
Hey, press and work on the food, baby.
We love the Swap Shop, but watch out for the food.
Denny's 15.
Arby's 14.
Mimie's Sub 11.
Roadhouse Real 5.
Little Red Cabooses up to 3.
Oh, oh.
Killing old crazy John on the map.
That's good.
Probably PD Lenny voted 3 times.
And the KFC, we just put it on there, ain't gotten on yet.
The Colonel's pissed.
So Jim Lonson plantation rights.
Who the QA am?
Hello?
Colonel?
Yes, sir.
Hi, I was in Hollywood yesterday and lo and behold, what do I see?
A hard rock hotel in Susino on 441.
Yeah.
What would it mean?
A casino.
A real casino.
They're building it right now.
That's on the res.
Hmm?
That's on the Indian Reservation you're talking about.
Right, but real gaming casino.
Not the other stuff.
No.
Blackjack tables, everything.
No.
How's that?
Awesome.
How's that possible?
Well, go online.
They got it on their website.
You see what?
I'm not saying it.
Yes, alright.
That's alright.
Well, that's great.
I hope they tell the governor to stuff it.
500 room casino.
They're not going to put 500 rooms up for that stuff.
They have next door to it.
That's pretty good.
Well, wait a minute.
You say that, but have you been inside?
It's not finished yet.
We've been working there.
And you know that they're going to have slot machines, real ones?
Yes, that's what the guy told us there.
He said otherwise they wouldn't be building that if they couldn't put them in.
Somehow they could have been around it.
Always like them Indians.
Thank you, sir.
You're done.
Always like them Indians a lot.
Maybe Vivo could do his TV show.
What a live natural family.
And Princess Simmer for Summerfall Winter Spring.
And she's thunder thought, huh?
We love our friends Indians, baby.
That's it.
Stick it to them.
Okay, don't put up with this stagy crap.
Florida man, it could be peridopera.
You could have a peridice.
And instead look what you got.
Old men walking around in spandex pants.
10.57 at 5.
At 5.60 WDQM.
How I tell you, over a million people have bought a great new mattress from our friends
Valimatris over the phone.
Now some people say, I want to see it first.
I want to put my hands on it and the mattress too.
Forget about that because Dottomatris doesn't carry any crap.
They only carry the best mattresses in the world.
I always order my mattress from them right over the phone by calling 1-800-Matris.
1-800-MAT-RES.
They carry Celi and Serra, Simmons, King Coral, every size, every style.
In other words, the one you want is in stock ready for just about immediate delivery.
No bait and swish when you call Dottomatris.
They're ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
In fact, they have more repeating referral customers than anybody in the universe
because they know how to treat their customers right and they'll do the same by you.
Once you buy your mattress the easy way and a phone from Dottomatris I guarantee
I bet you Georgia and Carlos's life on it, you'll never go back to a showroom
and buy it the stupid old fashioned way again.
And don't forget when you buy your mattress from Dottomatris they set up the new one
and take away the crappy old betting for free.
That is correct Dottomatris sets up the new and takes away the smelly nasty
sore old betting for free.
So make the call right now and enjoy a great night sleep for months and years
to come on a quality name brand mattress at an unbeatable everyday low price.
1-800-MAT-RES.
1-800-MAT-RES for Dottomatris the easy the smart way to get you a great new bed.
My mind and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You a-m.
Wonderful W2-M.
Set it to set it on your dial.
Cindy I told you not to buy my eyes there.
Mr. Mouse, who's you snapping at, is there?
Oh no nothing sir, how are you?
I'm not good.
Oh no, what's wrong now sir?
Oh one of my balls turned black.
Sure you're balls.
My basketball on my garage it froze it turned black.
Oh that's terrible sir.
I'm a big basketballer.
Horrible.
Make the call, Eisner.
What call sir?
Jennifer Garner.
I ran the paper she's getting to the wash.
Well she's separated.
There's some chemistry there Eisner.
She wants me I think she was just afraid to make the move on the big guy.
But sir with all due respect you're you're a mouse.
Hey don't tell me I know I'm a mouse.
I'm hot though she wants me I can tell.
You're my pin visor.
Okay okay sir I'll make the call.
Hang on a minute.
Remus!
I am so sick of that song.
We must do nothing.
That song anymore Tiffany do not do Vida.
Happy song Bob.
It doesn't make me happy Remus.
It makes me want to strangle you.
Eisner.
Yes sir.
I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing.
Okay.
That's off to you for American Idol.
You finally put this on the map with that thing.
Wait a go Eisner.
Well sir that's actually the Fox Network.
Don't correct me Eisner.
Remus.
What are you doing Remus?
Get A-Bos and play with Simba.
Don't play the Simba.
I'm on the phone Remus.
Frank Simba did not land B-Bos.
It did not land B-Bos.
It did not land B-Bos.
That's right they need me.
Don't play the Simba again Remus.
Eisner.
Yes sir.
What are we Robin?
Well sir we've got the Bachelor.
Oh that's right.
That stupid fire steam kid with that poop eaten grin.
No sir it's a fire stone.
Eisner.
Yes sir.
Don't you correct me.
What's his name?
What's his name?
Fire steam.
No you idiot it's fire stone.
You little little neighbor about that.
Oh I'm safe.
What's the information I have to read about Peter Jennings?
What about Peter so you're still in a fine job.
That was a good one Bob.
Remus.
I swear to God.
I will take your hand between my white glove hands and smooth shit.
Ah both are hold I'm under a little stress bomb.
What's the matter Nickoderm past Peter?
The Nickoderm past.
You don't smoke Remus.
You're at the right one.
Get out of here you moron.
Yes sir.
Yes sir well Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job.
Peter Jennings is terrible.
He's hurt.
I'm a bitch.
Well I actually sorry Canadian.
Isar what I tell you about correct me.
What is Peter Jennings?
Say it.
He's French.
No you moron he's Canadian.
PC anchor by network you don't even know what he does.
Why do I keep you around Eisner?
I don't know.
Why Eisner?
I don't know.
You are.
Say it.
Killing me?
Killing me.
And you know what try to get me on that bachelor's shelf.
Sir you're married Mouse.
Hey Eisner.
Yes.
I don't want to marry him.
I don't want to date those 25 girls.
I just want to serve him.
I'm leaving it.
11.05.05.60 WQAM.
We're going to see a screenless thing here today huh?
Pretty weak.
Well it's after the holiday weekend.
I must be very excused.
It's Monday plus after a long holiday weekend.
Plus Kelti wasn't around this morning.
They're pretty down about that.
I don't know about Dave County but my kid isn't in school again today.
What is that all about?
Hold over.
See didn't I ask you that this morning?
That was the first thing I asked you.
Is this like some kind of a four day holiday or something?
And you said that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Because I get to feel like here it's a four day holiday too.
I don't know what they call this day.
Is this the day after Easter Sunday?
Is that it?
I don't know what they did.
God.
Something really strange.
We're getting screwed again.
5.670560.
I wouldn't have missed this for all the money in the world man.
That's great litter from PDLini.
I mean from a Jimin plantation.
I'm sure he'll call it in any minute.
You mark my words.
Come on Jimin plantation where we want your call.
We want some more critique of QAM in our format.
WQAM.
Maybe one more call for the polyman might do it.
Yes sir.
I have an alley then.
I can't even hear this guy.
Can you hear me now?
There I hear you now.
I'll eat anything especially if it's free with the exception of dairy queen brazer.
I mean I have dairy green.
You got to say it right.
Brazier.
Yeah I would rather eat the contents of a redneck spit cup to eat that stuff.
It makes convenience store food look fresh.
Okay.
I'm done.
Thank you.
Good job.
Dairy queen.
Got it?
Got it.
Also I'm not going to fact it because they don't have any funny commentary.
Dairy queen brazier food.
Yes.
All of a guard.
Oh!
What a great choice!
Oh!
Yeah how could I forget about that the olive garden?
It's a tagginish.
Get the olive garden on it right away immediately if not sooner.
Well what a trick.
Never been there.
I'll give you another one.
Yeah.
If I could think of the name of it.
Smith and Walensky.
Oh yeah.
Oh boy.
Oh yeah.
Although I still have that nice nice set.
Thank you very much guys.
Sure we have the lights over here.
I'd say I feel bad about it but you can't really feel too bad when you give people the opportunity
to come in and dazzle you.
And just like the olive garden I would eat several years ago after I'd been ripping them and I had a real bad experience there.
Well we'll make it up to you and we'll show you and we really are a great place.
And I brought in a bunch of stuff that the thing I remember the most was that the salad was wilted.
It was so brown.
I've dropped things in a bowl that weren't that brown okay.
And then the pasta was like mousse man.
It was like from the fall of the Roman Empire.
God.
And then the thing was Smith and Walensky.
Oh we're going to show you one of the great steak houses in South Florida and this is a really great place.
And it came in and they brought me this really expensive beautiful knife set.
And I'm sure that you know the next day they'd like to have used it on me.
But that's just the way it goes.
You know the food was kaka.
The steak was bad.
I figured what I mean.
They really went to the grottest expensive.
I mean not paper plates or anything but like real china.
And they went through a big deal about it.
And I guess I was supposed to feel bad.
But I can't do that.
I can't go on and say what I was really delicious.
Thank you so much.
I mean we thank them for the effort but the fact of the matter is it sucked.
It was crap.
Yeah man it was even these even these free voters on our believe me you wouldn't have eaten that.
I don't care what you say.
You might have started out enthusiastic and after the first bite you would like to puken your guts out.
It was it was bad.
It was grizzly.
Now I do understand that certain things don't travel well.
Like pasta.
Pasta gets soft and mushy when you're trying to transport it.
Steak.
I mean you know steak you should eat right off the grill.
You know where the hell you're cooking it.
Right off the couch.
Like a Ruth Chris.
I think it's like 400 degrees or 600 some wild temperature that they grow the steaks in Ruth Chris.
Man are they good.
Tell them hold the butter by the way.
Hold the butter unless you got like a real strong summer.
Otherwise you'll be making a real quick movement.
But Smith and I apologize to Ruth Chris too for mentioning them in the same name with Smith and Wittleski.
It was just a bad experience.
So let's get them on here along with the olivigar.
And the one before and the they're the very queen.
Yes.
And the old Brzeer food.
I remember the first time I saw that son I said, God there.
They're selling Brzeers at the very queen.
I sure hope they aren't putting any of that soft serve in those Brzeers.
560.560.
We're waiting for Jim from plantation WDQAM.
Yeah, Niel.
Oh my God.
Yes sir.
I wanted to ask you a couple weeks ago you met something about Atlantic City stuff.
And that Scott's not there.
Yeah.
What's the deal?
Why are you waiting a book about it?
Are you a friend of his?
I know.
I've been gone there in years and he says it just didn't think it was all that good.
But maybe if he's gone, it would be that much better.
Now that he's gone, it's hell of a lot better.
Okay, you're done.
Now he went off and I would got sick of him.
And he went off and did something else on the side or whatever.
He's still connected with him but he's not right there in the doing.
He's doing catering out of there.
Right.
He's doing catering out of there but they got him way in the back and they don't let him out in public.
And he doesn't come by the station anymore.
We don't ever want to see him again.
In fact, you know something.
Maybe he wrote this letter in his spare time.
Wouldn't surprise me because he and Deepa went to Paulie man.
They were all like involved tightly.
They used to wear the same pants at the same time.
Huh?
Well, once in a while Josh Freeman leave a spare pair around.
I was going to say hi boy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
No calls on goodwill hunting.
No calls on passions.
Got a fact on it.
No, that other movie you were thinking about.
Did they did?
Yes, and it was.
Well, let me take a peek.
This one is a article by, oh, oh, Senator Rickson.
Why are you sending this to me?
Why are you sending this to me?
Huh?
I give up.
Oh my God, I cannot believe this.
This homophobic right wing.
We already know about him.
Okay, I don't need any more information about him.
Oh, let's see.
Oh, this is the monkey man again.
Another.
No, no, no, I threw his away.
No, you didn't.
It says poodle.
It says at the bottom.
Him and the monkey.
Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry.
A house full of people listening to show my friends.
There's the mad demon movie you're thinking of.
Is the born identity on video now?
No, that's definitely, I don't think that is the one at all.
With the Casey, Casey, I mean, Casey Affleck.
And then this just didn't say anything about him.
You're just about to a Dutch crap.
That's not about the movie.
That's anything about goodwill, honey, no.
God, what an impossible crowd.
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
That was Jim, too, in the Senate.
Q.A.M.
All right.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Nomination for vile restaurants.
Waffle house and Popeyes.
Would you dare, if they give it to you, for free?
I wouldn't eat there.
I will not go into any vile descriptives.
But there's nothing I can think of in my vocabulary.
The correctness of either one of those places.
Okay, you're welcome.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Well, Waffle House and Popeyes.
What about Popeyes?
Are you getting spinach with your chicken and Popeyes?
Cost extra.
Or olive oil.
12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 W.D.C.Y.M.
on a really marginal Monday, man.
So far, it's okay.
Menza, you know?
Menza, menza.
In fact, Georgian Skippy were together in the menza room a little while ago.
Mm-hmm.
And God already knows what they were doing in there.
Hey, administrative professionals, days this Wednesday.
Now, why did they call it that?
I thought it used to be secretary's day.
Oh, well, that's a success.
I see.
Or a jobist.
Can't you be a male secretary like a male nurse?
No.
It's just one of those things.
Administrative professionals, days this Wednesday, make your exceptional assistant smile
with an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
No matter what you call it, he or she will receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont,
delivered with three-core maple candy, and a gift card in a fund box.
Just call 1-800-829 bear.
And a friendly bear, a council will help you choose from bears like the Life Saver Bear or the real boss bear.
It's a great way to show your appreciation in a fund an original way.
Your assistant will love their bear delivered to the orifice.
Just think of the reaction you'll get.
Everybody will think you're the best boss ever, even if you're not.
Send a beautiful Vermont teddy bear and they'll keep it on their desk all year long.
It's the creative alternative flowers.
It'll be dead in just a matter of hours.
It'll always remind them that you'll appreciate all they do for you.
Overnight delivery is guaranteed.
So you can still call today 1-800-829 bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com.
Show you care.
Send a bear for administrative professionals, wake or any occasion.
1-800-829 bear, BEAR, BEAR, BEAR, and TUM.
And then you'll be able to call the old Neil to a little bit.
Let's send one to Greg.
What do you say?
Die?
Die!
And love all the closest sports real-fifth-sickies.
You're way too way, yeah.
Blow too much, you're in trouble.
Hey, you better not forgets.
About the person who helps you out in so many ways.
You try your best, but can't find full crap.
You cannot even check your own items.
You're way too much, yeah.
You're way too much, yeah.
You're way too much, yeah.
And never spend some it.
Even when you later take the blame for your mistakes.
Cause it's Secretary's Day.
Celebrate the thrift and thrift starts one last day.
While you're always coming in, you're worth free to lay.
Don't you Secretary need a raise in state and state.
Yeah, Secretary's Day.
She is the one who organizes you each day.
She's the only one who's working in any way.
Why are you so in need of a she's the only one?
Okay, we're not going to waste the effort to get it for Montetibere for a freaky carless out there.
I was sent to a lady, I mean person who would be, uh, but how about some, I mean, he deserves flowers.
Like pansies would be good.
How about the spiked bear?
That might not be bad.
Maybe you could like rub it on his rectum.
Here's the fact that says most outflow to state-emns, I would agree.
How were the food and mark life state-emns very good?
You're right about that.
You heard what I was saying up there broadcasting them games 100 years ago.
The aroma of them sausages, walking through the stands was just fantastic.
Except when Dave LaMine would do his thing.
That was his whole thing.
He used to fart through the entire game when he worked with me.
So you said.
And then of course he killed Sonny Hirsch.
Anyways, as the food and mark life state-emns were very good.
Just asked the beast he didn't hold back Saturday night.
I'm going to tell you something new, little fat tubacrap.
If you're playing fast and loose with balance for life,
and with my credibility, everybody else, and shoveling it down your foot,
which we believe for sure that you probably are a fuck you, okay?
I'm so disgusted with him.
I might just go ahead and give the food to Fat Boy, you know what?
How about Hank?
So help me if that, huh?
How about Hank won't do that?
Are you kidding me?
Why are you doing this to me, okay?
I love that I'll hang this weight.
But he's not going to lose the weight.
Don't you understand?
He's not going to do balance for life.
He's out shmoosing and cruising with all of his sports buddies.
They're at all those restaurants.
You know, at Joe's and that's his life, you know, food is his life.
I'm going to do it with Hank.
It's a lost cause.
But the beast, 62 pounds we have to lose.
We've helped the kid and we didn't get him a date.
Right?
Grown as a dolphin man, like John Gerriens say.
And speaking of getting a date, now what about this thing?
I noticed on our website since I keep asking,
but nothing happened.
You know, it was just been here.
You're psychic again.
Here you go.
I can smell him.
The finishing touches on it, passing it by us,
making sure that everything was okay with all of the power that they were doing.
A couple of contests too is coming soon.
Somebody might be.
And the trip we stand corrected, that trip to the Bahamas.
The first prize is round trip airfare included.
I knew that.
I mean, how am I going to pay the...
It's not what we like to say in the stadium.
We're going to give away a trip to Vegas,
but you got to pay for airfare.
Who now would take that, especially in this freeload and crowd?
Huh?
So we're going to have a trip for two to the Bahamas.
It's all inclusive, in other words, hotel and airfare paid.
Check.
And our hard couples contest.
Stay tuned for details and also on our website.
Check that.
Okay?
Right.
We'll make a little something happen,
even though it's never easy at QA.
And not because of Miguel, not because of our good friend, Durin,
but because it's such a cheap ass outfit.
If there's something goodly in around,
it's always the freeload is on the inside.
They always rub it up before anybody gets a chance.
That's the way it works.
Right.
That's the way it works at QAM.
One more time.
Okay.
I got it.
I got it.
I got a cute, it uh.
That's all right.
A place of filler music.
I understand you're cute.
Aad's traffic.
I'm Mark Morgan on sports radio, 560 QAM.
Oh.
Wow.
Cute.
Yeah.
You know, you're a spastic, Mark.
You're really spastic, okay?
You're not, uh, musing, you're not interesting.
I don't even know if they're content of your traffic is accurate enough.
Because who now can listen to it when you do that spastic voice?
Everybody.
I heard a little bit of boog.
I was in here in this room over the weekend.
I punched up during the Marligan.
I heard the boogs around here.
I like boog a lot, but just he's too happy.
Hey, we're losing 17 a lot.
Everybody in a cell a lot.
Side for all to, you know, it's just too happy.
Everybody has a little bit happy, but not too happy.
Because too happy comes across as fake.
Now, what is this stuff?
This is about that hard rock deal.
Right.
That's the whole, uh.
Is this the real, is this the MS of it?
Who would have thought back in 2001 when Hard Rock Cafe International
in Florida, similar Indian seal to the deal to bring a hard rock casino to the Trans-Rezvation
in Tampa and Hollywood that the deal itself would become something of a political football.
After all, a hard rock cafe, a Holy Ones of City area of London based the Rank Group Pick.
Rankium and SBAC has been the casino business for years owning and operating properties in Vegas,
London, Manchester and even online.
Almost from the moment the casino is officially broke ground early in 2001,
the project became mired in the mud of Florida politics, how unusual.
The problem, due to the fact that the Seminole only possess a class two gaming license,
which includes high stakes bingo, low stakes, poker and video gaming machines,
that dispense paper tickets instead of coins,
the casino itself in all likelihood, not be as profitable as a full blown casino.
That takes a class three gaming license, which the Seminole's,
who know for their own, don't possess.
Therein lies the rub.
The tribe is thus far tried unsuccessfully to negotiate class three compacts
with two successive governors back in the early 90s.
The Seminole's even went so far to start with the state,
a 45% share of gaming profits all the no avail.
The state of Florida sees not vice against gambling far from it,
but they're dead set against this competition.
The state owned and operated lottery is by far the biggest cash cow
that legislators have yet to milk and rip off, too, by the way.
The last thing the state wants is a competing gambling venue,
which land-based casino gaming represents,
released at the state's government standard line anyway.
For some strange reason, while they tremble at the thought of a land-based casino,
they don't seem to mind the dozens of water-based casino cruise ships
which apply any number of Florida port cities.
That's because that's a Mickey Erison. That's their buddy, man.
That's their Paisan.
That's their partner in crime, who also, of course, is death on any casinos on land.
So what's the tribe to do?
It says the answer to that is threefold.
In the first place Seminole did with other tribes that owned before them,
that is, they tested the envelope in their existing license
by adding quasi-slaw machines to the operation.
The state respotted by trying to rein back to Seminole's gaming expansion and federal court,
the tribe then counter sued the state,
neither of which resulted in any real curtailment,
and neither of these states positioned nor the Seminoles.
So the Seminoles then decided to perhaps they could track more bees with honey than with vinegar
by sweetening the campaign coffers of various legislators.
In 1996 alone, the Seminole tribe donated some 350 grand to federal campaigns,
80% of which went to Democratic candidates.
In 2000, the Seminoles displaced the mashed and tucket peak quad tribe of Connecticut.
Can I say that again?
Better not.
Who owns Foswood Casino as the county's top-trees top-trabble contributor
to date, however, the state has yet to budge one inch.
Florida's legislature continues to reject measures to expand casino gaming in the state.
Not only have they continued to reject the Seminoles' request for a class three gaming license,
they also refused to allow the state's hard-pressed racetracks to the right-to-head slot machines
which racetrack owners contend the mistake to a survive.
This brings us back to Hard Rock, who in 2001 stepped up to work with the Seminole tribe
despite the lack of a class three license.
Financing for the project was completed in June 2002 by the issuance of $315 million
of capital trust agency revenue bonds.
Hard Rock's parent company, the Rank Group Pick, has subscribed for 25 minutes of the bonds.
Does it have an answer here to the question? Jesus, God!
The New Hard Rock Hotel Casino Tampa Reserve will be located on the side of the existing Seminole Facility Office at five under state four
will feature 90,000 square feet of gaming space with 1500 electronic pull tab machines and 50 gaming tables
at 250 room hotel and 10 restaurants.
The Hollywood Casino will be located adjacent to the Seminoles' existing facility
441 Installing Road, not far from Mommy's house.
The new reserve features 115,000 square feet of gaming space
with 2,000 electronic pull tab machines and 65 gaming tables, 750 hotel and 12 rooms and 12 restaurants,
including Hard Rock Cafe.
Both the tribe and Hard Rock executive has made it clear they expect eventually to be issued a class three license that's a lofty ambition
considering the states continued in a vocal opposition to land-based Casino gaming
with construction proceeding of pace that's going to be interesting to see who blinks first.
For now both the tribe and the state are going to continue to be stuck between a hard rock and a place.
So did you gain anything out of that?
Yes, there is no, the caller was wrong, they're not going to have class three games, they're going to have that they have no.
They're building it and they're hoping for it just like the racetracks are hoping for their slot machines.
But when you got all these right-wingers controlling the goddamn state, we continue being in the Andrithal Backwood state.
Controlled by Mickey Irison and the idiots who run the lottery, the biggest rip off in History Mankind.
Oh yeah, but they removed the money from you so, yeah, remember that editorial in a hear about how the Casinos removed the money from you so delicately or whatever the hell I was,
the stupid line was. Yeah, that's Florida, never going to change, baby, never going to change.
Go on yourself and race tracks here at Toronto all have slots by the way and all over Ontario, I just didn't point that out.
And they've got huge purses, you got gigantic purse money and where does a lot of that money come from, the slots from the gambling.
Oh, see I guess it makes sense that if you've got horse racing and there's people gambling on it,
that any other kind of gambling that make any difference gambling is gambling.
Ah, it makes too much sense for Florida. Oh no, that kind is wrong.
Thank you, you're done. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQA.
Hey, if you're going out for a nice swim in the hot weather and so forth and you look in your pool and you say,
oh my god, what the hell's going on here? Maybe it's stained, it's dirty and it's cracking in your pool too.
Well, do not look at that mess anymore. Call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille.
They're not just pool guys who run around town, they little pick up truck. Usually, you know those little beat up pickup trucks and they go,
you see the big net in the back. The pool guys who claim to be some of your good stuff.
These people are real construction folks who use full time employees, not just subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business in years, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years. They're licensed, they're insured professionals who we've been trained
other companies internationally on how to do diamond breading and do it right.
And they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors, which is unbeatable.
A service north Miami, Brought in Palm Beach County, so we live in any of those joints called Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in town. They'll come right to you, give you a free estimate with an obligation.
And they also do a stupidity job of pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too.
For the very best call Atlantic Marseille Tool Free, 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883, Diamond Bright, do it right, because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
Diamond Bright and Lowell, this is 435 City, way and way.
The Wear of Exploding Balls.
Welcome back to the Mall Howard and David and Joan, on the dawn of our fearless leaders, Glorious Victory.
They won't be attacking us again.
You mean the big statue staff?
Don't you ever, ever contradict the good intentions of our government?
That's all in the Grand The New Yorkers all in a kind of that guy, see?
Why the last thing to victim saw was sent down behind the wheel at that plane?
I thought it was the swordies.
Oh, the swordies?
Yeah.
Why you let this commie pinko fit?
Wow!
Well, have you know that guy's like Hitler?
Take it from me. I'm a survivor, you know.
From a concentration camp?
Yeah, but that was no game show.
How do you survive that?
I was with the Golden Desander Commando.
A what?
Well, it was like, it was me and the airy flychers grandfathered.
And we had to wear it.
I remember it like it was yesterday today.
It was 1942.
It's a commonplace, you know.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'll do it.
End time!
I have bone, I'll come a doctor to do this.
Where is the flychers?
Well, he went under the covers and turned in more than the certain jewels.
Very well done.
And what information have you for me today?
Oh, I got Rosenblatt, that guy there's a Jew.
You can have him.
And that low-instein broad, there's one for you.
And how my happy spec now?
I use it to wipe my boots.
Oh, well, that's it.
But your efforts were not unrewarded.
The fjor is pleased with your cooperation.
And he will be visiting this office once he concludes his meeting with Preston Bush.
I don't know about you, but I use his meet tenderises.
What do you know?
What do you say?
He's an architect from Outcar and says you have a nice dog.
He's 13 years old.
Oh, no.
He wants you to bend over.
You must see here.
I'll put this on.
I'll apply.
I'll put this on.
I will bring the last dog.
I'll put this on.
Who's your fjora?
Who's your fjora?
And that day is when the chud's came at me.
It's 1134-26 till noon at 560-22.
I just feel like we're out of sync because everybody else is having another day vacation today.
Yeah.
And caught me on prepared.
That'll earn you.
560 and a lot of the stuff you're sending me is very interesting, but it's very morbid.
I don't want to start the week by getting morbid.
Okay, and trying to get everybody else's morbid is possible.
Sorry.
And that was Carlos just did that with an article?
Yeah.
About all of that.
I mean, the fact is that people who have any kind of sensitivities at all, they're moved
by these horrible pictures, the kids with their arms blown off and all of these things.
We've seen them a million times now.
Not enough, but we've seen them a lot.
And the people out there who are oblivious, who will go step along and just put the blinders
on and pretend that these things aren't going on, or that they're just the necessary
collateral damage and crap happens and the untightiness of war, whatever you want to call.
We're not going to change their mind.
So if you want to put that on the website, that's fine, but in terms of my sitting here
and reading that stuff, what's the point?
Okay.
What's the point?
We've got a bunch of clowns up here that are running around attending funerals and
going elsewhere, people that are a star's positive, including healthcare professionals
that are belligerent in adamant.
You know, that's really not all that necessary to go to somebody's funeral if that's the
case.
Follow what I'm saying.
Putting hundreds of other people at risk.
Because when somebody is dead, it's not a question of how much they'll appreciate it
anymore.
Follow what I'm saying.
I'm not big on funerals.
Marine downrights a tale of two Fridays, the Pentagon, aka the International Trust for
Historic Preservation, is once more shown the world its deep cultural sensitivity.
Franklin Graham, the Christian Evangelist who has branded Islam a very wicked and evil
religion, was the honored speaker at the Pentagon's Good Friday service.
After Kenna West, the Christian singer crewned there as one God in one faith.
Mr. Graham told an auditorium of soldiers and camouflage, if it's in staffers and his
son, a Westpoint cadet, there's no other way to God except you Christ.
Jesus Christ is alive because he is risen and friends he's coming back and I believe
he's coming back soon.
When Muslim groups complained that the Pentagon was endorsing his attacks on Islam, Mr.
Graham asked for a photo-op with Muslim Pentagon employees, they declined.
Muslim suspicious that America is on a crusade against Islam or inflamed
learned that Mr. Graham is taking his mission to react to Iraq.
They're still scorched by his remarks to NBC News after 9-11.
It wasn't Methodist flying into those buildings and it wasn't Lutherans.
It was an attack on this country by people of the Islamic faith.
He wrote in his last book that Christianity and Islam were as different as lightness
and darkness and recently told us Sunday times of London the true God is the God of the
Bible, not the Quran.
Workers from Mr. Graham's Christian relief organization Samiratton's purse were in
Jordan waiting to invade Iraqi infidels with a blend of kitchen pantry and al-Murgantry.
A blend of kitchen pantry and al-Murgantry.
Treating Operation Iraqi Freedom was a lucky break for Jesus, Mr. Graham told the
religious website, the belief net, were there to reach out and love them and to save them
and as a Christian I do this in the name of Jesus Christ.
The 50-year-old son of Billy Graham has post connections to the president who was in
charge of evangelical outreach during his father's 88 campaign and who pressed the
war in Iraq by calling liberty God's gift to humanity.
Both Cions remained in Jesus Christ after periods of rebellion.
Franklin Graham gave it as that science, I mean, if you ever get that word right.
Sure.
Recommitted in Jesus Christ after periods of rebellion, Franklin Graham gave the prayer
of W.S. in order.
The president said, Billy Graham planted a seed in my heart to stop drinking and embrace
Jesus.
He planted that evil bad seed in his heart.
In Baghdad it was bad Friday.
On the Islamic holiday, thousands of Iraqi's marched to downtown, shouting for America to
leave our country.
Looters continuing their rampage stole vials of a polio virus from a public health laboratory
and set the information ministry on fire.
Mullahs were happy to talk and bark after suffocating under Sodom.
You are masters today, Sheikh Ahmed al-Kubisi left your American in one basque mosque.
In one Baghdad mosque, but I warn you against thinking of staying.
Get out before we force you out.
And then she says, isn't this how Osama got started?
Back here, the Neocons and war planners were too busy gloating to worry about the ambience
sound of civilization's passing.
Rami wants a bek-teller-raki pipeline booster and al-Bazee planted low to American military
bases into Iraq.
Seems almost perversely determined to act as though the vandalizing of relics of the
birth of civilization was insignificant, something only sissy's could cry over.
It's the same person in the picture, or can I read today?
It's the same picture of some person walking out of some building with a vase.
You see, Seder, you want to say vase, and you see twenty times and you think, my goodness,
whether they had that many vases?
Is it possible there were that many bases in the whole country?
If they?
The Pentagon could easily have saved the National Museum of Liber if they'd redeploy
the American troops assigned to guard Ahmed Shulabi, the Richard Pearl Pal, Pentagon candidate
and convicted him, Bezler, who's back in Iraq trying to ingratiate himself with the
country he left forty years ago.
Instead of hectoring those who expressed any doubt about the difficulty of occupying
your rack, the conservatives should worry about their own self-perity, pandering to the
base by blessing evangelical Christians who want to proselytize Muslims, protecting their
interests by backing a shady expat puppet, pleasing their contributors by preemptively
awarding rebuilding contracts to Halibut and Bechtel, and swaggering like gods as a rags
cultural heritage goes up in flames.
Talk about a baptism by fire, says Marie Dowd.
Sir, I'm a reed, a bad reading by me, but another great column in New York Times, yesterday.
Bad reading, sorry, well.
It's Monday anyway.
Now did Jim Lens call in yet?
No, not yet.
Damn it.
In fact, nobody's on it right now.
Look at that.
I'm telling you, man, it's just not another one of those Mondays.
This is a special one.
Why didn't you warn me about that?
Sorry.
I want to learn a cue on the mad dog will be here one and he's going to let you, when you
call in on the mad dog, they he'll let you decide when your call is up, okay?
Just say, okay, mad dog, I'm done.
Here's a great store for you if you're trying to lose some weight.
You'd like to West Goa, could they get up to Islam down because this entire store
is dedicated and they carry only products that are going to help you lose weight.
700 and plus low-carb sugar free products in one great store.
So whether you're on the Actions, Rest in Peace or any other low-carb sugar free diet,
the Alliance of West Goa is a story you're going to love.
Try some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies by Carb
Control with only one effective gram of carbs per serving.
They are delicious and don't forget Delights and credible selection of other good tasting
stuff.
Low-carb pasta, sauces, dressings, cheesecakes, chocolates and their famous software
of Carbollade ice cream.
Don't forget the Alliance of West Goa, all Actions brands, product are 25% off all day
every day.
Their staff knows dieting inside and out and they're open every day 10 to 10.
You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next door to Boston
Market.
Call them tool free at 1-877 Low-Carb or shop them on them and if you like it, lowcarb.com.
Here's a story entirely dedicated to you and your desire to lose that disgusting, grotesque
ugly, unhealthy fat.
Delights of West Goa, your official Actions retail center.
Believe it.
No.
The Affleck casting call.
All right Tom Broca.
Number of dogs.
Affleck.
Again Tom.
Affleck.
One more time Tom.
Affleck.
I'm losing a second par.
One more.
Affleck.
Next.
Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Yes Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll tell you what I'm saying.
I'll get that.
Again.
Again.
Next.
Jesse Jackson.
Affleck.
The Affleck.
A Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white.
Next.
Woody Allen.
Just nuts.
It means a duck that talks.
Stay to the scrim Mr. Allen.
It's crazy.
It's insanity.
Great the line please.
Why would he duck speed?
Next.
The Great Sean Connery sir.
Welcome sir.
Welcome, sir. Just read the line, please.
Off-bop.
Excuse me, sir, again?
Off-bop.
Sir, I'm sorry, that second part of the line, I don't.
I'm simply saying off-bop.
Next!
Oh, God.
I guess we got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right. Give it to me, Gilbert.
I want more time, Gilbert.
I want more time, Gilbert.
Well, Gilbert, I pretty much hate you, and I think you're terrible, but you're the
coolest thing we got. You got the job.
This is looking at that buzz out of Gilbert, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Let me 45 with 560 WDQM. So it's official. Our hot couples contest, part two, starts Thursday
May 1. Are we from Thursday? Is that correct? Yes it is.
People can log on to our website, email a picture themselves with their significant
other, and I want to be kind about the last, you know, we had one really nice looking
couple, and then two weeks to, to any of your pictures on Thursday May 15, pictures
will be up on the web for voters to choose their favorite. It's strictly up to the audience.
Thursday May 22, the couple with the most votes wins. Contest will run for three months,
and we'll have one hot couple winning one trip each and every month. How do you like
that?
Because the grand prize is a three-day two-night stay for two in Royal Oasis, resort
and casino in Abahamas with round trip airfare on Lake Arir. Runner-up, dinner for two
at the pizza lot.
Got it? Got it.
Okay, let me stick that in the appropriate place.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless LAN on our website today. Where would
you never eat even if they gave you the food for free we asked? 439 votes. Tells you everything
you need to know about this crowd because 37% said, we don't care, we'll eat anything
you have, it's free. If it's free I'll eat it, it's me. 162 people.
6.51 said McDonald's, they wouldn't eat there if they gave you the food for free. 42 South
Florida Stadium food they said, Fah! Pizza 32, Swap Shop Food 32, Burger King 30. How
many for Burger King?
About third man.
RB's 22, Denys 21, 9716, Road House Grills 6, Waffle House 5, Little Red Caboose 4, Pope
I's 4, Apple B's 3, The Old Dairy Queen and that Brzeer Burger 2, Smith and Mellinsky
2, KFC 1 and Boston Chickens 1 Honor, they don't have any yet out of 444 votes.
WCYM, Neil.
Yes sir.
George.
Hello.
No this is Neil, Georgian speaking, what is it?
Hey, how are you Neil?
Good.
I want to add something to your poll.
Yeah.
7-11 food.
Oh, you don't like them pickled sausages?
Some of those hot dogs I think have been on there all day.
And those pickled eggs?
Hey, I think I know who votes that poll into the hero by the way.
Yeah.
I think that was very Jackson.
A lot of the lines were taken from Barry's column, you're right.
Okay, thank you sir, you're done.
You're right, he was taking lines from everybody in here.
How would David stand up ready to host?
I'm characteristically faded like a cheap clamor at Gulf Stream Park.
Oh my God.
This is D.Fo and the polyman and PD Lenny.
They're playing little games.
You know, I guess they got too much time on their hands.
Maybe D.Fo's tearing up too many losing trinkets, trinkets at Gulf Stream.
Yeah, too many trinkets man.
And by the way, a rumor's not getting your job.
Paranoid and delusional, the D.Fo man.
5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Nobody saw goodwill hunting.
Nobody's got anything to say about it because they're convinced that the only reason I'm
watching is because Matt Damon's in it and they're right.
Nobody saw that passion singing except George.
Now you saw Sheridan, yeah, and she's hot.
What do I tell you?
You told me she was hot and she is.
Tonya folks, they won't listen to us.
They got their own agenda man.
They're rolling Easter eggs on the front lawn.
They are.
Come into QIM.
Dale?
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, I had something to add to your poll on the two late.
But checkers.
No, not two late.
What is it?
Checkers.
Yeah.
It's horrible.
Is it really?
Yeah, anyway, good, good, good, good, good, good hunting is a great movie.
There's one scene in particular there you've got to see that it's Robin Williams and Matt
Damon on a bench and he gives a speech to him.
It's fantastic.
You've got to watch the whole movie, Neil.
I saw that part.
That's in the early part of the movie.
Oh, you saw that.
Yeah, I watched about 20 minutes of it and then I taped the rest because it was on
real late last night.
Well, watch the whole thing.
I think it's a great movie.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, bye.
Say how does he be checker?
She said checkers blows.
That's what she said.
I never rate there.
So I really wouldn't know.
We didn't get good comments about checkers.
Of course, the weeks its own.
Right.
I mean, no matter what, no matter what place you open up, there are going to be a few people
when they say, oh, that place is really great.
Just like Denny's looking at all the business they do, huh?
Right.
And did we get the olive guard down there?
I don't think so, Carlos.
I don't see no olive guard down there.
I do.
There it is.
It's got seven.
I told you it was on there.
It's got seven votes.
I'm starting to sound like Mickey now, you know what?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60, all the AT&T line.
We got Jim Mad Dog, Jim Madness, the old Wolverine.
Be along at one o'clock today.
We're waiting desperately.
We're just killing some time until Jim from plantation calls in to program the rest
of this show and the rest of the station from now until the end of time.
Or at least until Friday when the book comes out.
What is going to be a lot of pressure on some people when that book comes out?
Oh, man, can you just, don't be too close in the morning and the early morning, I'm
coming like about a minute before nine.
Okay.
Because the aroma of his bag exploding, well, that's right.
The numbers won't be until 11 30 anyway, but the pressure.
Pressure is going to be building on his bag.
Those veins are going to be popping all over the place.
The pressure's on you this time, oh, it's in your capable hands.
If he doesn't show up Saturday, he has a bad book.
You don't show up Saturday, if that thing.
I think that's it.
I think fanito, fanito, about that WQIM.
Hey, I'm trying to get in touch with Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, hey, buddy, this is Steve in plantation.
You want me to go find Jim for you?
Yeah, when you find Jim, I think he's in the tea room right now, but when it gets out,
tell me you need to speak to him.
Okay, all right, I'll look for him.
I'm done.
Okay.
Everybody's looking for poor Jim in plantation, which I'm sure that they must have stolen
his name.
Or maybe he's just like I said, one of the racetrack buddies from Depot end up with
the Pauli man.
You got to get the Pauli man back.
Oh my God, are you people crazy or what?
And the girgly man, the Pauli man and the girgly man.
Doesn't that tell you everything you need to know about that Saturday trivia show?
The Pauli man, the girgly man and D-fo.
Yeah.
I'd rather go out and chew up a boofo than listen to D-fo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
I just couldn't handle those puns anymore.
I mean, Steve Nichol just destroyed that child.
He just, whatever vestiges of hope there were in him, it just, he destroyed it.
Thanks a lot, Steve.
By the way, I'm sure Steve Nichol were here.
He probably give us a closing comment.
W-W-Q-A-M.
Hey, D-O-I-D-W-O.
Okay, sir.
Listen, I got a place here.
How about the county building?
You know, they rush on, they got upstairs and then have the mayor come to see me, X-U,
and say if you are, don't wear your mask off.
Hmm.
Is he done?
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
I have no idea what he just said.
There were some words that I recognized that seem fairly familiar.
W-W-Q-A-M.
Oh, damn it, that was Jim.
Yeah.
I could tell, I could tell by the dial tone that was Jim.
Come on, call us back, Jim.
America's waiting for you.
W-W-Q-A-M.
And I think everyone.
Yeah, that's the same guy again.
He keeps calling line 9, it's his fourth call today.
Get lost, loser, okay?
Go to the track, D-Full, pick you some weeners.
Well, that's another thing.
Now, some of the race track food is good, like a pop-it-o-parker course in the
clubhouse, and that the Ben and Jerry's.
With the food at Gulfstream, of course I haven't been there in years, but I hear some
real bad reports.
And the food at Hylia.
Woo!
Oh my God.
Woo!
When they were still doing their thing, I don't even know if they're ever going to do
their thing in Hylia.
I don't know what the status is.
No, do I want to know.
Wow, wow, wow.
And if the food was edible at Hylia, I wish it was not, but if it would have been,
the people who were selling it and handling it.
I mean, you'd have thought that at least they would have put the rafts in the backroom.
Huh?
It just don't look too appetizing when the people that are handling your food have got
their rubber rafts in like right by where they're standing.
And so, in fact, some of them were still standing in it with water up to their ankles.
Well, we got to have some extra water in order to boil some of them weenies we got a big
crowd today.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
John Brunetti, what you did, man, what you did to that once glorious place, there are
no words to describe it.
W-Q-A-M.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Steve.
Speaking of the polymingman, saw I'm not golfstreaming yesterday, picked me a bunch of losers.
Yeah.
Our David this morning was talking about rating.
Some guy was asking him what shares and, uh, the chronic, the chronic guy that was just
a minute ago who called people to panic.
The hard rock thing, yeah, I wish they had a full-out casino.
And last thing, I'm out in the old flake.
One of the polymingman's buddies.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line, guys that they threw out of New York City, guys that got, uh, bumped out
of Brooklyn, man.
All went up in South Florida and went up on the radio on QAM.
For a while, they're gone.
They're gone, which we say.
I really hear the big go.
I'm rather here.
Joe Zagaki and the big go do a, uh, two-man show for the next 400 years continuous,
and here they, uh, poly man or the Gurgley man.
That's not much to say.
Right.
The Gurgley man.
WQAM.
How they done?
Are they done on seven?
They sound unto me.
Well done.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, you forgot our little season.
Oh, little season is bad.
Oh, it's the worst.
It's cardboard.
Salty, salty.
Okay, thank you.
Little season.
Get that on it.
That's the one the bird used to tell me was so good.
The one down there on the old Dixie highway and the Gables.
Across from U of M where they had no taste anyway.
Yeah.
I'm going to take, we get confirmation that the beast was peeing out at Mark Light Stadium
on Saturday night.
I'm going to be so pissed off at that piece of dirt.
I might start taking most side about him and that would take an awful lot.
What is he thinking about?
In fact, what is the water not so you think about what he's doing is log lately, huh?
I think what you ought to do is just put all the spots for the same people I like back
to back.
That would be a good idea.
Say, time and effort.
But I'll bet you should get something really nice for assistance, executive, whatever
it held, the title is executive water Nazi on Wednesday.
What do you think Greg is going to give to all the ladies in the office on Wednesday?
Well, in the next hour we'll go down the list one by one.
11.56, four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQAM where we believe that incest is best.
Over a million people have brought a mattress at the Dalaii episode with a phone.
You don't have to go anywhere.
You don't have to see a big expensive showroom and help pay for somebody's rent.
All you have to do is make one simple call that even a moron can do.
Just pick up that instrument and one 800 MATTRES.
Do it right now and you'll be having a great night's sleep for months and years to come
from Dalaii mattress.
This is the only way to do it.
That's what I do.
That's when we killed it.
Even George did it finally.
A big shot like him called Dalaii mattress and they took care of him.
They carried the best mattresses in the world.
They got silly and serviced him and King Quo.
Every size, every style imaginable and exactly the one you want in the size you're looking
for is in stock ready for just about immediate delivery.
Dalaii mattresses rent the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
They got more repeat referral customers than anybody else going because they treat you
great.
And I guarantee you I'll say it again.
I'll bet George's life and Mo and Gildey and Carlos, so that all of your lives on it,
that once people buy a mattress over the phone from Dalaii mattress, they'll never go
back to schlepping the showrooms again.
And when you buy a mattress from Dalaii mattress, they set it up and take away the crappy
old bedding for free.
That is correct.
Dalaii mattress sets up.
The new one takes away the old bedding for free.
So make the call right now 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-T on the crusty old meal, tour to the call 1-800-MAT
for Dalaii mattresses to easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep.
We're supporting you 5-60-U-A-M.
Hey, I'm Frao, Ili and I'm a rush late man and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass
with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe hey, I'm going to eat that outer.
Fox News coverage of the liberation of a rat continues in a moment with the latest
surrender tellies.
The phenomenal battle successes of the last 24 hours and a special Fox News segment
on the genius of President Bush.
Is he everybody's hero or a saint, sent from heaven above?
Live coverage on CNN 24 hours a day is the war justified.
We'll show you a video of thousands of protesters yelling at each other then back to the battlefield
where US led troops to meeting stiff resistance from egg-throwing Iraqi citizens.
Hello, Chris Matthews, MSNBC, I'm in the way I'm yelling Beth.
Our reporters in Iraq share heart-wrenching stories of American heroism through green screen night vision cameras
and they will take you back to the States to meet their families in heavily-enid segments
featuring dramatic music that will bring even the men this man a convulsion chair.
Why am I yelling?
I don't know!
Only on our gizziness will you find the truth about the war in Iraq.
Tonight we show you the merciless bloody murder of millions of innocent allies by evil US forces
as they desperately try to raise their kill ratio to either failing leadership.
A total of one at five sixty-one from speaking of thoughts, here's this article from BuzzFlaz.
One thing is crystal clear, clear channel is a subsidiary of Bush Inc.
Rally for America, the supposedly politically neutral homegrown events that started sprouting up in cities across the nation earlier this year,
due thousands of flag-waving dixie-chicading folks who favor President Bush's war with Iraq.
The rallies also do their fair share of criticism,
though sponsored by local radio stations, those stations share a common owner,
the Texas-based clear channel worldwide anchor,
Jamedia Giant, with a nationwide network of 1,240 radio stations and a clear line to Bush.
No more media, let's have raised questions about Rally for America,
was it appropriate for a major media company to sponsor and uncover patriotic support the troops rallies?
Of course not, but what the ethics matter when friends are involved.
It's no coincidence that clear channel executives Tom Hicks and L. Lowry Mays have contributed tens of thousands of dollars to the US.
The Bush's gubernatorial and presidential campaign covers, or that clear channel gave over 119 grand and soft-money Republicans in 2001 and 2,
this on top of 83,000, it gave in 2000.
Democrats, meanwhile, got 25,000 dollars in soft money in the same three-year period,
or that clear channel station to be known to pull radio ads criticizing Republicans.
So, what if anything did clear channel hope to gain by querying favor with the pro-war Washington?
Well, consider that Congress is currently studying the effects of media consolidation
and may make changes that could affect clear channels reach.
Consider that media ownership is concentrated in two few hands,
Senator Russ Feincolder Wisconsin introduced the Competition and Radio and Concert Industries Act in 2002,
which would limit further deregulation.
The Senate Commerce Committee is held hearings on the legislation and the FCC as scheduled to vote for June 2.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell, yes, son of Bat Powell, already is indicated that media ownership regulations could be relaxed even beyond that,
of the 1996 Telecommunications Act, then enabled clear channel to go for morning 36 radio stations for less than the former legal limit.
To becoming the largest radio owner in the U.S., clear channel's executives like Powell's thinking they're not as fond of fine goals.
After all, I've been pretty good for clear channel while the number of radio stations that owns comprises 10% of the nation's total,
clear channel takes in 20% of all radio advertising revenues, $16 billion in 2001, and reaches 25% of all total listeners.
It owns approximately 39 television stations that more than 770,000 billboards,
clear channel is also the biggest live concert promotions firm, which is angered some in the music world,
recording artists, for example, have alleged that clear channel punishes musicians who don't hire clear channelers
their tour promoter by reducing the number of times their albums played on certain stations, or by taking out of a rotation.
Clear channel of course denies the charge.
Certainly all the negative publicity has gotten to clear channeler recently hired a public relations firm to improve its image and Washington DC lobbyist to help its cause.
Just last week, clear channel announced it was doing away with the pay for play system, whereby record companies funneled money through independent promoters to radio stations in exchange for ear play.
Instead, clear channel proposed a new restructure relationship with the recording industry on specific group wide contesting promotions and marketing opportunities,
but less than anyone thinks this is a step toward a new improved clear channel. Consider what one artist manager told the Chicago Tribune,
clear channel is getting rid of indie promoters so they can work more directly with the labels and artists.
We'd better off to keep our hands on our wallets.
That goes on and on for pages and pages. It was on our website yesterday, so it's on our stories on our featured stories from past days.
And of course we know that most of the radio stations in South Florida, most of the ones that anybody knows about, AMWIOD, WINS, WINZ, and what is it now, WFX?
What is it right? WRFX, WFX, WFX.
Right. And then of course FM, you got love 94 and you got Y100 and you got just a long, long list.
What's the other ones? Big. Big, small. Zeta.
Clause 94. I mean other than the three are the three that are owned by Cox and then a couple that are owned by us, the three owned by Beasley.
Everything else basically is clear channel, which is why you hear the same music, the same syndicated talk mice, the same red wing crap, every single market.
And boy, this administration loves it. Walk that away to go step the audience right along.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, anybody QAAM? Hello?
Yeah, how you doing now?
Okay, sir?
Hey, did you see that story about the guy that saved his own dog's dog because the firefighter didn't want to go up to the balcony?
No, he did not.
Yeah, he somehow he climbed up to the first, you know, the first four.
And he broke the sliding glass door. He grabbed his dog, the dog jumped out the balcony and he jumped.
They arrested him.
They arrested him for what?
They said that he was endangering other lives because if he's still not reason I've gotten a trap up there,
which he couldn't get broke the damn glass door.
Yeah.
And that he would put a firefighter in peril.
And then this morning, you know, the people were pissed and this morning they knew, appeared on one of those morning shows, I got up to pee and I just, you know, saw it.
Now, they brought out like his path. He's been arrested before like the drinking and stuff like that.
What's that got to do with one thing or the else?
Well, I see this was the dog drinking.
Yes, probably.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Look at that phone man. Nothing.
Zipity, dude. Like Mickey said, don't see that song anymore. I will anyway. Zipity, dude.
Very, very weak, baby.
And waiting for a coronary bypass has died after a delay in surgery because of the SARS outbreak.
How do you like that? Somebody was waiting for a coronary bypass had a wait because they closed down on those, you know,
hospital surgeries, right?
And they died while they were waiting while they were waiting for all this other stuff to get taken care of.
The important stuff.
WDQAM.
Yeah, let's speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Sir, topic change real quick for you.
General manager of the very last standard batch of freedom in the city full of the last strip club we ended on Saturday.
The mayor has been on a seven year campaign and finally succeeded.
We are all completely done now and I could never understand the reason why he had to close all those down tax paying businesses for the simple reason that it was not a venue he would ever
want to entertain and go to.
This was in the city of Fort Lauderdale.
Never in the city of Fort Lauderdale, correct?
So another was Jim Nogel, is what we're talking about.
That's correct.
That good Christian mayor, right, that they just reelected again for our reasons unbeknownst to me.
Exactly the same reasons I could not understand.
I mean, there's a lot of people who do support what he's done for the city.
And I really don't understand where the complication came into play.
I mean, if there was a lot, you have a covered land, not the name that had many arrests, many not one calls over the time of operation they've been open.
We've had two and a three and yet we seem to be more of a posture of concern to him than that establishment.
I could never understand the reasoning behind it.
Well, maybe not the recent right palms.
Well, that's the funny thing about our owner, owner said the same thing.
Everybody had their hand out, somebody had their hand out, at least he could at least do that.
But nobody ever had their hand out.
There was a lot of people inside the books, but this was a local spot.
This thing has been here for 23 years due to hard pressure and closing a lot of doors for us.
Our attorney said, you know, we're better off just ending it.
Or they would come in and basically just force us out no matter what.
Okay, well, good luck to pal.
I appreciate taking care of him.
Another one bites at us in four lotterdale, man.
We don't want no stuff like that. We don't want those swing clubs.
We got the BS hot on their tail.
Good old Ken Jenny with his hip boots.
But you know what?
I can sit here and pontificate and scream and I'll art.
It's not thought I'm never going to change.
Never ever going to change.
You're never going to have real casino gambling.
You're not going to have no slot machines in a race track.
All of these things are pipe dreams by well-meaning people, but that's not Florida, man.
It's a Bible thump in the end or thaw mugwump illegal alien.
Whatever hell it is.
It's very sad.
But it's paradise.
WDQIM.
What do you call?
WDQIM.
Ola.
I need to know how you're doing.
Okay, sir.
The flyers will put you out of your misery tonight.
Probably.
Oh man, that's it.
There you go. There's another one.
Another good sports fan.
The flyers will put you out of your misery.
Can't discuss it at all.
I admit the Leafs are sticking to join out.
The flyers are a better team.
They're playing a lot better.
Can't have a real discussion.
This is a, and this letter writer, this idiot.
You know, I have to agree with Mo.
I have to agree with Mo for once in my life.
Who was getting hysterical about this letter in a hero yesterday.
And that is that you people can't, most of you, can't have a real discussion with anybody.
Especially if there's any disagreement involved.
It's the little hit and run.
You know, you're real big guys behind the end of the minute of the phone.
But your pussy is what most of you are.
I mean, I'm really wounded by that.
Okay, you know, I've been a Leaf fan for 45 years.
And since 67 has been nothing but disappointment after disappointment.
So I'm used to it.
I have plenty of practice.
Ain't going to be the end of my life.
But that's a, that's a hockey conversation.
They'll put you out of your misery tonight.
First of all, not in any misery.
That's number one.
I'm doing just fine.
Asshole.
God, what a, what a pleasant place.
Hi, team's better than you guys.
And you know something?
If they want to play an auto-war in New Jersey next to fires, get their ass kicked.
They'll take you into your bed.
How do you like that, sir?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Put your Eric DeJade on.
And his broken foot, the Jardin, and the stick him to.
He's out.
Man, it is so pleasant.
Better you than me.
That's all I can tell you.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Well, pleasant, Bill.
Yes, sir.
This may be paradise, but you'll never see a paradise.
Yeah, that's what I said before.
Thanks for using my material.
And that clever.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You're right, man.
That Moe, he hit it on the head this morning.
I'm almost starting to like him a little bit.
I said almost.
Then I did say a very, very little little bit.
Well, when he's right, he's right.
It hasn't happened before, but there's a first time where everything.
Although he did go on to say, well, about most of our callers really have to say,
something to say, 90% I've heard your calls.
Who the hell are you kidding?
The same losers.
The same handful of knitwits.
Why can't you just tell me like it is?
Okay, you don't have to suck up to the callers.
Okay, Moe?
Most of them make it no diaries.
They're not going to help you out.
The freaking callers.
The ones that go, but they don't look like that.
Anyway, how many times did you hear about it?
Do you think that Todd Reckers ever got to send us any new copy for any of his accounts?
No.
I just asked that.
I'm just thinking out loud.
I'm not saying that on the ear.
And I'm certainly not asking anybody in particular that.
I'm just wondering myself, you know?
I wonder, wonder who wrote the book of love.
And I'm sure as hell wasn't him.
Todd, man, if anybody ever lived up to the name, Dreck is where it's at.
You really are it.
And of course, you know how it is now that's grand.
And they took, we can have, they still haven't scraped her ass off the floor back there.
They better get her up by Wednesday.
What you think?
No.
No, as I hear somebody's coming back to give her a real important gift on Wednesday.
Roar!
For assistance for whatever it is they.
How many times did you hear about a great opportunity?
But you just didn't reach out and grab it in time and it slipped away.
Well right now is one of those times the only thing this opportunity missed by you.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than before.
Financial group was offered you an interest rate of 3.45%.
Then they lowered it to 2.95%.
Now rates have gone down even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group.
That's right.
2.45%.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
How long will these interest rates last?
You may be wondering, well, probably not very long.
It's a window of opportunity which we invite you to hop right on through with financial group.
Because yourself an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself thousands and zillions of dollars.
Call financial group today.
There's no obligation else.
Explain it to you.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments?
Here's the answer.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $70,000-$76 a month.
If you have a $100,000 loan, you pay only $393 bucks a month.
So do it now.
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
1-800-940-Lend.
The Renekville Housing Letter.
Credit restrictions apply rates are something to obtain without notice.
5.34 APR.
I am law.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You weigh in.
I am Ephesians head coach and I love the queen of South Florida and Neil Rogers.
Should be in Britain and Palace, but we'll keep them here.
Real American households.
We salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, guy.
Dance by yourself, guy.
You think she's dancing with you?
Then she rubs another man's crotch.
Can a stiff man?
Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low.
But not you.
You feel the rhythm in your soul and the peach snops coursing through your veins.
King of a dance floor.
Sure.
People are looking at you, judging you, wishing you were dead.
But you don't care.
You just do a spin move and party are.
Watch him get down, watch him get down.
Finally, you make your move.
Only to find out that her boyfriend did time and enjoyed it.
So we salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, guy.
Your broken jaw, your ambulance driver and your parachute pants.
You are a real American household.
You ask whole.
From 17 to 560 WQM, happy Monday to you whether you're lucky or not.
A lot of sour people there, and I don't know what it is.
Anyway, we're asking our website today.
Maybe they eat too many bad meals and too many bad restaurants.
Could that be a too many bad restaurant taste?
Apparently there's plenty.
Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free?
We're asking on neo-rangers.com today.
We got over 500 vote, 503 to be exact.
If it's free, I'll eat it.
183.
36.3% are such free loaders that even if it tasted like mung,
even if it was like slime, it was slopped.
If it's free, I'll eat it.
McDonald's 55, I've changed it again, I hate it.
McDonald's like I said, 56.
South Florida Stadium Food 45, the Swap Shop Food 39,
pizza-huff-34, Burger King.
The spill got to say number of votes.
I'm waiting.
I'm sorry.
30, man.
God almighty.
RB 25, then he's 23, Miami subs 19, Olive Garden 12.
See it is that kind of a day, you know what?
It is Popeyes 9, Waffle House 7, Road House Grill 6,
Apple Bees and Little Red Caboosey Tav 4,
Little Red Cabooseal Turn you loose,
Dairy Queen 3 with their Brzear Specials,
Smith and Mollinsky 3, KFC 3,
and Boston Chickens got one.
They got one.
What was one of our fine sponsors?
It's a delights is right by Boston's chicken, right?
I don't know.
In Boka.
What do you mean you don't know?
What is your story, man?
What is your story?
We never had to go there.
Remember the food would show up here,
whether we, uh, what we wanted it.
Israel 6 pipeline for a raki oil.
We already had this story.
I mean, Lynn Breathlessly, thank you Lynn,
but we already had this story.
And by the way, tell them,
oh, that was going to be my poll question tomorrow.
Canis Musmacho, Matt Damon or Matt Dredge.
Huh?
Oh, I got the rest of that story there.
She'd have a nervous breakdown.
I grew close personal friendly and
who's got that obsession with Miss the Dredgemeister,
with that lady.
I got, I got it right here.
I'm, my, my kid too, that one of these days soon.
About her sending those roses to David Brock.
But at any rate, well, it is, uh,
assistant day or something like that.
Isn't it?
It's here a professional ass day.
Israel 6 pipeline for a raki oil plants.
And we did say this, but it's worth repeating.
Because this should give you a little better insight
as to what's going on.
Plants to build a pipeline to siphon oil
from newly conquered Iraq to Israel are being discussed
between Washington, television,
potential future governments and Baghdad.
The planet visages the reconstruction
of an old pipeline in active
since the end of the British mandate in Palestine in 48,
when the flow from Iraq to northern orphils
to Palestine was redirected to Syria.
Oh, no.
Now it's a resurrection,
which transform economic power in the region,
bringing revenue to the new US-dominated Iraq,
cutting out Syria and solving Israel's energy crisis at a stroke.
It would also create an endless and easily accessible source of cheap
Iraqi oil for the US guaranteed by reliable allies
other than Saudi Arabia,
a keystone of US foreign policy for decades,
and especially since 9-11.
Until 48, the pipeline ran from the Kurdish-controlled city
of Mosul to the Israeli port of Haifa
on the northern Mediterranean coast.
The revival of the pipeline was first discussed openly
by the Israeli Minister for National Infrastructures,
Joseph Perwitsky,
a corner of the Israeli newspaper Horits,
and we had this last week.
The paper corp. Beritsky is saying that the pipeline
would cut Israel's energy bill drastically,
probably by more than 25 percent,
since the country's currently largely dependent on extensive imports from Russia.
There you go.
See, maybe Lynn was busy plunging her guts out in Vegas
when we had the story of the first time,
but it bears repeating again,
thanks, sweetheart.
Kines must matcho.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Matt Dylan.
Oh, I would agree.
Are you kidding me?
Matt Dylan?
Matt Damon.
How much?
Oh, I'm sure.
Matt Dylan.
5.670560,
pound 560.
I don't know what it is.
I feel like I'm on Magic Mushrooms or something, though.
Maybe it's these great friendly calls.
Anybody QAN?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I can talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
I just want to talk about mall.
I can talk to you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You ever heard a term better deal you?
Tom what?
You ever heard a term better deal you?
Better deal you?
Yeah, we had a better deal for you.
You know what I mean?
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
You know what he really wanted to hear?
Oh my!
Oh my!
That's the thing I wanted.
He didn't have the balls to ask for it.
So I did.
You know I had to sneak it in.
We know what you want.
And quit looking at Joe as a private.
The beast is very upset.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Speak to me.
Neil God.
Yes I am.
I have a billboards by reporters.
Anybody told you about the billboards around town?
What do you mean our billboards?
Yeah.
They've been up for two months.
Oh, all right.
Well, yeah.
There's one on that turnfike where they have 100 yards down for the south.
They have a most billboard bringing up your rear.
No, you're at the other way around.
I'm on Moe's rear.
I'm on Moe's ass.
I'm on the air.
But you're on the air.
You're on the air.
Well, that's all I got.
Okay.
Thanks for the exciting news.
And by the way, Hitler just shot himself in the head.
Turn the label.
Yeah.
So the beast is upset.
He called breathless.
Breathless with anger.
That the show was saying that stuff.
Well, I'm in a soup.
People can call it and see any crap they want.
Just like they were telling us that Boobshambi blew up again all the way back.
And Muff came running breathlessly in there.
It's saying, oh no, he's still spelt and never gained back announce.
He said, oh, nothing but soup.
Yeah.
Was the soup on his balance for life diet?
No.
I get to tell me that.
I mean soup.
He could have had like a big bowl of clam chowda.
You know how fattening that is?
I mean, I love doing clam chowda.
And of course, him being from Boston.
He's probably in New England fan chowda.
Probably about a gallon.
He probably had like a whole watchy call it of it.
What do they, what do you carry coffee in a thing?
A thermos?
Yeah.
Huh?
Because it keeps it hot.
He probably had a big steaming thermos of New England fan chowda.
And a couple of other sausages there.
What a great segue to balance for life.
You know, once upon a time we had a little round really poorly guy called the beast.
They used to be on balance for life.
We're getting him off of it now.
We're going to find somebody else, some other fat person at QAM,
that really would appreciate and enjoy the food and stay on a program.
He lost 62 pounds and that's what cheatin' like every other day.
Can you imagine if he really would've done it the right way?
He'd be like a svelte right now probably getting laid once or twice a day.
Maybe with himself but nevertheless something.
Balance for life is the great way to lose the weight because it's easy.
Even a schmuck like the beast can do it.
Because they do all the figure in for you.
The only choice you have to make is on that menu they send you once a week.
You pick between two choices for each meal.
I read it at your own program.
Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and your snacks.
You get to choose between two for all of those five meals.
In your little black sack when they deliver the food here every morning by six,
there it is all the food for the entire day.
Nothing to gas, nothing to buy, nothing to count.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, and it's all fresh and delicious made with fine ingredients.
You just pop your little microwave trays in a microwave.
Some of the stuff you don't even have to do that.
Okay, I wouldn't suggest when I give you the old meal cookie, probably don't nuke that.
When you think, oh come on, hot cookie.
Now there is nothing like a hot cookie.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks.
So there's plenty of food to keep you full all day long.
And the best part of the deal is nothing frozen, nothing prefabricated.
No little teeny tiny containers with lots of chemicals in like those other joints.
So let balance for life, help you lose the weight and get rid of that big, disgusting, unhealthy fat blob.
Call them today, 9.54.
In fact, speaking of getting rid of that big fat blob, what about the beast?
Call 9.54, 568.32.29.
9.54, 568.32.29.
No soup, by the way, or check them out on their website at balanceforlife.com.
Line in local land.
We're sports radio 560.
She went to UAM.
You call that?
Eat this?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh!
I'm a cat.
Call 3560.32.
I'm a loser from Philly, that fire fan, I call to have our go with this quick hit and run.
I should like to point out to the audience that Saturday, in case they didn't see the game,
which is the overwhelming majority and most don't care anyway.
But Saturday and Philly, when they sang Oh Canada first, before, in fact, it's Gene Hart's daughter.
He used to do the play by play for the flyers for years, Gene Hart.
Another taste of tasty cake, it was good.
But she's the one.
She's great.
She's beautiful and she's a great singer.
She sings both National Anthem.
But once she started Oh Canada, the crowd in Philly, a lot of those Bore shassels were booing again,
back to that crap again, back to the old booing crap again.
Philly, the most obnoxious, the most hostile, the nastiest, most belligerent people on the face of the earth.
Just go to any kind of a sporting event there.
Talk to Mike Schmitt or anybody else who plays sports in Philly and they'll tell you that Philly fans are crap.
Okay?
They're garbage.
So, in fact, when I show us over, I might just call up Pat Quinn and say, you know, Pat, you better get the team to win tonight.
At least play a good game and give them a...
And if not even win tonight, just the injury, if you more of them, would be good.
Just out of spite.
Anything happened to with Philly and it makes me want to vomit.
Okay?
Except the course for Dick Clark.
Anybody else?
I'm trying to think of other people from Not Philly.
Well, what's his name that they were accused of murder?
Fill a specter.
Philly specter?
Philly specter.
Anyway, this article was just facts to me that you'd have sent in so depressing I'd like to blow my brains out.
New reality show in the work starring O.J.
This article was in the Fort Myers news press today.
Fort Myers Norman Pardo caught no relation to Don.
I'm sure, called one of the most culturally diverse rednecks you'll see is bringing O.J. Simpson back into the spotlight.
Oh, man.
Pardo's publicly traded company, Spiderman International Inc.
Now look at the way they spelled publicly.
What I got to say.
This is in the Fort Myers news paper.
Has side a one-season contract with Urban American Television Network to televised a 13-week series starring O.J.
The reality based show will be aired during prime time starting in June.
Well, since the reality based, maybe you can kill a couple of people.
UATVN is approximately 75 affiliates and comes into 22 million households through satellite TV.
David Simon, UATVN executive vice president for network operations, declined to release more details about the show.
I hear it's a killer.
Oh, man.
In the next two weeks, Simon says he expects the old press conference in the Miami area.
Pardo's spider boy corporate officer, Gwen Ken Greenberg, an attorney-crate brand.
They've been working out details of the show with officials from the network.
They'll meet in Fort Lauderdale.
They met in Fort Lauderdale last Tuesday.
I can't really describe the show because it's going to have a bunch of different things in it, Pardo said.
But it'll be the hottest thing on the network I can tell you that this is a format O.J. has been looking for.
Oh, man.
Oh, brother.
Pardo and Simpson have developed a friendship over more than two years.
And Simpson's been quoted in the past as calling Pardo my redneck buddy.
He's the most culturally diverse redneck ever met, Simon, and said with a chuckle.
The world is changing and it's changing for the better.
Not if he's going to be on TV.
Pardo was about 60 hours of tape of Simpson, most of which was shot during a 12-city tour from 2001 and 2002.
They were impressed with the amount of equipment we had, as well as the quality of the videos, Pardo said, the network.
They thought they were more exciting than Ann and Nicole and the Osborne combined.
But your bloody magicians is what they saw.
Oh, man.
They're like that.
Like I said, America loves a scumbag man.
They have no mistake about it.
Here's another fact that says, but yeah, the on the on the on a certain of bases yet they're going to have three or four permanent bases US in Iraq.
They're never leaving.
Number two, it says I was on a recent British airways flight among the choices for the personal video was boring for Columbine.
When I returned to cassette to the cabin crew, they told me with the most popular selection among the number on legion.
How many movies were on the list?
About 30, man.
I wonder if any US based airline would have the guts to offer bull in for Columbine.
No, no chance.
Also, I think the air letter was sent by Tom Jicken and 10th of input on local radio matters.
See, I think what's going on now because we discussed this before the show today and of course with the economy, the way it is and add the ads being cut back.
Because newspapers have traditionally hated radio like poison and been terrified of local radio.
They don't like it because TV is a whole different category because it reaches for more people and the rates are very much higher.
But the comparison would be between newspaper and radio sales and ads.
And so as a result, and I think that's what they've got.
He'd never admitted Tommy Jicken, but it's more than just a coincidence that absolutely nothing that's going on in local radio has gotten a word for over a year from Jicken, from Glenn Garvin, from Kevin Amal Baseball guy now, Baxter, any of these people.
They would deny it, but guess what? There's nothing in there.
Except, you know, some big bet is on Y1009.
Any else I mean, it was crap.
Anything that might be perceived as publicity, forget about it. Not going to do it.
Jim Lenz from Plantation, you've only got 25 minutes to go to call in today to continue programming the entire radio station.
And then when you do call in, be sure, let us know when you're done.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
QA and hello.
Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Hello, Neil.
How are you?
I am good. A couple of things. First of all, the mutant near.
I don't know if it's too late to get on your pole.
The mutant near down in South Bay has green fish.
Really?
Yes. I don't care what they, if they had to torture me, I wouldn't need it.
Okay.
The most important thing is I was calling with a fireport about the turnpike.
I had been sitting on the turnpike going south for, in the South Bay extension for about 25 minutes.
There is an accident that apparently was spreading across all six lanes, both directions.
They've just opened it up again. So I guess at the end of that.
But it is pretty packed up all the way to call away.
The third thing is, thinking of hockey, that I'm really looking forward to is the matchup between the ducks and the stars.
Why is that going to be fun to watch? It's going to be blood all over the ice.
Why is that?
I just don't think the ducks are up to it, do you?
Well, who thought that they were up to the red wings?
Exactly.
You thought that at the least not showing up where the heck was going to be?
Don't sell the duck's short, okay? Don't sell them short.
But you know, it's not good.
In this which I hate the stars anyway, so go ducks.
Well, let me ask you one more question.
If you had to make a choice between the flyers and the devils winning the east, which one was your roof for?
I hate them both.
I blow my brains out.
Okay, well we agree.
Go Sanders, go.
Have a good time.
I'll find you two. Bye-bye.
Go Sanders, go if that's what it turns out.
Of course, the Leafs haven't lost it.
It's not official.
We still got that game tonight.
I'm looking to good, though. Not too promising.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Fund.
And you know something, win or lose.
The fans here will comport themselves much more professionally and much more like real people than they did in Philadelphia on Saturday and every day in a fully for any sporting event.
Because there are a bunch of scumbags.
Air and V streetcourt in Philadelphia is loaded with scumbags.
Many can even smell at the sun.
In fact, what happened?
They must have had like a flood and all the slime from Philly went over across the river to Jersey.
And that's what happened to Jersey.
Jersey gets the knocks all the time, but all that stench and all that slime.
It all came from Philly right across the freaking, what is that bridge?
The Brent Franklin Bridge.
And what's the other one?
Yes, can be.
You never been a Philadelphia, huh?
Yes, sir.
Good. Good choice.
Cherry Hill, there's Jersey's okay though.
Okay.
WDQAM.
I'm back.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
I'm done.
Yeah, you're done all right, just like the other guy before we started. WDQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Okay, I got a restaurant for you.
Okay.
Church is taking you to the bus.
Okay.
All right, thank you.
Thank you so much.
I was quick and to the point.
Churches, we had these on there or like, uh, what were we doing?
Yeah, and what was the one that she said, moments ago?
You didn't hear.
You didn't hear.
Get the old, you didn't hear on there.
Okay, well that swash, swishbuckler.
The old pirate.
If it's free, I'll eat it.
199 free loaders out there.
36.5% of you say you don't give a crap what the deal is.
If they paid for it, you'd eat it out of 550 some odd votes.
200 even now.
If it's free, I'll eat it.
McDonald's 59.
South Florida, stadium food 49.
The Swap Shop Food 41.
Pizza Hut 35.
Burger King is still stuck there on.
Bop 3rd man.
Arby's 28.
Denny's 26.
Minisub's 20.
The Olive Garden 16.
It's Italian-ish.
Popeyes 9.
Waffle House 9 already.
That just went on there.
Waffle House they hated.
I'm trying to think of ever.
I can remember the Waffle House in Fort Lauderdale.
Somewhere.
Yeah.
But I don't think I ever ate there.
Waffle House 6.
KFC 5.
Apple B's 5.
Little Red Caboose 4.
Smith and Wailonski 3.
And it's just small potatoes.
I've been a little see this.
Got a couple.
Oh!
Now of course this is so long ago with the burden.
Everything is hard for me to judge.
But he used to rave about how great that pizza was.
I went in there with him one day.
It was the saltiest.
See with me, I'm not into salt.
You know, I never use salt to begin with.
If food needs salt first of all, then it's not good at all anyway.
But pizza that's salty, you know what I'm saying?
And you know people that put salt on the pizza?
Have you ever seen that?
Yes.
Oh, there's some people that put salt on everything.
That's too probably, you know.
Not for this good.
20-1.
Salty Mad Dog.
Jim Maddichu 1.
Hank from Shulahsett 3.
Purakun Hotline at 7.
The big...
Oh!
...and 8.
Any K from G8s at 10 o'clock with the odds on the games they haven't been invented yet.
With pairs that haven't been born yet in June Mark overnight.
If your carpets look like they were born and died.
Like somebody had a bad accident.
Like maybe Dr. Laura's mother was visiting your living room.
Here's the answer for you.
Make your carpeting look and smell lemony fresh and just like brand new with our friends at dry concepts.
No matter how much hell your carpets have been put through, they can take the nastiest looking and smell the carpets
and with their dry cleaning method, exclusive and patented with dry concepts, they'll make them look just like brand new.
You'll be amazed.
They'll smell lemony fresh when they get done.
They'll dry in a couple of hours.
And you'll look around and everybody would swear you had brand new carpeting laid right there on your floor.
They also do a stupendous job of hitting your plullsery leather furniture.
And of course your expensive area and carp, and or animal rugs to your flying carpets.
If you have problems with pet orders and milder orders caused by water damage, they'll make those go away in a heartbeat too.
I've been using them in my house for well over 21 years and you ought to be doing the same.
Call dry concepts, they'll never let you down.
No rip off, see that they give you a written guaranteed price right up front before they start doing their sensational job.
Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071.
Or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
It's true when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
My life and love, this is 430560, in Wayne, New Haven.
Projectile.
Clear channel, want you to show your support in our rally for Pax America.
We'll be scheduling one in your town show.
So call your local clear channel on the corner and sign up now.
All 50 of you will be supplied with our annual patriotic signs of A and will be invited to enjoy our Texas style Christian barbecue.
While flipping off liberal dissenters, the festivity will be kept off with a community boat burning bomb fire.
All you have to remember is March-Fowlton-Locks-Damp and Don't Blink Your Eyes.
Hey, you blink your eyes.
The Patriot.
Not a little book leader.
The talented film Henry was once one of them.
So we took him downstairs to the quiet room.
We were aware that you're a nice guy, Mr. Henry.
I was a nice guy myself, wasn't I?
Yeah.
Oh, I had my share of liberal views in the past.
And I found out, Mr. Henry, that the world is a school of business.
Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity?
Yeah, but let me say something for some reason.
There is only a need for clear channel, general electric, halibut and Bic-Tel, Amical, Sebron and Shell.
Okay.
For no odd, Mr. Henry.
Yeah.
You will make all your perverted caracters liberal dissenters.
Okay.
Because Mr. Henry, you're on radio, dummy.
All right.
All right.
Are you sure?
Come up 46.
Somebody says I love the Phil Henry bit that Peronese Howard Beals is a meeting with Mr. Jensen.
And there was, it's right on target to be played about 30 times.
And Phil's defense, it says he's gone back to the character stick in my opinion, he's lost all credibility.
Says the fact that, yeah, that's true.
Lost all credibility.
Very sad, so love.
And then they have the foot spot to go.
And naturally they put this in a paper.
I noticed that Glenn Garvin puts this in a people section to remember, puts that stuff in an arrow a few days ago.
When he was lamenting the fact that, you know, this network show that he's supposed to be honored, or is honored, whatever.
He might jeopardize that because he came out against, you know, in favor of the war.
Then that's like saying, I had the balls to come out and say, I believe in God in America, you know, and I might lose my gig.
Right.
Or that you're gay.
Red lobster, how can we forget his right?
Get red lobster under immediately. I guarantee you will zoom up that list real fast.
Okay. I changed my vote.
In fact, while the food may not be all that good, at least the portions are tiny.
And it's just a...
I mean, just unbelievable.
It's like, you know, that would be $100 for what? Like for those three turds on a plate.
Yeah, that's it. You got it.
The red looser, man. I just... I don't want to go into it.
Not one of our favorites. I'm gonna show up now.
Hey, then, that's just the way it goes. Okay. The poll question is, where would you never read if they gave you the food for free even?
And we got 203, almost 36% said, if it's free, I'll eat it. They don't care.
So I think that maybe a lot of these places would do a lot better, like red lobster.
They just said, free dinner tonight.
Huh? And we'll be more than happy to promote it.
It's kind of like the free spaghetti dinner at Poppato Park.
Then a land office business, man.
Do you know the last one that we did? We had 250 old Yentos.
I mean, wonderful people lined up for that in the fourth floor.
250.
And even my friend Dick Feinberg was shocked. He was a guest to see that many people, especially.
You know, it was like toward the end of the spring meat here.
One thing is they're kind of slowing down just the wee bit in South Florida.
When all the snowbirds are going back up north to the final place where they can be safe.
Like Toronto, for example.
Or we can be safe. We only got SARS and West Nile virus. Other than that and the Leafs and those flyer fans.
5,6705,60, pound 560 on the AT&T.
This was a bizarre show today, but you know something that was fine. It worked great.
Yeah. It did. It was good. I like it.
Yeah. I like a little, huh? We're still here. I like a little whackingness there. A little goofiness.
Not a lot. Just the right amount.
Jim and plantation never called in the who wrote allegedly this letter that we think was penned by PD Lenny with a cooperation of Jeff D. Fow and Pauli, man.
In yesterday's hero, talk radio needs a boost. You need a boost. Okay, PD Lenny, we're out of the building and thank God you got yourself one.
And don't come back and visit anymore. Not when I'm there. You idiot.
See, we could take an interstation pull about which sales hold is the most unacceptable past where's it?
PD Lenny would still be there. He'd have been in the running. But I think between Fat Boy and Todd Dreck, there is the battle.
There's the heart of the battle right there.
No. You don't think? That boy does come across with copy every now and again.
Yeah. Todd, you're right. Todd Dreck wins. We just took the pull and Todd Dreck won.
Give them the good news. WDQAM. WDQAM. QAM, hello.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, yes, sir. I'm calling reference American Airlines CEO. Yeah.
If you have a bonehead of the year or idiots of the year awards, they got it for the year. That's right. You're right.
They got it. And if there should be some kind of investigation to go through their book, well, they're only getting a few million, man.
Just while everybody else is supposed to be given on 90% of their salary back to only getting millions.
Yeah, that's just a little bit. That can't believe all these people's jobs is in jeopardy and all the employees as willing to take up take.
Are they willing to make up take? Are they willing to make up come a line? They're okay. Now let's get them money.
Hey, man, screw American man. Well, that's all I got. Thank you. Get a get a vote in a paddle.
And air candidate is back in court today seeking, you know, a little more protection and bankruptcy protection.
All the airlines man are in a crapper. That's right. They're in the crapper.
And of course, first it was the terrorism thing we had 9.11. And now, of course, everybody's afraid to fly because of the sourest thing.
And if you happen to see anybody on a plane who like coughs, what's all I'm getting out of here? Where's the parachute?
You know, I was telling George before the show today. I'm not really all that paranoid about it here. I'm walking the downtown.
I hear anybody cough for sneeze. I just, you know, I just, I just started moving a little faster.
I started moving into a canter and then like a wild a dash and a mad run. I dropped my bags, whatever I got on the street.
And that's it. Say, uh, not nervous about it though.
I think it would be a real good idea if people would stop going to funerals. It seemed like I'd like three different episodes here where infected people have got a funerals and jeopardize the other people there.
Well, what's the big deal going to a funeral? Why can't you stay away? And we're talking about healthcare workers who should know better you assholes. Jesus.
I will say this everything seems to be an obstacle in the general community yet. When it is, you'll see me at the door. I'll be there.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, I mean, you know, I'm a crusader and all that. When it starts getting.
When it starts getting a little bit too heavy to eat. When you see a lot of people with red faces and sneezing and gagging and etc.
At that point, I'll be at the airport and hope that somebody is still flying. And if not, I'll just run a car and drive to Buffalo.
1252 at 560. QM. Hey, listen and see here's another. This copy is unacceptable to us. It's unacceptable.
You get to be a pathetic user. We can't stand you. We hate you. Anyway, if you're in a real dead end job, you ought to be talking to our good friends at fast drink because they can help you get a real career.
Maybe a radio sales hole would be okay like Todd who's stealing money every day or how about a new hot pan computer job, which is what fast drink and help you get.
They can train you in just four short months and you can be getting a big fat one every couple of weeks on a paycheck too.
Call one 866 fast train and get all the details. Call them today. They offer you convenient day evening and weekend classes.
Check out fast train on the web at fast train.com and get yourself out of that dead end job working for peanuts and start making a real serious income and have some real skills too.
Call a fast train today. They're all over town. So there's bound to be a location nearby you. Call them. They're in Miami. Kindle Pemberpines and Fort Lauderdale.
And they'll be more than happy to tell you exactly where they are and where to go. And be sure and register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Whoop the do. Pick up that phone and call fast train today. When you call, be sure and tell them Todd Dreck.
Totally to call. They will laugh their ass off. Todd Dreck with a capital D. Call fast train. 1 866 fast train.
And call. This is Fort Real 5 City.
We will be waiting for you.
The Bush.
Hurry back to the moon!
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to a dominoe kill with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea.
The notes they're toe to toe. Right. Queen is willing to go over and over and to our head.
Daddy ragged ass off. Memphis of past destruction.
3000 people killed. Are now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead.
There's oil to be caught. Going after sent down to play Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seems concerned all. I'll be in complacence. We'll leave it every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the day of manipulation.
The right. Queen is willing to go over and over and to our head.
That I ragged ass off. We're fins of past destruction.
Don't get any worse.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ass from this saying.
I have nothing to hide. Tables, pockets, all are saved. I don't be in cattle don't have any reservations.
Southerment provokes battle and world annihilation. Old regimes must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all.
Till the crackdown have the fall and the right. Queen is willing to go over and to our parade was meant by ragged ass off.
We're fins of past destruction. Only a ragged ass off. We're fins of past destruction.
Like I said, not a bag show today except we are very bitterly disappointed that human plantation did not call. What a bad, bad break for us.
You know what? I guess he's not a big one. With that book coming out on Friday.
We're going to need some real tips, you know, depending on how things go, how to reprogram the station, get back on the right track.
Get back on track. That's what we need to do a QAM, right?
Absolutely correct.
Right. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? We asked today on eorogers.com.
If it's free, I'll eat it. 209. If it's free, they'll eat it. 35%. Put it on a plate. They'll eat it.
McDonald's 61 South Florida Stadium Food 50 Swap Shop Food 44. Pizza 38. Bougar King is still got about 30.
Arby's 29. Then he's 28. Mimie subs 21. Olive Garden 17. Pop eyes 11. Waffle out 10. 7. Lemon food like them. Great pickle legs 8. KFC 8 and it's a small potatoes after that.
I'll take two. I'll take two small potatoes.
Thank you Roger Show. I'm rising to the QAM. My name is Ford LaGada.
I'm getting pounded.
