The one thing I wanted to talk about that I didn't today I'm going to do it tomorrow for sure is that the last
against tonight at USL you're a field I forgot the mission that I think that is the worst
fans in all of baseball the ones that jump out of that stadium and try to kill people the Chicago white
socks fans are thugs, buns, pigs, idiots, drunks, luscious and horrors.
The one good thing is there aren't that many of them. I love you Neil how are you doing today in Toronto?
I don't know great. Another lovely day up there now. No no no. I have to go to the DMV today which is a lot like going to Cuba.
We'll have to postpone till Thursday the big esposa you're going to do on most new contract extension.
Yeah, mall gets anything he wants around here. Well he's got pictures. Anyway I want to ask you one thing because you're talking heavy
baseball and you all start getting in your life since you're trying to get whip up some enthusiasm get a few
extra people at the Marling game in your life have you ever heard a more boring play by play rather than Dave and boring?
I actually I can't believe that you're waffling. He's got a bad hair piece by side. I have beautiful wife.
When I was with my father the other night who is excited to talk to you tomorrow everyone here loves him.
I said the other day we were going to the game and I was like hi ever by the day I'm horn. It's another lot of all of it.
I've got to have five errors and he's still doing a great job. Up and away. I mean your hot prince is rolling over in his grade.
You better believe it the gunner. Oh my god. I can't believe it. Yeah I can't like I've been blessed to listen to some of the grades.
I was just saying last night it didn't like I said listen to Kurt Gaudi call a game like you know impartial and then you get the guys here that
that'll do it and they just absolutely crow for the home team. It's torture. He's like granny,
Craterian Pittsburgh. He's so scared to say anything bad about the pirates that Randall Simon wasn't even mentioned when he was being mentioned.
Up princes partisan as he was he was a real homer. But when one of the players had played for crap he would rip them an ass.
Do you remember when he's standing? Yeah, I'm curious all over his ass he ripped him an ass. We were talking about Dick Hogan.
We were talking about him home many times. We were talking about every time.
Up friends. We were talking about all of the players. He can Elroy face. House Smith. We were talking about Steve Arzo. He burges.
His dr. Strange glove. Big story. Honest Wagner. Bill Maserowski. And remember how the home run before that now.
He heard. Yeah, Billy Burton. And he we did a lot with him through the years. He still I think he meant like was one of the bench coaches through last season.
Bob Skinner. Hey, they gave boy McClendon a new extension. Dave Parker used to snort up the chalk in the first place. He used to sell really good offers too.
Did he? Yeah, he did. Hey, listen, I got to go to the DMV. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Give me an answer. Dave Van Boring. Come on.
I don't want you to leave it waffling. You're staring sound like Duffman. No, I said he was a I think he's I think he's a homer and he's boring.
And we had Joe Angel here who really was like a part of the team. He was exciting. He was enthusiastic and he screwed him over.
I actually like boot. Shombie is very nice to me. And he seems like a cool guy. Who's a good guy? He's one of the few people we really love.
Yeah, we're going to have a contest who can get laid first. Clarence or Booge? Hey, maybe we can fix the two of them up.
They say it is on vacation this week. And we have footage of him at home eating Cheetos. He's on his 14th bag and he drinks milk with it.
I like it. If the beast is out this week, maybe a boob can fill a gap for Clarence. Yeah, I turns out the beast is flying first class to Boston.
Am I was dad paid for everything? Yeah, he's a sport rich guy. He lives in Fisher Island. Don't forget what I told you. Take him to lunch one day. Give him a couple of brews and he'll spill the beans.
What do you think of Howard Brown? What do you think of him pulling out of our golf outing with a blusher story? I'm so glad you volunteered that.
See, I'm not the one that brought it up. Both for all of volunteer to this is a guy who's always talking about the wonderful things we do for charity.
But in a meantime, he stiffed goldie on a golf tournament that he takes somebody to do it and does a lot of work on. He raised a lot of money for him. He stiffed him on that. And now he stiffened you on your golf tournament.
And I'm raising money on Thursday nights. I'm waiting tables at a cheeseburger joining close. We're given all the money to breast cancer.
Yeah, well, he's not trying. He's in East Asia. Yeah, I did you ever know there was a one armed outfielder? Really? Yeah, but see, I don't know.
I remember there was a one arm. There was a one arm pitcher. Yeah, that was Jim Abbott through the know-it-er. He stayed. We were talking about Eddie Gidell and the midget or whatever.
Right. But somebody said the yesterday there was a one armed out somebody said that my dad. Yeah, it was your dad. I just unbelievable.
Did you ever go to sportsman's park in St. Louis? No, no. I've been to sportsman's park race track in Chicago. I was told by I was in a park. Have you ever been to Bay Maddo?
No, I'll tell you a great story about my shortcut to a sportsman's park in Chicago down Cicero Avenue, but that's we don't have to.
Cicero is a lovely neighborhood. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. We get some good Vienna dogs. Now we'll all torn up and we'll like to keep in the Bay Maddo's.
Did you like Sanity? I've been I've been to what the hell they call a track in Sacramento. What is the name of that thing? Sacramento? Gold and beer in Sacramento? Did you ever go to Sacramento? Did you ever go to church?
No, I have not. Now you've been to obviously I'm more of a harness. Have you ever been to the Belmont? Have you ever been to Hazel Park? Hazel Park? Have you ever been to Jackson, Harnes, Raceway? No.
I think of the Meadows. I'll tell you one thing. This coming season will get you up to Pompano Park. I would like that. You know, I'm big on anything that has the potential to wreck with wheels.
You and Moe and Fat Rich and I will plunge our guts out at Pompano Park. We'll bond up there. We'll scrape this whole thing out with Moe yet.
I guess you won't be watching the All-Star game tonight. No, I will not. But you will eat seven grandites today. No, I will not. Yes, you will. No, I won't. Yes, you will. No more that crap. You love shit.
Hey, I got diabetes, man. In fact, I got to go for my blood test right now. He's going to anacology. I never even heard of a doctor. He's going to anacology. He was lying to me this morning. I was just like, look, Adam, going, you prick.
Yeah, I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you
I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you . I've got you. I've got you. I's got you. I've got you I've got you . I've got you. Birthday. I can cut your throat. Iman children like me. I can cut your throat. There's a lot of people that like me but I don't that I'm nice. I need money. any stuff make Me? great. any stuff make Me?
WHAT ARE YOU?
You A-Up is proud to announce Howard David is dead.
Hey! Hey! Thank you, Rowan!
Forget about it.
That's a really effort.
Days of intensive shock therapy.
Management emerged with a brand new lineup
for the vacationing Howard David.
Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Mark M. Zun Joe.
Baby Oval Whale is intended to be with periodic sports updates by Yielding.
That's the Joe Mark M. Zun Joe.
Now on 516 WQAF.
Can I wait at 560 WQA? I'm happy to be too.
I feel like I work yesterday, huh?
Why's that?
I just do because I bailed your ass out.
You were dying on the vine. I have to be seeing you working my brains out,
just working feverishly over my DCS computer.
Sweating.
And punched up the thing on cue and you're like dying over there.
So I bailed your ass out and had a tremendous response in that poll and you do
understand why, don't you?
No. Why?
Because it gave the audience an opportunity to rip Moe and ass again.
Oh, was that it?
I didn't even care about that.
That will even have to.
Which of these events will happen first, George?
Ask yesterday?
For well, move to the 6th to 10 slot, which is of course a very pro for well-anthymo vote.
And now you don't have to worry about that, folks, because now they hate each other like
Poison. That didn't take too long to do it.
No.
Now, although we don't want to be ripping Moe too much because in spite of all of his
denials, in spite of his golf games and everything,
I'm listening.
Yeah, you know that.
Make no mistake about it.
I am listening.
For well, move to the 6th to 10 AM slot, 561.
For well, lose the stations license, 126.
Aliens will come for a visit, 93.
The ice capsule, Melvin, Killisaw, 93.
And asteroid will hit and kill us all, 77.
Jeff Rimmer will pay for a meal.
69 never happened.
Thank you.
And going to happen.
Next, it had been way down on the bottom.
And quit ripping the rumors.
Will you please?
No.
Sick and tartless, psychotic phone call.
George stops sounding gay 51.
That will never happen either.
U.S. ends its occupation of Iraq 41.
Eric will croak 26.
Now, why did you put that on there?
Eric suggested I will croak, meaning whoever votes.
But I didn't think it translated well.
So I just changed it to Eric.
Eric will croak 26.
I think I voted for that.
A Carlos gets his life together 25.
That also will never happen.
And peace between Israelis and the Palestinians 12.
Okay, out of almost 1200 votes yesterday.
Not bad.
Oh!
For the middle of July, nobody's in town.
Pretty damn impressive.
Oh, I don't, let me forget on Thursday.
Since we already did the Dave Van Boring thing,
although he was pretty weak in his attack on Dave.
He must be, had the hospital's wife.
But at any rate, on Thursday, I have to remind him that
that will be appropriate anyway.
Because the following Thursday, a week from this Thursday,
the, what's the day?
24th?
Yes.
He's going to be the ratings.
Not just another trend, but the spring book.
That's right.
April, May and June, the spring rating book will be at a one o'clock.
I'm Thursday, the 24th.
And it'll be, and the pressure's on.
And you're a Scott.
I don't want to put too much pressure on you.
But the ballpark's all in the, you're asked now, man.
Right.
The ball, you wait for the hourlings.
I understand that.
But at least in the beginning, for example,
if there's a spike up in the morning,
we're going to know what that's all about.
It's sure ain't going to be the mole-miser.
Absolutely.
And if we have a spike back in the mid-day,
it's going to be because of the fact
that we're back following with a real lead in
and also back intended to where the show belongs.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
The sweet spine.
So June, because, you know, very honestly,
April and May were mediocre for the whole radio station.
I don't want to mention any particular time spots.
But there's certain day parts that could use help.
I'm listening.
Okay, just calm down.
Put it back in your pants.
Quit scratching your throat.
Talk about a dirty old man.
This is the guy when he first came in.
You remember how, uh,
oh, we were filthy and disgusting
and everybody else's was a disgusting place in Yadi-adi-adi-adi.
I got scrotumics.
And yeah, that's what he's talking about on Friday with Ferrell.
I got scrotumics.
Scratching his nuts.
All the way, at least now, we got him to admit it.
That he's running around in front of everybody,
picking dingled berries out of his butt
and scratching his nuts.
Classy guy, Mo, all the way.
Got some very bad news for the audience.
Very bad news.
Beginning next week,
longtime South Florida radio personality Greg Budell
will become morning host of the Crystal Radio Group's
Adult Standards WGNA.
He and Newsman Dave McBride will be heard
week day morning,
6-10 A.M. and Miami and West Palm Beach.
He's taken a spot that the Rinerie had
and of course, my past away
and they had Mo and Sally filling in.
Who?
Mo and Sam.
Oh my, you know something I never even done on here.
Ha ha ha.
Mo and Sally.
And they thought one Mo in the morning is enough in the market.
Okay, so they had to get rid of Mo.
You Mo?
No.
Mo and Sally did great job filling in,
but unfortunately other,
we wish them well.
They said in the out.
Budell was most recently at Light AC,
WLY at Miami's morning show.
Playing slush music.
He arrived at says here in South Florida in 1979.
Like a bad penny, he keeps going away and showing up again.
He keeps going away.
Threading is never going to come back.
And by the way, Greg Budell,
everybody hates you.
I just want to remind you,
I don't want you to feel bad to get paranoid again.
Greg hates you.
Even our Greg, Greg Reed hates Greg Budell.
So we wish y'all luck at a world, Greg,
but don't stick around too long.
A rumor was that he might be auditioning for Country Kitchen
to get in the Hollywood as a candy waiter.
As the singing waiter at the Country Kitchen.
In fact, my mother slept over there with my aunt
and John a couple weekends ago
and said the one thing they missed was Greg Budell
as the singing waiter at the Country Kitchen
on Sterling Road in Hollywood.
Come on, Greg.
Everybody has his calling.
1013 at 560 WQM on a beautiful Tuesday,
man, it's just phenomenal.
I don't really think I'm going to take that call in Naples
due to it's online six.
How did I know that?
Huh? Right off the van.
You know, for years I've been talking about the health benefits of
olio-med because the stuff really works
and that's why I take it every day.
Not just ordinary olive oil,
but it's super concentrated,
literally with all kinds of good stuff for you.
Olio-med in your pus everyday
can up reduce the risk of heart disease,
high cholesterol.
And there are 14 different olio-med formulas
you can choose from each one combining.
The best, the purest olive oil that you ever smelled
in your mouth with all kinds of good stuff for you.
That's right vitamins, minerals,
herbals to support specific health needs.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for what you need.
Now there are three new formulas.
One to help you sleep,
one to help you control that weight
and co-cute 10 for your heart too.
Pick up some olio-med while you're out
shluppin' and shopping around
but they had publics,
records,
Walgreens,
Whole Food Markets,
Navarro's and Sadanos
or order it online at olio-medamerica.com.
If you want more info call them tool free at 1-866-olio-med
that's 1-866-6536633.
Pick up some olio-med that ain't for better health
start profiting in your pus right away.
Five and the local
May 6560.
The radio's on your
channel.
Kill you again.
No!
Neon God.
Clear candle once you've just shown your support.
In our rally for Pax America,
we'll be scheduled in one of your counts
So call your local career channel
on the corner and sign up now.
All 50 of you will be supplied
with our handheld Patreon signs of A
and will be invited to enjoy our
Texas style Christian barbecue
while flippin' off liberal centers.
The festivities will be kept off
with a community boat burning brown fire.
All you have to remember is
March-powered in Mox-Dan
and don't go here-eye.
Hey, what?
You'll blink your eyes.
Be the patriot.
Not a little bit of a dark leader.
The talented film Henry was once one of them.
So we took him downstairs to the quiet room.
We were aware that you're a nice guy, Mr. Henry.
Heck, I was a nice guy myself,
what a kid.
Oh, I had my share of liberal views in the past.
And I found out, Mr. Henry,
that a world is a school of business.
Are you sure there is no need for free thought
or creativity?
Yeah, but let me say something for some reason.
There is only a need for clear channel,
general electric,
Alabama,
Bertrand,
Vectel,
Amaco,
Chevron,
and Shell.
From their own, Mr. Henry.
Yeah.
You will make all your perverted
caracters liberally centers.
Okay, because Mr. Henry,
you're on radio, dummy.
All right, all right.
I'm listening.
1018 at 560 WQM, happy Tuesday too.
Okay, we got two polls today.
That's the poll one is already up there.
Okay?
And I'll take you something else.
It's already up there and that is this.
That and that and these is and them is our hot couples contest.
We screwed up or you guys screwed up yesterday badly.
But I also screwed up a little bit because I was
concerning with you on the ear in and out throughout the show yesterday.
And I also forgot yesterday we were supposed to have the pictures of the
fourth and final hot couples contest up there for you to vote.
And we screwed up bad and you be an aboy.
Who says there was Eric that done it?
Right, nobody said.
Yeah, it doesn't make any difference.
It's a middle of the summer.
We don't really care.
So what we'll do is we'll just extend the voting for a week and we'll do it next
Tuesday. We'll declare the winner.
Right.
Don't you think that's sure?
What?
Well, I mean, because we're advertising that we're going to have a full week for
people to vote on and there's plenty of votes.
So there's over 100 votes on there already, which we'll get to that momentarily.
And the first prize winner in our hot couples contest.
This is the last one for the present, whatever.
Get the either of three date.
I beg your pardon?
For the time being.
For right now.
Till we are gets more crap to give away.
Three day two nights stay for two with the royal oasis resort in casino in the
Bahamas.
That would include round trip air for a liquor air or
or if you prefer three eye two days stay for two and heed nism two or three in Jamaica.
And this one includes a transfer of food drinks,
gratuitous entertainment but no air for you pick whichever one you want if you
the winner.
And then the second place the runner up couple gets whichever prize you didn't pick.
And third place gets dinner for two with the prestigious pizza lot for free.
Unlike some people that pay only 50 percent but for free.
So we got a good response.
We got 18 couples.
On this fourth and final one which is spectacular by far and away the biggest
response.
Right.
It's a pretty good it's a pretty good battle I would say.
We were dubious too at the beginning of this one.
But it means we get any starting on the on the
on the very slow starting moments and we got a real good battle Maggie and Tom
who got a lovely breast there.
Maggie and Tom 32.
And Aaron and Brandon 28.
How do you like that for horse race right off the bat?
Now Alexa and Mandy that doesn't.
Natalie and Adrian.
I got nine.
Rich and Cheryl who were in once before and didn't do 12 but they got seven.
I said there are to a better start.
Brett and Daniel for.
Then I'm then what did I say Danielle?
What I'm a show and Rick who seems a little bit tied up at the moment.
He's got they've got three.
What is that?
Yeah, that and Peter.
Am I saying that right?
I don't know.
Everything is loading really slowly here in the building today.
That's right.
So we can't.
Adrian and David too.
I don't need you to.
I'm just asking about the names Brittany and Greg have got a period.
It's not Greg Bidel.
Rick hell and Donovan have got a pair.
Although we can't see him.
I lean in Ben have also got a pair of votes so far.
This is just the earlier going people discovered that this was on there.
Marine and Bill have got two.
Laurie and Mike have got one.
This is going to be a job.
You know Kimberly and Bob have got one.
You've had an Nelson have got one.
Marie and Michael don't have any yet and Doris and Kevin don't have
I don't really love them votes already.
Other people just discovered there was on there.
Now as I go back to my page and I see they see what I've done to myself.
No, what?
Well no, now we're slowed down badly because everybody's taken
once to see the pictures including the breasts.
They want to see who's breath by.
Oh now it's see I do this myself all the time.
Damn it.
Okay, here's pull number one.
Which it wasn't up there yet anyway.
Last time I checked there it is.
And says the pull is down.
What's Eric's problem up there?
Is he having a little bit of a problem getting this and getting it up this morning?
Is that it?
Or maybe he died.
Here's pull number one.
Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the O'Rodgers?
See now he's supposed to put like I've sent either underlying or to put it in big lane.
It's not a really great job.
It may be my fault although I think I underlined it right here in the front of me.
Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the O'Rodgers?
Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
Mohawar Davidid.
Absolutely.
Joy Reynolds, Miss Madrudge, Steve Kane or chronic caller Dennis.
Those are my choices.
I thought that's a pretty good list of six don't you?
I may let somebody off of there.
My vote's on there.
And you voted for Moe?
No you voted for Joey?
No I voted for Mr. Egan.
Oh because I see there's three votes on there already and the pull isn't up yet.
Let's go Eric.
Let's get rid of it because we're at another pull that knew that we're going to be building
during the show today.
Another movie related pull.
Oh not movies again.
Here's Hillary the Hillary book.
Over here.
We get a thing.
Sorry.
Listen I got a hurry because we're only on till one o'clock
because one to two we got our summertime one to two hours which you didn't take full advantage of
yesterday's month.
All right.
Well I think that's a good idea.
That's an excellent idea.
Let me tell you from a selfish standpoint not just cop it out on the last hour but also
since I'm not going to be doing Wednesdays till the end of August.
When and how am I going to be able to play all this good stuff that I've been working
feverishly to put in my computer here.
That's right.
All this good lost treasure.
That's a two technical talk on the air but this lost booty.
People have been commenting as your microphone overhead hotter than normal today
because the echo is hotter than normal today.
Who me?
Yeah.
We've tweaked everything on this end that we can.
So that only leaves you.
So what does that mean?
How about you?
You look a little bit better.
Okay a little bit better.
There shouldn't be any echo.
I can't actually.
I know there's only a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Right.
There you go.
That's better.
Is that a little bit better?
Yeah.
Much thanks.
Okay well it's just one of them things.
Okay here's the Hillary book.
What do you mean people have been talking?
What does that mean?
Old like during the crossover with for all of people poking their head in the like.
Hey is there an echo?
Yeah we hear it but you know.
Hey get the hell out of our lives.
Okay don't be poking it in our studio.
Okay and you're head either.
Get out of our face.
There are how when I'm talking about technical crap.
I got a better studio here than you.
That you're sitting in right now down there and at the high paid radio station.
You're going to be a brave jealous.
So page three we're almost finished with page three of the
million plus selling living history.
Hillary Rodham Clinton it's a long paragraph too.
When she graduated from high school my mother made plans to go to college in
California but Della contacted her for the first time in 10 years
and asked her to come to live with her in Chicago.
Della had recently remarried and promised my mother that she and her new husband
would pay for education there.
When my mother arrived in Chicago however she found that Della
wanted her only as a housekeeper and that she would get no financial help for college.
Heart sick she moved into a small apartment and found an office job paying $13
for a five and a half day week.
Once I asked my mother why she went back to Chicago I had hoped so hard that my mother would love me
that I had to take the chance and fight out she told me when she didn't I had nowhere else to go.
Oh sad.
I didn't hear a word of it.
Why not?
You're talking about your school.
My brain just tunes it out.
Okay.
Well you're getting you're missing a golden opportunity you're saving like 30 bucks
and you don't have to go out there and add to the million books that he's already sold and
God only knows why.
Well look at how slow this thing is reloading because they're all like checking the hot
couples out there.
Well that's okay that's good that's a good sign.
That affects Eric too like when it comes to putting up the poll and stuff.
How about your pardon?
That affects that that affects Eric too when he's putting up the poll.
But I don't be making excuses for him otherwise I'll have to tell him the horrible things you
said about him before the show this morning.
Out of that.
God don't be making excuses on the air yeah even for all there was surprise me this morning
he was in a hurry he had to go to the DMV or whatever but you know come on get serious.
The other people in that building that's one of the reasons this show is so highly
listened to is because this is the one show where we don't pull any punches okay we don't
beat around a bush we don't stick up for losers for assholes any stuff like that we just
tell it like it is.
Except for River we don't talk about him.
The hell we don't.
The only reason I don't talk about it is because it always encourages him to call me.
In fact I'll tell you next time I get a call from Remember or his wife bitching about what
you said about them on here I'm going to give him your home number how do you like that.
No they can call you and bitch your ass.
Fine I don't answer that phone.
Okay the who who is most jealous of and or obsessed with Neil Rogers Mo Howard David and
three chronic collar Dennis two there's only eight votes on there so far and maybe because
they're having a difficult time getting on a damn thing like like I'm it's almost impossible.
Everybody wants to see those big smiles on the faces of our contestants.
You see Rush Limbaugh is going to be doing football now?
No sad pathetic see one of the things that they'll discover I don't think it'll take
too long the same thing happened with Dennis Miller although Dennis Miller was just boring
I mean terminally boring but even more so would Limbaugh is that he's a big pop is right wing
asshole and we put somebody who's politically oriented on something that's supposed to be an
entertainer sports entertainment thing you're already alienating tons of people.
So anyway ESPN has hired Rush for an analyst job of Mudden at football
and on the assignment what is this I don't know I'm sorry that he missed out on the last year
the second paragraph's words that boy this is in the heraldis a piece of crap article
which you'd figure. Oh it's by Barry Jackass no wonder. Looking to spice up a show that lost
its marquee member Bill Parcelt to the Dallas Cowboys ESPN is hired Limbaugh as a weekly commentator
on the Sunday NFL countdown pregame show. This is not a publicity stunt Limbaugh who they've
used September 4th set on the conference call reporters I'm doing it because I love football
I'm looking forward to it. Mudden at football was a genuine pursuit didn't work outside
was going to ESPN in hillock ratings down on it the pregame show because people who hate him
like poison which is a lot of people most people would have brain they're not going to watch it
they'll watch somebody else's pregame show. How do you like that eh? No wait hello what's the
guy? No and I watch box I watch box for sports but now without asshole on there piece of crap
first of all it's not on Fox's ESPN which is ABC but anyway. Here's plantation hello.
Hi Neil. Yes sir. For your poll and two questions. Yes okay um how about the reverend
uh Jones? How about him is this him? For your poll. Is this him that call it the same thing?
Okay there's another comment. Okay and I want to ask you what Randy Rose numbers were.
Randy Rose numbers were in what? I'm the Neil straightings or the other terms.
I have no idea. First of all the books haven't come out yet and secondly we never get to
Palm Beach number so I have she doesn't show up and they didn't row.
One more question we'll click. What was that movie? I don't know the analyst but you're talking about
it about what they made this black guy they put his head on a curb made him open his mouth and
keep your head in it. Oh anyway like I said American history acts. Well you were actually there
was actually such a movie? Sure. I'd know it in good movie. Oh gripping chilling. I didn't see
that I want to know about it. Twenty votes on a poll so far they're all busy with the pictures.
Moe Howard, David at nine, Chrono Collar, Dennis Four, Miss Madfrog's three, Steve came to
Joy Reynolds one and Phil Henry. Are you? Is only one so far. Now here's the poll we're going to be
doing starting at noon. I have the feeling that like I'm on third base and arrest some of the other
participating members in a cast like Eric are like halfway down the first baseline. That's okay
is under a lot of stress you know what those pictures. Canadians vote bush least like president.
How do you like that? All right. US president George W. Bush is the most unpopular American president
and recent memory among Canadians with more than 60% saying that they have an unfavorable opinion of
McCorn to a new pool by ever whatever it is in a vieronics research group limited. Relations
between Mr. Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Jean Quirchin have been strained over the western
and assumed to invade Iraq but among other issues most Canadians blame the American president
for worsening climate, etc. and so on. Let's see what are the numbers. Those surveyed 62% said they
had an unfavorable opinion of Mr. Bush including 37% who said it was very unfavorable in 1991.
About two thirds of Canadians said they had a favorable opinion of Mr. Bush's father George Bush
Herbert Walker etc. and so on. How do you like that? Despite a rising tide of anti-Americanism
around the world, Canadians storming fond of their southern neighbor although not in duly so.
About 61% said they had a favorable view of this US but that 42% said they were some
unfavorable and 19 only very favorable. Not so great no more. Largely thanks to a W.
Kiss and Off the Whole World. Here's the pool we're going to be building and the audience can help us
with. What is the most memorable movie scene of all time? We've never done this here until that.
And I'm way past the break. How'd you let me get so far past the break? I got distracted.
Rambling and rambling. I'm getting distracted. I just remember in a rush we're like
current like crazy because we got to get to one o'clock. We're rushing for one baby. Oh God.
Who is most jealous of and are obsessed with neo-rogers? Mohawar david 22.
Miss drudge 10. Chronic collar Dennis 8. Steve Kane 6. Joy Reddells 4. And Phil Henry's
only got a pair. Okay. Let me tell you if you want a good pair go to Brandy shoes in
Pompato Beach. I think we got a new tag coming through but I don't have it. So in other words
I'm going to continue the one from last week just in case it's probably wrong. I just want to
caution you want it but talk to our friends at Brandy's and tell them if it's not right information
Trace Drapford is to blame for it. Anyway Brandy's one thing you'll go right on is the brand names
man they got the Top ones in the world they got Rockports Echoes Mephisto Timberland Clarks SES
Floresham all the brands you know and your feet love and they got the size you need they got
men size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow teeny tiny to the very big fat
and wide and with over 40,000 peregrine shoes in their gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store you can
bet Phil Henry's life on it to exactly what you're looking for is in stock right now. Brandy
shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway Pompato Beach open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and maybe or
maybe not it's a great time to buy SES shoes all this week at Brandy's all men's and women's
great styles 20% off and more or maybe there's some other special deal going on because they have
one every week coming or find out on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com
we're sports video 516 to 8am
it's day 1 of Miami Town earth at 560 WQ AM
yeah
okay
Who it is, but women down a little kid
We've got to bump that oil right on their head
Because war is good for business
I'm not group, war is good for business
A global crossing to war is good for business
I'm friends of three
War is good for business, women of SMBC
Who's this?
We're going to get to the end
Point the camera over here
Look at the woman
What the f**k here's a people glad to see us
Never read our act
Only this machine knows
What the camera doesn't show
All the rifles we got pointed at their back
Our dog or can't us work in fine
That's the goose that been in line
No more odds, no more anything we say
And those who chew to follow
That will be rewarded in time
With secret prizes at the bulk of pay
They'll say that war is good for business
Only well, war is good for business
And Ron and Beck tell
War is good for business
She is right, war is good for business
And they should fix the life, you're stressed
10.307 at 5.60 W.D.C.M. So it might mayo for a parting gift
How about common sense
This is a commonly wrote a couple of days ago
On Monday's a matter of fact or on Sunday
Did you see this?
No
Why not? Don't you read Michael Mayo column religiously?
No
Neither do I
In fact, I just fell into this by accident
Because I got mentioned in it
For a parting gift, he's talking about what people give
A parting gift when you walk away from your company
Whether you get after so many years, etc.
You know what's going to happen when I retire?
He says, well, here's some of the ones he gets for a heat center
Alonzo morning who really is leaving a cure
For Governor Jeff Bush and a plumb with a really bad doctor
And no way for him to sue for radio host Steve Kane sensitivity training
For radio host neo-rodgers all the fish food, ice cream
And Tim Horton's donuts he can eat
For Ankerman Rick Sanchez, no way he's coming back
It's a reference to Anakir, for eight Wayne High Pingu
Season tickets to the Marlins, etc.
Thanks for the mention Mike May, who's obsessed with his show
Too bad you're not back on the sports pages
That's where you belong, because your other columns really suck
But you're a good guy, we like you a lot, your columns are suck
It's really sad, there's nothing to read
Neither one of the South Florida papers, it's very tragic
I know that's why I got it
Embarrassing
Anyway, here's the poll that we're going to be working on
Starting at noon, we'll take this other one down at noon
But we can build this one in the meantime
You know what I mean?
I build it up buttercup
What is the most memorable movie scene of all time?
And I got a list of four that I started with
Michael Killsalutsu and Mikloski and a Godfather
The feel was good though
Ned Vady gets raped at it in deliverance
Yeah, that left an impression
Yeah, that left an indelible mark on his life
Frogs fall from the sky in Magnolia
And the characters all sing wise up in Magnolia
Which is, I mean, that scene
I mean, let's say I saw the movie of course
Ah, right
Isn't that great that I have all this stuff like in my fingertips now?
It's beautiful, like a radio show
Yeah
I made a list of characters that's with an S
But I'm sure that Eric will correct my mistake because he's perfect
A perfect idiot
I know you don't like the movie that much but at least you like Amy Man
I did
So there's two scenes from a Magnolia, what is the most?
And I understand this is a little bit difficult but think about it
No, it's difficult to choose only one because I got two
Well, I don't want the 10 best scenes from the 80 best movie
Now that's how we've done all those, what is the most memorable movie scene of all time that really sticks in your mind?
I guess I got two, you want me to pick just one?
Pick one, Schmock, don't be saying a bad example for this audience
This is if they need your direction
Right, this is going to be corny but I think it's very memorable and I think he got that getting the place
Darth Vader cutting Luke's hand off
And the Empire Strikes Back
Darth Vader cuts Luke's hand off
Well, this is going to take time, that's good
That's a good idea
Well, it's a summertime, you know expect me to like this city or pretend I do a show from the Empire Strikes Back
Yeah
We can't say Empire because it's a beta, it's a sports station, the Empire Strikes Back
Only a joke Eric, don't be putting no Empire on there
He's level to do anything, you know
I have to look at what I wrote down, I wrote the Empire Strikes Out
So that's our list, we've got so far 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what's Peter Boyga, you got a suggestion?
No, I chose a pretty good one
I'm going to try to negotiate our website
You try to like, oh I see, the thing is slow over there, they're not working like lightning
Everything's great
He's emailing these two to Eric so, you know just bear with us
Isn't that a shame that the equipment of QM again is on the really slow and screwed upside
It could be not their fault, it could be not whose fault?
QM's fault
Are you going to start again with I would have known that I'm not going to be in the...
No, it's so freaking boring 1041 at QAM
I am lost, this is sports when you're fighting QAM
Just tell me what your problem is
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all
Side effects
Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect
Side effects
Isn't it time you experienced side effects?
May cause loss of blood, loss of hearing, loss of virginity, vertigo, impotigo, impotence and prison
And shrinkage of the genitals, enlargement of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool,
loose tools, barstools, toes, tools, huge prehistoric bats, swooping out of the sky, eating your dog
Calatosis, honeyberry, berryberry, berrymanalo, recto-bleeding, rectal numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death
Side effects is perfect for everyone
Not intended for women who are pregnant women who are men, men who are pregnant children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant
The elderly, the young, titty cats, Steve Perry, tadpoles, tadpoles who are pregnant and pregnant pauses, indisclaimers like these
Ask your doctoropharmusist about side effects and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulate growth under your left arm pit
Side effects
1046-560-WDQM, look who's in last place on our poll so far
I am that hemorrhoid, Joey, I thought he'd done better than that, he's only got five votes out of 129
Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with near Rogers? Moe Howard-Davidid, 59
I want to give you a kiss
Absolutely
A chronic collar dentist 24, mis-drudge, mat-drudge 20 for her, Steve came 14, Phil hundred and seven, and Joey Reynolds only has five
Suck and win, in last place just like when he was in when a book would come out
What is the most memorable movie scene of all time we're asking today? Michael Kelsalutsu and McCloskey and Agatha
Father Ned Bitty gets raped and deliverance, frogs from the scum Magnolia, characters all sing wise up in Magnolia
That's seen to me, I mean I factored vote 100 times I do it
And Darth Vader cuts Luke's hand off and the empires strikes back
Here's a call from Pompato, hello
Come on Neil
Yes sir
Neil, I was, I love your hot couple of contests
Yes
And I was listening today, obviously going over the prizes that you give away
And something occurred to me
Yes
How many times has Rimmer submitted a photo of him and his wife for that free dinner at
See what you want me to do is say
I'm going to play that, but the answer is
Oh, no, huh?
No
Why was time to jico last night?
The early poll
Oh, that's a good idea, time jico would be good
Yeah, I couldn't get in early enough
No, we can stick it on there
All right, thanks Neil
Have a great day, Palli
We want to get jico on it, I do hear a echo, I think it's on your end, obviously
And we're sitting here, it's
We turned everything down to zero over here, it's your overhead is up hot, we think
No, no, it's not
All right, my overhead is that, but I can turn it down, is that better?
Yeah
Does that make your life a little bit better?
It's always in the same place, so it's something on your end
Is there any question about it?
Absolutely
Not
Anyway, I don't out of here, I can stick it wherever the hell you want, you know what I mean?
No
138 votes
Mohawar david at 65
I'll tell you, I'm all day, I hate you, man
And those handful of people won, I heard that one
I come in here at 7.15 this morning like I do every day
To just to turn this stuff on, before I go shave and shower and whatever else begins with SH, I do my three SHs
And what are they talking about? It's one, and he's got one on, I mean for an interminable period of time
And one's talking about how I'm guilty filled in for a hankiest today
That all the people were calling in there going on about, oh Steve, it's so great here in here without that old man in the morning
Really drags you down on the other show and you're doing so great, and yada yada
And then Moh goes into this long drawn out thing about, well, you know, Goldie and I were here to cover each other's back
And I kind of say, I watch out for him and he watches out for me
And if I had to do monomon to show he wouldn't be there in the first place
Which I thought that last line there that spoke volumes, you know, if he did monomon to show he wouldn't be there
What does that mean?
It means that the girl he would have sucked his ass, that's all
That's exactly what that means
If you don't suck his ass and it's a muskrat, you're off that show
Just as the beast in Carolyn and the host of others, the other guy, and Zach, who still has me?
Zach still wears that them inflatable thing, that's why he looks so fat
He only weighs about 130
Zach, but since Moh came into building he wears that big gigantic inflatable bulletproof vest
Watch your back, Zach, anyway, now how'd you get me started on Mo again?
Oh, it was easy
Mad Dog 2 to 4 this afternoon, the Humper is back for a brief appearance
In fact, Hank is on 4 to 7 today, tomorrow and Thursday
Three days in a row, some really heavy duty tough work
Although I noticed on a Friday we got Eddie K back in the afternoon again
So Hank is like anybody with brain taking most of the summer off
Nice going Humper
Then we got the big O at 7 o'clock tonight
But only for an hour thank goodness because then we got the All-Star game from cellular field in Chicago
Eddie K follows the All-Star game from midnight till 2am and then Joel Mark overnight
2 to 5am and followed by the crusty old man
Absolutely
And by the way, crusty old man, it's no sweat off my ass or in my ass or up your ass one way or the other
Whether you're going to be with a QM for a long time or short time, we don't care
Right, we have our leading
Now that we have a good leading and a good friend and a nice separation there for the two hours
We don't really give a crap, I could care less because I'm not obsessed with you like you're obsessed with me
Believe me when I tell you
But anyway, he won't believe because he thinks the whole world of full crap like he is
Most about 71 votes nobody's going to touch him and who to hell would, especially picking on them dingleberries
152 votes whose most jealous of it or obsessed with the O Rogers, Mohawar David at 71
Chronocard Dennis 26, Miss Matt Drudge 25, she's obsessed
Steve Cain's 16, Phil Henry 8
I enjoy Reynolds only got six
That's probably because most people don't even remember who that one is, you know, that was a long time ago
And far away thank goodness, here's for Lauderdale, hello
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir
Listen, I think we got the poll a little mixed up though, it came to me that you're obsessed with great people like Drudge and Limbo
Who are nationally infinticated you
Yeah, I'm obsessed with that, I mean, okay, thank you very much, they're right in the middle
They're syndicated and like you're scintillating
You fat bastard, oh thank God, Roch Limbo ain't fat
Oh man, I got news for you, I might not win a dollar contest but the beauty contest is grotesque as I am
Man, he makes me look like Grand Pitt
5670560, see this again, what is this man doing listening to this show? What is he listening here?
He's obsessed with me just like the poll today, maybe you ought to put you under a two asshole
But is this guy got a name?
Oh, Schmuck
Traject, 56705, we're not getting too many renders for a second poll, got some fatties about that coming out
But have a good time, okay, whatever, here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
I got two scenes for you
How about one?
Yeah, one
Godfather, horses head and one foot
Excellent one, good choice
All right, have a good day
You two, thank you, Pally
Horses head, in bed with Jack
Horses head and bed with Jack
That would cost my head like a lot of others but I'll let from the Godfather
Okay, well let's take a little time to write these down today
And I do have to write them down because this is life for later on
Right, and I can't trust you guys to be right in the middle of the night
Oh, don't do that
You got all your issues there now
What do you mean by that?
We have our issues over here
Well, what does that mean?
Everything is low
Like a red mouth, just getting up to Eric
Well, that's another story
Okay, how's that couple of contests going so far?
It looks like we're...
See, the one thing about this, not only do we have more contestants than we ever had before
By far, we got 18 contestants
But also, I think we got, generally speaking, a pretty good bunch
I'm not saying that everybody under is like beautiful but you know what I mean?
It's a nice group
It's a good group
And there's nobody that like stands way, way out above like that first one with Aaron and Amy
I mean, come on
Right, exactly. That's what I'm thinking
Maggie and Tom 76 votes standing way ahead of the pack
Aaron and Brandon got 66
Did I say way ahead of the pack? They're only like 10 votes up
It's not bad, huh? We got a horse race going on, like I said
Then it's way back, Alexa and Mandy got 19
They're in third right now
We'll see them at the pizza lot, looks like
But maybe Rich and Cheryl got 15
Is they keep trying and more power to them
Natalie and Adrian got nine
Brett and Dan Yelligot seven
I knew they'd move up a little bit, nothing wrong with them
Brittany and Greg are got six
Did I have to go down all 18 every time? No
No
Everybody else is like so far small potatoes
We got a whole week to go, next Tuesday morning to 10
We'll announce the winner
And like I said, next Thursday, a week from this Thursday, the 24th, the ratings
Not just another word, so they asked friends, but the spring book comes out
And then we'll see, and especially a few days after that
When it was hour by hour, like you said, when that coming, it comes available
Then we'll see exactly who's doing what to whom
That'll be the day
That will be the day
In fact, Buddy Holly's going to make a comeback to sing special live on a show
Just today, those numbers come out hour by hour
Then we'll see Mo who's doing it and who's not holding up their weight
Absolutely
You silly old cout
Here's NorthMini Beach, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Not one of the scenes ever?
Yes
And one, the beginning scene with a photo, humans are fighting
And the guy throws the bone up in the air and it turns into the spaceship going to the moon
Turn to the footprint
What movie is this?
2001
Can we prove that?
Oh, yeah
You know, he finds the photo, the beginning of the technology, he throws into the sky
And the next thing you see is the spaceship
Give that with bomb
Okay
Thanks, pal, and caveman throwing bone up
Caveman throw a...
Yeah, I'm going to let a beaner, a boner boy write these down, okay?
Caveman gets his bone up?
Yeah
What everyone, from a space odyssey with a great dialogue
Oh, we got some bad news here, NFL innovator Hank Schram dies at 83
Who died?
Oh, no, I mean, did I say Hank Schram?
I'm thinking of Hank Schram
The show-boding innovator who helped build the Dallas Cowboys into America's team and was instrumental in the NFL's evolution and popularity
died today, he was 83
He died?
His son-a-log read Court told the AP that the former Cowboys president general manager died at his Dallas home
The cause of death was not immediately owned, while he was 83, you know
Not everybody can live for 90, all of that is pretty old 90, you know what I'm saying, ma?
Pretty old
What?
Don't you think 90 is pretty old?
I'd take it right now
Let's see, here's one that says IA, it was a tough call, but I had a two that lines scum back misfudge
I know she doesn't miss a minute and is constantly squeezing and touching herself every time I make a reference to her
Oh, misfudge, misfudge!
Court, court
She should be the last to talk about hoaxes, what about all the hoaxes I see in the people's section of magazines and newspapers
Showing misfudge at a club or restaurant with a hot female date
Yeah, right, only the morons who swallow everything, the right wing tough show host believe that you're straight mad
It says stop worrying about what Neil says and whispering in a fuel's ear keep your mouth busy by sucking, oh I say
I'm not reading the rest of it
Oh I said
It said something there about black, which I can't say that on the york, okay?
And either can you?
You need the job
I believe
Let's see for the first poll the guy on line nine
Retired
Oh, that guy, I know
He doesn't mirror, he's too Johnny completely for that poll
That's probably important for himself
Yeah, it could be retired
I don't think so
For the second poll either how being dismantled in 2001 space Odyssey or
We already got a space Odyssey one so let's do this other one
We already got Michael shooting, we got that
When Taylor first speaks in the original plan to be if they have to be chased around the city by the guerrillas
You got that?
Oh, sorry, run one way
I didn't know I had two moa drops
What I called that
What are you doing there?
Wait a minute, I got that in here somewhere
Now we're going to start playing music for movies folks
Not on her
Oh, right
See I tried to think of a scene from Requiem for a dream that would fit this poll
I can't think of one
Just the end
The ending montage collage
No, no that's not a scene
Oh, I was thinking about alien or the thing
Alien or the thing
Somebody packs that
Or like it
Okay
Well, see we'll have a whole bunch on here, there's a lot of really good ones
But keep in mind the purpose, I mean which is the one scene that really just blows you away and you can't get out of your mind
That was one that was really good or was, you know, I had a lot of impact
That's not the point
I'm assuming that anybody would vote on this poll has seen a few movies in their time
About 30 men
At least the 5 or 10
And so I'm thinking that, you know, covers a lot of territory
There's got to be one in Kuukus nest
And I have to choose from two
The one where he's choking nurse rancher
I love that one
I just, I get goose bumps when I see that
Yeah
And also the one where he's sitting down there waiting for his shot treatment
I'm being honest to him
And he's sitting outside the room there with the chief
And the chief looks at him and has the pack come
Why chief, you slide son of a bitch
And that's just such a great scene, don't you agree?
Juicy fruit
Oh, I love it, there's lots of good scenes from that
That's why I had that drop in here but I can't find it now
To get your hands off me, you damn dirty ate
You talking bad to being a boy again?
Or was that duck came back in?
1058 at 560 WQA
And hey, let me tell you the 21st that's next Monday
The beast is going back in balance for like, we're gonna save his life whether he wants it or not
Well, he's on vacation this week, that's the obvious reason why he's waiting a week
So, he'll obviously have a big handicap over company
He can do it, he'll lost 60 pounds the first time
So whether you've got 10 or 30 or 50 or 100 or more pounds to lose
Balance for life could be the secret that you've been looking for for a long time
Because I know what it's like, believe you me, I've tried them all
The grapefruit diet, the stillman diet, the addkins diet
And if not, the other ones have helped you lose the weight and keep it off
Balance for life might be the answer for you
Because it's simple, it's easy, nothing complicated, nothing to figure out
Nothing to buy, no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, just great results
They deliver right to your door by 6am, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your little black sack
And believe you me, it'll be plentiful all day long and the food is delicious
You get to choose two alternatives for each meal every day to try on a program
They send you a little menu to fill out once a week
And those are the only choices that you have to make
And like I said, you'll be plentiful because there's lots of good filling food
And all of those containers every single day
Nothing pre-fat, no chemicals, no crap, just great delicious food
So if you're tired of being overweight, out of shape, lethargic, diabetic or on a verge of it
Let balance for life you the answer you've been searching for for a long time
Call them today at 9.54, 568.3229
That's 9.54, 568.3229
Or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com
Slide in local, out of here, sports radio, 566.0
And 6am
That's it, God
What's the problem officer? The floor from the vehicle
I've watched 11 bullets
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
The new law is an effect now, so click it or be shot
Officers don't like doing this, they are only following orders
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism
Terrorists act such as mouth noise
Purping and fighting could be annoying to others
So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
It's the law
We like saying that the law
The law
It's the law
Absolutely
1104-560 WQ, I'm happy Tuesday to you
So anyway, yes?
Tentious taking pause on the U.K. 38
I found it
Is right in McDonald's guys again?
He won't know more
Let's see, when the shark goes over the top of the back of the boat in jaws
I still replay that in my head today
How do we put that on there?
When the shark goes over the top of the back of the boat in jaws
From jaws
When you put it on there, how do you want it?
I'm too old to be writing all of this crap down
I'll leave it to you, young whippersnappers
I'm too old on the old man
He's not with the old man, I'm whipper
At least I used to be the old man
How come Moe because he's got his diabetes?
How come he's got to go for some special blood test?
All he's really doing is making up a story
So he can stiff-skot on his golf tournament
Just like he stiff-skot on his golf tournament
Just amazing, the crap that this guy pulls
At least one thing we discovered about for well
He's not going to cover up for the crap that Moe is pulling
You know what I'm saying?
If Moe is pulling it, we're going to hear about it
Like Dingo Buries out of his...
Oh, that's dumb
But Robert De Niro is Travis Bickle with his
You talking to me, monologue and the mirror and the taxi driver
Yeah, I put some stars around that
You talking to me?
I don't see anybody else here
We got that on there?
We got it
As Slim Pickens is major con writing the H-bum
Not with Stargit and Dr. Strange Love
One of the bits you play this morning
He used the audio from that scene
Yee-ha!
It says
What bits did I play that went?
Yee-ha!
But anyway, I guess it did
So there we go, we got a gigantic list building here for our second poll
It'll go up on our website at noon
What is the most memorable movie scene of all time?
I think that's an excellent poll if you ask me, but then I'm pretty deduced
Now the first poll we got going on there right now
With your better vote real fast
Move quickly
Like Mr. Ego used to say
If you would
Remember those days?
Oh yeah
He'd have one call on the board
And all the other lines would be open
And of course Mr.
I'm going to psych out the audience
Mr. Psycho-Analization
If you move quickly you can get in right now
As opposed to like me just being honest
Saying hey we're dying over here
We don't have no calls folks
You know what I've been doing for almost 30 years
Oh he's been a really
222 votes I like them
Remember that show Room 222 with Karen Valentine?
No
But no one Ryan does
Or was Katherine Ross in it
Oh come on!
Room 222?
Sorry
That was not that many years ago
About 30 men!
Who is the most jealous of?
And or obsessed with Nearoges' restaurant
And now we got 227
Mohauer David at 115
He's got more than 50% of your votes
50.6%
Absolutely
Wow
He- I'll tell you one thing about him
When we take a poll with him
It gets a response
And I guarantee he's hearing it and squeezed his bag right now
I'm listening
I'm sure
Chronic caller Dennis 43
He can be sure he's listening
Sick
Psycho without a life
Miss Mad Drudge 28
Come on Mad
Oh yeah what did the guy say about him and Rush?
About their famous, syndicated and simple 80
Simplicated
Russianly syndicated
Oh yeah he's a broadcast
Or Miss Fudge like my little dog was a brain surgeon
Who now you can?
Steve came 22
Phil Henry 10
Are you sure?
Uh huh
And Joy Reynolds still sucking when down their last with 8
I guess you just didn't leave the impact except for the guy with the eyes and the-
Billy- the kitty
Or whatever the guy was
He used to call it a Fonia speech impediment
Uh huh
Oh those,- that was the beginning of the end I told ya
How have we survived this long following Joy Reynolds
Inflicting his act on IOD
That was the beginning of the end of IOD
That was the struda it broke the camel's back
Which time they fired him twice
Oh the time they brought him back to and
I remember boy Gary comes into me and says
How much Earth how bad do you hate Joy Reynolds?
Like when I say
What does that suppose mean?
Well he might like to bring him back one week
And I said, I don't hate anybody.
Do whatever you want.
Don't get me involved in it.
Man, if they just leave me the hell out of it,
just like with Moe, okay?
Oh, near Rogers is the pipe smoker.
He's very upset that Jiz-Guzler, because I sent him,
first of all, they extended your contract.
Number one, I really don't care.
But number two, the circumstances of it
are going to come up.
I believe you meet Thursday for Rellenye.
I'm going to discuss that at length.
And number three, how come if it's such a big deal
and you're such a big maker in a market
and maker in Shaker and Mover,
how come it's not in Burjac, Assis, Colombia,
how come Jizarni hasn't written about it yet, huh?
Wouldn't you think that somebody will put that
in the newspaper unless, of course,
were embarrassed about it and the circumstances surrounding it?
Wouldn't you think, like Greg hasn't made the call?
Oh, I got a great line for that, but I won't say it.
Speaking of strange people being on air,
talk to your host, Yurrey Springer files for a sentence race.
Do you see this?
Yes, I have.
Isn't that sand?
Whatever.
What do you mean, whatever?
Well, he was started out in politics, didn't he?
Oh, I know that.
Yeah, he was the mayor since then.
Where he was something like the ass he was.
Paying a whore with a check.
That's from him.
Officially filed papers yesterday to run for the US Senate
from Ohio.
Like I said, I'm all for Jerry.
Jerry, Jerry, I'm all for him.
The Senate clerk received a statement
of candidacy and organization for the Jerry Springer
for US Senate Committee yesterday.
I have to know the court in a way.
She spoke to him at the clerk's office.
Documents were sent by a certified mayor last week.
The former mayor since then,
he will make a final decision
on whether to run for the Democratic nomination
by the end of the month.
State Senator Eric Fingerhut has already announced his candidacy
for the party's nod in the right to challenge.
First term Senator George Boynovich,
who served as governor of Ohio from 91 to 99 out of it.
Jerry Springer's run, baby.
What's your course if that's the case?
That's gonna be the end of his TV show.
You don't understand that.
Yeah, but there's more money in politics.
Right.
And just coincidentally,
crack down on nudity in Daytona Club's plan.
Do you see this story?
No.
Couple of days ago.
And I just figured that, you know,
it's worth mentioning because as everybody knows
with the kind of repressive society
America has become.
That would be America's fucking way.
Armed with the recent federal judges ordered
Daytona Beach officials plan to please crack down
on nudity in adult like clubs.
As a matter of fact, speaking of repression,
at the same time that we got like gay marriages here in Canada,
then we also have the criminalization of marijuana
in the wind, so to speak.
You can smell it.
And also they're organizing now.
They're assigning various places where they can grow
medical marijuana legally.
And at the same time that that's going on,
Bush is now saying South of the border is in that any doctors
who write prescriptions for medical marijuana
will have their licenses be vote.
He's introduced some legislation to get that passed.
So you see the contrast.
You see the difference between the societies
we're talking about as enlightenment and in the stone age.
In a ruling last Thursday,
US district judge John Antoon refused to request
by La Lollipop's gentlemen club in Daytona
to stop enforcement of two nudity ordinances,
one that bans nudity in businesses that sell booze,
and another that prohibits public nudity.
This is one more battle one on the way to cleaning up
the sleaze in our city,
said commissioner, Darly Njordin.
Now, I wonder if she's talking about the sleaze on your knees.
The city had not been enforcing the ordinance
while the judges' opinion was pending.
Errant's in a four-lettered electronic representing La Lollipop
said arrest could be costly to the city
because officials from the club
could still seek a permanent injunction or go to trial.
If they begin enforcement and we were victorious
as we intend to be,
he said they're gonna owe a lot of money and damages
from people who feel their constitutional rights
were violated.
Both sides are looking forward to ruling
in another case,
challenge in the ordinance brought by two other clubs.
Molly's Browns, two and the pink pony are challenging
the city's adult zoning rules and federal court,
and those cases expected will trial in June next year.
So the same crap goes on,
gotta shut down those teddy bars
and God forbid we should have nudity
or places where adult entertainment goes on stuff like that
for adults because we have to treat the public
or click a bunch of children and sex is evil
and nudity is bad and the body is filthy
and disgusting, et cetera, and so on.
Also, when you got it down and brush will be on it known.
Fred, who is getting all whipped up and we're frenzy.
From minutes past 11 at 5'60,
our pressure pack Tuesday here,
maybe can you feel it?
I can smell it.
How low can it was interest rate score?
I bet you're probably wondering that only moments ago,
weren't you?
Now the financial group does the limbo rock
under the lowest three financing rate.
How does 1.95% sound pretty amazing?
It's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home
and get you super low 1.95% financing
with our friends at financial group.
Call them toll free, 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
If you even think about refinancing a buying real estate,
you ought to be talking to these folks right now,
a financial group, 1-800-940-Lend.
Talk about savings if you're,
if you have 100,000 out of loan,
your payments are only 368 bucks a month.
If you have a 200,000 out of loan,
you pay only 736 a month.
So call financial group today, 1-800-940-Lend
and get yourself the low amazing rate
that you've been looking for for a long time, 1.95%.
Interest rates are at all time low,
so don't wait, call them and get that rate, 1.95% from financial group,
1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-Lend.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly,
5.19 APR.
High by the law.
This is 420-565.
You can't wait.
You can't go f**k yourself.
You grew up with them both,
and now antler records proudly presents
the greatest hits of Simon and Bullwinkle.
We heard you, Carn,
for this bad enough,
Natasha,
you're his only without you.
Yes, Simon and Bullwinkle.
Woo-woo-woo-woo!
Recorded live in Central Park and Frostbite Falls,
the music of Paul Simon,
the lyrics of Mr. Noah Hall.
Fine singing your different,
your station,
but I got the more than innovation,
you know,
you'd mention it all.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits,
I am a moose!
I am a man!
Bullwinkle, yes, it is Paul,
but it's not art.
And rock steals the fame,
because moose is never fly.
Unfortunately, Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits!
A manable, Mr. P-Body's records and dates.
Absolutely.
1117 at 560 W.F.M.
I see there's just one of these zillions of lost treasure bits that I found.
On that best stuff?
No, it was not just on the best stuff.
I've been digging through 8 million this year.
I think I'm just taking a couple of this,
I've got like 350 bits in here, mister.
Most of which we haven't played in a coon's age.
Like that.
Once the last time you played that, how many years ago?
30 minutes!
Now here's one.
I think that it's the psychic powers of the audience.
They're trying to give me to play all this stuff.
Here's one that says,
from Lisa in Miami,
How about it?
How could I have forgotten this myself being such a big fan of the movie network?
Howard Beal, right?
I'm in the middle of hell!
I don't think there's any more!
Now how do we put that down?
Yeah, I don't know.
No, no, because that goes on several times during the movie.
Howard Beal's rant from network.
Okay.
Very good.
Like I said, but that's good enough.
Because otherwise it'll get complicated.
Trish says, most memorable scene in the movie,
sounds to the lambs,
he's asking her to rub the lotion on her body
and then to put the lotion in the basket.
Howard, place the spit lotion in the basket.
She tries to talk to him,
but he screams at her to put the
effing lotion in the basket.
Great scene.
What the f***ing noise you're in the back!
There you go.
I guess I locked out again, huh?
That's good.
I think we've opened up a real panda
or his box here, you know what?
Oh, speaking of that,
Jackson's, how about Sharon Stone's
beaver shot and base against it?
Got that down?
Ola?
Yes.
You got that down?
Sorry, we were switching seats back.
You were switching seats back?
Carlos had to go downstairs to get the card
from his bail bondsman.
To get what?
My bail bondsman's card.
The ice pick under the bed at the end
of the movie was memorable, too,
it says, but I think that one is good enough
of base against it.
Got it, Sharon Stone's a crock shot.
Right.
I don't want to put like beaver on here
because God only knows,
mold, get upset.
Who is the most jealous of
and or upset with near-roaches?
That's pull number one.
It'll be on another 40 minutes,
260 votes.
Like I said, 263 votes.
Moe Howard Davidair wins hands down
so far, 130, almost 50%.
Quanticole or Dennis,
they're obvious, they know you're nuts, 49.
Miss Mack Dredge, he's got 36.
She's listening right now.
Steve came 27.
Phil Henry is got 11.
Okay.
And Joey Reynolds still can't get
out of last place.
He's still stuck in a rut with nine.
Did you see, although I probably shouldn't ask,
because you're having,
you still having problems with your pewter?
It's, uh, coming back.
It's a lukewarm.
It's luke Skywalker warm.
Well, anyway, we've got a good battle going on here.
We've got 18 couples on our fourth and final
Hot Couples contest.
Maggie and Tom,
no doubt assisted by that one lovely
breasted we see in her blonde hair.
But nonetheless,
we've got 90 votes for Maggie and Tom.
But given him a really good race
and deservedly so,
Aaron and Brandon with 82.
How do you like that?
A good horse race.
Alexa and Mandy 25.
Uh, Richard Cheryl 16.
See, last contest,
I mean, it was good.
We had some good people on there.
But Frank and Liz,
one by such,
I mean, right from the get-go,
they were like a thousand votes ahead
the first five minutes, you know?
Right.
Uh, Richard Cheryl,
are doing better this time.
They did the first go round.
They got 16.
Natalie and Adam have got nine.
Uh, Brittany and Greg are got nine.
And the Brecht and Danielle got eight
and everybody else is less than eight.
It would just take too long to do them all every time.
And additional words,
if it's ponderous and really boring.
You know what I mean?
You're boring.
Anyway, here's the fact,
like talking about that, uh,
DSL provider,
whatever we were talking about.
I got what I thought about.
Oh,
Neil and George,
I would have to say the most memorable scene,
not the best for,
now what, what does that mean?
The most memorable,
but not the best.
Let me think about that for two or three seconds.
Time's up.
For most people over 40,
but not yet,
that would be the transition scene
from black and white to color
in the Wizard of Oz.
That's the most memorable scene.
Okay, no wonder this is unsigned.
Also, it says,
I saw a clever movie
which I never heard of called Go.
And I was wondering if you ever seen
or heard of it,
and the answer is no to go.
Now, have you ever heard of Go?
I saw it.
It was just fine.
It was clear.
And it was cute.
And it was fine.
It was mo and go.
How about Zo?
Bo?
I watched, you've been two to me
in the last couple of weeks
that I'm really never going to forgive you
for the first one was a beautiful mine,
which, which, which,
seriously, I still have to slap myself silly
just to get out of bed in the morning.
I'm sorry.
I'm such a cool might see it.
Oh, it is so boring.
And so ponderous.
And I've talked other people they agree with me.
It is so boring.
You talk to other sick offense
that will agree with anything you think.
You got the sick part, right?
And the other one I tried watching
was usual suspects.
And as much as I love Kevin Spacey,
my God, that thing was going nowhere.
I watched 40 minutes of that.
I was either that.
I didn't like the beginning either.
I thought it was very slow.
And then it gets interesting.
I wasn't working any out of you.
It gets interesting.
Yeah.
It gets really good at the end.
I'm sorry.
I don't have the patience.
I've got plenty of time.
But I just don't have the patience
to watch things that are that boring
that I'm practically falling asleep,
waiting and waiting for something to finally have.
That's my idea of a good movie.
I didn't recommend that one to you.
I didn't think that you would like that one.
I thought it was just fine.
But that wasn't one I was pushing.
You thought it was what?
Just fine.
Just fine.
Right.
But I thought it was just weak.
Just lame.
Very good.
But you know, it was just fine.
Okay, I'll, I'll, but you see now,
I'll watch it in segments.
I'll watch the 40 minutes.
I can watch the rest of it at some future date.
Should have done that with beautiful mind.
Like soon.
Because that one was about to get good.
It was about to get good.
It was about to get good.
It doesn't matter.
Don't watch it.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Don't watch it.
We don't care.
Don't, don't be a great movie.
That's okay.
It's a good movie.
You'll never be a good movie.
And then you pitched about the ending of Momento.
So I have a, uh, Magnolia.
So what did you do to say?
Right.
Well, what is it?
What the hell was there to say?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anybody that would, that would knock that, uh,
for anything,
the only one that's crazy about it is, uh, you are.
Why would you pardon?
Every time you put it on poles, it, uh, it does very weak.
Magnolia?
Yeah.
You know what?
I don't care.
More people than McDonald's than we're in Christ too.
But I'll take Ruth Chris, thank you.
You look like...
I'm sure that more people saw Indiana Jones and the, uh,
whatever the hell out of crap is, then, uh, saw Magnolia.
That, that doesn't impress me.
That don't impress me much.
That's not the point.
I see.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, proud.
Not 5, 60 on it.
In other words, in case you haven't already cut my drift after all these years,
I don't give a crap what everybody else likes or what they think.
I don't care.
No, I'm hit.
It's like if everybody loves vanilla ice cream, great.
I hope they enjoy it.
I'll stick with my nestleys turtle, thank you.
And at, uh, oh, that prior score.
But it's got a lot of trans fatty acids and it's bad for you.
That'll stop me from eating it.
No.
Here's a color ridge.
Hello?
Yeah, I'll go down.
Yes, sir.
Did you see, uh, Mayor Alex, been out of, uh, hairstyle now?
No, I don't see him up here, thank God.
No, I don't, I'm relieved.
I don't have to see him.
Well, somebody told me that Dianne's hair red and it looks silly as hell.
He's got to do?
Yeah, I swear.
If you look on the, uh, the spik Miami-Hell, there's a nice big,
big, big, big, big shot of him.
Anyway, uh, who's most obsessed by you?
Yes.
I think it's being her boy.
I mean, this guy has to know what you are 24-7, basically.
He doesn't?
Yeah, but I'm on the pole and see what happens.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
I don't think so.
I think he's the least obsessed.
He's just obedient.
Well, sometimes.
5'6'7", oh, 5'6'8", he pound, and he just, he got a problem life.
Okay, he's got the, uh, veil bondsman downstairs waiting to, uh, you know,
hall is assing.
He's got the car repair guy, the, uh, car rental guy.
He's got, uh, like about 20 people waiting downstairs for him when he gets off the air.
When he gets through with his big performance.
139 people, oh, say, Mo, how are you, David and baby?
He is, uh, when it hands down your pants, hands down the back of his,
dingleberry pants.
I, uh, the more I think about that, and I've had verification from several people about that.
It's not something that Scott made up.
The idea of sticking your, your hand in your ass in front of other people,
uh, is so grotesque.
I mean, of all the things that I've heard about him.
I mean, it's so far transcends all of the others, you know?
Yeah, maybe, maybe he's got bad roids.
Maybe he's tribal like shove them back in there.
Maybe he's got like grapes.
Huh?
Maybe he has grapes hanging from the old, uh, tube.
The grapes of ass.
The grapes of ass, you got it.
139 votes for Mo, who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the arranges.
Chronicolor Dennis 53.
Ms. Drudge, she's got 38.
She's flaming.
Steve came 29, Phil Henry 12, and Joy Reynolds is making a little bit of move.
Joy's got 10.
Joy's hanging 10.
Oh, God.
If they only knew, see, obsessed wouldn't even be the word for it.
I have my nose up nails.
Asked out of me a better way to describe it.
Yeah.
I mean, his entire life revolved around everything that I did,
who I liked, who I didn't like, who I promoted.
I mean, just a wild man, a lunatic.
Don't miss him, bad.
27 past 11 at 5, 60 W.
If you run the Actions, run either low-carb sugar-free diet,
you probably go into your supermarket and you get very frustrated,
because you go up and down the aisles with a Tisca de Task and you're big shopping basket,
and you can't find anything you can eat.
Maybe if you're lucky, they got one little section where they got some low-carb,
low-wage sugar-free stuff, and that's it.
That's why you're love shopping at Delights of West Bokeh,
because the entire store is dedicated to you with over 900 low-carb sugar-free products.
And they always have new ones coming in, try the new low-carb instant cup of soup.
You just add water and microwave, a low-carb meal and a cup with four delicious flavors.
Check out the simply delicious low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast.
Your individual size cheesecake, they've got almond snack cakes and blondies,
six different flavors.
At last, chocolate, crisp, and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all.
So you can be satisfied with something sweet and delicious without having to run to the can.
Carburet, ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes, a low-carb meal and a can.
Judy's low-carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste.
Be sure to pick up some of the low-carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondies and brownies,
and their great selected low-carb pasta, sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates,
and their world famous carbolite ice cream too.
You can sample them all before you buy them at Delights of West Bokeh.
And don't forget all Atkins brand products on sale all day, every day.
They're open every day from 10 to 10, and you'll find Delights on the Northeast corner of Glades.
And 441 right next to it, a Boston market, not too far from Moes joint.
Call them toll-free at 1-877 Low-Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Delights of West Bokeh make no mistake as your official Atkins retail center.
Live and local, this is for trade-off I-6.
You ain't here.
Gasol!
The Schmelling Mint introduces a definitive collection of the anal retent.
The pieces are the species series.
Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal droppings collection of the ability.
Our annual due to replicas are handcraft of the finest pewter, order today, and your first stool will arrive in two weeks.
Classic pouchy.
When real you can almost snake,
and admire the attention to detail, and be amazed at the enormity of the elephant and the cuteness of the bunny bullet.
Order today, and you'll receive our special bird series.
See what it looks like before it hits your windshield.
Be a part of this powerful move.
There's no time to waste.
Call now.
The species of the species collection is going fast.
Let me read three or five, 60 WN.
Look at the way the phone is dropped off.
Just like happened to you yesterday because there's nobody in town.
We get a lot more calls if we were talking about...
Tuts!
...but we're not. Right around the time, too.
Yeah, right around the same time where you feel like kind of where you ran out of steam.
Tuts!
That's what we need.
Talk about that all-star game.
What are you saying? No!
Okay, here's one from Eddie, a fact that says,
best seen Johnny Depp getting sucked in and spit out by the water bed in Nightmare on Elm Street.
I would agree with that.
I can't imagine ever forgetting that scene.
It looks like an indelible imprint on my mind.
You know the one we're talking about? Sure, of course.
In fact, that was the first movie I ever saw him.
And that may have been the first movie he was ever in.
I think so.
The lovely Johnny Depp.
For everybody to hit the ceiling.
Let's see here. Now, we got that. We got it down.
Got it. I'm just reading these and I'm assuming that somebody over there in our vast staff.
See, you know, that's another thing.
All the stuff that I'm putting in the DCS.
If we had a staff, if we had any assistance besides me and George more through the time,
and Shannon, who George had crawling around on all fours on the floor all the time,
never did anything, except crawling the floor.
She put in like a thousand bits and all that.
Get out of here.
Something that he has. Something that Ryan would bits.
That's what she has. She worked.
Yeah. Oh, I hope every other internet train like five since we've been here.
And the point I'm saying is if we ever really had a staff,
we could have like 50,000 more bits in here.
And this show could have been so much better over these last five and a half years.
But no, everything is like do it yourself at QAM.
But the check did fear thank you.
And did finally show up.
Here's the fact that says the great thing about you will be posted.
The most memorable movie scene can be memorable because it makes you laugh or cry.
The lights you were giving you nightmares makes you horny or pukes up every meal you've had since your mother's meal.
Etc. How about this?
Forced Russian will let in the Vietcongs hooch the deer hunter.
Okay. Got it.
Got it.
And for the female input, my colleague Kathy says in the end of Jones shoots
cemetery swinging assassin and raiders of the lost dark.
Got it. Got it.
Okay. That's good.
Oh, and I look at this. This is bad news.
Why do you keep sending me this bad news from the Toledo blade?
Bishop charged over fondling woman casino.
All right.
Bishop to me, Tricuria Toledo, who oversees eight states.
An Ontario for the Antioch and Orthodox Christian Church was arrested at a Michigan casino for allegedly fondling a woman official said,
this is on July or about a week ago or less.
The 54 year old bishop won a five in the Antioch and Orthodox Church Arts Christian Arts Dinesys of North America
was highly intoxicated when the enemy grabbed the breast of a woman who was seated nearby slot machine in the Turtle Creek casino near Traverse City.
Said Trooper Paul Kushner, the resting officer.
The bishop was not wearing clerical garb at all trooper Kushner.
He was an Orthodox bishop.
He used some non bishop prep language, a lot of profanity trooper Kushner said.
What's that that we've got?
Which one?
Oh, you know, the, uh, Tura father.
Is it father Turets?
That's one.
Is that the name of it?
I think so.
Oh, that's, that's got to be for this story.
This fall on CBS meet a small town priest who speaks the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own.
It's father Turets mysteries.
We're going to be bothered.
We're gathered here today to join together this confound, second little, a second mother in holy matrimonement.
Faviterette mysteries, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless and NYPD Blue Ball.
Oh, boy, oh, you're a little poor bag.
No, you're a little bastard here.
Sunday, this fall, spend an hour with Faviterette, Dwight After an all new season of,
touch down there by an angel only on CBS.
Okay, here's the rest of that star.
Bishop Demetri was released on $25,000 bond from the Grand Tramber's County Correctional Facility
was charged with criminal sexual conduct.
A fourth to refellowny, if convicted, he faces up to two years in jail, $500 fine and added to her HIV
slash sexually transmitted disease testing, according to Grand Tramber's County Prosecutor Dennis Label.
The division was also charged with a misdemeanor offensive drunk and disorderly conduct, if convicted of that offense,
he faced a 90 days sentence and or fine of $500.
And Chris says, last night, now this is just amazing.
Oh, it says, PS Ducey 28 days later, direct about the guy from Trainspotting.
Well, why would I want to see the guy who directed Trainspotting?
Why would I want to see this 28 days later?
Shallow grave.
If shallow grave was good, you're right.
It was very good.
You don't want to see 28 days later.
You wouldn't like it.
Based on what?
Based on it was weak, it was slow, and the parts that were exciting wouldn't interest you at all.
Okay, like I said, okay, getting back to Chris, he says, last night,
Phil Henry went on for 30 minutes about what a great political talk show host, Rush Limboi, is.
Oh, are you sure?
Phil thought that by having Rush doing football will take away from his radio show
and Phil didn't want to see that happen, then Phil went on about how the invasion was justified
if the president doesn't stop and he writes, oh, man, I'm sound of like for real not, wow.
God, is that not to make you a puker?
I'm a talk about a man who has not just sold out, whatever is beyond sold out,
that's when he, that's the level that he's achieved now.
So, he sold his soul to the devil for about 50 cents.
Let's see, I think the guy would have faith forced the Morkadoff their at 10 o'clock is most obsessed.
Oh, you mean Scott? Is that what this facts mean?
I guess that's where the guy is obsessed with me at all.
He likes to show, but he's not obsessed.
There's an difference between like and a show and being obsessed, believe me, he's not obsessed.
It says, my most memorable scene was in Apocalypse Now and Curl Kilbors at the unprocatable line.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
That's the one scene you should see is the Robert DeVal, the whole little piece with him in it.
Yeah, I got it down there at home, but I can't, you know, like another one of those, I've watched eight, eight, eight,
oh no.
Oh, no.
I've seen in different times, I've watched a little bit, try to get into it, just queue it up for that scene,
watch the whole helicopter attack and everything like that all the way through.
And then we're in the rest of it?
Yeah, yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marla Slime, what is the most memorable movie scene of all time,
Raskin, and we have, you know, some pretty good ones.
That ought to be like about a thousand more, wouldn't you think?
Audible.
You would think so.
That's poll number two, it starts at noon on a website, and right now we have 126 votes on the first one,
who is most jealous of and are obsessed with Neil Rogers.
Moe Howard David at 159.
Absolutely.
Classic, classic caller Dennis 62, he is a classic chronic and an asshole.
Miss Mad Drudge, he's got 44.
Steve Cain 31, Phil Henry 17, and Joy Reynolds 12.
Oh, Phil Henry Suck and Rush Limbaugh as that is so nauseating man.
Jesus, I hope he gays on, I hope he chokes on Dingo Burries, that is just nauseating.
Can you believe that?
I don't want to think about it, I got the waist better.
And about how doing a football is going to take away from his radio and he hopes that it doesn't happen.
Ah, ah, ah.
Of course, guess who's on KFI?
I give up.
Let me give you a clue.
Oh, you know, hurricane seasons here, before a storm hits you put off shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home.
What about the roof of your house, eh?
The Soma paint factory makes roof mastic a great roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof.
Soma's roof mastic saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew,
while unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying down the old Hershey highway.
Soma also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented, called a Soma paint factory at 305, 633, 6333.
Soma paint factories, the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state.
Soma will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody, meaning you at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands in your expensive retail store.
So protect your home and property from softwood as top tropical climate with the very best paints and waterproof coatings available anywhere at the best prices.
Call the Soma SO-MA paint factory at 305, 633, 63333 or find them on the web at Soma.com.
Let me see it again. It's SO-MA-Y. You save tonnakesh when you buy direct from the Soma paint factory.
Be sure to come to the ancient Neil, totally to call 305, 633, 6333.
I'm gonna local say, this is my city.
Where is all yours?
I'm gonna pop you in!
Yeah!
You'll make mistakes when you bust Robert Blake.
No, no, don't do it.
Don't do it. Don't do it.
Unlike OJ, this guy won't get away.
No, condition and say goodbye to the red.
Cause the LED, no is better.
He's guilty man and I mean that.
Just wait and see when it's on court TV.
Yeah!
14th of spay, goodbye, bye, bye.
Did you talk about Britney and Justin at crappy story about how she admits now that she did it?
Well, mention it in past.
She claims that they've done it.
Oh, the thought of that is enough to make me gag.
Even worse than the thought of somebody looking at Rush Limbaugh's fat ass.
Oh, it's big at Rush Limbaugh's fat ass.
I wonder what the right wingers are gonna be.
What kind of tune they're gonna be singing?
What's the impeachment hearings you're going?
Oh, man.
When I won't be too far down the road, you'll say you cry baby.
It's overwhelming nonsense.
Yeah, right.
I mean, we're talking about, well, you know, blow jobs on the one hand against starting a war with Fonda False pretence
and killing thousands of people in sacrificing hundreds so far and probably be in the thousands of Americans before we're done and Gritz.
But never let them already have alienated the Gritz now that pointing the finger to hell.
It was their thing that Dossia and Igeria and about all that crap about Uranium and Yadia, right?
It was the French.
It was the French, it was the Brits, it was George Tennett, it was anybody but the Bushmeister.
Harry Truman used to say the buck stops here, the Bushmeister says it stops on somebody else's desk, anybody but me.
We say I'd have been thinking about factoring a 2000 election was voting for anybody but him, but they didn't.
He almost won it.
Maggie and Tom, we got a great battle going on our hot couples constant.
This is going to be good.
Maggie and Tom got 103, they're on top so to speak.
Aaron and Brandon have got 99, they're right on their ass.
In fact, it's almost neck to neck, no, it's ass to ass.
Huh?
Careful.
Alex and Andy got 33 and how's Rich and Cheryl 19?
They keep plugging away, they keep trying, they're plugging it.
Here's one for our poll.
The rabbit boarding in the pot and fatal attraction, you know, I saw this facts and I've seen fatal attraction at least a couple of times.
I don't remember that.
I did, it wasn't memorable, obviously.
If I don't remember it, it could have been that memorable, you know.
The rabbit boarding in the pot and fatal attraction.
There was a whole bunch of jokes being made at the time about it.
It was on every late night talk show and every comedy skit.
I'm with a little bunny in the thing.
Yeah.
So, I mean, it was memorable to a lot of people.
Well, don't people eat rabbit?
It's a delicacy.
You can find a lot of these Shishi restaurants that have a rat poached rabbit and a broiled rabbit and the broiled hair.
Yeah, but now you're pet bunny.
But what's the difference?
I'm not that big on a rabbit.
It's all they do is crap BBs.
You know, that's all they do.
They do.
They rub it against all of the plays.
What do you do with a rabbit?
What do you do with it?
Does it respond to like a name?
Does it, you know, come when you call it?
What does it do?
It keeps your feet warm if you make booties out of them.
I see.
Here's the facts from Tarzan.
It says this looks like from some chronic, I don't know, because they change the name at the bottom.
I'll always remember this scariest scene with which I had the unfortunate, oh, this is so illiterate.
They probably scrolled out real fast.
I'll be generous.
I rented about Schmidt when I, which I really enjoyed and if you liked American beauty, then enjoy Schmidt.
I don't listen in.
When Kathy Bates takes off her robe and oh, I can't say no more, I'm going to hang myself from Tarzan.
He says, hey, if I see about Schmidt, isn't that what Jack Nicholson?
Yes.
And never so worried.
And Beter Boy, never saw it?
No, but a couple of people have mentioned to me the part where this woman gets naked.
Kathy Bates naked.
Oh my God.
Geez, we apologize right before lunchtime for all this crap going on today.
Man, first we got Phil Lick and Lardas Limbaugh's gigantic pink ass.
And now we got Kathy Bates getting naked.
We're not putting that on there, are we?
What's that?
Man, no, because we don't know anything about it.
Maybe we'll get somebody to a second that emotional see.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't forget one to two every day during the summertime.
I just want 30 to two like you do yesterday.
I try to give you the solution, man.
I put it on for it.
I know what that reminds me of, seriously.
I don't want to knock for Ralph, because he's a good friend of ours.
We're delighted.
We open him with open arms and legs, but this business of taking another call after 10 o'clock.
This ain't going to happen no more.
You see what I'm saying?
In other words, just because there are calls on there doesn't mean, oh well, we're going to stay on a few extra minutes so we can get everybody on here.
Now, what's that all about?
Whoever heard us such a thing.
So in other words, you had such great calls between 1 and 1 30 yesterday that you felt...
I didn't want to resort to it, but it was a mistake.
No, we're not resorting to it.
It's a bonus.
That's right.
Why do you put in such terms?
Okay, I mean, you can take a tour and you can package it and say, hey, here's a nice Christmas gift.
Or you can say, here's a small eternity.
It all depends on how you package it and how you present it.
And with all the course, you don't have all the neat stuff in your computer that I got here because you haven't had all the interns down there, stick it it in.
Well, stuff like a tribe.
Here's a call, that's for sure.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Nea, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got a nomination for both calls.
I don't know, I'm able to touch Moe, but if you were to put Gilbert on the pole in the beginning, I bet it would have been better.
That's not a bad idea.
Maybe too late.
It's too late.
But my other memorable movie would be Vivian Lee.
And when she said, I've got it, my witness, I'll never go hungry again.
When Tara got burned or destroyed by the Yankee.
Yeah.
That would be my nomination for the movie unforgettable scene.
You picked that scene out of Gone with the Wind?
What that?
That would be the scene from Gone with the Wind that you'd picked.
That's his opinion.
That's what he remembers.
I'm a, what are you giving him grief for?
That's the one he likes.
He sticks out.
To me, it was more powerful than frankly my dear...
Frankly my dear screw you, right?
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
You too.
Here's the fact that my pal is a FedEx.
I don't even know I had pal's a FedEx, but thank you so much.
It says, most memorable movie scene, Star Wars, when Princess Lee kisses Luke Skywalker, then swings across the Death Star.
Do you know that Mark, what else is his name?
Mark Hamill.
Mark Hamill.
Mark Hamill was on Aids enough?
No, I did not know that.
He's 53 years old.
That I know.
He's an old fart.
And of course once he smashed up his core bed.
Right.
They couldn't put the pieces of the plastic together or his face either one, but he's not looking to be...
But he's 53 years old.
I looked at...
I forget why I was looking...
Oh, I know why, because a few days ago I was channel surfing.
And there one of those oldie moldy channels was Aids enough.
And what was it?
Who the hell...
And it was enough for me.
Because William's was on there.
And here was a young Mark Hamill, which I never remember him being on I truly played David.
And I thought, man, who now is he?
He's pretty interesting.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm one episode of Aids enough.
It was a horrible show.
It was awful.
With Dick Van Patten, who did have a couple of pretty interesting looking kids.
Was this son's name, the tennis player?
I'm a street.
I wouldn't agree with that.
I can't imagine ever forgetting that scene.
It left such an indelible imprint on my mind.
You know the one we're talking about?
Sure, of course.
In fact, that was the first movie I ever saw him in.
It may have been the first movie he was ever in.
I think so.
The lovely Johnny Depp.
For everybody...
When he hit the ceiling.
Oh, let's see here.
No, we got that.
We got it down.
I'm just reading these and I'm assuming that somebody over there in our vast staff...
See, that's another thing.
All the stuff that I'm putting in the VCS.
If we had a staff, if we had any assistance besides me and George most of the time.
And Shannon, who George had crawling around on all fours on the floor all the time, never did anything.
Except crawling the floor.
She put in like a thousand bits and all.
Yeah, not a hear.
Yeah, something that I had.
Something that Ryan would bits.
That's what he had.
He worked.
Yeah, I hope that...
Every other intern, I train like five since we've been here.
And the point I'm saying is if we ever really had a staff, we could have like 50,000 more bits in here.
And this show could have been so much better over these last five and a half years.
But no, everything is like do it yourself at QAM.
But the check did clear thank you.
And did finally show up.
Here's the fact that says the great thing about your movie poses.
The most memorable movie scene can be memorable because it makes you laugh or cry.
The lights you were giving you nightmares makes you horny or pukes up every meal you've had since your mother's meal.
Etc.
How about this?
Fourth Russian roulette in the Vietcongs hooch the deer hunter.
Okay.
Got it.
Got it.
And for the female input, my colleague Kathy says, in the end of Jones shoots,
cemetery swinging assassin and raiders of the lost dark.
Got it.
Got it.
Okay, that's good.
Oh, and I look at this.
This is bad news.
Why do you keep sending me this bad news from the Toledo blade?
Bishop charged over a fondling woman in casino.
All right.
Bishop Dmitri Kuri of Toledo, who oversees eight states.
An Ontario for the Antioch and Orthodox Christian Church was arrested at a Michigan casino for allegedly fondling a woman official said,
this is on July, about a week ago or less.
The 54 year old bishop won a five in the Antioch and Orthodox Church Arts Christian Arts Times of North America.
Was highly intoxicated when the enemy grabbed the breast of a woman who was seated nearby slot machine in the Turtle Creek casino near Traverse City.
Said Trooper Paul Kushner, the arresting officer.
The bishop was now wearing clerical garb at Tol Trooper Kushner.
He was an Orthodox bishop.
He used some non-vishop type language, a lot of profanity trooper Kushner said.
What's that that we've got?
Which one?
Oh, you know, the, uh, father, is it father Tourette's?
That's one.
Is that the name of it?
I think so.
Oh, that's, that's got to be for this story.
This fall on CBS, meet a small town priest who speaks the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own.
It's father Tourette's mysteries.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to join together this pink dumb sucking little, a sucker mother.
In holy matrimonial.
Father Tourette mysteries, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holpless and NYPD Blue Ball.
Oh, you're a little poor, but longer than Boston.
Sunday's this fall, spend an hour with Father Tourette, right after an all new season of,
touch down there by an angel only on CBS.
Okay, here's the rest of that.
The official to meet you was released on $25,000 from the Grand Traverse County Correctional Facility was charged with criminal sexual conduct.
A fourth to refellownee, if convicted, he faces up to two years in jail, $500 fine and maded through HIV,
slash sexually transmitted disease testing, according to Grand Traverse County prosecutor Dennis Lebel.
The vision was also charged with a misdemeanor offensive drunken disorderly conduct, if convicted of that offense, he'd face a 90 days sentence and or find a $500.
And Chris says last night, now this is just amazing.
Oh, he says, PS DoC 28 days later, directed by the guy from Trainspotting.
Well, why would I want to see the guy who directed Trainspotting?
I want to see this 28 days later.
Shuttle great.
If shallow grave was good, you're right.
It was very good.
You don't want to see 28 days later.
You wouldn't like it.
Based on what?
Based on it was weak.
It was slow and the parts that were exciting wouldn't interest you at all.
Okay, like I said, okay, getting back to Chris, he says last night, feel happy when I'm for 30 minutes about what a great political talk show host Rush Limboi is.
Are you sure?
Feel thought that by having Rush doing football will take away from his radio show and feel didn't want to see that happen.
Then feel one out about how the invasion was justified.
If I'd hope the president doesn't stop in a right.
Oh, I've sounded like for real now.
Wow.
God, is that not to make you a puker?
I'm a talk about a man who is not just sold out or whatever, whatever is beyond sold out.
That's what he, that's the level that he's achieved now.
Sold his soul to the devil from about 50 cent.
Let's see, I think the guy would have faith forced the Mocha Doth the Lieutenant Clock is most obsessed.
Oh, you mean skyd is that what this facts mean?
I guess that's where they're going.
I don't think he's obsessed with me at all.
He likes to show, but he's not obsessed.
There's a difference between like and a show and being obsessed. Believe me, he's not obsessed.
It says, my most memorable scene was in Apocalypse now when Carl Kilbors said the unproducible line.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
That's the one scene you should see is the Robert DeVal, the whole of that little piece with him in it.
Yeah, I got it down there at home, but I can't be like another one of those.
I've watched eight, eight, seven different times.
Watched a little bit.
Try to get into it.
Just queue it up for that scene, watch the whole helicopter attack and everything like that all the way through.
And then burn the rest of it.
Yeah, and keep kidding.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marla Slim.
What is the most memorable movie scene of all time, Raskin?
And we have, you know, some pretty good ones.
That would be like about a thousand more, wouldn't you think?
Audible.
You would think so.
That's pull number two.
It starts at noon on the website.
And right now we have 126 votes on the first one.
Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with Neo Rogers?
Moe Howard, David, 159.
Absolutely.
Classic, classic caller, Dennis, 62.
He is a classic chronic and an asshole.
Miss Maddrudge, he's got 44.
Steve Cain, 31, Phil Henry, 17, and Joy Reynolds, 12.
Oh, Phil Henry, suckin' Rush Limbaugh, ass.
That is so nauseating, man.
Jesus, I hope he gags on it.
I hope he chokes on Dingo Buries.
That is, that's just nauseating.
Can you believe that?
I don't want to think about it.
I got the waist-past.
And about how Dylan and football is going to take away from his radio,
and he hopes that it doesn't happen.
Oh, oh.
Of course, guess who's on KFI?
I give up.
Let me give you a clue.
Oh.
You know, hurricane seasons here, before storm hits,
you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home.
But what about the roof of your house, eh?
The so-may paint factory makes roof mastic,
a great roof coating that can help you hurricane-proof your roof.
So-may's roof mastic saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane
and roof, while unprotected roofs were pealing off and flying down the old Hershey highway.
So-may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented,
called a so-may paint factory at 305-633-6333.
So-may paint factory is the oldest quality paint-motor-proof coating manufacturer in the entire state.
So-may will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody, meaning you, at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for
the same national brands in your expensive retail store.
So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough, tropical climate
with the very best paints and waterproof coatings available anywhere at the best prices too.
Called the so-may SO-MAI paint factory at 305-633-633333 or find them on the web at somay.com.
Let me say it again, it's SO-MAI.
You save ton of cash when you buy direct from the so-may paint factory.
Be sure to come that ancient neil told you to call 305-633-63333.
So-may be the local state since its five cities where you know your own.
Kill whin'!
Yeah!
Don't make mistakes when you bust rubber-blame.
Mmm, no, no.
Don't do it.
Don't love it.
Unlike OJ, this guy won't get away.
No, come with it.
And say goodbye to the man.
Cause he ever be the nose better.
He's guilty man and I mean that.
Just wait and see when it's on court TV.
Yeah!
Bye bye bye bye bye!
Fourteen, I'll speak it up.
Did you talk about Britney and Justin, that crappy story about how she admits now that she did it?
Well, mentioned it in past.
She claims that they've done it.
Oh!
The thought of that is enough to make me gag.
Even worse than the thought of somebody licking the Rush Limbaugh's fat ass.
Well, it's big and a Rush Limbaugh's fat ass.
I wonder what the right winners are going to be.
What kind of tune they're going to be singing.
What's the impeachment hearings you're going, you know?
Oh, man.
Well, that won't be too far down the road.
You'll see you cry, babies.
Grumman up nonsense.
Yeah, right.
I mean, we're talking about, well, you know, blow jobs on the one hand against starting a war with Fonda False pretence
and killing thousands of people in sacrificing hundreds so far and probably be in the thousands of Americans before we're done.
And Brits, but never let them already have alienated the Brits.
Now they're pointing the finger to the wall.
It was their thing that Dossia and Igeria and about all that crap about Uranium and Yadia Air Ride.
And it was the French.
It was the French.
It was the Brits.
It was George Tennett.
It was anybody but the Bushmeister.
Harry Truman used to say the buck stops here.
The Bushmeister says it stops on somebody else's desk.
Anybody but me.
What's the other been thinking about factoring a 2000 election was voting for anybody but him?
But they didn't.
He almost won it.
Maggie and Tom, we got a great battle going on our hot couples contest.
This is going to be good.
Maggie and Tom got 103.
They're on top so to speak.
Aaron and Brandon have got 99.
They're right on their ass.
In fact, it's almost neck to neck.
No, it's ass to ass.
Huh?
Careful.
Alex and Andy got 33.
And then how is Rich and Cheryl 19?
They keep plugging away.
They keep trying and they're plugging it.
Here's one for our poll.
The rabbit boiling in the pot and fatal attraction.
You know, I saw this facts and I've seen fatal attraction at least a couple of times.
I don't remember that.
I do.
It was a memorable.
Obviously.
You didn't really remember that.
If I don't remember it, it couldn't have been that memorable.
You know?
The rabbit boiling in the pot and fatal attraction.
There was a whole bunch of jokes being made at the time about it.
It was on every late night talk show and every comedy skit.
About the little bunny and the thing.
Yeah.
So I mean, it was memorable to a lot of people.
Well, don't people eat rabbit.
It's a delicacy.
You can find a lot of these shishi restaurants that have a rat poached rabbit and a broiled rabbit and the broiled hair.
Yeah, but now you're putting bunny.
But what's the difference?
I'm not that big on rabbits.
All they do is crap the babies.
You know, that's all they do.
And then they get the babies all over the place.
What do you do with the rabbit?
What do you do with it?
Does it respond to like a name?
Is it come when you call it?
Is it?
What does it do?
It keeps your feet warm if you make booties out of them.
I see.
Here's a fact from Tarzan.
It says this looks like from some chronic, I don't know, because they change the name on the bottom.
I'll always remember this scariest scene with which I had the unfortunate.
Oh, this is so illiterate.
They probably scrolled out real fast.
They'll be generous.
I rented about Schmidt when I, which I really enjoyed.
And if you like the American beauty, you'd enjoy Schmidt.
I don't listen to him.
When Kathy Bates takes off her robe and, oh, I can't say no more, I'm going to hang myself from Tarzan.
He says, anybody see about Schmidt?
No.
Isn't that with Jack Nicholson?
Yes.
And...
Never saw it.
And Benderboy?
Never saw it?
No, but a couple of people have mentioned to me the part where this woman gets naked.
Kathy Bates naked?
Oh my God!
Geez, we apologize right before lunchtime for all this crap going on today.
Man.
First we got Phil Lickin, Lardas Limbaugh, Shagginik, Pink-ass, and now we got Kathy Bates getting naked.
We're not putting that on there, are we?
What's that?
I don't know, because we don't know anything about it.
Maybe we'll get somebody to second that emotional, see?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't forget 1 to 2 every day during the summertime.
I just want 30 to 2 like you do yesterday.
I tried to give it a solution, man.
I could have gone for it.
You know what that reminds me of, seriously.
I don't want to knock for Ralph, because he's a good friend of ours.
We're delighted.
We open him with open arms and legs, but this business of taking another call after 10 o'clock.
This ain't going to happen no more.
You see what I'm saying?
In other words, just because there are calls on there doesn't mean, oh well, we're going to stay on a few extra minutes so we can get everybody on the air.
What the hell with that?
What's that all about?
Right.
Whoever heard us such a thing.
So in other words, you had such great calls between 1 and 1 30 yesterday that you felt until you left early.
No, I didn't want to have to resort to it, but it was a mistake.
No, no, we're not resorting to it.
It's a bonus.
That's right.
Why do you put it in such terms?
Okay, I mean, you can take a turn.
You can package it and say, hey, here's a nice Christmas gift.
Or you can say, here's a small E-turn.
It all depends on how you package it and how you present it.
And with all the, of course, you don't have all the neat stuff in your computer that I got here, because you haven't had all the interns down there, stick it it in.
Well, stuff like a try.
Here's a call.
That's for sure.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Nea. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got a nomination for both polls.
I don't know if they will touch Mo.
But if you were to put Gilbert on the poll in the beginning, I bet it would have been close.
That's not a bad idea.
Maybe too late.
The two.
But my other, my memorable movie would be Vivian Lee.
And when she said, I've got it, my witness will never go hungry again.
When Tara got burned or destroyed by the Yankees.
Yeah.
That would be my nomination for the movie unforgettable scene.
You picked that scene out of Gone with the Wind.
What that?
That would be the scene from Gone with the Wind that you'd picked.
That's his opinion.
That's what he remembers.
I'm a what do you give him grief for?
That's the one he likes.
He sticks out.
It was, it was more powerful than frankly my dear, I think.
Frankly, my dear screw you right.
All right.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
You too.
Here's the fact for my pals at FedEx.
So much it says, most memorable movie scene, Star Wars, when Princess Lee kisses Luke Skywalker,
then swings across the Death Star.
Do you know that the mark, what else is his name?
Hammer.
Mark Hamill.
Mark Hamill was on 8 is enough.
No, I did not know that.
He's 53 years old.
That I know.
He's an old fart.
And of course, once he smacked up his core bed.
Right.
He's a man.
He couldn't put the pieces of the plastic together with his face either one, but he's not
looking to good.
But he's 53 years old.
I looked at, I forget why I was looking.
Oh, I know why because a few days ago, I was channel surfing and there on one of those
oldie moldy channels was 8 is enough.
And I thought, who the hell, it was enough for me.
Cosbolyans was on there and here was a young Mark Hamill, which I never remember him being on
a show.
He played David.
And I thought, man, who now is he?
He's pretty interesting.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm saying, I'm one episode of 8 is enough.
Oh, it was a horrible show.
It was awful.
But Dick Van Patten, who did have a couple of pretty interesting looking kids, was this
son's name, the tennis player of instant Van Patten?
Right.
But anyway, and I thought, and I could take it to my side.
I thought that looks like Mark Hamill, but it can't be.
It can't be Mark Hamill.
And it was.
You ready for that?
I got it.
So he was on 8 is enough.
And then of course, he was a Luke Skywalker.
He was a big shot for about five minutes.
And now he's an old, daughtering old fart.
Impressive.
Oh my God.
He's 53 years old.
I feel like I'm clean now.
I mean, not that I wouldn't want to be 53 again, but it's just the idea that's a, it's
like when you see guys play in baseball, major league baseball.
And you remember watching their grandparents play, their grandfather's play?
No.
Well, I mean, yeah, first of all, you wouldn't because you know, watch it number two and
not that old yet.
But I am.
That's called getting old, baby.
It's called living in South Florida.
All right.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir?
Good.
Listen, one movie that both, you and I like a lot, which is a Star Quarquorn.
Try to remember the scene in the second part of the movie when Alex had, I think it's
Characters in with Alex.
Yes, right.
He gets beat up and he gets brought into the house of old man with that big guy that will
carry him around.
Oh, yeah.
And he's saying he's in the back of the singing right.
Exactly.
And the old man, the smell you remember, who that guy was.
And you could see his face.
Yeah.
You're right.
And go crazy.
You could see the veins.
Every vein in his head was turning purple.
If that's not the most, look like Mike Disney.
If that's not the most memorable scene, I don't know what it is.
I mean, that was an extraordinary scene.
As he was singing, singing in the rain, you know, Alex entered the large.
Excellent choice.
I think that's an awesome movie and a memorable scene.
Have a great day.
Thanks, pal.
And that's a good one.
Yes, it is.
You put it down however you like.
Alex, I'm singing in the rain, and now I'm singing in the rain.
Singing in the tub.
Singing in the bathtub.
Here's this poor guy who's like a vegetable in his wheelchair down there at the typewriter.
And he's listening.
Oh, so you knew that worthless trivia.
That was Darth Vader that answered the door of Julian and carried him in.
That was Darth Vader.
That was Darth Vader.
That answered the door and stuck in the house.
Oh, no, I know who that was.
I remember every minute of that movie.
That was a great movie.
Get that.
Would you, Julian?
Yeah, that's David Prouds, who went.
It was interesting when he was light enough to go into prison.
Alex was standing there in a music.
If you check the music in the background, this singing let hang down your head, Tom Dolly,
which I thought was interesting.
I missed that.
The scene where he was standing naked at the table.
Anyway, you just had to be there.
See, you're not a Kingston trio, guys, before your time.
Hey, listen, that's why the advantages of being an old fart.
You know a lot of crap and that this advantage is you're about to croak.
How's Gerald Banfield doing at the Jackson Hurnes Raceway and Clarence A.O.
And Wayne Temple?
Who?
Anyway, oh, this is a good story.
President Bush's brother, Neil.
No, God.
No, different Neil.
Cheated on his ex-wife, Sharon, would local women.
He met during business trips to the Far East, according to a videotape,
deposition conducted by Sharon's lawyers.
Oh, an upstanding family.
Of course, Neil, I was the one I was involved in at the Silverado, the SNL scandal.
Right.
I had had had sex, of course, with perhaps three or four.
I don't remember the exact number of women at different times.
Neil Bush said during his just leaked deposition.
It was videotape last March as part of the couple's divorce proceeding.
This is in yesterday's New York Post, the right wing post no less.
He said the trist happened when he was at Southeast Asia several years ago.
In Thailand, once I have a pretty clear recollection that there was one time in Thailand
and in the Hong Kong, Bush said,
and would you marry to Mrs. Bush, a lawyer asked?
And he said,
Yes.
Our marriage has been broken, Bush continued its loveless and there's nothing left to it.
And there hasn't been for a long, long time.
The couple have three children stunning Tommy Hilfinger model Lauren Bush,
star of any ad campaigns in the magazine shoots, daughter Ashley,
14 and son Pierce, 16.
How do you like that?
The Bush family continues being really upstanding in all American.
That great.
I love it.
These are the kind of people who can really look up to.
Love him 57, three minutes till noon at 5.60.
QM the mad dog at two.
We got the Humper back in town briefly.
The Humper's on four to seven, three days in a row.
We do the worst schedule for Hank this week.
We got the big O at seven.
You got the major league all-star game, which really counts,
which is really stupid, by the way.
It's supposed to be an exhibition game.
It's one of a typical dumb bud ceiling move idiotic.
They make a big mistake last year and a game in a tie.
And this year they're going to make up for it by making the game mean something
by deciding the home team for the world.
It's absolutely unacceptable.
That would be like that would be like the NHL all-star game deciding who's going to have
home and ice advantage in the Stanley Cup finals just stupid.
Anyway, eight o'clock we got the all-star game.
And he came follows that and Joe and Mark overnight.
And they're still want that five o'clock hour back by the way.
By the way, Molde still wanted back.
Absolutely.
If you're in a dead end job like the Mollman,
maybe colleges to expense him and just take too long.
You haven't got four years to go sit on your ass trying to get a life.
If you're going to afford just ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months,
fast-tracking up.
You achieve a new great high-paying computer career and start making some serious cash.
That's right.
Only ten bucks a month and three nights a week for just four months for individuals who qualify.
So call fast train day.
What do you got to lose beside your dead end job?
Call one eight six six fast train with four locations all over town in Pember Pines Miami,
Kendall and Fort Lauderdale.
This is going to be one year by you.
That's convenient for it.
So call fast train eight six six fast train.
Talk with the train career counselor.
They'll be updating a weekend schedules job placement hands on training too.
So call fast train today.
Be sure to mention Todd Drex name for a real chuckle.
Call one eight six six fast train that effort payment is valid for a year.
Regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're at high school student on summer break sitting around whacketed all day long.
Somebody that underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase your network.
Call fast train one eight six six fast train or check them on the web at fast train dot com.
Call fast train eight six fast train.
We're sports radio five six.
Two a.m.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M.
Crackle records presents for the first time anywhere a fabulous two record collection of pop music.
Greatest daughter is like Fox.
It's a girl over.
The comparable David boy.
It's the greatest names in pop music.
It's never again.
They're way to the top.
It's one amazing record offers.
Hello.
It's bad.
No.
Those actions.
Prince.
No.
No.
Freeze generation of great stars and servers.
And if you ask now,
Procho will grow in a fabulous collection.
Well, friends, the grown twist days.
Brennan.
Hey Rogers.
My pentatars.
What's the need more?
If you try to buy these records, they probably put you away.
You can only get a Procho, Bruns and Roans, plus stars and servers.
From crackle, where are we safe?
If you'll buy this, you'll buy anything.
Probo three and five six.
You know, you see we haven't heard that in about 45 years, you know, right?
I miss that.
Don't even know where it is.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, there you go.
367 votes.
We can take the first poll down now.
Eric, please.
Probably more on there now, but I like printed it out just in case it was a little bit too quick on the switch.
369 votes, like I said.
Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with Neil Rogers?
Mohawar David 185.
185.
50.1%.
That's here for Mo.
Absolutely.
Over 50%.
Quanticolor Dennis.
69.
Good number for Dennis.
He'll make something filthy out of it.
Miss Matt Fudge.
She's got 48th of Fudge, Meister.
Steve came 35.
I feel Henry only 17.
Are you sure?
We'll have a recon, Phil.
And Joey Reynolds has been last since the get go.
And he's at least consistent.
When you say he was always consistent?
Consistently what?
Bad.
He sucked.
Joey Reynolds 14.
Although if they really knew it, he might beat Mo if they really knew if we had a crowd that goes back that far but we don't.
I just obsessive.
I mean, just neurotic.
Narotic.
Every time I had a bomb, when he had to know what Roma was, what flavor it was, how long it took to wipe.
I mean, a whole deal.
Right hand left hand.
Front back.
Our poll question today.
Now here's poll number two.
We're going to have it up there.
And then of course one to two.
It's our comedy.
But it's our every day during the summertime through August 21.
Oh, right.
Huh?
I'm just telling you that right now.
I decided that yesterday hearing you struggling and dying over there.
And we're doing okay here.
But it's because we're building a poll.
If we were doing a poll.
Right.
Good luck to.
Oh my God.
There's a little suggestion there for you.
In fact, I'm enjoying doing Tuesday and Thursday so much.
Although I liked it a little bit better.
Two years ago, I was doing no shows in the summertime.
I like that better.
But I'll say this.
I'm thinking that maybe what I'll do is extend my contract a few weeks.
And I'll just do Tuesdays and Thursdays the rest of the next three and a half years.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
I'm thinking that.
I'm not saying it's going to happen.
But that is definitely a possibility.
Just imagine how good those shows could be.
As opposed to the drudgery.
Or did he say that the treachery, but the monotony of having to come in day after Monday through Friday.
Monday, Wednesday Saturday.
Oh my God.
I don't know.
Too much.
What is the most memorable movie scene of all time?
We're asking today.
It's a sensational poll if I say so myself.
Michael and I can we got I don't know what you got.
You'll have to read them.
You got to be the boy.
I'll cut up now.
He's not a phone with his bail bondsman.
No, no.
And then the bail bondsman stuff comes after the show.
Okay, or at least in the new.
You're going to have to bail.
And sorry, no pun intended in the middle of the show here.
For what?
For his court date for his trial.
Michael Kilsaloto and McCluskey and the godfather.
Ned Vady gets raped in it in deliverance.
Frogs fall from the sky.
Magnolia.
All the characters seem wise up in Magnolia, which is clearly the greatest scene in the history of emotion pictures.
Darth Vader cuts loose hand off an empire history spec.
Horses head in the bed with jack waltz in the godfather.
And that's all I got.
I haven't written the other ones down.
You got the list.
Carlos has them.
Let's see if he can yell it from across the room.
God, holler him out.
Get off the phone with your bail bondsman.
You deadbeat.
Let's go.
This is a high price radio show.
Not some kind of a rare reformatory.
Screw it.
I'm going to jail if you want.
All right.
What was that?
Yeah, take his ass to jail.
Okay.
Just leave his hands behind so we can hit the camera.
I'm going to get the keyboard on a goddamn computer.
All right.
What is it?
Which I like.
I left off the horses head in the bed with jack waltz in the godfather.
All right.
Caveman throwing bone at the sky from 2001, a space odyssey.
Yeah.
When Taylor first speaks in planet of the apes.
Oh, look at look at that.
We got to I could be reading.
Well, I'll also want to go ahead.
Give me something to make you feel like you're useful.
Alien explodes out of guys chest and alien.
Shark gets on top, crushes back of boat and eats kept in quint jaws.
Travis Bickles, you're talking to me monologue.
Sharon stones crotch shot and basic instinct.
Put the lotion in the basket, you know, seven to the lambs.
Johnny Depp gets sucked in by bed.
Nightmare in the home street.
I miss Madison.
I'm not going to take it anymore from network.
Four-stretching roulette and deer hunter.
Indy shoots Schmidt are guy.
Smith are Smith are Smith are Smith are Smith are.
Isn't he on any afternoon?
I would be Smith are.
That's the other guy.
In red is the last are you mean rush junior?
Yeah, go ahead.
Robert devils I love the smell of napop in the morning scene in the apocalypse.
Now Vivian lays is got as my witness.
Vivian Lee Vivian Lee not lay not lay okay.
Lee Lee Freud in slip.
As got as my witness I will never go hungry again from going with the wind.
Princess Leah kisses Luke then swings across this star from Star Wars.
Alexander the large singing in the tub is guy and wheelchair remembers who he is.
From a lot of reading week reading.
The big you bloody brains all over you nice side leaks suit.
So I see Georgia's voted.
No, I haven't.
Oh, you haven't that who voted for we got one vote for each.
I'm building a parent.
I don't know the pool is up now.
Somebody must have hopped on there right away.
The pool is up officially.
The second pool I voted obviously for the characters all seeing wise up in Magnolia.
You are you are kind of vote for that just out of spite.
You know, even though you like any man.
Oh, it was a great scene.
Not my favorite.
There's not there's not one that's even close to my book.
I'm gonna close second.
That's because you haven't.
Why are stones crossed beats that hands down.
Okay, so now you can end up pornography again.
Why do we just put porn on movies on this?
All right.
Okay.
How about Debbie does down.
About Malice.
And how's Alice doing?
What's you?
See, it's a great song, but you have to see it.
You have to see it.
It's a visual.
It is.
Okay, the new pool is up and I think.
I don't know.
Let me just refresh it and take a take a puke at it.
Okay.
Because there's got to be more than two votes, right?
I'll tell you that thing on a hot couples contest is just unbelievable.
We got a real battle going on.
Oh, this is, I don't know what's going on here.
Eric.
Are we fresh?
And it's just kind of like sitting there.
Oh, there it is.
There we got the preliminary.
The first votes are trickling in.
Michael kills Salotto and McCloskey.
You got it, Father.
Although at least McCloskey enjoyed the wheel.
He said, you're right.
It is the best.
It's a, it really sticks in your throat.
Sharon stones, crock shot and Bay-Ras.
See, that's going to get a lot of votes beginning.
I didn't vote for it.
And that doesn't even belong on there, too.
I mean, then, okay, whatever you say, most memorable,
I don't know if it belongs.
If that's where your mind is at.
If that's all you know is sex, sex, sex.
If that's how you can think about, like me,
Darth Vader cuts loose hand off the Improvisory Spectre, too.
Characters all, look at that.
Characters all sing, of course, that's my vote.
Got one.
5'6'7'0'5'60, pound 5'60' on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Poppano.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You think Bush will get reelected next year?
No, I think he'll be impeached before the election.
All right.
I'm asking your question.
I'm giving you an honest answer.
I think he's going to be impeached.
Right.
They all sing, you know, they all do that stuff.
But what do you think about Christian?
Anything we should get him over here?
5'6'7'0'5'60, pound 5'60' on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Oh my God, that was pretty heavy to do.
Is it one yet?
You think we ought to get Crutch-Anne over here?
No.
But he sure is how beats I ought to bush.
How do you like that?
That's my intellectual answer for today, okay?
Old Froggy.
Of course it was Crutch-Anne who said at the beginning that it was a moron.
He's right.
Speaking of Froggy.
Yes?
You get that animation yet?
No, I've looked for it a couple of times and I don't know whether it's your problem with your stuff down there or whatever.
But there's no items in my thing, okay?
You're regular one.
Not the other one.
The new one, not the old one.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay.
Well, I'm looking under my new email thing there and it says there are no items in this view.
There is no message so there ain't nothing in it.
In other words, it's as empty as Beanerboy's head.
Must have been part of the ongoing problems this morning.
I see.
Well, give it another shot.
It's a picture of what a frog, it's animations of a frog raining.
A frog raining?
Frogs raining.
A raining.
Raining, raining frogs.
Why do I want to see that?
Because it's cute.
Okay.
Well, if it's cute, it's from one of our very creative listeners, which we thank again, by the way.
We've got so much really neat stuff.
Now, where did that baby moe with the green diapers doing the Karate kicks?
Where did that come from?
One of our listeners.
Oh, thank you profusely, man.
Oh, good people.
Who?
Joe Jonesy.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Pally.
You guys are the best.
In fact, let's give a special shout out to all of our good computer nerds out there, whatever they are.
Hi, Pally.
An honor of that neat stuff we got on there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18T line.
If you're looking for someplace to go and just feast, forget about all the heat and the humidity and the war and the killing and the stuff, just go to the Emerald Coast and just eat and eat and eat and eat until you pass out on the floor.
You can do it because it's like walking into a sea and endless sea of food.
They've got three locations for you now.
There's one in sunrise, north, behind the beach, and the newest one is in Pembroke Pines.
You notice how everybody is they showed up in Pembroke Pines?
Nope.
Well, now that it really is, everybody, sooner or later they eventually get to the Pines.
Start your mouthwatering eating experience at the Emerald Coast with one or two or all of six different soups, and then you'll find a whole bunch of delicious entrees, including New York Stripmade, or the gourmet center with sizzling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp, scampi-style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their brand new seafood-sane jok.
If that isn't enough to keep you satisfied, try the Dungeons Craven Ginger and Scallions, hand-carved, prime rib, the new Oriental Chicken Salad, and you won't find any crap, no MSG, no cornstarch, they cook only with the best ingredients, and they use only cholesterol for yours and all the cooking at the Emerald Coast as well.
They've got a full salad bar, sushi bar, first-room cocktail, and if by some miracle you have a little room at the end of the meal when you're full, just stuff in your face, check out the dessert station featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream without your favorite toppings, fresh fruit too.
So go and take the whole gang for a big feast at the Emerald Coast and sunrise your final on Pine Island or 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163 in North Miami Beach, and you'll find them at the intersection of flamingo and pembera roads and prestigious pembera pies.
Take the whole family, book your next business lunch in there. All size parties are welcome. Let the folks at the Emerald Coast do the cooking for you.
Take our delivery is available to here's the number to call 954-5723822 for information and reservations 954-5723822, the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
The Emerald Coast is 420 of my city, QAM.
From Bangian to Bhatt honey.
I'm a cheaper pervert than you'd smell.
Here's how I love that future flying through its smell. With my pants around my knees I've been down so I can see if there's another cheaper pervert there as well.
So after I get naked and go running all over the place I hope someone just like me will shoot golden showers in my face.
I'm a cheap pervert have your ears with stomach in my head. Hills and buddies turn. If my cock comes in at all I just leave that in the stall.
The excitement always makes my keepy swell. I'll let you pervert. I'll let you pervert. I'll let you pervert. Can't you sell?
It's from 18 at 560 WQ and we got a battle on at the hot couples contest Maggie and Tom 122 and Aaron and Brandon remain right on their ass 111.
It's going to be a good battle don't you think all we've lost?
Absolutely you can say you can smell it a million miles away. Here's the early returns on our pull. What was the most memorable scene movie scene of all time.
Horses head in the bed with Jack and a godfather 11. Robert Dubels. I love the smell of the napalm in the morning scene apocalypse now 8.
Sharon stones crotch shot and base against the 7. Michael kills a Salutsco and McCloskey and the godfather 7.
Amazement is Helen and I'm not going to take it anymore network 5. Darth Vader cuts Luke's hand off and the Empire's right back 4.
Ned Betty gets raped and delivered 3 and the others that were just getting to go on. You know what I'm saying we're just getting to go on.
Yeah, I don't know what it says. Do we have to many of the godfather already?
See you don't understand. There's no limit. Why would there be a limit? The question is let me read you the question again.
What was the most memorable movie scene of all time if we had 20 of them from the godfather what difference would it make?
Because we're asking people their opinion. Right. I was just taking that scene where he grabs Frato's face and I know it was your Frato. You broke my heart.
How about it? That was your most memorable scene in that movie.
I know but you said you broke my heart. You broke my heart?
Yeah, I thought that was just the way he grabs his head.
You got to be kidding me. That wouldn't even be my top half dozen. How about where he settles all family business and they kill all the heads of the 5 families?
How come nobody has put that on her yet? But I've been. That's it. That montage there. That segment certainly is right up there with Jack Walts with the horses head in the bed.
You're right. Yeah, I am right. Frato, you broke my heart? I have only one thing to say to a Boehner boy.
That's murder. I think your brain is going to suck. That's what I got to say to you. Oh, here's one that I like.
Mama, Mama Mia.
Here's the fact that it says when Meryl Streep had stacked Nichols in the face with a pie at the end of heartburn.
Okay, never saw it. Well, I didn't either. But we got a Boehner. Somebody said it's their most memory, a memory moment.
They liked it. It's metal jacket when private Gomer Pyle shoots the drill sergeant.
Says Robert who says also he's not a chronic factor. Thank you, Robert. You got it? We got it.
That's not as good a scene in that movie than when the sergeant first introduces himself.
Well, that may be I haven't seen that movie and I'm sure I wouldn't like it so much.
It's the beginning of it and I'm not throwing away. Okay, you won't like it. You mean like most of the other movies you recommend?
No, no, no, understand something. I don't recommend movies to you necessarily. When I say they're good, that doesn't mean necessarily that I think you would like them.
So now you're not. That's the only a beautiful mind. You endorsed hands down your pants and like it. If you ever watch it, you'll like it.
Okay, I'll tell you what between. Let's see, I got Thursday. I got another show. So between Thursday and next Tuesday, I'll watch the movie on my list.
I never recommended those to you. I don't think you're not.
Oh, starting. I mean, starting is an understanding. I mean do something.
Go ahead. You look there. You look there. Go ahead. Go ahead.
And they're in drinking and getting faster and getting a bunch of stupid cramp of the window.
What you watched is not what you think it is. Okay. I'll watch the rest of it. I'll give it a shot.
Okay, I like they said like Robert Dubal said in network. Why don't we give it a shot?
Remember that scene where Dalton, you know, eating their whatever they're eating?
What are they? They're eating breakfast. No, they're shut up. Rihans. That was at the big powwow.
Oh, remember that. When Frank Hackett and Ed, baby, I mean, Robert Dubal got up and made the speech about the network news division.
And William Holden was leaning back in his chair, looking at his buddy there.
What that was his buddy there. What was that Nelson? Nelson was the name of the...
I got to watch it again. Flunky in network president. What was the other guys now? James Ruddy.
There you go. Good memory. Edward James Ruddy died today.
And why is what does that have to do with the price of rice? Anyway, and why is that what it was?
I'm not going to start doing that horrible Howard Beothin. What a great movie. So underrated man.
And this is like Magnolia. You've got to be a moron. Not to see that movie network.
And we just blown away by it, especially now. And you look back 30 years ago.
Do you think Patty Transky wrote this over 30 years ago?
Especially in South Florida, where we had channel seven all these years with their three being circus that they claim is news.
With a psychics and the weather fairies and all this other crap they put in honor.
I mean, this man was so far ahead of his time. He was like the jewels, Vern H.
And you talk to people about that. Oh, I thought it was.
And what did you say? People say that it was shot like in that 70 style kind of like...
Yeah, that's right. It was Robert Altman. They don't like that.
It was not Robert Altman. It had nothing to do with it.
It was Robert Altman. Who the hell was it?
I don't know. One of those guys.
Just a lot of people don't like the pace of it. I don't understand it either. I agree with you.
But there are so many great scenes in that movie.
If you wanted to really press me, the writing even when the throwaway lines.
When Diana meets that the Lorraine Hobbes.
And she says, I'm a badass, calming nigger. I mean, that isn't one of the greatest lines in the history of movies.
God. What am I looking for? I'm looking for a network.
What the hell was his name? See now you got me.
Who did you say it was? What the director?
It was a Robert Altman.
What I've read was the director.
The director was Sidney Lumay.
Oh, Lumay. Not Lumay. Sidney Lumay. It's not Lumay.
Oh my God. Gold Lumay.
Pretty kinky condom.
Sidney Lumay.
You don't know your network. You're nothing, Mr. You don't know your network. You're worth a crap.
I'm a monster. I don't know what's going on in the face of anymore.
A lot of walks every month like you.
I haven't seen that movie in a car. I do have it on DVD.
The other one I'm going to watch it just out of spider. I'd rather watch it again 10 times.
Then watch the crappy, a beautiful mind.
Chris says, like to nominate the final yard in Burt's Reynolds longest yard.
Best cinematography ever in a sports movie.
Cinematography. Oh, you know what I love?
But I can't eat because I'm going to be in the past.
No, no, that too.
But in the airports about one of the few good places they got are those synabond places.
So what I do is I hang around there and I just smell it.
You know what I mean?
Poison will kill you.
No, but I just sniff it.
Sometimes something's really good. You want to sniff it.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, I can't eat it.
I'm going to sniff it.
Right.
The fifth place on the pole too.
Also, could you please play the zero song by Enrique?
And I will, because it happens to be in there. Chris must be psychic, because that's one of the 80 billion bits I put in here.
And please tell me on which disc I would find that. Yes, it's the first track on this year's best of it.
Oh, right.
So you answered Chris's question. There you go. Chris, you have to jackpot.
You got the final yard in Burt Reynolds longest yard.
We got it.
Okay.
I don't know what that means because I've been seeing it since the sports movie.
I don't watch sports movies. Okay.
Just like we got some people out there that don't watch soap operas, and they don't know what they're missing.
They're missing Sheridan on passions, who's still in the pit, by the way.
She's still down there.
Fifteen votes for Robert DuVals.
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning.
So you know, I'm going to go get the DVD today.
I'm going to watch the whole thing.
Isn't it, isn't about like three and a half hours or something?
It's a very long flick. Something like that.
Now, who is the director of that Alfred Hitchcock or Sydney Lumay?
The Merton.
Who was the director of Apocalypse Now?
Wasn't that Francis Ford?
It was.
Oh.
Horses had in bed with Jack and a Godfather.
It's tied for first place with fifteen hour talking.
Michael Kelsalotso McCluskey.
Godfather is God nine.
Why don't we put that on there?
The, the, the end scene?
Not just relax.
Michael settles all family business, the Godfather.
Got it.
Because that, that's the description of that montage there near the end of God.
The first Godfather is when they take over.
The club, the Fat Clemens is there.
He's got the shotgun.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
The elevator door opens and...
God, Bing!
And then of course there's Barthini.
He's walking down the stairs that he turns around.
He said, oops, I better go back up too late.
Too late Barthini.
Nice shooting, doesn't it?
It was, it was her slump.
Wasn't it near her?
That shot him in the bodyguard?
Yes.
Nice shot, Al.
26th pass known at 560 WQA.
It's Neil Rogers.
Some are, some are some savings going on right now.
See, at least I'm consistent.
I screwed up the wrong way every time I did this spot.
It's a big summer savings event presented by my good post-personal friends.
At least they used to be, used to be Tom Leman and Joe Creator at Halipondiac GMC.
Here's the list.
Here's what's going on.
Right now, Neil Deal number one.
At Halipkits yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neil Deal number two.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
And all you current and former military personnel get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halip.
Neil Deal number three.
Count them.
At least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as little as $289 a month.
It's a 36 month lease.
The folks at Halipondiac all about it.
And also now at Halipondiac you can still test drive a vehicle for 24 hours.
Take it home, take it to work, take it to the strip during while it's still open.
Anywhere you like.
As always, check out Halip's great selection of dependable pre-owned vehicles too.
And as far as credit is concerned, even if you used to hang out with Jeff DeForest, credit is never a problem when you shop at Halip.
Halipondiac GMC, there are 134-1 South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 right across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week.
For more info call the Neil Deal hotline, they'll split into you at 1-888-534-42011.
1-888-534-42011, don't forget all the Neil Deal's.
Subtract to credit approval.
So we'll see the folks at Halipond details.
That's at Halipondiac GMC.
They're unbeatable and they are professional grade.
I'll count reading this fact to you just so it says, what about the scene in deep thrill where Mo gets the facial?
Absolutely.
Anyway, says the guys are great actors.
Seriously, what about the scene in Godfather when Michael is at the baptism?
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm dancing.
The most kids you're saying that, Michael, it says and where all the families business get taking care of it's a great sequence.
That's what I just said.
Michael takes care of all family business from the Godfather.
And what I just said.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, this is Baccio.
This is most said effects again for two weeks so it won't be labeled a chronic PSF.
I'm trying to people in my office on you.
You know, I was hitting Dallas.
Let's hear it.
Oh, right.
Let's see.
Here's the facts that says don't forget the wonderful scene from it's a mad mad world, not the least of which is Ethel Merman being shaken upside down by Terry Thomas and Milton Burrell.
Although the main scene in my memory is Phil Silver is trying to get out of the dirt gorge in his old plow.
Desert gorge in his old plimuth and screaming at the little kid showing him the shortcut there down there.
Then rolling and skinny down the cliff into the river.
Oil training from behind the car came to mind immediately when you posted when you said, well, I'm very important.
Huh, I'm just groaning.
This is probably from Beaumont's because it's before your time.
I thought that movie.
I thought twice as a matter of fact.
I never saw that movie.
It's a mad mad mad mad mad mad.
We're holding on to that.
Corny.
Well, it's lobster.
What do you expect with Ethel Merman and Terry Thomas and Milton Burrell and Phil Silver?
Is you expect like serious dramas?
That would you expect?
It's porn.
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, here's one that says the best thing about the Duval scene.
The Colonel Kilgore in Apocalypse Now comes after he says he loves the smell of Napalm.
Martin Sheen is kneeling down stirring up a Duval who is still standing.
Duval turns the Sheen and says, you know, one day this war is going to end.
He looks so sad when he said it.
It's priceless.
You've got to see it.
His delivery was.
I'm going to go on good today.
I'm going to go right after the show.
I'm going to grab the grab me in Apocalypse Now.
Especially you'll probably wind up buying the director's cut because that's probably the only the one that's out there.
The Apocalypse Redux, which is four hours long.
Oh, now here's one.
How could we have left this out?
Thank goodness for the audience.
Al Pacino, a dog they have to know.
Addica.
Addica where he's waving a white hanky.
You bet.
Get that on your boner head.
Is he still there?
Yeah, yeah.
He's not leaving.
He got a, what do they call it?
He better not be leaving.
He better not be leaving.
He's had too many free passes from the teacher in the last few weeks.
You know what I'm talking about?
Too many of them pink slips.
The next thing slip he gets is going to be one from us.
Al Pacino, see that's what George says.
George likes to brow beat you like crazy.
Yeah, I love it.
I'm not serious.
You've got to boss somebody around.
Who else you've got to boss around?
It could be a little bit more.
It could be a little bit more.
I noticed Robert did not open a pot this morning.
I don't want to get distracted here.
But this just so the audience understands what about your hard-ass punks they got in that place where I spoiled rotten because our middle level management people won't put those people in their place.
Now Robert Greeper, who has got to be one of the most useless people on the face of the globe.
Okay.
The only useful thing is one time he let me in the studio when I forgot my keys one morning and you were later.
So remember that a couple of years ago.
Three, whatever.
Other than that, he's as useless as dog crap.
And he sits in there and he's going to like open the pot whenever he feels like it.
So you're on her Friday screaming and yelling from the open a pot so you can do the crossover with Burrell.
And he's like it's 1001, it's 1001, 30.
For else take another call.
It's over in our time.
That's not a crossover.
That's bull crap is what that is.
So this morning the word is for else got to go rushing out of there to the DMV thing to take care of taking care of business.
And he wants to do the crossover at 955.
Okay.
So he starts to break.
He starts to spots at 955.
So I figure a minute or two of.
I'm going to start whatever he said.
I'm going to cut in right.
You think that little bastard Robert Greeper,
that professional soft hating Jew right wing asshole, he don't open a pot to like right at 10 o'clock.
And I think that clearance and death ought to go in there and just beat the crap out of him or on straight in his little ass out.
Take away his to fill in.
Man, he's a obnoxious that kid.
Anyway, addica, addica, we got that.
We got it.
Good.
Now seriously, that business about what he always like.
Like we're kind of like prisoner to when if and when he decides to put us on, you know.
Who the hell is he maddening little schmuck?
Here's a call from beautiful Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
I don't know how anybody left out the shower scene from psycho.
Of course, right?
Definitive classic.
That's the that would be the classic answer to this question.
Okay.
And George is right about a beautiful mind.
Give it a shot.
Seriously.
I'm going to do it.
Okay.
But I hope you're right.
I am.
Okay, thanks.
I'm going to sue the both of you.
Look, you can't have a forward.
Like Reverend Joe said, like Reverend Joe said, there will be a lawsuit.
Reverend Joe.
Yeah, God.
There's no way that you have a shorter attention span than I do.
So if I got through the boring foundation, then you can.
But you got to keep one thing in mind.
And that is that I have when I go out to the store and I buy like a half of those in movies or four or whatever.
So I got I got all these things waiting for you.
I got a lot.
Shones in for the next one.
And I'm thinking, well, I'm not going to waste my time with this crack.
I don't understand.
I still have a lot sexy beast.
I still have a lot.
The cannibalism one.
What else I call the ravenous you started that you said it was a disgusting and you threw it away.
Well, I was watching it right in the middle of my dinner.
I'm not the best idea.
I'm waiting for your review.
It takes a lot to gross me out.
In fact, the only thing I've ever been grossed out in a movie was that train spotting.
I'm sorry.
I'm not going to watch it.
And that is not care.
That is not one that I'm going to go back and pick up where I left off.
I want you to give me your pony another visit to the bowl.
No problem.
I'll mail it to you.
And I need your review of sexy beast.
Because you haven't seen me yet.
I haven't seen anyone with my teeth.
Who recommended that to me?
In the audience.
Audience?
Oh, well, potluck.
I mean, I never thought the beast was too sexy myself.
But, you know, I haven't seen him in a while.
20 votes.
We got a good battle on this.
20 votes for the horse head and the bed and Godfather.
18 for Robert Duval and Napalm in the morning.
Michael Kylselotso and McCloskey in the Godfather.
15.
Sharon Stone's Croch Shot 11.
Fourth Russian Roulette and Deer Hunters got eight.
I never saw that either.
Was that worth seeing?
Yeah.
Was that a voice in that room?
No.
Is he?
Wait.
I'm trying to think.
Or was it Sydney Levy?
He might be.
He might actually be.
What do you mean he might actually be?
John Deer Hunter.
I didn't even see a movie.
I was pretty damn sure that John Voit was in it.
Look at that boner boy.
We're looking.
Nah.
I saw it.
Like ancient ages.
It's another Vietnam movie, didn't it?
Yeah, it just starts out in Vietnam.
But it's more about them.
See, I can't stand watching it because it is so disturbing.
We brought 55,000 kids back in body bags.
You think we might have learned our lesson?
No.
No.
But the polls are starting to show that the public is finally catching on.
Okay.
When you lie to the public so many times, Deer Hunter, four stuff, four bones.
Robert De Niro, Christopher Walken, Merrill Streep, John Savage, George.
Oh, it's John.
Nah, I can't wait.
John Kazal.
What's the movie I'm thinking about with John Voit, the Vietnam movie?
Uh.
Somebody will.
Somebody will know.
We don't have.
We don't have the time.
There was my 600 page book back on the floor.
Okay, 21.
We'll get a whole bunch of men there before 1 o'clock to add on there because once 1 o'clock
comes, it's, you know, you know what it is.
It's great is what it is.
It is going to be great.
I'm going to look forward to playing a lot of good stuff like some of these things that you already heard this morning that you've never even known where they came from.
Where the hell has that been?
Forgot they existed.
Forgotten memories.
That's right.
Speaking of that, if you forgot where your hair was, maybe you left it in the drawer.
In the dresser.
Can you imagine more walking out of there without his muskrat one morning?
Wouldn't that be great?
I think it's glued on.
Especially since you've got a neat little camera.
Anyway, Charles Hoppe area is designed and supplied hair systems to the big shots, to low shots, little shots, and middle shots as well.
Because everybody with a brain knows that this is the best looking hair system at any price you'll find anywhere.
The natural hair line system.
What that means is it looks like real hair like it's growing out of your scalp.
In other words, if you walked up to somebody never knew you before, they'll think it's your real hair.
Instead of like some dead thing, out of the top of your head and everybody's laughing and talking about you behind your back all the time.
You know who I'm talking about, don't you?
Absolutely.
And right now Charlie's offering his summer special hair system, only 549 bucks for first time customers.
You could look better and younger than you dreamed you ever could again.
If you already have some kind of a piece, you can say 50% on service and repair and all types of hair systems including shampoo and trim.
And with the experts at Charles Hoppe areas, they can usually make it look a hell of a lot better too.
Here's the deal you got nothing to do with your hair.
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Pork Sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, as someone who told me 25 years ago that I've been making bagels, I've said, huh?
That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels.
Well the bagel greases slab of Timmy Dean pork sausage on it.
New Timmy Dean non-coachier bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can eat them.
New Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
Oh!
45 and thank you very much, John Voitman will be coming home.
Thank you whoever affects that drink.
Thanks.
Let's see, Paul says destruction of the USS Enterprise in Star Trek III, the search for Spock.
Got it?
We got it.
Okay.
Horses head and the bed is reading by a vote.
That's right.
Why?
Horses head and bed.
After they filled the him wood ledge.
And here's a fact from Ted in Miami.
Oh, seriously?
It said.
The one see I keep having nightmares about is McCauley Cuck and holding his ugly push and screaming after splashing with after shaving a homelone.
It said it's similar to most play by play, whatever that means, because I didn't see homelone.
Because I wouldn't watch McCauley Cuck and I just had to move it for a little kids, right?
Yeah.
Oh, the brain eating scene in Hannibal.
Okay.
Was that with or without the phaba beans and the key anti?
Okay.
Brain eating scene in Hannibal, you got it?
Got it.
Got it bonehead boy.
Okay, let's get a whole bunch more her in this last few minutes.
Here's a call from Fort Myers, hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, the scene I personally ruined my childhood was Linda Blair's head spinning in the exercise.
Okay, but when you see Linda here,
it goes out for like a lot of hours of that, you know?
Yeah, well, she was fluent stuff too, but it was fun to run once completely, I guess.
Yeah, well, when she spun her head all the way around, it was a real head turner, right?
Yeah, so that just held it for me.
And then we love to show and down with no.
Thanks, Pallie.
What do you say about Moe?
Motion only cropped?
Absolutely.
I thought that's what he said.
So you got that on there?
We got it.
The head turner and excesses when Linda spins it all the way around.
Well, there's another one.
You're really a highly underrated movie brilliant.
Now who directed that?
I don't know, Sydney Lumaine.
The power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
Seriously, who did direct the excesses?
I mean, that's really freaky.
William Friedkin.
William Friedkin.
See, just as it came to me, you had interrupted in spoiler for me there, Benny Boine Boyd.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Bring me more.
Just as finally I remembered something and he like a moot.
Yeah.
William Friedkin.
Oh, yeah.
I think he ran away with the Sydney Lumaine.
22.
We got a tie between Robert Dubell.
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning and the horse's head in bed with Jack Walts.
Michael Kilsalotso and McCluskey has only got 15 still in third place.
He didn't better than that.
That was such a fabulous scene where he walked in there with the old-fashioned toilet and test your explain them about the chain, you know.
Uh-huh.
Just make sure it's in there.
I don't want my brother coming out of there with just his thing in his hand.
We let the loud on purpose.
It scares away any pain in the ass.
Yeah, this is not the feral show.
I can't say dick on his show.
No.
No.
It's careful.
1248 at 560 WDQM, 5607 05 60 pound, 560 on the 18 and T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Full metal jacket.
The scene where what is your major malfunction?
Right.
The drill sergeant's introduction of himself to his troops.
Exactly.
Okay.
And also the, uh, you know, that's a Stanley Cooper, Cooper Guest directed that one.
Directed which?
Full metal jacket.
Full metal jacket, yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
You did it.
I felt and restraints for that scene.
That opening scene of full metal jacket.
I watched you in that movie.
No, you don't need to.
Just that one scene.
I'm not watching.
I'm not going to go on by a movie.
No, no.
You can't.
I'm not going to go on by that channel.
You see it listed.
Just, uh, so I did see I saw the last hour of frailty the other night and came in midstream.
Because it was already around.
And I saw frailty on it.
Oh, and I looked at the schedule.
I was about to see an hour of it.
Uh, I would, I would definitely go out and get it, but I'm certainly not going to do it now to see the first 40 minutes or whatever.
No, wait for it to come on again.
Yeah.
I can't remember if the first 40 minutes were really important to the unit.
It was fine.
If you want to see that there are a bunch of religious nut cases out there, that was fine.
And any of the kids like, uh, kneeled down, shot in the basement.
I was like, you know, a kid kept you all wearing Sheridan.
I'm looking for it down here.
I can't find Sheridan.
She just rained them out.
But at any rate, yeah, it was good.
It was, uh, it was okay.
It was good.
Not great.
Just good.
Like Fargo, for example, I still haven't found that.
Although I do love him.
Oh, man, William H. Macy.
Well, then you're really like it.
What the hell did I see him in just the other day?
I saw him in some other flick that I never heard of and I can't think what the hell in
Ampete is.
He was great.
Well, he was great in Fargo.
Oh, I know what it was.
It was a movie about anti-Semitism where he got, he puts on glass.
He buys a pair of glasses.
I don't know what the name of that movie is.
And it makes him look Jewish.
And the Jewish family in the neighborhood, the one really Jewish family.
And the guy runs like a, uh, a magazine store and whatever newsstand.
And, uh, all the red necks in the neighborhood are out to get him and beating him up and everything.
And I think William H. Macy is Jewish.
You never saw that movie?
No, I don't know.
Maybe if you remember the title.
Well, that's so fun.
That's the whole point of this.
It's to show just how feeble minded we are.
Just some pantomime.
Here's for Lauderdale, huh?
Yale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, first of all, the pop-list now, the lead-up version, even though it is a redigilously long,
it really is well worth washing.
Uh, the extra 30 or so minutes, really, it's questions about the story, uh, not scattered in the script.
Okay.
Um, you said you've only been, uh, I think you said nauseated by one thing in a movie that was playing spotting.
Right.
Have you seen we were solders with no gifts?
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
I know you're going.
There's a city of Inverine.
The burn.
I was fairly sure you will be both sides.
Uh-huh.
Um, as far as other memorable scenes, uh, nobody's mentioned the 17 minute Omaha deep scene from the Saving Pride Orion.
And, um, the tune has the, um, uh, did you see them bring the, uh, the salsa quite that way.
Okay.
That's a point.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
Thank you.
I'm looking up, Polly, Macy, so we don't have to, uh, I got to know the name of that movie.
One moment, please.
See the problem with his book.
Oh, it's got, it's got directors.
It's got, uh, so many different listeners in the back that you don't know what that you're looking at.
You follow what I'm saying?
No, what?
Oh, here's Ralph Montio.
So it must be getting to the really good stuff.
Uh, uh, Jack McGrawrin, uh, Ellie McGraw, whatever, have an alley McGraw, did she die?
No.
You sure she just got old and ugly?
Or did she die in the movie?
Let's see, I'll tell you what turned into a real basket case was Ryan McNeil.
The name of all kinds of health problems.
I am a Neil Cran.
From love story.
Any relation to Ryan O'Neil?
Ryan, well, what difference does it make?
What do you make?
Macy.
Focus.
That's the movie.
First one on the list.
First one on the list.
Focus.
You never saw that?
Never heard of it?
No, I'm writing it down though.
I mean, it's not my list.
It's, uh, I mean, not in the same class with Magnolia or something like that, but it was pretty good.
He's a great actor.
Yes, he is.
I think he had a wife in his movie, so I guess it was just before we hit the bars.
Flashcore wife in the park.
Why?
For home and the bell, tools, for love.
I just want to see focus.
I just want to see what it says.
You'll see.
Flashcording.
Oh, for a movie review.
Not for a Wallymage Macy movie.
No, I'm going to go on the ground.
Two and a half bones on focus based on the 45 novel by playwright Arthur Miller.
The exploration of anti-Semitism and bigotry, yadi yadi yadi yadi.
Wallymage Macy Laura Durn.
Meetlof was in there.
You know, I'm going to be telling you this is the kind of part he played.
Fat guy.
Okay, let's get some of these in here for the list.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
How you doing?
I don't see the very good topic, but I think it's personal, you know, according to different people.
Because a memorable scene could be like, for instance, my most memorable scene of a movie I've seen in the last like two years
was the recubes scene of the last like five minutes on the whole, you know, asked to ask scene and all that.
Right.
When they're doing all that, how do you call it, a whole, like, everything, it's not like one's the montage.
The montage.
The montage, that's the way I was looking for it.
The whole montage is the music and the background.
Well, that was incredible.
Yeah, that was a thing, yeah.
But I would have to say that another memorable scene in the movie for me, I'm always wanting to.
So I'm going to say recent movies was when there's something on Marywind.
It's that gets a lot on the pan.
That whole scene is amazing.
Well, that's the Hollywood should be like it was memorable.
I was really memorable especially for him.
Yeah, that was really memorable.
Okay.
From old movies, I would have to say the whole last scene from Costa Blanco, a country boar in front of the plane.
Here's looking at you, kid and all that.
That was a great scene.
Okay, got you down.
Thanks.
You got it down?
What?
We're not putting cars of blank in that.
Well, he's got these guys there.
Are we putting the ass to ass in Requiem?
About just the end montage from Requiem.
The end montage.
Yeah, I put the ending montage.
That's what I had.
That's what I was looking for.
Okay, well, we got to get something from Requiem for a dream honor.
And then of course we had people that didn't like that too, including Miguel.
Oh, I don't know.
What?
That is so sad.
That child.
Well, he needs to be hypnotized and be deep brainwashed.
He needs to have his mind purged.
He was trying to get a hold of you yesterday while you were, I guess you had us off.
And you were playing the record for a dream soundtrack.
I guess you were recording it to the end.
How the hell did he hear that?
Because we put you in queue to see what you were doing.
If I don't have the return pot open, you can't hear what I'm playing here.
Guess again.
You can?
I guess so.
The return pot is so you can hear us.
I see so in other words, okay, great.
I'll keep that in mind.
So let me see if these frogs that you emailed me.
If this is, because I got the message on here, but it says not a no forwarded message attached.
And there's nothing there.
And I'm looking at it.
I might have to go through crap.
Nah, you did it.
You screwed it all up again.
George, you're screwed it all up.
I just forwarded it.
There's nothing to screw up.
Well, it didn't come through.
Because it's an animation.
I might have to go through it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Missed to have 3 or 5 cities all the way as we go.
The bus and the scale tune rear footage went down to the Sun and narrower with the sliding Fans.
Spikes ahead of the turn is not an excellent level.
Supuca convinced that some vehicle, broken off by a rocket to the lack of speed lockdown operator's power could be boosted.
It is cold, it is so fricking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows In my pants something is shrinking
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync
That's because it's zero baby And I cannot feel my toes
There's a tingling in my fingers And my pride with ponder fruits
All my notes is about to follow There's a cloud every time that I thought
And my hands are blue They are turning numb
They might hand you dead my thumbs
That's because it's zero baby I can barely move my mouth over
I'm a red hat like the lover But first I need to be gone out
Yes I need to be gone out That's because it's zero
That's it for you
All the world loved Harry Potter in the Sorcerer's Stone
And now he's back in theaters And this time he's traded in his wand for a 44 Magnum
Zerdy Harry Potter
Go ahead punk cast my spell
Zerdy Harry Potter nothing is as enchanting as a trigger happy sociopath
bumping off the bad guys with tough guy catchphrases and a little touch of wizardry
A man's got to know he's in cantations
Zerdy Harry Potter he's making his own rules and cleaning up Hogwarts Academy one creep in a time
I know what you think it did he cast six spells or only five
I'd say the truth in all this excitement I can't lost track myself
But being this is a 44 Magnum The most magical handgun in the world and would blow your head clean old
You can ask yourself one question Do I feel lucky?
Would you? Muggle?
Zerdy Harry Potter if it's anything like the first Harry Potter film it'll make a fistful of dollars
Zerdy Harry Potter is rated IQ 13
Seconds to die for a crime he didn't commit
I don't think it was second slam
Now on the lap he seeks to clear his name
Never should've seen it right now
Only the one on man knows the truth
You lost soldier team
I couldn't be free
Where he goes?
The police are at his heel
Harry and his shuttleman charge with a violent cross
The soldier team starring Moe High as the captain of your arm
I want to win a win at Unketish
Flaring fought as the one armed man
I didn't do it right
Me too well
And Curly Howard of the lost soldier team
The soldier team rated R for
Oh for those nights are you feel like a woman
You're a Muggle you feel like a woman
I feel like a woman
But it makes me get one
That's the time for lady brute
And the retarded at the precinct
I smell like a man
Which I hate
So I splish on somebody's stuff you know
And then I head down to the bar
Hey you got a problem with that?
Spongebob
Lady brute when you feel like a woman
Curly!
Chuck K
Yeah you want a dick?
You from Faggers A
Here's Andrew Dice play for Dizaroni
Alright let's say you're eaten
You sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes
And that stolt hop s***
Do like me honey eat this
Dice a ronnie
Come on it's almost as simple as you
Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot
And you turn on the f***ing stove
You think you can manage that honey
Hey what up being the f***ing thing's done
So remember Yankee Doodle came to town
Righting on a pony
Stuck a feather off his ass
Take cold it Dice a ronnie
Dice a ronnie
Dice a ronnie
Dice a ronnie
It's a full fledglybrow
Out the bar
Out the bar
Let me get this one dad
I said he
Yes
Hunting the wild raving liberal
Is just one of the swell things you can do
At George Bush Gardens
You want rights?
Well George Bush Gardens has them
There's the pirates of hideover in Scandalland
The civil rights carousel
We've got that one running backwards
And here comes my favorite
Bush Mountain, the world's only flat rolling coaster
Oh there's Danny the clown
I'm the vice president Yankee
What a foe though
So visit George Bush Gardens
Come wrapped in an American flag
And get in for half-ice
George Bush Gardens
Every day seems like
For years
George Bush Gardens
Where everyday seems like four years of interstate 95
In Panama, Fort
I have you in the mail tonight
The baggage was blown and plain
If you were looking bad at me
I'd say it couldn't see
I'd come wrapped you right there
Looking like the gears in
I would feel a lack of jump
I couldn't find the boat
I'll say
I'll raise my top
You
I
I
I
I
I
I
Must have played
She's rising all the floor
She's like
It's a dude with an energy
Blown her up for some love
It was all the rage that I tried to gauge
She started to play
So I won
Blown her up for some love
Blown
She has doubts that's made of plastic
She's floating towards the fan
She's floating in her head
Her knees moved
With my girl, the bone
Blown her up for some love
She was also nice
Of a vision device
I love to feel her up
So I won
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Blown her up for some love
Ok
Ok
Yes
Don't leave
Don't make me feel fine
Huh?
Don't make me feel fine
Huh?
Absolutely
Can't you see it?
Can't you see it?
Okay
What
Okay
I want to give you a kiss for a rock on the national geographic special
After 14 months it's the
Shakristo observes subtle changes in his cruise behavior as we enter the
Saragas or sleep I notice that Philip as a movie's wet suit and slipped into a provocative
Sock Teddy with matching French cap and this I am a guest by the entire crew of the clip so
I suddenly changed into a picaboul on Jare and for some pleasure
Till miss the season premiere of the underwear world of Jakkisto the sea is a strange mistress and so is my first meet
Tonight on PBS
It's the all new leave it to be where starring Barbara Billingsley
You bowed on
Tony down and Clint Eastwood as the beaver
You really get there beaver I don't see any kids beware why do you idiot it's 14 karat gold
That's your fair fever beaver's got a cool ring Judy doesn't look like real goals me
Hey, Judy bite me
I'm not allowed to bite stuff I go to the orthodontist
All right then Judy bite this
You really showed her beaver yeah you really showed
America's favorite TV psychic is back with a new twist on his old show I'm John Edward in my new show
I contact the dead and tell their relatives what they're really saying it's crossing over the line with John Edward
Hey, I'm getting something older woman very short very round very drunk
I'm getting the name Phil oh my god
She wants you to know that I'm getting your husband is cheating on you and
His mistress apparently is not faking it like you did
People can see all and now thanks to John Edward they're telling all
You have a dead brother
You're not pulling anybody your whole family knows
And later night as the penalties
Crossing over the line with John Edward it's like the Jerry Springer show with a lazy boy
Oh, yeah, yeah you two will be have a good day in paradise okay?
They can lost your fucking bottom
You are David yeah, that's right star a stage screen and paradise say you look like we'll chamber that's
Because I is will jiblin. Yeah, but you're dead. So are you make it behind the car?
What's wrong? What I said get move when you want to what do you what do you require?
How do you think hey?
Hands off the merchandise screen
All right
Focus down here in the garage. Hey, what do you require of me? I require you drive your pants now?
I'll see here right now
I don't care about we are
You like it?
Okay, I'm not drunk here is that nice?
That's it. Wind over now. Yes
Now
The screen like a pig
The guy
That's weird
Say that's kind of nice
Where you going don't I get it dinner
You jiblin. Keep it going
Have you ever had to explain me your parents your offense?
I have downloaded things I masturbated again
Seemed all the time I had my eyes on the boobs and be high
Sicking the mind but I used to do that all of the time
Every morning noon and night I hit a point of sight
A bonafide for birded sex like go in my own right
There were places I found with lots of horny bifchicks
So my desktop got those gay bags
All 20 gigs until one day my mother discovered this will be porn-o-lover
Kicked me rotten the behind told me my mind's in the gutter
And she pulled my dad about this stuff on my cell
My computer made me a loser and could lend me an hell
I'm sorry mom
I never thought that you could be
All those naked girls and guys are tonight
I'm cleaning up my hard drive
One more time I'm sorry mom
I never thought that you could be
All those naked girls and guys are tonight
I'm cleaning up my hard drive
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and start them
When a woman has only one hit song
She can either give up the business and work in retail
Or simply marry Paul Simon and give a big f*** you to the world
Way to go, eat a brick out
Well, I remember when I first recorded what I am
I had been playing the clubs with my band and the new Bohemians of course
And well, yeah that's really interesting eating
So what's Paul Simon like in the sack?
What?
He seems like God of a nevish you know
But sometimes those short and erotic guys have a pretty decent package
Look, um, could we out of respect talk about music?
Okay, I'm sorry, let's talk about music
Okay, thank you
That Paul Simon sure is some songwriter
I love you can call me out
Hey, hey look cut that out
You're right, Edie, I'm sorry
Let's talk about you
All right then, as I was saying
What a f***ing brilliant idea
I mean you have one hit, you can tell your career is going down the tube
So what do you do?
You bang a legend
My hat's off to your bed
You know what, I'm going to sue you people
Tell the truth, as Garfunkeliver come over for a three way
Go to hell
Eat your kill
It's so easy to get there off
It's a big juicy stopping what look at your business tonight
On inside the behind
Any other cool thing about heads?
It's me, Janet moves the granite renal
And I am hot man, I am key old
Just plain old, hacked off
What in the name of Sam Hill Haffin is what I want to know?
First they had trouble with dangling chants
Now they got these touchscreen jobbies that don't work worth a crap
I think they got them from JetBlue
They're some of them old ones, they used to play electronic poker on
I mean, heavens to b**cy
This is voting, it's serious
I know that after the recap, I will beat a victor
Entually let me clarify, I will still beat Janet
But I'll also beat victor, Kapiche
I got half a mind to get my red toyota 4x4 pick up and head down to Havana
I'll load up some locals and put this thing over the tap
The biggest problems were indeed in Broward County's
Two of my strongest areas
I mean I personally slept over 4,000 men and women in those aforementioned areas
Which should have secured me certain victory
But instead I got to put a hold ski on my new victory party
The hammers and nails I'm freaking
Not to mention in the middle of this full mess a crap
One of my beans went bad on me
I'll bet you dollars to donuts that little bastard Ilian Gonzalez had something to do with this
Either that or that DM Marino
I never bought into that whole Iced-Hunter Glove-Dealy Bab
You ain't heard the last from Janet Bluebs at Granite Renal Florida
That's her damn sure
Speaking of Alia, we haven't heard sister Jean in a coupons, they do you know?
No, I'm Jonesing
And maybe coming up
127, let's see on the movie pool what the most memorable movie scene of all time
30, 30, look at that
FOT 30, man
For both of them
Horses heading bed would jack Waltz in a godfather 30
Robert DuVell, I love the smell of something in the morning, Nepom
I also got 30
Top 5, three of them are from the godfather, ready for that?
Michael Siddles, all family business during the baptism got 24 already
That went on very late
Sharon Stone's crotch shot 20 and base against him
And Michael Kills Salotz on McCluskey
Wanted to enjoy that delicious meal
Has got 20
Hey, if you're in a dead end job as college maybe too expensive and you certainly don't have four years to wait for a life to come along
If you can afford 10 bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months
Fast trinket up you achieve a new high-paying computer career
That's right
Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individual sue qualify
So call our friends at Fast Train, they'll give you all the details with no obligation called 866 Fast Train
And because they got four locations in South Florida, there's bound to be one close by you
They're in Miami, Kendall, Timberpines and now in four-lotted ale as well
Fast Train offers day evening weekend schedules, drop placement and hands-on training
So call Fast Train today and talk to a train career counselor
One, 866 Fast Train, you'll be amazed at how much cash you can start ricketing real soon
Fast Train's deferred payment is valid for a year
Regular payments apply thereafter, whether you're in high school student on summer break
Somebody an other underpaid at dead end job like Beener Boy just looking to increase your net worth
Call Fast Train today toll free 1, 866 Fast Train, be sure to tell them the Todd Director would make that call
Or check them on the worldwide wicked web at fasttrain.com
We're supporting your FICES from UAM
Check the pants
Sister G, the dancer machine, a sweet and unworthy puppy feet
Check the gyre of Trinidad B, sister G, the dancer machine
Sister G, is eccellency, fatty, athlete, doctorate, born without a winger lead
She can shake that pasty knee
She was quite a side of flying the mic looking like a real food and simple
Look at her nose, swinging high and low with the more dreadful little shoes
Sister G, the dancer machine, an eccellency, a perfect thing
She'll not do off your feet when you hear her whaling sing
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turned me on
I know it sounds happy but I'm pretty glad that I'm happy that you didn't get it gone
Sister G, a sweet and unworthy, a shaken fountain, so much fun
That ain't bad for 85, then that nut can really fly
Sister G, the dancer machine, she is Turkey
Sister G, the dancer machine, a sweet and unworthy puppy feet
Check the gyre of Trinidad B, sister G, is eccellency, fatty, athlete, doctorate, born without a winger
Did you ever think when you're in Chinese?
It ain't pork or chicken but a fat-sime.
Yet the food tastes great so you don't complain.
But that's not chicken in your chicken-chown main.
Seems to me I ought to sweeten sour pork.
But Garfield's on my fore.
He's burned here on my fore.
There's a cat in the kettle at the weekend.
The place that I eat every day at noon.
They could feed you cat and you'll never know.
Once they wrap it up in no voice.
They fight real Christendot.
Chaolin asked if I wanted more as he was dialing up his buddy at the old.
That star said not today I lost my appetite.
That's two cats in my belly and they wander fright.
I was sucking on a rolling and the tongues were two.
When I swear I heard it meew.
And that is when I knew.
There's a cat in the kettle at the weekend.
I think I got to stop feeding there at noon.
They say that it's people official pork.
But it's burned there on my fore.
There's a hairball at my fore.
Are you a terrorist who started paying outrageous prices for your tools of one-on-destruction?
In other crazy estimates, these counts terrorism are house.
Hey, even though you're a delinquent Islamic fundamentalist killing machine.
You stand on a bargain with your sealine.
All weekend long it's a big car bomb blow on spectacular by a car packed with over 1000 pounds of explosives.
It's real conditioning because when you're getting ready to drive into a building and blow your head off,
you want to be cool and comfortable.
How can I do this?
I'm crazy.
So it's like you today only buy one schemas to hit 5-3 available in black, red, toy toys and stuff.
Because when you're confronting the great state and not as United States, you want to look sharp.
5 pounds? We get to 5 pounds.
5 pounds for so much scrap, your evil American targets will be wishland, dixie up the other side of the glass.
Buy one, 5 pounds? If they set a brass knuckle free.
Perfect for the next time you get your wife without her veil.
Come on your face, face screaming, dead of a sludge.
So come to crazy, I've committed this count terrorism warehouse where we're declaring holy war on prices.
Break the law!
Come back!
Absolutely.
Two more sounds for so long.
A true sound in aqua-bottom.
All right.
Time, next to both of them, believe me.
21-2-5-60.
I'm a battle, but not as high as it was on the high-couple contest.
Maggie and Tom, 158 votes.
Aaron and Brandon, 132.
They need to get it up.
Okay.
Alexa and Mandy, 51.
Her solid third, Alexa and Mandy.
Natalie and Adam, 32.
I'm sorry, sorry, Adrian.
Yo, Adrian.
And Rich and Shale got 31.
They keep trying their persistence.
Persistence will pay off someday.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what?
I don't know.
How's Beena boys?
He's gone.
He's got a continual tattoo on you.
I don't want him to get a lot of there.
So when I'm dubbing stuff later on, I wonder if I've been a boy's list of them when I'm dubbing.
Not that I really care what they're doing to make.
Maybe I'll do like a little miniature show in the middle, too, just in case.
That'd be great.
What a shmuck.
Man, I can't believe it.
Talk about too much time on your hands.
No, you can't.
You can't even ask me if you were still around.
And I told them why.
I don't know.
He'd cue button and see you.
For what?
What the hell did he want?
I'd say.
He said he'd tell you today.
He wanted a date, damn it.
My luck.
You know what I'm saying?
All these years.
What time is it now?
He's not that good.
Believe me, I can walk outside right now.
Miguel, I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart.
You're old meat.
You know what I come to.
What is it?
He's off today anyway.
Oh, but he's off.
When time comes to have your carpets looking just like brand new, you want to have them dry clean.
And the only people in the world do that.
My good friends at dry concepts.
Over 20 years they've been doing my carpets.
In fact, a week ago, today, they were in my house and the rumor is that they did a spectacular job, as always.
Dry concepts that are born carpets cleaning company for a long time in town.
The only one like I said that dry cleans your carpets because it's an exclusive pet,
the method that sucks out the deep-down dirt and makes your carpets look and smell and feel just like you had brand new laid.
And right now, dry concepts offers you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call dry concepts tool free.
1-800-248507.
One has to be put under stand by list.
And then dry concepts will call to the next time they have an open-linear schedule.
Just like when you fly standbytes, the same kind of a deal.
If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price.
So call dry concepts today and has to be put under stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you on the same day.
You call and that'll save you 15% off the already outstanding, the lower price of the job.
And speaking of price, don't forget.
They'll give you a guaranteed written price before they start the work.
So call them today.
They'll never let you down for a stupendous job and having your carpets and drapey and a poster you're looking just like brand new.
Call dry concepts in 1-800-248-5071.
Now my pen is this which we're going to fight for?
You way up.
Can you or are you touching me?
I can tell where you end and I begin.
My skin is your skin.
We are one.
Is that how you dealt it or you who snouted?
Where it wasn't me.
Was too.
Was not.
Was too.
Calvin Klein's repulsion.
Oh, this is memory.
And now the league of retarded citizens will promote their edition of Green Onion.
Don't make fun.
They won't be hard for this.
I'm not going to let you down.
I'm not going to let you down.
I'm not going to let you down.
And once you found political life, got you down and brought you to this just money, not.
And you find Americans also stupid and their presidents got.
Then you know it's time to move on.
200,000 troops have now been sent by the US with 50,000 written troops in place.
The coalition now has 40 countries for less and 15 who don't want to give their names.
The Prime Minister will soon be asked for 90s to leave.
This job is done so why not should he care?
I've been keen with the collider group and weekly will be.
For the light bulb, listen to Tony Blair.
The coalition stands to watch your back for the attack as a share of support and their good faith.
And with no carrier in the oboe at the course whose Pakistan, our credibility goes quite a way.
If the more true must the collider, your nature will be there.
With Mr. Blair deciding what to take.
We have a level age for fair, post year, strengthen, and pay.
Or would you like some of my sport to take?
Look out, Southern Zayn.
Look out, Southern Zayn.
George pushes catch your name.
Look out, Southern Zayn.
He says we know.
We know just what you're doing.
Look out, Southern Zayn.
You've been a very knight boy.
Open a very knight boy.
You're a fellow bunch of new.
Oh, Southern, you'll get you.
You'll get you.
He's got some missiles pointed at you.
And he'd love to bomb and rock.
Back into the middle of the ages he'd love to.
He'd love to, love to, love to, love to.
George W is the President.
He is the President.
And Congress wants him to explain.
What?
To explain.
They say what to do.
What do you think you're doing?
Do you think you're doing?
You said we're gonna take him out.
You're gonna take him out.
Look out, Southern Zayn.
We love you.
We love you.
You should have bought your missiles at you.
And he'd love to bomb and rock.
Back into the middle of the ages he'd love to.
He'd love to, love to, love to, love to.
He'd love to, love to, love to, love to.
560 WQ AM presents the OP and Anthony Shaw with Mohawar David.
This is OP.
And I'm Anthony.
You're waiting today.
It's me with a low voice.
Oh.
Yeah, you got the affected voice.
Okay.
Hi, Anthony.
Yeah, hi, OP.
And let's not forget our old pal, Mohawar David, Anthony.
Yeah, I was wondering how long we'd take for you
to punch the girl around for me.
I really hit the big time, huh?
Here I am with the OP and Anthony.
Hey, Mohawar.
Take off your pants.
Yeah, we're gonna rape you now.
You gotta be kidding me.
This is a family show.
Ah.
Wrong.
This is the OP and Anthony show.
Now come on.
Strap, but you guys only did that in church.
Hey.
Get that in there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
That's what I don't have.
I don't touch my delicate subtender.
Why does everybody want to rape me?
Why does we think it's funny?
That's why.
Yeah, you got a nice back.
I got those for you, pal.
Hey, I'm still sprying.
Why, why, why, you're a papa like you out?
Oh.
I got a nice side, OP.
Oh.
What the red ball?
And after this.
All right, my open wipe for chunky.
Let's sing it for Giver now, shall we?
Okay.
Open wipe for chunky.
All right.
That's thanking Anthony.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's...
Yeah.
Use your lips.
No, chief.
No, chief.
I should've done this.
I'm sorry.
Ready for some speedy ball.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to mean that.
Yeah.
I really saw it that.
That's a busy by now.
I know I was fooling around.
Yeah.
Well done.
Yeah.
Okay.
Take that away, ball.
Take it away.
Thanks.
What?
You're just going to leave me here.
We'll be right back.
I'm 560.
Absolutely.
See the nice way I chopped that at the end.
Nice.
Oh, well, nothing's perfect.
151 at 560.
WDQ.
Oh my god.
A good battle there.
What was the most memorable movie scene of all time?
Robert Duval.
I love the smell of something in the morning.
From a pocket lips now.
I got to go out there and get there right now.
33.
Horses head in the bed with Jack Walsk and the godfather's 31.
Michael settles all family business during the baptism.
25, but it's moving up there fast.
Sharon Stone's crotch shot 23.
And Michael kills Salutson Makloski and Louise.
21.
Everybody else under 20.
Got it.
Got it.
8 minutes till 2.
We got to mad dog today.
2.
In fact, we got close to a real schedule today for most of the day.
Mad dog at 2.
Hank at 4.
7 o'clock, you got the big.
Oh.
Then we got to major league, I'll start a game 8 o'clock tonight.
And he came following us to baseball game.
Joanne Mark overnight, 2 to 5 at 8.
And they newly recid.
Mohawar David.
At 5 at 8.
Absolutely.
How many more years do you think he's going to want to get up like 3 o'clock in the morning?
About 30, man.
I want to tell you great place anytime.
I'm going to open anyway the Emil Coast Chinese buffet.
Get the whole gang together real soon.
Get everybody in the orifice together.
All your family's, relatives, friends, whoever.
Strangers off the street.
Head for the Emil Coast because I guarantee you want to leave there with a big smile on your push.
And you'll be Gazuntan Pupka as they say in red China.
They got three locations for it.
They're in sunrise north by movie.
And the newest location is in Pembroke Pines.
Start out by trying one or two or three or all of their six great soups.
And then try a whole bunch of fantastic entrees.
Not just the Randall stuff.
Both kinds of other goodies too, like New York Stripstake made order.
At the gourmet center, there's sizzling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampi style.
Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their new seafoods saying Jacques.
If that isn't enough to keep you full, try the new dungeon as crab and ginger and scallions.
Hand-carved, primary of cooked order just the way you like it.
And the new Oriental Chicken Cellum.
Don't ever forget.
What sets them apart from all the other Chinese restaurants they don't use any MSG.
No cornstarch, no cramp.
And they cook only with cluster all three rolls at the Emerald Coast.
And if you have any room left at the end, they got a full dessert station featuring pies.
And cakes, pastries, ice cream and all of your favorite toppings.
And fresh fruit as well, a perfect ending to a gigantic pickup.
You'll find the Emerald Coast in sunrise, Panayla to 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North by me.
Beech in at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines.
Let them do the cooking for you at the Emerald Coast.
Take out the delivery available to call 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for info on the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Ride in local down your sports video 560s, you a**!
First, there was Ben and Jerry.
Now there, something new.
Hi, I'm Neil.
I'm Bob.
Have a taste.
Yes, new Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream.
What exciting new flavors like,
Fudgey-Cle surprise, Blueberry and Sorbet Hind.
Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream, have a look.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb that people give
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there to Samantha.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
Add a rag has some.
Mampons of past destruction.
3,000 people killed.
Are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
Going after sedan too.
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of.
The name been lauded, but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this heart-gathering
administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
Add a rag has some.
Weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoke, Babylon, world and annihilation.
Old regimes must fall.
It's halivert in itself with no objection at all.
Timocraft don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade watchtempt.
I rag has some.
Weapons of past destruction.
Only I rag has some.
Weapons of past destruction.
Weapons head to bed.
Mark Cards through.
One fell out because three people around the du bamboo as they pound
33 we had a battle going on there and not too bad of a battle on a hot couple contest.
Not as tight as it was but it's fairly tight if you catch my grip.
Maggion tom 166, Aaronine, Brandon 139, Alexa and Mandi 50, Tree and Adrien.
Yo, Adrien got 34.
Not too bad, 18 couples.
Don't. It's great.
Not too bad.
My dogs come up next to you too bad.
Bye bye bye!
I love eating nuts.
