I'm going to get a scum like that girl.
Gone Wild is the video that shows real girls
fleshing their goods during spring break week in Florida.
But what about the hotties who spend the whole year in Florida?
Now they've got their own video.
It's Golden Girls Gone Wild!
Who's in it?
Why it's all your favorite Golden Girls?
Dorothy Rose Bletch and they always said I'm so fear.
I sure it's a thing but what's under that dress?
Well you won't have to think because Golden Girls Gone Wild
is two full hours of these ravenous retirees
showing loads of wrinkly skin.
I am the most attracted and available woman in all of my am.
Golden Girls Gone Wild!
These hotties with hot flashes are going topless every chance they get.
Except when their arthritis flared up.
Girl, I'll never be able to open my glows again.
It doesn't get any sexier than this.
But they'll take our word for it.
Listen to what the Golden Girls are saying about each other.
She looks like they ain't for gold.
It's Golden Girls Gone Wild!
Golden Girls Gone Wild!
Come on out!
I know two at five sixty WQM happy Thursday to you, Mo and I had some very warm bonding
moments this morning, even a little beaner boy couldn't believe it.
Touching.
Especially when I put on those two muskrat rugs and walked in there kind of whaddled
in there.
Zack, try to compose yourself.
Well, yes, everybody lose your job, Zack.
Be laughing at the boss in there.
Man, he was just a churnally said, I'll miss him in his pants.
He was laughing so hard.
I thought it was lovely.
And then Mo opened the door here a little bit later on and yelled in, what do you say?
It's something about real.
He said, that was pretty good.
He said, but you can't put real hair on a fake head.
Haven't you ever seen a mannequin with a wig on?
True.
See, but Mo should understand is not what can you put real hair on a fake head.
You can put fake hair on a real head.
If anybody should know, Mo, you know what I'm saying?
No.
I didn't think so.
He's slow on the update.
So anyway, the exciting news, the new development on MSNBC, new development was they tore down
another statue of Sodom and Kirkuk.
And yeah, they had the Sod effect of it hitting the ground in Kirkuk.
So that's the big thing now is statue is being yanked down by the Iraqi people.
This is tremendous penetrating work there for the networks, new development.
Here's our first facet that they already before we give the poll a result.
You get on to our new poll and get on to a wild, fast four hours.
Says good morning, Neil.
It's official.
I'm not finished with listening to the Howard David show.
Sorry to go to a good looking getting out of there.
He says, Goldie was kind of like, you know, he did chuckle a little bit.
He tried to control himself, but he was tortling.
Sorry, Gellie, to put you in that position.
Howard David is such an egotistical pompous ass.
It says he doesn't know Schmidt from Apple Butter when it comes to sports.
He is a broadcaster who should be doing the tramp in weather instead of sports.
This morning, I just about drove off the road about 705 on Howard blurted out.
The islanders were the shocker of night along with the fires beating the Leafs.
He's a dumbass.
It says.
What are you chocolate about?
Says he's a dumbass.
He didn't really say that about the.
I don't know.
It says I hope you can get the tape.
It says if I heard it wrong, which is possible, then my apology to mold, but I don't think I misunderstood.
In addition to which I think you get a little bit carried away because, quite frankly, the Final Score that game has no bearing on the game itself.
It was a grotesque performance.
It says here on the bottom, go Leafs, but I'm going to tell you something.
It was, I mean, the winner game like that still had me just puking.
I was down on the floor puking my guts out at the end of the game.
I've never seen a worse performance than the second period.
I mean, just just absolutely hanging on for dear life.
Final Score, Philadelphia 3, Toronto 5.
We'll take it.
Andrew Pop gets injured.
Darcy Tucker gets injured.
No loss there.
But same old stuff again.
Playoffs.
Lots of injuries.
Lots of embarrassment, but still come out with a win.
Nice gone boys.
Also, it says in his facts to get my mind off his incident and an honor of golf week at QAM.
Could you play throughout your show, The Drop of Tiger Woods?
I like him.
What's the origin?
I don't know what the origin is.
You were telling me it's from some dumb movie?
Yes, we're shaft.
From Shaan's not our bit.
It's a mo bit.
We don't play mo's drop-ins on this show.
We got enough of our own drop-ins.
Okay.
So sorry about that.
And I'm sorry that Moa, his knowledge of hockey, came bursting through again.
One of those things.
A lot of hockey knowledge on this radio station.
Speaking of the Augusta thing, and I'm not going to spend any time,
I'm tired of that.
It's just ponderous.
You know, we did have the Stanley Cup playoffs here we started last night.
And all the way coming to work, the only thing I heard on the Moe show was about the bad limitations of Hoody Johnson.
Talk about a drooling Yahoo Redneck.
I mean, good.
God, I say I have to be redundant.
A drooling Yahoo Redneck.
Just pathetic.
And you'll notice how they've kind of changed their tune on this station a little bit.
All these misogynist guys we got on here.
Wow, you know, we don't agree with what he's doing, but he's his right.
He can do whatever he wants.
And then, to my amazement, which I was unaware of,
because I don't really give a crap about golf.
Come to find out that Jews are still excluded from membership at Augusta.
Jews.
And don't we have three, at least three, maybe four Jews on the station.
I can think of them all along this last year defending.
I mean, yeah, he can't leave anybody out.
He wants.
But CBS in the meantime is making it into a major spectacle and promoting it.
That's the problem.
Right.
Not a question of whether he has a right to do it as a private club or not.
And once upon a time, of course, before the elder came along, they excluded blacks as well.
So obviously, the blacks had a much better and more threatening lobby than the Jews and the women.
Of course, we should know that here.
That's where it goes.
It's a Schwarz-Velt.
But the fact that they don't let Jews in there, they've been on there hysterically.
And you know, it's easy to do that.
It's like supporting the attack on Iraq.
It's the same thing.
Look at the pool.
Stick your finger out the window.
See which way to win is blowing.
And then say, oh, yeah, he's damned.
Dikes.
This is smart.
The burq and all these.
They're painting the ass.
You didn't hear that collar they had saying that, oh, it's tradition.
Oh, God.
It's never seen.
Now you've got it wrong.
Not just tradition.
Augusta, the guy, was up there five times.
And then Mo won on the say, I've been there 11 times broadcasting that tournament.
That tournament.
He said it was hallowed ground.
I wrote it down, actually.
And you know what that remind?
No hallowed ground.
You want that reminded me of?
It reminded me of the day that Mad Dog got that call after the hurricanes won at big game over.
Was it FSU?
Was that the game?
And then the dolphins pulled out that big game the next day.
Right.
The collar who said, aren't we blessed down here, Jim?
And then of course, very soon afterward, the hurricanes lost the national championship.
And the dolphins toke them gagged into England and blew the game in the last couple of minutes.
Aren't we cursed down here, Jim?
I mean, seriously, the people that the sports nerds attracted this radio station, they're scary.
I mean, we got some scary people, but you know something.
Even the scariest of our scary people.
You know, even the worst of our chronic.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, like that.
Even the worst aren't in the same category with these sports nerds.
They scare me.
It's hallowed ground.
No changes.
There can be any changes up there because it's your right.
It's tradition.
They've been doing this for as engineers.
So maybe all you black folks out there, but a back and pick cotton on a plantation.
They did that for a hundred years, too.
And more.
I mean, what does that mean?
It's tradition.
Figuretry has always been tradition.
And when somebody comes along, they've got the balls to say, hey, this is bullcrap.
So I would think that the Jews on this radio station, which should be saying,
that it's a bigoted nasty.
It reminds me of the old, Kellworth hotel on Miami Beach, owned by Arthur Godfrey.
At least he was part owner, something like that.
And they excluded.
It was one of the course of those times in the 50s.
It was commonplace, restricted.
No Jews, no blacks, no only good old, uh, goyem.
No Jews, no blacks, no dogs.
Right.
No spicks.
You're out.
Damn.
And so the Jews on Miami Beach on a commission actually doing always the right thing.
They rewarded Arthur Godfrey for his bigotry by renaming 41st-Wheet Arthur Godfrey Road.
And to this day, I still can't figure that out.
One of the most notorious anti-Semites never, ever hired a Jew to be on his show.
Ever.
And yet, uh, it's the same thing.
So why would you want to promote something that smells?
I mean, it's the stench of bigotry.
An exclusion just to...
And if you never, if you just saw this drooling redneck on your yesterday,
I'd never seen him before.
Just still pictures.
I haven't seen him.
Oh, oh my God.
He makes Trent lot.
He makes, uh, I'm trying...
He makes Leicester Maddox seem like Ted Kennedy.
I'm telling you.
Jeweling Yahoo with a head accent, you know, just a real, like Phil Graham from Texas, you know, remember him?
That Jeweling Yahoo Redneck?
We're not too crazy about Jeweling Yahoo Redneck on this program.
I just want to mention that right up front.
So if you're a Jeweling Yahoo Redneck, don't take it personal unless you want to, you know?
I mean, just, uh, I don't know.
I mean, you're entitled to be a Jeweling Yahoo Redneck, but just don't mess with anybody.
Just stay there until yourself.
Stick around with a lot of other dueling banjo Yahoo Redneck.
I'm telling you, that's the way to do it.
No Jews and I'll gust up.
And he just mentioned that moment passing, just in passing.
That he couldn't be...
He didn't actually say Jew because they wouldn't be.
He couldn't be a member in Goldie, could be a member in Robert Giepper.
So when we're out there, by the way, thanks to the California Pizza Kitchen.
And I only had a salad. Don't get panicky.
That was a great salad with blue cheese and little strips of onion ring and chunks of real bacon.
Man, that was good.
They brought by tons of pizzas.
And guess it was the first one out there in a hallway to observe it.
Zach.
Hey, Zach.
You're not supposed to do anybody.
You cow.
I told him that. I said, why are you out here?
Oh, I'm just organizing it.
He's got the car packed with the... with the leftovers already.
Hey, I guarantee you, he's packing it.
Quit packing it, Zach.
You're gonna die. I'm telling you right now.
You're gonna die. You know something that's seen from Fats over here,
all the Chinese food in the car and away home?
That's what's gonna happen.
There won't be a piece of crust from those 25 pizza boxes that Zach's got in the car
by the time he gets home.
To his eating joint.
I feel so bad for the fat people around here.
Thanks, Doreen. By the way, speaking of fat people, she brought...
I got rinsed.
You gotta look... what? She's fat.
I mean, not real tummy fat. I feel a lot... you know...
She always looks vellt here.
In this place.
No, she's fat.
But anyway, she still hates mole like poison.
Just in case you run away home to bulk, Doreen still hates you like crazy
and she said, the only reason you were speaking were this morning is because you had to come out there to get the free food.
That's what Doreen said. You tub a crap mole.
And by the way, that thing was moving on this day this morning.
I wish we had photos. We put it on our website of the tremendous performance that put on in there.
It was great. It was sensational.
Everybody was peeing in their pants.
Even Gully was like squirming around because he didn't want to just totally crack up and lose his job.
I think the audience probably thinks that you're kidding that you would have...
No, I'm not joking.
I'm not joking.
We have... I don't know where they came from.
But we have some peltzoa dead. What are those?
Raccoon?
Minks, I think.
Minks?
Oh!
If he didn't know and I'd been wearing a mink stool, he'd have really been pressed.
Maybe that's why I tried to stick his tongue down my throat.
But so I went in. I just flopped it over the top of my head.
Then there was an anacross that I looked in there and he like...
His eyes were rolling around like a pinball machine.
And then I came back and we've got the one where the mink is like...
Like a raccoon cap.
It's like a head looking at you.
But totally turned around like a yarmulka almost.
And I popped that on there and then of course at that point,
Zach dropped a load on his pants.
And Mo actually said, nice job!
Nice job!
Oh, ho ho ho ho ho!
Nice job!
What's better than mine?
Something like that.
By the way, it does look a lot better than yours.
How can you leave the house in the morning looking like that, Mo?
Everybody's laughing. It's...oh my god.
There's a 70 year old man with a 200 year old wig.
It's nasty.
Anyway, let's do the spot.
I see how I'm rambling again.
And you want to know why it's cause George isn't here to interrupt me.
God, I'm so glad he's not here this week.
12 minutes after 9 at 5.60 WQM,
have you ever thought about getting a wireless phone like everybody that's smart?
Well, sure you have.
You know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day,
as well as being connected with your family at all times,
especially like if you're driving around in this town.
Hmm.
Well, don't postpone it any longer.
Get it done today.
Just call wireless city.
They're a T-mobile authorized dealer.
Call them now tool free.
One trivel 8.221.8080.
And a wireless city, folks, will deliver today to your home or business that brand new wireless phone you're looking for ready to use.
Wireless city, a T-mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you,
like their new 39.99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends.
Call wireless city now.
One trivel 8.221.8080.
Call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free too.
Just call one.
Let me say it again.
1.888.221.8080.
Service agreement required.
See printed materials or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete details.
Wireless city, a T-mobile authorized dealer call one trivel 8.221.8080.
Call my name.
And local.
This is sports radio 5.60.
QA QA.
Go off those checkered pants.
The first time I've seen a T-mobile, I've seen a T-mobile authorized dealer call one trivel 8.221.8080.
I've seen a T-mobile authorized dealer call one trivel 8.221.8080.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Call my name.
Hi, I'm dynamics.
It's good.
So we need somebody calling them immediately.
We're doing Screenless again because Carlos is busy with the bedtime story.
So we've got about 70 real good ones today by the way.
Do you want the truth about what's going on in the world?
Look on our website.
If you want bullcrap watch, MSNBC and CNN.
especially Fox oh man I think that was a Fox pelt that I had in my head wouldn't
that be bad now that's their your right there minks always wanted that was my
life's a goal I guess I've reached it to where mink this is bad news for
by the way Dr. Atkins Dr. Bob my good-plus personal friend the founder of the
Atkins diet no not quite but low carbohydrate diet promoter Dr. Robert Atkins
was hospitalized yesterday with severe head injuries after falling on icy
sidewalk in New York atkins 72 slipped and fell Tuesday outside the Atkins
Center for complimentary medicine according to Richard Rothstein a spokesman
for Atkins and by the way neither one of them could be admitted to Augusta
either although he was admitted to West New York Wild Cornel Medical Center
where they do allow Jews where he underwent surgery for severe head trauma he
fell on the ice that was gonna be a health thing skeptic why not don't you
start with your you know wait this is a guy that weighs about 42 pounds soaking
wet in the sink and you're gonna start in about to diets by the way do you
some of that pizza yeah that's how it was great good there you go thanks again to
California pizza kitchen don't do it again while I'm here though please now
you saw what I ate at the salad too much of it though was a gigantic but it
was all Atkins okay I had to walk and slip on the pavement just like in the
Amsterdam Rothstein said the extent of Atkins impairment is as yet unknown he's
in recovery now and doctors are telling us it'll be a day or two or three
days before we have the answers to these questions Atkins is the author of the
best selling doctor atkins new diet revolution which emphasizes meat
eggs cheese and discourages bro we know all about that we know the Atkins on
this show okay we don't need any primers on the on that stuff okay or experts on
it we just can't do it I mean so there you go let's pray for Dr. Bob what do you
say let's pray a little bit Baruch Hatad and I saved the old doc here's the
poll from yesterday by the way save muff too why you had a safe prayer for me
not feeling too good today he said something about the little head cold here's
yesterday's facts which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations
the foullets before we do the pull result maybe we'll get a juke report from
Augusta WDQ I am yeah I was listening to me over for yes sir and I think I've made
a mistake regarding the Augusta National Policy on on Jews is it not true
last year Sandy Wilde was chairman of the city group resigned his membership
over the over the Martha Burke issue and so if he was on the board that he
must have been they must have changed that he's going to that's another mistake
on emotion then okay thanks for the good news see another mistake for a mo
another bad mistake no yeah not only he say the flyers beat the leaves last night
that that really hurts boy after we played a crap game like that and still one
five to three let's hear for Alexander McGillie Patrick baby van he is so good
god is he great I'm not just talking about a great hockey player just a great
athlete in any sport remember that you scored 76 goals with Buffalo years ago no I
knew you wouldn't long time ago but he's just underrated did give the credit he
deserves Alexander McGillie is God baby nice going sweetheart pretty upset about
the injury to Nick Antropov not good but I just mentioned that in passing any
hockey interest out there I know it so we made a mistake on that and he makes a
mistake I mean this is a major thing that sounds actionable to me you know
slander when a guy comes on our air and says that Augusta would not allow him or
Grieper unless there was something else about and I even ask Grieper to make
sure because he said that he and Grieper and Gillie couldn't be members of Augusta
I thought well maybe just creeps they don't want to live in right that would
be it so I asked right so let's blame it on Mo and Grieper because I asked
that professional self-hating you in a hall by the food there I said is that
really true because I want to get my facts straight and this first caller right
off right off the bat blows that out of the water get your facts right Mo you
silly old goose my God the same man that tells us that you can't put a real
hair on our fake head I guess he's never seen a mannequin guy from New York he
should have walked by Macy's window many times huh looked in and just wished
that he could look like one of those mannequins I'm not talking about the ones
that have like a real face just around ones that have no features you know you
know the ones I'm talking about it's just like the the piece on top of the head
sure you can you can put real hair on a fake head and fake hair on any real head
or you can also put fake hair on a fake head it's mix and match Mo you you'd
make your pick he was wearing his Thursday finest today by the way the one
it's Puse Gray it was beautiful it didn't move around a little bit once I went
in there with the stuff on my head it did start moving around he was very
animated anyway to pull I'm we apologize for that error on here but again we
got it from the Mo show sounds very very actionable to me I think he owes
them an apology don't you just because hoodie Johnson happens to be a drooling
Yahoo redneck doesn't mean that they keep the Jews out of there anymore any Mo
which in these ends you diving to the other change stations faster we ask
yesterday on our real famous pull on the O'Rongers dot com Marlon's baseball
317 month 300 and say oh by the way today's payday clearance
yippie yeah case clearance might be listen case he's awake yet it's payday
sweetheart I just mentioned that in passing okay so needless to say little
beaner boy he's Jones and for his check and actually I'm just sitting here
waiting for mine I'll wait till about 10 30 that I'm going home Marlon's
baseball 317 votes winning by almost a hundred they dive to the
dollar and you can only imagine on the Marlon's exhibition games you know like
the ones that we have at 12 30 and 11 45 that one day interrupting this highly
rated high-paid show oh oh man how did they justify that Greg it's like
George has a sports bar with a microphone don't you understand sport Greg is
a sports fanatic and clearance he's also a sports nut that's why he don't
care about our paychecks all he cares about is sports and also it's a gambling
palace yeah it's a bookie joint Marlon's baseball 317 George's voice 238 sends
them diving to the dollar when I hear a little George Mumblin religion talk 209
that was the shocker to me they're just burn out what are you shaking your
head about that I'm surprised it we get to your response on that religion talk
every time we lose we well then you'll Roger show I'm sorry you mean to you
and George are you telling me you put them up to it no let's see a week or so
though you wanted to know where the dancing in the streets were oh I see a
Randy from Marguer yeah okay hey Randy do you see the pictures of the people in
the hospitals okay the grotesque images you jackass see I knew it wouldn't take
long we had about two of these yesterday and not already we have one today about
the people dancing in the streets as most of the commentators pointed out there
was a very limited number very very small for what was supposed to be a major
celebration I mean I'm happy for the Iraqi people are they're free from
Sodom but who knows what's coming next well back there's a very small city and
just like they're saying in Afghanistan hey guess what guys maybe you'd like to
come back a little bit more because it's getting really nasty here didn't
finish the job as usual but we never do but this is another simple thing who's
very you know all his emotions all of his views on life and the world come
from his little 17 inch color TV myopic go see an eye doctor okay I think you're
cock-eyed now did I get them with a pull now I did not because I was interrupted
by Randy from Miramar who obviously has serious mental problems religion talk
210 Mohawar david's voice 180 sends them diving to the dial they're changed
the station race track talk 117 they don't want to hear those old cockers
talking about the Gulf Stream about the judge took their horse down in the
four over to one two seven they don't want to hear that crap it is ponderous
I agree I don't want to hear it either golf talk 116 and boy you'll hear mad dog
at the masters again today more than golf talk more than Martha Burke hoody Johnson
talk he'll these voice and way down only 65 see all this crap about you know
could he get an operation and changes voice I mean Greg that was kind of silly
you know that was embarrassing is there an operation to change his voice make
him sound like Walter Cronkite or Lister Holt huh I don't think
Kelly's going to be sound like Lister Holt anytime soon to you I could be wrong
what do you think outy only 65 66 whatever it is hockey talk 44 how about those
leaf and how about Ottawa folding up right off the bat on that jock strap
martin three nothing right at home there to the very marginal islanders
word talk 36 and talk about Moe was in last place they love it so they must
to love the one or two hours yesterday because we had a malicious hour talk
about moe had only 20 votes out of 1347 now here's today's poll which is one
that is going to require a lot of activity by the audience and I we already
threatened with this yesterday what it was going to be we teased it a little bit
now that the US is taken over Iraq radio and TV what should be the first show
on the year this is what we're going to be building Carlos to get your other
crap done but I realize only give you 75 stories so you got a lot of money
I have to answer the phone in between eating and just sitting there pecking around
on that typewriter just to write some of these down maybe Eric can do it I
doubt it he's busy he's busy eating and pecking around now that the US is
taken over Iraq radio and TV what should be the first show on the year there and
and they are actually not seriously they are having a show today you see that
Bush and Blair are going to be on with Iraqi sub titles no yes they have
they've set up a special station Iraqi free TV or whatever they're calling it
yeah that's true we should put somebody on that can talk that knows how to say
Tony Blair will be on there you go here's the I made a short list myself and then
of course you can add to it I'm sure that's the idea are you hot somebody
suggested that yesterday the Iraqis is a I don't want to say this but
generally is a people the ones we're seeing in the streets not what not what you
call a great-looking people you know they're not exactly the Swedes or the
Danish or the Germans or the Dutch or what the racist I beg your pardon we're
just racist are you hot American Idol the Osborne's or they saw that
die Pepsi spot they would crack up you know as my all this crap they've gone
through that would put a smile on their posts bedtime for Bonzo since it was
Reagan at Reagan and Bush won it kind of left them here holding the bag and
passions oh and any of my passions people out there you must see today's
episode it is sensational as precious is ordering stuff here you got a
chimpanzee ordering from my shopping network on TV with a credit card and they
got the dyke in there the dyke nurse who's coming on to bet now any old lady
old Mrs. Wallace's a warninger it's it's a panic and Louise by the way don't
worry about him he's okay 27 after nine and five sixty WQM I'll tell you this
weekend here's a great place to take the whole gang out celebrate for all of
these are great things they're going on after great things going on somewhere
they must be and that's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet with three South Florida
locations each one outstanding their in Pembroke Pines they're in North Miami
Beach and of course in beautiful geriatric sunrise start out with any of
their six different soups or try out of them if you like all depending on how big
and gigantic your appetite is and I've seen some of you in there so I know and
they've got dozens and dozens again I want to say one more time I've never
actually counted the entrees in there but I guarantee they're at least about
third man probably more than that entrees Oriental surf and turf on the weekends
New York strip steak made a word on their gourmet center which is a sizzling Asian
grill featuring teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken seafood hand-car prime rib and
again the Emerald Coast Vulch give you headache because they don't use any MSG
they don't use any cornstarch and they cook only with cholesterol for your oils
no crap the buffet and Emerald Coast features a full salad bar new sushi bar
fresh from cocktail and even better news at the Emerald Coast their famous lobster
fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque bring yourself a
gigantic hearty appetite and I'm sure you will because they got a dessert bar
to finish off your meal that's amazing pies cakes pastries ice cream
all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well three locations sunrise and
pile on the 44th Street Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach
and at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines they
have separate reservations take out and delivery also available the world
famous Emerald Coast a lot of imitators but believe me they be the best call
9545723822 9545723822 the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet are unbeatable
five and a local this is five cities the reuse of yours
yes
ends done as dirt
stuck all day in front of my TV
yeah
and I get mad at most of the folks I see
I think there rather is not a dinner Jennings man what a fight if you want my vote
you should watch last year
he works all day on MSNBC
while Peter on that drives him up the tree
shepherd Smith the major tool see it and Zarin Brown is a fool can you want my vote
you should watch last year hold
the other one well he's so smooth he puts me in a trance
he makes me feel funny in my pants
don't get me wrong I'm not gave up I tell you man if I with that wave
if he paradise just me a lesser hold
champagne on ice and double like the dead gold
i'm 33 so leave it to our audience the first back side get look at what it says for the
a poll I did I already say that that was my it's already on there
Eric has put up the preliminary not for the audience in general but just for my perusal
it's already on there the Osborne Scott almighty what is wrong in his crowd in fact
they went through that whole thing about the die Pepsi spot but these people they don't listen
they don't listen maybe they got waxy build up an ears like I've got
now that the US is taken over Iraq radio and TV what should be the first show on the air so far
we've gotten this is my short list my short one are you hot American Idol the Osborne
bedtime for Bonzo and passions you know put something on there with a little humor to it don't
put anything deadly serious on there give me a little chuckle just just a little chuckle
like that would be good maybe maybe just that sound would be good playing that over loud speakers
all over the country right listen how could how could we go wrong put a put a smile on her face
yeah we got a good sense of humor don't play too close to the hospitals oh by the way not a good idea
not a good idea Mike ox long votes for a dream of genius he was always flying off to bag that so they
know we're already that's not bad put that on you got it you do how do you have it you're sitting
there with your hands and your thing just type it all your your I see your oh boy he's not wasting
any time in other words we're not making us a five process deal well I have to email it to Eric
so you can put on a book so you're going to email it to Eric okay every time I hear those words
I start getting I start pooping my pants when I hear you say that because he just has trouble
getting emails not from anybody else just from you he doesn't get your emails he's got to block
out wq I am wq I am there's up mail yes sir hey I'm concerning the worst sports talk show most
in the history of the world momo momo how it did David it is yes you're talking about how you
could put real hair on a fake head or fake hair on a real head that is correct but on in
in case wouldn't be like really fake hair on a dickhead that a good point wow
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I'll be sure past that along tomorrow when
I bond again we're getting so tight now every morning it's quite an affair he also told me to go
myself and I said back at you that's a true story wq I am yeah hi yes ma'am how are you now fine
great show yes it is I'm having a good time yes you are in great wonderful form let me tell you
I think the show that should go on in Iraq although I'm afraid it might cause a counter attack
is that damn Phil Hendry show that that would show them how truly hateful and venomous are you sure
have you heard him keep your blood pressure damn yeah I've heard about five minutes that's all I
could take I mean he's worse than rush limbaugh he's trying to be a rush junior junior I mean but
it's sincere that's what's scary I mean no it's not oh man I don't believe it he's screaming at
people who call and disagree with him I mean his his blood pressure is sky I mean he's seen he's
got the memo from the people of third channel he knows which side his bread is buttered on but Neil
I mean that's what makes it me that's what makes it even worse is that I don't believe it is in
series pandering I can't believe it because he's too vain to to to eat crow that that completely
and profoundly okay and I wanted to tell you too are you there I'm here okay for what it's worth
a Randy road speaks very well of you on the air oh you know I actually tried listening to her
yesterday on 1290 but I could just barely hear an even in brow already can't get that signal very well
I know it's I'm I was and I heard the two of her collars and believe me you know she's doing a good
job and she's trying her best but the colors it's like light bulb radio all over again you know it's
just not for me right it's good luck to you Randy you'll need it sweetheart I see likes you though
talking about old yinthas okay and I'm the feeling is mutual have a great thing okay back Randy likes me
there you go well just calm down Randy quit taking yourself so seriously but you're doing a
wonderful job to make your own a station like a real market where somebody could hear you somebody says
Dallas I put it down but I don't know why what what huh the hell would I I don't know don't ask me
I'm asking you I don't know what the significance of this maybe that J.R. J.R. you in I don't know what
that means desert the Texas desert no then I have a desert in Texas but it's this is this a
puts it's dusty yeah it's musty and does it just put it down don't don't ask it is not for us to
ask we just take orders we're just here following orders you know what I'm saying you
understand the stuff will keep track of every one that's why we're following orders real
dutifully wqa n yes sir good morning I would like to nominate the South Park movie South Park
would be good well the movie because they show Saddam Hussein and Satan having gay sex it is
okay you have a good one and you say thank you so much I'm above the law that's a great scene that
that whole sit down the thing in that movie is amazing yeah 22 till 10 at 5 60 wqa what's
going to be a great Thursday I can smell it already either that or Moe left that piece on a
chair in here and it's walked in all the way down the hall maybe that's what got muffled a little
under the weather maybe some maybe it was down he was downwind from that crawling thing yesterday
that Moe was he was spending too much time out in the hallway we have agreed I hate to say this
but you know me honest to the point of painful we've all agreed we took a poll all three of us
although Doreen wouldn't agree because she still hates him like poison she said I asked her how
the food was out there from California kitchen she said it was malicious she did she really said that
say you're he's you know her but anyway we agreed that there's about 5% of Moe Howard
David had that really is a hoot he's a hoot like 5% of like the wrong gene out into that body
and doesn't really fit there the other 95% you wouldn't spit on the best part of it if you could
find it if it would sit still on his head but there's about Moe if you could just like try to clone
that 5% I mean we would love you you know we'd have a great time but you just you don't have it in
you know because you're a bag of pompous wind that's the problem just like Skippy you know he's a bag
what do you got for us today no no goods don't come in here without any freebies yesterday came
with my olio med which I thank you profusely my blood pressure by the way is much better
since I'm popping my olio med blood pressure formula it really is not about the 10 points or more
he's looking to be like oh really that crap really works and that's you Skippy you're not
fooling me you know just take the accounts that you inherited and what's the story with you
in screw-in back there are you servicing her or something because she sure give you a lot of accounts
for a little guy he must be packing something at you know fooling everybody in this building except
her I guess not quite like bro i put second best 20 till 10 at 560 wqm hey listen speaking of
idiots how's the trajectory there's a real schmuck for you if you're in a dead end job working for
morons call fast-training yourself a real job in a real big fat paycheck speaking of paychecks by
the way as clearance in a building payday clearance call 1 866 fast train to get started in a new
high-paying computer job this isn't a joke this is for real in just for sure at once you can be out
of your dead end job you can tell your boss to kiss your ass and kiss him goodbye forever just
call fast-trained at 1 866 fast-trained they'll tell you how do you get yourself started they
are for convenient evening weekend classes check them out on the web at fast train dot com and
got out of your dead end job and because of the fact that they got locations all over town is
bound to be one nearby where you live fast trains got locations in Miami Kendall Pemberpines and
prestigious four-letter register at fast train dot com to get your free american flag bumpers
that could to and wave it in the breeze pick up the phone to get yourself on the road to a great
new career and a real serious big fat income call fast train today at 1 866 fast train
near sports radio 566 uam
jordan jont and the taxi cab at the driver central park that be funny you look that mean
so quesitally i could tell she was in a dock so i acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees
i made no bug speaks english anymore
i went down to my yeah i met with each weather with my sense of name i walked into a liquor store
but a guy there talks real fun i asked him for a pint of hojian beemys as non-tea and
what does that mean the butter's to sing this and i'm all that cornered deli
hell i think i'm in Pakistan speak english and i'll end
and all are you can go back to the alright
i came here a month ago
learned my ABCs i don't say much is grossiest i said pretty pretty
so get yourself to a classroom quick here in american now stop making this sick
no but i speak english
945 560 wq mok so we got a couple with opa i don't know why but it's not art for us to ask you know
maybe they want to see what real fat disgusting people will make a billion dollars look like
and then we got certainly nightlife get that on again matured to the gong show some old
chump verisory runs here's a fact from a listener George says the tv rotation for racker is
already in the bag dad guns smoked a wild wild west and bananza any of those you think
it says i wonder how long it'll take mr. mosh to get fired up that isner can't even crack the
Iraqi market well for that you'll have to ask i've never 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and for rise and wireless line as we're building a magnificent list you know you can
uh... air can actually put up for the thing ami's got you know what i'm saying how many of you
uh... email them so far none i just emailed them uh the group of everything we've done since
been time for bonds when passions on their also oh you didn't fix them that that wasn't at the
beginning no okay get those on their bedtime for bonds is important okay rani would like to tell
me forgot the phone number he'd like to tell the people over there if he could find out who's in
charge and passions of course i still say if you haven't seen shirren all you heteros out there man
charred and on passion she is i can't imagine a more beautiful woman on a face of the earth
okay give me a look like that i'm just telling you she's blonde she's beautiful she's got a great
body she's everything you'd want but because it's a silly ass not even just a soap opera but a
comedy soap opera i've never seen her that's the only reason i gave her a look i'm telling you
if i was a viewer persuasion if i was a little spick wqa m
yes sir how you doing i love the show i've been listening to this made in 1998 what
Bob yes but is there a big button here minus i always know when you're about to make a drop because
i hear that keyboard tapping yeah i see like you're doing right now i can hear it yeah i did that
because you just said it say yeah i see it's like i'm not gonna i'm not planning anything but i just
did that because you said it and also is it is it possible that all types of hosts just have like
some kind of psychic ability because whenever i'm about to say something you guys like answer
my question like not even a millis that can have that there if there's a butt i smell it
you see what i'm saying yeah i did that for you lovely new uh yeah i'm a psychic miss clio is a
piker convert compared to me hey i can can George stay out permanently and keep Carlos there
we're working on it yeah let let George uh i'm liking this call better by the minute
let George take all these half of the cubans down here and mine and take them on a big cruise ship
and we'll have a big eye no camera
at the end there just got a little bit carried away something about
the film with you i'm lucky i know you don't like you spits is what he was trying to say
well beener boys a little uh he's a little one five that's what most said five six seven
oh five sixty pound you know in that whole hour i did yesterday we never played uh uh
mowrave's Carlos then we got to play that don't want to overdo that because it might actually come
true w-d-q-i-m hey Neil and i are you i'm pretty good hey um love your show i don't agree with
you every time why not because we're two different people i see okay but understandably please
just do me this one favor maybe that beener boy off the damn air as he says he said anything today
yes he has like a handful of his stamps can be no more that was so good that was excellent
he said he can't scan it uh king beener boy
well goes to show you no matter who he's sticking air all right off the bed because the audience
is picky okay they got all our George damn near one at point yesterday about what sends
you the way to change the dial the fastest sign of the George's word well you talk about a chronic
factor i mean generally good factors but good god it says the funny part of the most show this
morning was him trying to do a hoody johnson yeah i heard that it was so lame his impression was
not funny but when moa asked to call her what he thought of it the caller said it was bad he was
being serious he told moa it sounded like a new yorker i think it upset most feelings now he
it then and guilty took some shot about statin island of course guilty talking about how somebody
sounds yeah i was really kind of silly in a first place guilty but you up a little bit you twerp
tv show baywatch now we're talking yeah that would be good baywatch for all those frustrated
iraqies all are quite frankly from the way they've been reproducing i don't think there's
frustrated some might seem huh well what else are they going to do have it out he's been letting
him do that when nobody's watching five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
with the us taking over a raki tv and radio what should be the first show on the year
here's our short list so far are you hot american idol the osborns
i don't see any other ones up there yet are you are you gonna send this down or you're gonna
do i think that last caller heads was on to something no i said it's already well he doesn't have it
yet he is as slow as molasses on a july day in the equator god is he slow
but he just told me to say that eric don't take it personal he just let me know it said the ripman
ass bedtime for bonzo passions i dream of genie
fill henry show because he's are you sure Dallas south park movie the gong show
setter night live opa and bay watch hopefully not the ones with pamela sue anderson
because george will get really upset i'm not are we putting any of those gun smoke an answer
yeah put gun smoke on there that would be good gun smoke although probably that would be rubbing
it in but you put it on there anyway i guess by now they probably used to it especially the
smoke part god man can you imagine what breeding the air must be like there whoa and they also have
a shortage of water i'd like to put out we got some really good articles on our website today
beena boys busy putting on here don't be ripping beena boy okay he's working his ass off to put
that information on here also i heard mow and gildy made reference to this says although the
pheta saw him who saying is unknown as his rule crumbles and bagged at he's thriving as a
collectible on ebay during the three week war in eric collectives of swamp the internet
trading site with more than the thousand items including Iraqi money t-shirts and videos that
capitalize on sedams notoriety one seller tapping the sedam denar one of two currencies used in
eric was quick to advise his item as a piece of history certain to grow in value when the war is over
and like i said yesterday when rumour hears about those three dinners he's going to be over
with a fork and spoon and knife with a current world situation chances are there should be the last
currency available coming out of iraq at least with sardam's picture on it the seller wrote
iraq's sardam denar was by far the most popular item with some auctions fetching about four hundred
dollars forty dollars for a few bills their fetching and work fetching at the end of march one
dollar could be exchanged for about three thousand of the Iraqi bills a set a search for satam on ebay
what is this a search for satam who say none the ebay website yielded nine hundred hits involving
a wide variety of items associated with them this this particular story from CNN isn't as good
as the other one that i passed on about the they've got heads said i'm heads like the ones that
they inked off the statue they were dragging around bagged at they've got those as well
well they are they mass producing them what do you mean yes well not not the one from this thing
you realize that that was uh... what was that made it was it granted
i heard bronze i'm sorry bronze that's what i that's why said bronze
don't take it for granted that i don't want to talk about his main coherent from that food this
morning is very good though but don't do that again during your pitch
for anyone eager to get sardam's autograph fifteen bitters of push the price of an
autograph photo of satam to two hundred and three bucks and autograph photo of some
you know say it goes to show you what did i say during that all jay golf tournament years ago huh same
thing
some of you people have no principles at all here's a guy to kill two people in
clueless but well it might be worth something someday oh my god give me a break
talk about a total sellout autograph pictures of satam who's saying you ought to be a shame to
yourself i'm going to tell you right now as much as we may have very very serious political
differences we're going to get the names and addresses those people off ebay and send them to
the bushmeister that's right we're going to send them to here on garing rumsfeld personal
you'll notice begin of her mind garing rumsfeld at his uh... big uh...
pompous thing yesterday he was uh... hyperventilating about syria once again
those he's not just dropping that in there for the fun of it
there's a message in there like hey all you they keep saying well the troops are exhausted
and they want to come home which we can certainly understand that but uh... i have a
feeling they're not going to be coming home
not directly they're going to make a slight move to the west
but not very far
syria will be next
that's what they got in mind if they get away with it syria is going to be next
that's what they in area shiro and their other good right wing jubo de jubo de jubo de jubo
have gotten mine that's what it's all about
tragic and those are the rest of us jews that we can't even get into god damn august
the corneumau hey moe get your fax straight that's really an outrageous comment to make
so we have to trust him and uh... greeper or we believe the car who made a good point and that
is that the guy who resigned over the uh... hoody johnson uh...
martha burp business
the women business that guy was obviously jewish and if he was on board a
director is he's obviously a member
so let's find out who's telling the truth and who's full of crap
let's investigate this
is this thing up here because i'm hoping for passions i'll tell you right now i
think i think it'd be the
all talk about putting a smile on their face then of course once they saw shannon
i mean to share whatever her name is
not shannon
shannon that's a real throwback to some other stuff that we had on the show long
joe shannon i thought that that's right
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
all of the mbc camera catches battle under the bag that bridge
uh... it it's also a lust of i think of the fact that the real problem is rapidly
becoming one not simply of cleaning out these few holdouts that are holding
just like a reason but the reason for the
restoring order stopping the looting and getting the city back to norm to normality
yeah they're making more life and and and and colonel that take you think weeks
months how long do we can we look forward to more skirmishes like we're seeing here
i i would guess that these kind of skirmishes will probably start dying out
very very rapidly as it becomes clear to whoever these guys are
that there's simply nothing above them and that they're completely on the
the other how many days before this so winds down curl
here's a fact says here's the info you wanted
i led three lives the fugitive to go to bed in the ugly and definitely guns
moco one out of four eight bad thank you gene gene rogers good guy
probably related to some where along the phony family tree i've created
once you know that's how it was gone assuming the rest of the record is the way
i have one basic comment i feel much safer and secure now don't you know
now did this make a centilla difference in any merkins life other than those
killed or maybe a church over there in their families no
uh... as for real show the prices right in hockey night in canada not the broadcast
they gave last night i played that somebody poke bob coal in the ribs will you
please
hey coley talking about a bad uh... head of hair man get with it he was just awful
last night just horrible awful
and harry neil poor harry wasn't too much better talk about the blind leading
the blind that was a bad telecast last night a on cbc
inverse for you guys
now we already we've read this thing from here might get what about how many times
we read the doctor to me i got it with it already okay we appreciate the
faxes but we read that line from her in garing or sam i got indigencia now i'm
grepsin from that uh... breakfast
it was delicious i just can't be eating okay
you know that i shouldn't have done that but it would look great
did i eat in the pizza no look healthy to all you was a solid
all stop looked healthy see that this is such don't know that crap on me
okay we're in a healthier well first of all wasn't green the salad part was
green at the part i threw out
what he eats the greens are you crazy
i had to blue cheese and they crumbled the bacon stuff not the bacon bits but
real bacon
and what was on it was and of course a little tiny uh... on your rings not
not big on your rings was that would be bad
but little skinny ones
seen plenty of those
nine fifty seven at five sixty wqm how tell you what maybe want to put your
little skinny one on a great mattress
that i'm actress can deliver you one of the finest mattresses you've ever seen
in your life and you can put your ass in the rest of your on it and get a great
night sleep
tonight and the this month and next year and for years to come
just call one eight hundred m a t t r e s right now
and guarantees you when you're back a great night sleep like i said for a
long time they carry only the best
when you call one eight hundred mattress you can pick from cc and serve the
simons king core every size every style of the sun
you want to twin you want to king you want to queen they got a dollar
mattress
and of course they deliver when you want any to our window that you pick out
when it's convenient for you can't beat it prices are every day on but unbeatable
low prices
dot olympic is ranked number one customer satisfaction because they know how
to treat your right they've got more repeat your four customers than anybody on
the play on the planet once you buy your mattress over to fall from
dot olympic is with one easy call you'll never go back to racin all around
town comparison shopping wasting gas time and money again
and don't forget when dot olympic is delivers your brand new mattress they
sit up and take away the crappy old betting for you for free that's right
dot olympic sets up the new and takes away the old betting for free so make the
call right now they'll be there knocking on your door when you want no time
at all call one eight hundred m a t t r e s
that's one eight hundred mattress for dot olympic is the easiest the smart
way to get you a great night sleep for years to come
and
oh
256
you
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
I say I'm not metal news day before it runs away
Here's your sign
You are the God of God
You're the best man in this world
Because of all our human resistance
I don't know what you're saying
I don't know why I'm teaching you now
My new friend is your sign
Both music and music
You are the leading
I'm the only one in the station
And I'm in the way
And I'm in the town
You there, Jamie
Check your damn plan
Oh, you run away
10.02.560
WQM Happy E-Thursday
Two we got the mad dog with his last day in Augusta
There were they do allow Jews
And they do allow a black, but just no woman
What about black Jewish women?
Definitely not
Carlos is shaking his head
And fact he spun it all away around
One time like Linda Blair
What do we got?
Hank is in a studio at three
Marlins on records at 6.30
Seven o'clock, seven o'clock
Marlins in the mess
Marlins one last night
Okay, then nobody come out
Okay, they don't care
I understand this is supposed to be a sports station in a town where nobody cares about sports other than the dolphins
The choking gagging dolphins
The highly overrated dolphins
Boy, do you think that they'd like to have tiny Bradya quarterback to dolphins?
You kidding me?
Oh, oh
Shouldn't say that's so close to Passover, you know what?
J.O.T.K.E.P.
Personal
The rat patrol on F-True, I don't think so
I mean, don't take it personal
There's just too many suggestions on here
We can't have 600 names on Liska's and Erick will freak out
List is up by the way
South Park movie is winning nine, Gong Show 5
It just went up moments ago
Steven and Scottsdale are as on
How's it going, Stevie?
Among the TV shows the newly freed Iraqi should be subjected to
Oh, yeah, I agree with this
Benny Hinn on the Trinity Broadcasting Network
Benny Hinn
Just put Benny Hinn, H-I-N-N
Benny Hinn
Also somebody said the Jerry Springer show?
Definitely
Neo-Ronger show?
Oh, God
Sure
Kaliente, which is on Saturday afternoons, I guess with a lot of hot naked babes or something on
Spect TV
And one more
Tom Greenshow before MTV screwed him all up, I agree with that.
Get them all on there, got them good
Here's one that says on the same network with a show over that funny bitch with a pink
hair and helping Iraqis to help good American value such as intolerance and bigotry.
Why?
The show with a funny bitch with a pink hair?
Uh, Jen Kroch
Are you talking about Jen and Paul Kroch?
No, wait, we got it.
She got stars on Benny Hinn every once in a while
In addition, which didn't you tell me they already have a transmitter there in the middle of the desert somewhere?
They're probably watching Jen and Paul Kroch right now. That's why they hate America.
Bush Broadcasting can subject them to DJM's Kennedy reclaiming America for Christ and part two, Conquest Iraq.
Okay, well, can't put them all under like I said, quote right your head.
Stuttering Gill and Homestead is the one who faxed him, Calliente.
He said it's on Saturdays 2 p.m. on Telemundo, Babes dancing to latest tunes and thongs to the latest thongs.
Hogan's Heroes
Oh, I can't wait till they see Jimmy Far.
Was that on Hogan's Heroes?
Was that on Mesh?
I never watched either one of them so I don't know, huh?
Oh, that's right. What am I asking you for, punk?
Here's what it says, the movie The Mouse That Rourde.
I guess only old Farts would know this flick about a teeny tiny community in possession of the bomb had the US on its knees.
Don't put that on there.
We don't want them to see us on our knees, okay?
No comment.
Although I did notice that the Rumsfeld was asking yesterday in the press conference that they had discovered that it was true about the incredibly high percentage of homosexuality in that country.
560-560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Rolling along singing the song, oh, I got a great column.
I'm going to have a couple of bedtime stories today. You know the one by Michael Moore?
How do you like that?
My Oscar Backlash, Stupid White Men, Back at Number 1 and Bowling for Columbine, breaks new records.
Oh, yeah. Oh, they sure fixed him up.
Just like the Dixie Chicks, which he writes about in here too, which they're sales of their records of shop through the roof.
Oh, yeah.
So all these statistics about 70% of the people are pissed off and Michael Moore is an asshole and no more Dixie Chicks.
The only people who want to buy the Dixie Chicks are the Yahoo's who listen to KISS.
That's all.
You know the ones I'm talking about, the ones who are coons to Hoody Johnson?
That's a kin-kin-coon. Maybe they're hanging out on a can-coon, but I doubt it. They don't like them down there.
And vice versa.
Hoody Johnson, man.
So more bad misinformation. I want to hear that apology on the Mohawar David Chow tomorrow.
To come on here and say that, well, maybe they just have their names on the list. Maybe it has nothing to do with Jewish.
Maybe they just got guilty, moe, and Robert Gryper self-hating Jew. Maybe they just have those on a long list of people that they will not admit in Augusta.
Maybe that's the reason Mo ain't broadcasting for none of this year, huh?
Maybe he got the message.
He's been blacklisted.
Did you say blacklisted?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What? I don't understand what kind of TV shows these people are talking about.
What we got to do is bring mod over there and three companies and I have two reasons for that.
Okay.
All right. Mod will get the Janet Reno in there.
They'll get used to these Janet Reno bitches being able to do whatever they want because that's what America is.
Which means company will introduce them.
Hey, guess what? We have sex.
You know, we'll get all that.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
I guess he hasn't seen that half of the population there's under the age of 15.
So somebody's been doing an awful lot of breeding. In other words, they don't live very long.
Right?
That's why the demographic is so low.
They don't live very long.
Unlike down here where, of course, the median age is death plus 10.
Well, they lost water to people in the Gulf War and in the Iran thing.
See, there you go.
I'm trying to do a light show today.
And there you go again.
I think the guy that called me for was right. You're just a little clone of George, you know?
Hopefully.
Startin' in.
Right off the bat trying to get real heavy duty, you know?
Pad read all those light bulb listeners, all those chronic radio talk show listeners.
You know the ones I'm talking about.
There you go.
See, George may not be here in person, but his mumbling lives on through the miracle of audio.
There he is.
So speaking about eating ass.
Yes.
Isn't that what George was doing in that?
So how was George's early life last night being a boy?
It was very good.
Shut up.
Now that the US has taken over,
Iraq radio and TV, what should be the first show on the air?
You know, I'm gonna start getting like Mo, I'm gonna start playing Butch Boss.
And I'm gonna wear that damn muskrat during the show.
This is a message.
Gonna send you a message.
The South Park movie, 15, the Gong Show 9.
But we know we're not gonna show them the ones where JP Morgan was on there, because she's a little bit too butch.
Now we don't wanna, you know, the Phil Henry Show 7, American Idol 7.
Ah, it's changing.
It's changed all over the place.
Did I say Baywatch 8?
Osborne 7, American Idol 7, 7, 8, live 7 Phil Henry Show 7.
Dream Agini 4, Oprah 3, passions appear.
Are you hot too?
And then small patented to the other ones.
And we gotta get up there.
Come on, let's get with it, Eric.
You're so slow.
My eyeballs ache just thinking about how slow he is.
When you weigh 600 pounds, you don't move like real fast.
Okay, except to the refrigerator.
That's the only place he makes an exception moves real fast at the drive-through and also at the refrigerator.
9 minutes past 10 at 5.60 WQM, hey, how many times did you hear about an opportunity?
And you just, you sat there like you were frozen, like you were in suspended animation like Larry King.
And you missed out.
Well, right now is one of those times rarely does an opportunity interrupt whatever else you're doing, but this one should.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were before.
Financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45%.
Then they lowered it to 2.95%.
Now rates have gone down even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group, you heard it right, 2.45%.
Call financial group and find out all about it, call 1-800-940-Lend.
Of course, who knows how long these interest rates will last, probably not very long.
So hop through this window of opportunity with financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself a lot of ton of a Schmidt load of cash.
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
2.45% financing will cut your monthly payments down amazingly.
A $200,000 loan you pay only $786 a month.
A $100,000 loan you pay only $393 a month.
Do it now. Call financial group.
Toilfree there's no obligation.
1-800-940-Lend.
1-800-940-Lend.
Equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply.
See I did that just to get that guy off.
You know, there are.
And rates have been changed without notice. 5.34 APR.
Why?
In local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You a.
You a.
If you're born a voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, they don't come any better than Neil Roger.
This is an action news update.
We now bring you Saddam Hussein Live.
My troops will fight diligently and I assure a victory for the Iraqi people.
We're doing it.
That is not.
That is not Saddam.
Saddam does not have red hair and freckles.
But it is hard to tell because of the sombrero.
We're after this.
Look at that.
Carlos had a reach in his pocket and give him a change for his paycheck.
Okay.
How come you brought your checkered out?
I don't have mine yet.
Oh, I don't have mine.
I just asked him if he had changed.
Well, what did he just bring in here?
I thought he just brought checks in here.
He told me he didn't have change and he came to show me his empty wallet.
Get out of here.
I don't come back in here without any cash.
Okay.
Come in with some checks.
You know, we like seeing you once in a great while, but don't overdo it.
Unless you got some cash.
Can you believe that?
I thought for sure he had envelopes in his hand.
Is it a smile on his purse?
I just turned it down to 100 in here.
By the way, you notice how they had the ovens cranked up?
I thought it was just me.
It was smoldering in here.
Once again, more assholes in here at night.
Dicking around with everything in this studio.
Dicking with a thermostat.
Stealing my beverages.
Stealing Carlos's coax.
Stealing Georgia's coke.
Here's the facts from Bill who says.
I believe most confused about the exclusion of certain individuals from
membership at Augusta National Golf Club stems from a portion of their
membership policy, which he apparently slightly misheard.
He understood them to say they don't allow people of the Jewish faith when actually what they said was
they don't allow egotistical elderly putt-wacking assholes with smelly ridiculous looking hairpieces in two first names.
Simple mistakes as facts are billed.
Good point, Bill.
Here's another one from Calvin who says, what the facts are pouring in.
The votes are starting to pour in on that pool.
Do you have three companies in mod and Hogan's heroes?
Hogan's heroes?
Yes, I didn't think we were going to put three companies in mod.
Why not?
Why not?
Just because that guy was like a little off.
Right.
That's okay.
We like our people a little bit off.
And most of them don't disappoint.
Calvin says, was all this mongering so we could go to over the bag that turned on the statute?
Well, the answer to Calvin is not just a statue, but they tore it out and I want to cook this morning.
Oh!
I guess he must have missed out the big news.
We had it right here.
Yeah, when I hit the ground it was exciting.
Since I don't think there's anything more disgusting than Dick coming out of his hole and we haven't seen Vice President Dick for a long time by the way I noticed.
And boasting about how our military kicked the crap out of a third-rate army.
Or you should say what's left of a third-rate army.
There are some hundred odd families out there who might not feel so proud since their loved ones are coming home in a box.
Not to mention, of course, the thousands of families in Iraq of innocent bystanders who probably won't come home at all.
Be sure to fasten your seat belts because Rummy said yesterday that there's intelligence that Sada might have stored some of his WMDs in Syria.
Sounds plausible.
And after that Iran, Lebanon, question mark.
Sada might even have FedEx under Canada.
Do they have any tall statues in Toronto?
No, only the sea and tower.
Hmm.
I just mentioned that in passing.
And of course they gigantic statue of Frank Mahavallit.
Here's a fact that says, here's an absolute must see for t-
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Now this is bad. This is in very poor taste.
No, it is. It's bad. But I like it.
Must see TV for Iraq. Any or perhaps all of the dental care infomercials.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Thanks Rob and Poppano Beach.
We don't put that on there because it's in very poor taste.
But he does have a point.
In fact, I would say the next to the British.
They have some of the worst teeth I've ever seen.
But they probably don't have real good like dental care.
The great of those scuse. They're like America.
They probably don't have real good medical care plans.
I just mentioned that in passing.
South Park movie 19.
Now that US has taken over radio and TV in Iraq.
What should be the first show on the air?
South Park movie 19.
Gong Show 12.
Baywatch 11.
The Osborne 11.
The Phil Henry Show.
Are you sure?
9. American Idol 9.
Saturday Night Live 8.
I dream of Jeannie has got 5.
I don't see a.
Oh yeah, that's right.
We got. Look at that. I don't have any yet.
We just put those on there right here.
It's so slow.
God.
American Idol's got 9 like I said.
I already did these.
Are you hot 5?
Any hint 3?
Passions only 3.
Oprah has only got 3 votes.
How do you like that?
I can easily understand why because Oprah blows.
Should I read it?
I guess I got 10.
Now do this. Why not do it?
In fact, I'm not going to read anything until we get to pay checks.
Now we ought to go on strike till we get our pay checks.
We shouldn't have to go through this every pay day.
Clarins ought to be at that door.
He ought to be bursting through that door with a big smile on his face.
Here you go guys.
Just throwing money at us, you know.
Kind of crap that goes on next door.
He's busy with sports.
That's right.
He's too busy with ball games.
Although he's another one who wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck one up his ass,
but he might enjoy it.
Yeah.
Maybe be a new experience for clearance.
My Oscar backlash, stupid white man back at number one,
bowling brace new records writes Michael Moore.
Dear friends, he says,
it appears that the Bush administration will have succeeded in colonizing Iraq
sometime in the next few days.
There's a blunder of such magnitude.
This is a blunder of such magnitude,
and we will pay for it for years to come.
It wasn't worth the life of one single American kid in uniform
little on the thousands of Iraqis who have died,
and my condolences and prayers go out to all of them.
So where are all those weapons of mass destruction that were the pretense for this war?
There's so much to say about all this, but I'll save it for later.
What I'm most concerned about right now is that all of you,
the majority of Americans who did not support this war in the first place,
not go silent or be intimidated by what will be touted to some great military victory.
Now more than ever, the voices of peace and truth must be heard.
I've received a lot of mail from people who are feeling a profound sense of despair
and believe that their voices have been drowned out by the drums and bombs of false patriotism.
Some are afraid of retaliation and worker at school or in their neighborhoods
because they've been vocal proponents of peace.
They've been told over and over that it's not appropriate to protest once the country is at war
and that you're only duty now is to support the troops.
Can I share with you what's been like for me since I used my time on the Oscar stage
to weeks ago to speak out against Bush in this war?
I hope that in reading what I'm about to tell you,
you'll feel a bit more emboldened to make your voice heard in whatever way
or form that is open to you.
When bowling for Columbine was announced as the Oscar winner for best documentary
at the Academy Awards, the audience rose to its feet.
It was a great moment when that always cherished.
They were standing and cheering for a film that says we Americans are a uniquely violent people
using our massive stash of guns to kill each other and use them against many countries around the world.
They were plotting a film that shows George W. Bush using fictitious fears to frighten the public
into giving him whatever he wants and they were honoring a film that states the following.
The first Gulf War was an attempt to reinstall the dictator of Kuwait,
Saddam Hussein was armed with weapons from the U.S.
and the American government's responsible for that sub-half a million children they racked over the past decade
through its sanctions in bombing.
That was the movie they were cheering and that was the movie they voted for
so I decided that this is the way I should acknowledge it in my speech and thus I said following the following
from the Oscar stage.
On behalf of our producers, Kathleen, Glenn and Michael Donovan from Canada,
I'd like to thank the Academy for this award.
I've invited the other documentary nominees on the stage within their hearing solidarity
because we like nonfiction.
We like nonfiction because we live in fictitious times.
We live in a time where fictitious election results give us a fictitious president.
We're now fighting a war for fictitious reasons.
Whether it's the fiction of duct tape or fictitious orange alerts,
we were our against this war Mr. Bush, shame on you Mr. Bush, shame on you.
And whenever you've got to the Pope and the Dixie Chicks against you your time is up.
Halfway through my remarks somebody in the audience started a cheer.
That immediately set off a group of people in a balcony who started to boo.
Then, though supporting my remarks started to shout down the booers,
the LA Times reported that the director of the show started screaming at the orchestra,
music, music in order to cut me off so the band didfully struck up a tune and my time was up.
The next day and the two weeks since the right wing pundits and radio shock shocks have been calling for my head.
So as all this ruckus hurt me, have they succeeded in silencing me?
Well take a look at my Oscar backlash.
On the day after I criticized Bush and the War of the Academy Awards,
attendance at bowling for Columbine and theaters around the country went up 110%.
The following week the box office group was grossed up a whopping 73%.
It is now the longest running consecutive commercial release in America,
26 weeks in a row and still thriving.
The number of theaters showing a film since the Oscars has increased
and it is now best of the previous box office record for documentary by nearly 300%.
A couple of days ago April 6th,
stupid white man shot back to number one on the New York Times bestseller list.
This is my book's 50th week on the list,
eight of them at number one,
and marks its fourth return to the top position something that virtually never happens.
In the week after the Oscars, my website was getting 10 to 20 million hits a day,
one day we even got more hits than the White House.
The mail has been overwhelming,
positive and supportive and the hate mail has been hilarious.
In the two days following the Oscars, more people peer to the video for bowling for Columbine at Amazon.com,
than the video for the Oscar winner for Best Picture Chicago.
In the past week I've obtained funding for my next documentary,
and I've been offered a slot back on TV to do an updated version of TV Nation, The Awful Truth.
I tell you all this because I want to counteract the missions that told us all the time
that if you take a chance to speak out politically, you'll live to regret it.
It will hurt you in some way, usually financially.
You could lose your job, others may not hire you to lose friends and on and on and on.
Take the Dixie Chicks.
I'm sure you've all heard by now that because their lead singer mentioned how she was ashamed
that Bush was from her home state of Texas,
their record sales have plummeted, and country stations are boycotting their music.
The truth is their sales are not down.
This week after all the attacks,
their album is still number one in the Billboard Country charts,
and according to Entertainment Weekly on the pop charts during all the Bruhaw,
they rose from number six to number four.
In the New York Times, Frank Rich reports he tried to find a ticket
to any of the Dixie Chicks upcoming concerts, but he couldn't because they were all sold out.
Their song, Travel and Soldier, a beautiful anti-war ballad,
was the most requested song on the Internet last week.
They haven't heard it all, but that's not what the media would have you believe.
Why is that? Because there's nothing more important now than to keep the voices of descent
and those of you who would dare to ask a question silent.
And what better way than to try and take a few well-known entertainers down with a pack of lies
so the average Joe or Jane gets the message loud and clear?
While if they would do that to the Dixie Chicks or Michael Moore,
what would they do to little old me? In other words, shut the F up.
And that, my friends, is the real point of this film that I just got an Oscar for,
how those in charge use fear to manipulate the public and doing whatever they're told.
While the good news, if there can be any good news this week,
is not that only have neither I or any others been silenced,
who've enjoyed by millions of Americans who think the same way we do.
Don't let the false patriots intimidate you by setting the agenda
or the terms of the debate. Don't be defeated by the polls that show 70% of the public in favor of the war.
Remember that these Americans being pulled out of the same Americans whose kids or neighbors' kids
have been sent over to Iraq. They're scared for the troops and they're being cowed into supporting a war they didn't want,
and they want even less to see their friends, family, and neighbors come home dead.
Everyone supports the troops returning home alive,
and all of us need to reach out and let their families know that.
Unfortunately, Bush and Company aren't true yet.
This invasion and conquest will encourage them to do it again elsewhere.
The real purpose of this war was to save the rest of the world.
Don't mess with Texas if you got what we want, we're coming to get it.
This is not the time for the majority of us who believe in peaceful America to be quiet.
Make your voices heard despite what they pulled off. It is still our country.
It says Michael Moore.
Hi, Scott Mike.
Hi, Scott.
I still haven't had my copy of Bolin for Columbine yet.
But I can get it on Amazon.com.
I thought you'd already ordered it.
No, I have not.
There's clearance with a money.
All right, he is our favorite person in the world.
I'll tell you that right now.
This guy, I guarantee any woman that would turn his advances down, has got to be an idiot.
He is hung like a moose. He's got a personality.
That's what I'm hearing.
You're the best, Clarence.
Get out of here.
You can stop lying with anyone.
Yeah, we got our money now.
After you cash it.
And by the way, when you go to the bank to do the same thing you do with my check,
be sure and have them call the company and make sure that it's legit.
When they take a look at you and say, oh, you're getting them, you got a check for anything?
They'll say, oh, you can.
No, sure.
You don't just don't look like the kind of person that would get paid for anything.
No, that day they had the security guard blocked the door while they called you.
Make sure I couldn't get out of there.
If I had to do over again.
It did just, you know, fun with you little, but just to screw with you little.
Like I did with Mo this morning.
God, I wish we should have filmed that, you know, something get 140 share in this building.
If the crowd in here could have seen that.
Could have seen me in there with a muskrat on my head.
I thought Mo's eyes are going to pop right out of his eyeballs.
It was great.
Miguel, he don't have time for your crap.
He's busy looking at naked pictures on the internet.
Now, we got our package at Miguel for that thing.
We'd like to do that hot couple thing again, but it may, you know,
I mean, at least Doreen come through with us for a lot of food this morning.
You know, she said it was malicious, but poor Mcwell, man,
we're like asking and asking and he just did all around, you know,
did all around.
Sometime this year would be good, Miguel.
Huh?
He's waiting for replies from the other people involved in giving us the prizes.
Wow. Okay.
We'll keep you posted, folks.
Inhale right now and we'll let you know when he can let it out and your breath, too.
Now that he wasn't just taken over local Iraqi radio and TV,
what should be the first show on air is what our question is on eorogers.com.
Another nifty poll, if you ask me, 145 votes already on air and we're still building the list.
We're still building our poll.
South Park Movie 26.
I'm trying to think about, I think I actually saw the South Park movie.
Where would I have seen that?
I think I was in Toronto.
I saw that thing because there are bunch of assholes.
If you'll hungry show 13, the Osborne 13, they watched 12, Gong show 12.
The O'Rodger show is zipping up there fast, 11.
How do you like that?
Oh, God.
That's what you, that'll be a cool day in hell before they let this show on air over there.
Saturday night live, 11, American Idol 11, dream of Genie 7, Jerry Spinger show 5.
Are you hot?
Five?
Benny, him four.
Look at I just say, are you hot and red women calls nodding, etc.
Oh, boy.
Man, these people with an egos, you know what?
He gets along with most so well.
I know he's busy. He's on a computer looking at naked pictures.
Like always.
Well, Georgian here to share with him, so he's got to do something.
I heard George does share with him.
I'm a treasure island now.
So what was the story of treasure island last night?
Anybody get lucky there or what?
Well, I kept getting pod.
I get pod more than most of the women there.
Yeah.
By the strippers.
You were pod by the strippers.
I thought maybe by some of our regular chronics were pod over you.
Since they can't get close to the strippers.
Maybe Fat Boy was there pod over Little Beener Boy, huh?
Actually, Fat Boy and Miguel had a little booth in the back by themselves.
Did they really?
Yeah.
Was cute.
Video at 11.
1027 at 560 W.C.M.
I'm not telling you that Clarence there is nobody like Clarence Dero in the world, you know?
He is the best.
You asked for money and he's got it.
This comes in with a big smile on his face.
All you ladies out there speaking of hot couples.
Seriously, let's get him laid this year.
This year, just once.
Just to show you that we appreciate profoundly the fact that he actually delivers the cash.
The beesleaves are too happy about they like him the stall.
But he brings it on the day that's due to be delivered.
This year, there's only seven months left.
Yeah.
There's only seven months left.
For this year?
Eight and a half.
Not this time, I checked.
Ten.
Seven and a half?
What an idiot.
Now, look at it.
No, he's c-
And Miguel goes to the calendar.
Now, he's counting the months off the calendar, okay?
If this is the fourth month of the year, Carlos, how many months are left after you?
But looks like eight and a half to me.
He's got eight and a half long months.
He can almost knock some brides.
I mean, he can almost have a macchi-looking contraception in that period of time.
Come on, saw you ladies out there.
All you sluts in the audience, they want it really bad.
From anybody who would even do beater boy.
I mean, I understand that, you know, clearance has got bad breath.
And he talks a lot of crap.
And he will bite your arm up and down one side of the other.
But in the mean time, if you can ignore that.
Just for like a body suit.
You some of that duct tape over his push.
Hey, I'll tell you a place where you're going to have a great time for lunch or dinner late nights.
And that's the world famous pizza loft.
And now, it's Passover only days away.
They've got that notorious Mots of pizza.
It is unleavened for Pesach.
Whatever the hell that means.
Even the goi-m'n'jure, the Mots of pizza every year, and the Mots of Lasagna as well.
Delicious, even better, I think than the original stuff.
That's how good it is.
So now, there's four kinds of pizza for you to enjoy at the pizza loft.
They've got every kind of pasta dish out of the sun.
They've got chicken and veal seafood, Fugans of pizza, calzone, super subs.
And the prices are teeny and tiny.
The food is fresh and delicious.
And they've also now got two great locations for you at the pizza loft.
The original Broward location, as you know.
It's right behind Pier 1 imports on university drive between Gryffit and 595.
Right across from the complex where the Rimmers and Eddie Jones live.
For take out delivery in catering, call 954-916-8880.
954-916-8880.
Don't forget great catering as low as 5 bucks per person.
For any affair you've got coming up, Jeff knows is affairs.
And now the new Broward location is out by me in Western Broward.
And that's the corner of Nbilan Sunrise behind Walgreens in that strip shopping center.
Not easy to see from the street, but they've got plenty of free parking there right in front of the joint.
And the food is the same great food and the same low prices at the plantation, pizza loft.
Call 954-382-1999.
3A2-1999, it's a fantastic place to take the whole gang and earn a swig in for a feast.
And a price that's just a pittance, even a rimm or a pick up the check.
At the world famous pizza loft, two locations in Broward.
My and local, this is 420-560.
Way to go, yeah.
Oh, you're good, good.
When you get a yeast infection, you use one of those messy creams.
Don't you?
Yeah.
There may be an easier way.
It's a pill, Diplocan.
Just one pill is as effective as the leading seven-day queen without the mess.
Okay.
Do not use Diplocan if you are nursing.
If you are pregnant or taking other medications, talk to your doctor.
Do not take Diplocan if you are taking propulsid.
I am taking propulsid, but it's not like my vagina is going to explode or really.
Oh no, it's gross.
I need to miss a good wrench, could fix the mess.
For more information, ask your doctor or visit our website.
I don't have that.
Diplocan.
1033 at 560 WQA.
I am so anyway, Miguel is researching the thing about Jews that are gusting whether they
can be members of the club or not.
That's one call we had, I think that said it all.
Because the guy who was on the board of directors was obviously either had a very Jewish name
by accident or who was on the tribe.
What is this though?
Billy Eli, smoking out evil.
It's time to bomb Iraq.
It's time to shoot to kill a lot of them.
What is the story on this song?
Is this an anti-war?
Is this a protestive?
Well, we'll have to listen a little bit.
Okay.
Just came in a mail.
Good old boy song.
Let's play for Hoody Johnson.
Okay.
He's a good old boy.
A Jeweling Redneck.
Well, I'm serious.
He's just a Jew.
He like Jesse Helms, man.
Just a Jeweling Yahoo.
Oh, and speaking of somebody called a couple of weeks ago about Graham.
Lindsey Graham is who they were talking about.
The Senator from South Carolina.
I remember he was prominently involved in the penis gate impeachment hearings.
Yeah.
Lindsey Graham, another Jeweling Yahoo.
Man, there's something about the deep sound.
Oh, thanks very much for the Molly Ivean's article, which I was just going to read a little
bit because I already had it.
But thank you anyway.
Bush offers cooks and more monitors to lead Iraq.
She's something she is really great.
And I got the poll for tomorrow on the weekend.
Thanks to a facts here, our most chronic one of our most chronic factors.
First of all, they say first TV show has to be a Marlins game.
No.
Then it goes on to say Moa Howard Broadcast 11 times from Masters and played the course twice,
which I heard him say several times this morning.
Can you say ego and air go?
There's our poll for tomorrow.
Yeah, for tomorrow and through the weekend, who has the biggest ego in the world.
So far, I have two candidates only.
One of them, of course, being Moe and the other one being...
Just tell me what your problem is.
Steve, Mr. Ego Kane.
Now you are pointing to that cherry.
We're going to say George were you?
I wasn't going to say and I was pointing at the church.
You can say it.
George has a big ego.
You were saying that he's got a big head lately.
I said that about little George.
Yeah, you're right.
I did say that.
And we'll put him on there.
Well, let's go and start from the name tomorrow's poll eventually.
But see, I shouldn't have said that because now they'll be calling in names for that.
One poll at a time.
Okay.
One poll per customer at a time.
Well, here's the facts you're saying.
And we're a little slow.
We apologize.
He suggested Dallas, the Iraqi should know the truth.
A tyrant from Texas, interested only in oil.
There you go.
There you go.
J.R.U.ing, W. Bush.
And you had to do it with the deserts in Texas.
Now, you think I should open this or not?
Where's this from?
Old plantation?
I don't think so.
I think it's really a box of cigars or something.
Sure.
Huh?
I don't know.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, God.
How about you just got dog crap in it?
Huh?
What a piece of prize.
Now it's got a note.
Oh, God.
Here's a gift.
Uh-oh.
Here's a gift for 20 years of great free radio.
A scary book of them.
Hell, you're listening to J.G.
Thank you, J.G.
It's a book in here, okay?
Oh, it is.
What?
Well, they've got this queen and duct tape on.
It's okay.
So must be pretty a subversive stuff.
Because you can barely open it and think.
And Thrac.
Into the buzz saw, leading journalist exposed the myth of a free press.
Oh, right forward by Gorf et al.
Thank you, J.G.
In plantation.
You were making fun of this package.
Very nice.
Christ almighty.
You were making fun of a girls package.
You're a good one to talk.
Don't forget Mrs. Wallace and, uh, what's your name?
Precious.
The chimpanzee on the passions today and Sheridan and Louise and, uh, Antonio.
And poor little, uh, what's your name?
What is your name?
The sister.
What those little, uh, I can't even think of her name anymore.
Who now cares about her?
The sister on passions, the little mouse you want to use to do the Alice in Wonderland routine all the time.
Oh, yeah.
See even you know who that is.
Teresa, I'm sorry, Teresa.
Oh.
So many characters and so little time.
Look at the size of this thing.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Here, reach you going to that desk and pulling out what?
Oh.
Ah.
See what that looks like.
Well, it's just jammed in here.
Man, it's jammed in there.
Jammed up and jelly tight.
Who's saying that, Tommy Rowe?
Some schmuck.
I think Tommy Rowe's going to be performing a Gulf Stream this weekend.
If not, he should be.
With all those other old washed up, you know, like Gary Puckett.
And of course, uh, the Brooklyn Bridge.
In fact, I think some of the people out there would like to see the people at Rungel Stream go to the Brooklyn Bridge and jump.
The Stonach family.
Here we go.
I'm getting it out of here now.
Page by, uh, I don't, I don't want to break the book, you know.
I mean, there's nothing like making sure the package is like really, I mean tight as a drum.
During a break, I'll do it.
It's must sound really bad on the air.
Not to, not to mention, affect the looks so bad.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I'll read that Molly Ivenscom.
The thing by Michael Moore, by the way, was great.
It's on our website.
It's on yourrangers.com along with 600 other great bedtime stories.
You ought to be checking out our website, okay?
Those percentage of you out there who aren't all sucked into this crap.
And you know that percentage is what it is according to the polls.
Not third man.
Right.
Isn't that funny how that's what it turns out to be?
I think it's a lot more than that.
I think that they're just manipulating public opinion.
No, they wouldn't.
When they asked the poll, they say, uh, you support our troops.
And by the way, what about to the president of the war?
You know, but just word our troops.
Damn liberal media.
That guy was right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Now he's got, now he's got some money in his pocket.
He got his check.
Now he's really got to be dangerous.
Watch out for being in war over the weekend.
He's loaded, man.
He's got a big fat bulge in his pocket.
Probably drugs.
Where is the bargains you might ask?
Well, I'll tell you, the bargains are at the Swap Shop.
Boy, press that on his hand.
They're still doing it over there for about 600 years.
They've been going strong.
Over 88 acres, chocolate, a bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors.
The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight.
And at night, the Swap Shop has got the world's largest 13 screen drive in movie theater
featuring great first-round movies.
Why does so many people shop at the Swap Shop?
Not to see press the North share of Nick.
No place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand they merchandise at flea market prices.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guaranteed.
Free admission, free parking, seven days a week.
The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop every Thursday.
Be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday like today.
Free grind sale space before 5 a.m. and Mondays all day long.
All of these things and lots more waiting for you at the Swap Shop.
Sunrise Boulevard between I-95 and the Turnpike.
Call 954791 Swap.
Don't miss the free million dollar free ring circus seven days a week too.
As a matter of fact, you've got like jammed up an nasal passages.
You just go to the Swap Shop.
When the circus is on man, it'll open them up like a miracle.
The Swap Shop. Call 954791 Swap.
My name is Luke Holt.
This is 440560.
You may come lay.
That the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Go down.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
We got a willing coalition.
That's Exxon in the shale.
How bird carlockers in Texas go as well.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
Well, we lack the free food.
What's this guy's name again?
Billy Eli is in it.
Billy Eli is in sixth Inhal.
 opinions.
Not bad, huh? I mean the music could use a little bit of work but lyrics are good little ballsy Austin Texas no less
I won't see him no more
Did you check this website out that I gave you this thing yesterday?
Which the guy faxed me again just now yes, I did and not bad not bad
Web camsoo dot demon dot nl on nl Netherlands. It's Dutch some of the links are a little slow
But that might have been my computer. So I'll take a look at it
Yeah, somebody your operators a little slow to not to mention no names five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
Only 18 and teen for eyes on wireless line now that the West is taking over Iraq radio and TV
What should be the first show on the year South Park show movie 40 near Roger show 38. How do you like that? All right
They watched 21 the Osborne's 21
Saturday night live 15 Jerry Springer show 15 Phil Henry show 15 are you
Merck and idle 14 the Gong show 13 I dream a genie 11 Benny Hins got 10
Are you hot six?
Gun smoke five Oprah five Culliante for passions for a
Sharon are you hot?
For your horses change sure and what's all that stress?
Dallas three and then the list goes the beat goes on I
Guess we'll save the Molly Ivan's column for next star
But I tell you one thing this week the time every day. It seems like the time is getting away from us, you know, I mean
Seems like life is passing us by yes rich factor. I do a subscribe to salon dot com
And I got that piece and thank you very much. It's great
I meant to tell you remember that that salon dot com was us poor slippers
Can only get like a little paragraph of the stories unless we get pretty bucks. Yes
Okay, just you know
Yeah, but if you go under the first time you can get one day free if you agree to read in some dumb ad and
Then just say well, it was interesting. No, I subscribe. I can squeeze out a couple bucks
Especially now the clearance brought in those paycheck. Nice going clearance
Still nobody called in yet. They want to do them yet
Except maybe he might WQ I am
Yeah, you guys are missing great
Show that I like it watch. Okay
Happy days happy days would be good happy days would be great
As long as we left off Tom Bosley they might get depressed when they saw him ago. That's all right. Okay, thanks
Okay, good choice happy days. How what do you say? I think we got a bit unhappy days, don't we?
Now I thought for damn sure we have we have happy new
WQ I am
Q a M hello. Yes, man
60
560 I want to speak to Neil. Please speaking
This is Neil. Yes, man
Don't sound like that. Well, I'll put out a voice. I'll put on my sit on mustache and grow up your glasses, but it's me
That's okay. Okay. You don't have to do that. Well, it's right over here. I can do it
Listen, I'm first time caller excellent and in homestead
Well, and I had a great one you could put on your service. Okay, I'll keep bunker
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's perfect. That's all in the all your family and you want to know why this this morning when Mo Howard was talking about Augusta
He said there were no sand traps in the Augusta. They're only bunkers. And I thought yeah Archie bunker
Thanks very much. We'd art. It would be great. Be perfect. Thanks. Yeah, thanks
Have a great day, buddy. Archie ball on the family got it on the family Archie bunker
I mean we got a bunch of those
Including men we also got what's that one?
Which one the moan goldie one? No, no, no, you're like you're on a different planet, man
You're like on Uranus well, they think of the theme song black all in a family
And the alkydda family that I played the other day
We got all kinds of good crap. Maybe just just too much crap. I feel like I'm losing control here
We got crap flying all directions
WQIN
Yes, how you doing okay? You know, it's funny
You you want
Shows for Iraq but the other two show the war behind closed doors. Yeah, then they can run around around and say we're number one
Okay
Have a great one. Okay, you too
Yeah, they can have the rummagedale cool and pal bad. Let's go and I'll be behind closed doors, huh?
We don't want to see that be bad for their morale the truth the truth shall set you free
But of course, so you think you're free, but since we're in there you're obviously not. We'll let you know when you're free
As soon as we open up that first McDonald's well, there's the there's the Shmata heads in Dearborn Michigan again
For legislative sympathizers of Paris going out you know, I say you know, I say
Scooch
And then after that the bill how come they're showing them from that angle, you know, because it makes you look like there's a lot more
But look at the bad seat. It's like about what 40?
Don't think there's that many if not there I don't think there are for it anymore like
Third man. Yeah
Quite a gathering there. It's kind of like down here at the INS building that time
Oh, there's massive protest and then as the camera pan to a way of soda like a handful of people
Yeah, same hysterical media always exaggerating always building up a bunch of hysteria
Trying to get people whipped up into a frenzy to watch their crap
WQ I am
Speaking
Hello. Yes, this is me. Oh, I need a
I wanted to tell you did you have I know a guy called in yesterday
Tell me how expensive something
That the army in the toilet balls and things like that
Have you ever checked into the the Bradley tank and the expense that they that were through to make that?
No, oh
You just check out
Is a movie that's called
Can't think of a Pentagon wars, okay, and that's that that's a true story and it just blows your mind away
They spend like thirty million dollars just to to set up the tank before you put it in process
Mm-hmm, and it's very interesting. Well, it's our money, too. I just might point that out to us. Yeah, it's good
Okay, thanks for the good news. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye-bye
Here's Doug and Pemberpines is perhaps we can obtain the tapes from Channel 7's coverage of Gulf War 1 in 1991
If they can see Rick Sanchez squatting over their country
Maybe the Iraqi people realize what bushing all the other right wing fascists really think of them Iraqi freedom
My ass. It's all about oil baby says Doug and Pemberpines also says at the end and spells it with several H's
Sensation was saying something about the Iraqi's getting the first taste of freedom and right behind them was like 10 Marines with machine gun
Yeah, look at over them. That's right. That's freedom. How much fear can you be than that?
Back on US interest inside the United States who are brought in spite of this war and is the story that you just pointed out with the clerks
Spirt a lot of
Religious sentiment around the world. I went yesterday to the FBI to try and find out some of the reasons for the success in the war on terrorism
So oh here this is another propaganda specialist Chris Wittgen the former FBI agent. He's always a sucking heavy wind
Dallas is on the list twice it says here. Oh, don't tell me Eric made a mistake. Oh, thank you very much whoever facts this
Whoever's monitoring Eric's
Else is Dallas and you're right and it's got three votes in one spot one another looks like four to me, okay
Gee, that's probably your fault. Did you put it on there twice you a little beater boy head?
Well, Kathy Eric's fault nothing is there it's fall like I said nothing is perfect get out of here
That was great. Such a good mood this week. You know no George and no PD Lenny in the building and oh door opens and there's that PD Lenny again
Just you know cut the cord cut the cord go away. Okay. Don't the go away, man. Just go away
I'm just nauseous and he spends a half hour of my time on a sick as a dog and he's like
That's grand can you believe that and he's back in here again just cut the cord go away
Yeah, well, no, huh? You got to treat him well. No, he's one of our sponsors. No, I do not treat him well
I don't care if he's bringing in bucket full of money. He can he can stick it right up his fat old ass
Can't stand that man
W-Q-A-M George
Wait, what was that George? He's gone. I don't know. It sounded like one of the it sounded like the breathing guy didn't
W-Q-A-M
567-0560
567-0560 on the AT&T line. How you doing sir?
chilling chilling
Hey, you had the article on a bus flash about alienaroth Latin supporting Iranian terrorist
Supporting Iranian terrorist. Yeah, look at up on busflash.com. I just want the people of Florida. They know what kind of a fucking put
567-0560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and horizon wireless line
But early out of this like I knew to one hour big time and scrubs up to listen to it also is what I'm hearing
W-Q-A-M
I beg your pardon I got a show you had a show okay go right ahead you run right now all right
Here's a guy that's got a show hello
How you doing? The first show should be that walled on on e
with bookberg
What's the show show? Wild on well wild on
Wow, okay, they can do it on a run. Okay, thanks. Yeah, we'll give you a new phone too by red foam blows
wild on
You ever see that show?
Great is it oh
Skin every what's all it's on what it did night. It's how much Canadian to tell it is more a
not e
1056-560 WQ-A-M got the mad dog from Atlanta of course. He's not Jewish anyways. I was talking about all of Jews and then this radio station
Jews and jocks Jews and jocks Jews and jocks
He'll be at Augusta of course when they find out that he's really Jewish they're gonna kick his ass off the air
That's why Joe Rosal probably have to work tomorrow Hank Goldberg at three who's very Jewish
He'll be here three to six thirty marlin's our decades six thirty because now that hangs on three to seven unfortunately
We don't have room anymore for our good close personal friends. We use these alarm truck bar problems the crow
Marlins baseball and marlins in the mess
705 the night Eddie can't follow the baseball game good luck to him on that count and Joe and Mark overnight
Here's a great story lights a West Boker. They can help you lose that weight
Boy good luck to dr. Bob by the way. We're praying for dr. Bob Atkins have a little fall on the ice
Got some my head problems. Anyway speaking of Atkins over a 700 low-carb sugar-free products are in stock in delights
Whether it's the number one Atkins died or any other low-carb sugar-free diet that you're on trying desperately lose that white
Delights is a story you're gonna love in West Boker because everything the story is just for you
No crap come in and sample some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies by
Control-carb and each of them has only one effective gram of carbs per serving
Don't forget to like some credible selection of low-carb pasta sauces
Dressing cheesecakes chocolates and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream
Don't forget at Delights of West Boker all your Atkins brand products are 25% off all day every day
Stop by talk to their knowledgeable staff and you'll see what I've been telling about this incredible store for over three years now
They're one of a kind they're open every day 10 to 10 and you'll be finding them on the northeast corner of glades and
441 right next to Boston market column toll-free at 1-877 low-carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com
The lights of West Boker your official Atkins retail center get well soon. Dr. Bob
This is the Neorodger show
Ah
This is you're angels
Questions
Play
Uh
You
Right
I want to know Black people with good.
In the week of New York, I like Black people with good people.
Over guys I knew were straight.
Why do you want to be straight?
I'm kidding, I'm the Ronald Ren Gray.
The one that's not right.
11-1-560 WQAM.
Here's one that says we should broadcast the prices right to the Iraqi people.
It's a brilliant show in pure Americana and Bob Barker.
Hey, what the hell, why not?
Huh?
At least he's got his own wheel here.
What is the driven snow?
Why not?
Price is right. Get it on there before Bob Croaks.
I mean, what's the story with Rod Roddy?
He's not on the show anymore.
Is he?
The last couple of times I came across that show, no Rod Roddy.
Maybe they've wrapped him up on one of those big silk suits he used to buy in Thailand.
Huh? Probably not going to Thailand anymore these days.
Or to China, or to Hong Kong, Singapore.
What do you think?
Well, you see the SARS thing is from cockroaches.
They say cockroaches that got into the drains in China.
I'd have heard that.
And picked up this bizarre strain of the...
What if I had a coronaviruses in it?
The cause of the common cold, but a very, very hostile strain.
And then kind of that apartment complex.
And then of course then people started running around and...
There you go.
If it's not something else, if it's not LaBamba, if it's not a terrorist, if it's not the SARS, it's something else to get you know.
Molly Ivan's rights bush offers Crooks and Warmongers to lead a rack.
She is one of the very best, by the way.
She says, oh good.
It looks as though we're going to have a big fight over post-war plans for a rack as we did over the war itself.
Just what we need, more of everybody being at everybody else's throat.
Defense Secretary Rumsfeld, who seems to have heard to run the world,
favors one Ahmed Chalabi of the Iraq National Congress and Exile Emigray Group as post-war leader Reed Figgerhead Puppet.
Chalabi is bitterly opposed by both the State Department and the CIA.
According to Nightrider's Jonathan Landay, American military planes flew Chalabi and 700 troops,
the newly named first battalion and free-racky forces in Anaziria Sunday to be integrated into General Tommy Frank's command.
Landay reports senior administration officials said that Chalabi had had difficulty recruiting enough to go into southern Iraq and may have tapped it as credit in a broader brigade and Iranian-backed Shiite Muslim-ma Group to get his 700 soldiers.
Think how happy the Iraqis will be to see some detachment from their old enemy Iran.
Landay also reports it was information provided by Chalabi that Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz, a prewar belief that Iraqis would rise up and welcome the invading coalition with open arms,
that the Republican guard would surrender in droves and the government sought of who would send with crumble in a matter of days.
One hesitates to make sweeping generalizations but anyone who studied the history of Emigray groups into the endless fighting,
infighting and delusional quality of the Emigray culture, see if you can think of an example.
This gets better.
Chalabi's been an exile for four decades and in 1992 he was convicted on multiple counts of embezzlement with hundreds of millions of dollars in Jordan after the failure of his bank there.
He was sentenced to, and I see they sent me this and it's partly chopped off.
Thanks very much but I prefer to read my own.
Where the hell is it?
Huh?
I feel like Casey Kason now and that thing we put the other day.
Is done on the phone? Here it is.
See, this one is pristine, it's beautiful.
Thanks very much but send me a better copy next time Carl, thank you.
Thanks for the attempt.
Uh, let's see.
He was sentenced to 22 years in prison he escaped from Jordan reportedly in the trunk of a car and wound up in London.
Dick Cheney is also a Chalabi fan.
The Iraqi National Congress has received millions in Americans aid money but the accounting has been very poor for a familiar story and quite a bit of the money is unaccounted for.
Chalabi favors civilian row suits.
The Rumsfeld Wolfowitz choice for a vice-roy designated for Racky's general J. Garner, head of the Pentagon's office for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance,
Garner is a retired military man with links to both the international arms industry and a Jewish lobby group.
After retiring from the army, Garner became president of S. Cullman, a defense contractor specializing in military defense technology, is currently on leave of absence from the company.
The problem of Garner's alleged Zionist sympathies is also causing talk.
He visited Israel as a guest of the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs and signed a statement in October 2000 blaming the Palestinian authority for the violence after the collapse of peace talks and praising the remarkable restrain of the Israeli army.
The third member of the Trump Racky's former CIA chief James Wolsey, who said last week that Iraq is opening the fourth world war, counting the Cold War as three,
and that America's enemies include the religious rulers in Iran, states like Syria and Islamic terrorist groups.
So we've got a crook, a Zionist, an old spy who thinks this is the beginning of WW4 set to run Iraq. How lucky can the Iraqis get?
Is this what we thought we were fighting for?
According to David Sanger's analysis in New York Times, some hawks in the administration are convinced that Iraq will serve as a cautionary example of what can happen to other states that refuse to abandon their programs to build weapons of mass destruction and argument that John Bolton, the Undersecretary State Farms Control, has made several times in recent speeches.
The administration's more pragmatic wing fears that the war's lesson will be just the opposite, that the best way to avoid American military action is to build a fearsome arsenal quickly and make the cost of conflict too high for Washington.
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Senator Ted Stevens and Desad last week that New York City's cops and firefighters should work overtime without pay as the war time sacrifice.
I really feel strongly that we ought to find some way to convince the people that there ought to be some volunteerism at home.
Those people overseas in the desert, they're not getting overtime. I don't know why the people working for the cities and counties ought to be paid overtime when they're responding to matters of national security.
Stevens, Republican of Alaska, just voted for tax cuts that will give those who make a million dollars a year, $92,000 more to spend on polo ponies, some must sacrifice more than others.
Right, smally Ivans, oh, God. How is it that there are so many stupid people out there, huh? Stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic jerks.
Exactly, couldn't say better myself.
More tax cuts for the rich, but you fired, especially in New York, the firemen and policemen should work overtime for free and make a sacrifice.
The ones who are still alive after 9-11, by the way. Oh, my God. When are you people? Let me say it again. The only people who should be of supporting this corrupt bunch of lunatics you have in there who stole the control of the government are the ultra wealthy and the ultra right wing.
The religious nuts, that's it. So if really they have 70% of approval and time to head for the airport, plus that passport, find someplace where it's safe.
Finland, because believe me, we're finished. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning to you, OK?
A couple of quick things. I was just transporting some people in my cab and the woman remarked to me about the yellow ribbon.
And I said, yeah, I got a yellow ribbon because I support the troops, but I'm against the law. She says, how could that be?
You know, and I explained to her and she says, well, I don't want to go there, but she's fine. It's OK. But it's just that's the mindset of people.
Again, it's just they can't comprehend now. You could, you know, support that. But anyway, you got a great idea for the next poll already. You already said it.
Yeah, what's the next country that we invade?
That's pretty sure list.
Yeah, but you know, you never know. It's just you think it's very next.
Yeah.
OK.
Well, Rumsfeld keeps making that noise every day. So it must be a some message in there.
Yeah, well, you never know with Rummy, but like you said with Sharon and there are a bunch of right wing lunatics there, but we don't look at that because if you happen to be Jewish like I am and you are, you got to go along with the flow.
No, no, I don't go along with it either. No, I don't go along with it because it's not the right thing to do.
You have a good day.
I'm back to you here.
Get out of those settlements. OK, you crazy old Jews.
Now, where's the thing I was going to read here moments ago? You got so much crap. I feel like Rick Riden. I got so much crap.
I'm not quite as, uh, quite as Yahoo.
Yahoo.
Phil and Margate says I'm a big fan of your show, but I have to admit that I've been in a faithfulist of Howard Stern. That's OK.
Lately, however, I've been turning you show at 9 a.m. instead because when, uh, instead of when Howard Chowans because of his ridiculous political rants about the Iraq Volshman and is leaning more and more to the far right.
Oh, I even turned the channel when he starts to spew his crap early in the show.
I've always considered Howard clever and insightful, but that feeling is lost for good.
I enjoy his humor, but he must drop his political talk because he is simply not that bright to look past the bush propaganda machine.
Ironically, Howard Chow has been censored now more than ever by the same regime he supports dumb Howard.
As your father said long ago, don't be so stupid. You moron. Phil and Margate, and you might be interested in filling out speaking to being censored.
The SEC now is threatening infinity broadcasting for how it works that if they ever get another one of the major fines are going to well, yank their licenses since they've paid millions and millions and millions of dollars of fines over the years.
The SEC can yank their license.
Oh, absolutely. I thought they just couldn't renew. They know.
No, they can revoke your license. How about that?
So, you know, I don't know what he thinks he's going to accomplish by his pandering or maybe that has something to do with it.
I have no idea.
But I never really considered Howard Stern or even Howard David to be lucky, great political analyst. You know what I'm saying?
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
Stick to the dikes. Okay. Howard the dikes and the big breasts.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Now that he was just taking over a rack your radio and TV, what should be the first show on it?
For them to be seen, you'll run your show 56 on a rack your radio. How do you like that?
When is this? I'm sorry. That's wrong language. What do you say to them?
Happy to see you, my friend. The South Park movie. Oh, that's right. That's Pakistan. South Park movie 51 Baywatch 24.
The Osborne's 23. Fill hand. We show only 21. Are you sure?
Certainly in our life. 16. Jerry Springer show 16. Benning in 15. The Gong show 15. Agribin. Genie 15. American Idol 14. Are you hot eight?
Hogan's heroes and the whatever guns. Well down from their single digits.
And the list goes on to America's and the world's biggest egos tomorrow on our pull 11 past 11. A Q. A.M.
How many times did you hear about a great opportunity? Something that sounded pretty good, but you just didn't reach out and grab it in time.
And then it was gone. It missed out right now. One of those times not too late to do it though rarely does an opportunity interrupt what you're doing, but you ought to think about this right now.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than ever before financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45%. Then they lowered it to 2.95%. Now the good news is rates have gone even lower.
2.45% financing the financial group you heard right 2.45%. Call financial group toll free. Ask away. There's no obligation. Call 1-800-940 land and they'll explain it all to you.
How long will those low interest rates last? Nobody knows, but possibly not very long. It's a window of opportunity. So go through with an
Ancule Group and get an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself thousands of dollars. Call financial group 1-800-940 land.
What will 2.45% financing due to those monthly payments? Here are the answers. A $200,000 loan cost you only $786 a month, a $100,000 loan cost you only $393 a month.
Do it right now. Call financial group and 1-800-940 land. That's 1-800-940 land or an equal housing lender. Creder restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice. 5.34 APR.
We're supporting you 560, QAM.
O-R-O-N.
The foolish constituent side, that's the true, you're a former tiny little island. That's maybe 20 feet wide, y'all y'all. You know what else can's why you're widened.
Outside the day, county line, I miss Cuban, that can be when it's immediate for me to be a spanner. Promoting community panic.
For the media camera.
Every professional little coward wearing on my sleeve like on your savior. For your meaning is causes. And your abort and behavior.
Love it 16 stupid bitches, right? That's an understatement I think. That's f***ing bad.
It would be more like it. Here's the story that the caller was talking about from a publication called The Hill News as in Capitol Hill.
Representative Ross Lighten and defense Iranian group labeled terrorist front for Sodom Hussein.
You ready for this? We're going to get this on a website too when I get done with it. When we get done with her.
A senior lawmaker on the House International Relations Committee is defender ongoing support for a group these state departments says is a terrorist organization fighting against coalition troops in Iraq.
The group loves the U.S. They were assisting us in the war on terrorism. Their pro-U.S. had representative Iliana Ross Rosanna-Dana-Latinen in an interview with The Hill.
This group has not been fighting against the U.S. It's simply not true she insisted. Ross Latinen is the chairwoman of the panel Central Asia and Middle East subcommittee.
The group known as the Mujahideen E-Calc M-E-K is an Iranian opposition group in Iraq.
The U.S. intelligence and diplomatic community agrees that M-E-K is funded by Sodom Hussein as engaged in efforts by the Iraqi leaders to suppress Kurd and Shiite uprisings. Ah, Shiite, there she goes again.
The group killed several Americans during the 70s that also participated in the 79 to 81 U.S. Embassy seizure in Tehran. In 1997 the M-E-K and its various appendages were designated a foreign terrorist organization.
Last week the State Department spokesman Greg Sullivan told The Hill the M-E-K is considered a combatant and U.S. officials believe that soldiers are undertaking some of the action in the south of Iraq where enemy combatants have disguised themselves as civilians.
This was dated April 8th two days ago.
Ross Latinen vehemently disputed state's assertion to the Washington Times calling the spokeswoman a weasel and a gutless bureaucrat who will come out of his cave, the spokesman.
Sullivan did not respond to requests for further comment.
Ross Latinen dismissed the group's anti-American actions and as passed history she said it has no bearing on what's going on right now in the field.
Ah, yeah, and Fidel, those past actions of his, that's ancient history, Ilyani, he's a good guy now. He's our Paisani, he's our buddy.
Oh, it's big on him. Do you see what he's doing out of the dissidents to the journalists?
No.
Oh yeah, he's put him in jail for like 27 years and all I got to do is like fart the wrong direction and he's just whipping up again.
I say let's go get his ass now.
Then you'll have my support.
Then we can really have something going on in this community we can all get excited about and for good reason.
Can you even imagine?
Ooh, anyway, in no meeting or briefing I've ever attended as anyone called this group anti-US terrorist organization she continued, adding that the group has provided useful intelligence to the US government on Iran's nuclear ambitions.
Ross Layton further said there is widespread support in Congress for the MAK and then it'll be one of the leading groups in establishing secular government in Iran.
In November she released the letter support for the MAK that she said had the backing of 150 colleagues whom she repeatedly refused to identify, not a single one of them.
Because of the Iranian President Katami's well-funded campaign, I propaganda lies in this information.
I've decided not to release the names of these signers.
She's just like a lot of those members in our coalition and this latest glorious freedom of fight.
They won't say no names.
The Democratic anonymous republic.
In October as Ross Layton's letter circulated the House representatives Henry Hyden Tom Lantos, Republican and Democrat respectively, the chairman and making member of the House International Relations Committee also wrote to their colleagues.
The lawmakers let us off to give colleagues full and accurate information on the MAK.
We are strong opponents of the current government of Iran but don't believe that it's necessary to use terrorism or make common cause with Saddam Hussein to change Iran's government height in Lantos road, especially in view of the fact that the MAK is based in Iraq as taking part in operations against the Kurds and Shiites as been responsible for killing Americans in Iran as the support of the take over the American Embassy in Tehran.
We wanted you to have the full background on this organization as most recently reported by the Department of State, Sue May decide whether the lender named this letter of support.
It further advised some colleagues have signed similar letters in the past and then been embarrassed when confronted with accurate information about the MAK.
Committee spokesman Sam Stratman acknowledged the letter was sent in the fall but declined to characterize its context.
The Congresswoman had informed her colleagues about the group and there's a lot more which we can put it on our website today.
How do you like them apples?
Iliana Ross Rosanna Dana, you sc...
An embarrassment to this community but of course she's got a job for life and you want to know why?
We know why.
Because she's...
It's just like in the olden days that Miami Beach when all the Jewish politicians get all the old Jews to vote for them.
It's the same birds of a feather vote together. They flock together.
Same old tired crap. Don't use your brain to cast a vote. You know, just look for a name that looks like it sounds like yours. It ends in a Z.
Here's a fact that says, you know, a high-neil and Carlos or you should get a lot of a play on this now after only four days.
I returned yesterday from which trip to Germany wanted to come out on the night and day difference.
The reason I paused there is because night it went over to two lines and the typing and said, NIG.
And then the HTR and I...well, I never know what they're going to say. On the night and day difference.
At first glance, the coverage by television outlets like BBC World CNN International and the various German networks like ZDFNDR, 3SAT is not all that different.
The main difference seems to be an extra layer of editorial spin the American network sad.
The European outlets seem not to have the need to go into lowest common denominator explanations for every story they're showing.
The stories are allowed to speak for themselves and there's just as much coverage of Pentagon and US-UK field commander press conferences as there are in the US channel.
As an example, the Iraqi Information Ministry where it goes on about that.
One other comment while the American commanders match up what were the UK counterparts as far as being spoken well,
interviews with British and Listedmen come across as honest and even thoughtful while the American troops shown speaking and acting with no commentary by reporters or anchors seem only to reinforce the worst-durey spring of anis-pads.
That's bad we don't want to knock the troops. There are lots of kids, most of them.
In addition to which it's not their fault, that's America for you. Many education systems are starting to compare the American education with the Brits.
I'm sorry, but we're just not as polished as they are. Just look at the President and Tony Blair.
Is there any comparison there? A bad one. These kids are just regurgitating what they hear.
So back to the fourth world mayasma that is outflow. At least we have the one true Neil God to show us the way.
And there's another beater boy. I suppose I support my Armano Carlos in his quest. Armano without an H. Are you sure he's a beater boy?
I support my ERMANO. That's not even I know that. Armano.
And he's talking about people being illiterate. Bob come on Bob. Armano with an H sweetheart in his quest to banish El Cubano.
George has worked on a Mosho is filling producer. What? Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's get George out of Mosho.
Yeah, they can patch up the old fence there. You know the one at the little problem they had.
Here's one that says somebody signs it troubled in Miami. Fox is briefly reporting that Rummy has ordered round the clock.
Fire. What is it? I can't read this.
Airing of old combat reruns with it with Vic Moral kept off by the director's cut of a apocalypse down Iraqi TV.
Thank you. Bad handwriting with good facts. Thank you.
God so much crap and so little time. You know what?
And months that the Iraqi masses in Iraq are going to be fighting against the American invaders.
And here they see not just civilians welcoming the allied forces but kids ages between 12 and 14.
You cannot stage that thing. This is a reflection of what the mothers feel. Meaning are they going to sell out a happy meals in McDonald's man?
Yeah, it's going to be great. Get that fall to McDonald's stock. Goose it right up there, baby.
And that Coca-Cola stock, even though they still all years, get that resuscitated too.
And then we can get some good dentists in there. You know, because boy, they could sure use some help.
Once we start rotting what they have left of their teeth with that coke with a pure sugar like taking it like just sucking on sugar.
Like taking a goddamn syringe and putting sugar into your veins.
And you know something it's really fascinating while they're putting on a happy face on the news channels the last two days.
And we're seeing the statues coming down another one of case you missed it and Kirk cooked this morning. Another statue got taken down.
But the market yesterday took a dump and it's taken another one day. You want to know why?
Because all the euphoria about how quickly the war went and we took over Baghdad and Sodom's probably dead or at least he's gone hunting somewhere.
And now they realize that we have to look at the real story of what's all about investing in that's economics.
Oh, very high unemployment. The economy is in a crash. The earnings reports are dismal at best.
Better hurry up and start that other war quick. Yeah, that's right. Better get that thing on a Syrian front. Go on real fast, Remy.
So we can deflect attention again from the real issues of investing, which is should be the economy as to all this other crap.
This dog and pony show they put on and they knew that was going to happen, but it didn't last three weeks later in one day.
And here we are like, and here's my old friend Ted David. It used to be a good guy.
First quarter 2003 is over. It's time to check on him until I nailed him as being a spokesman for a bunch of fraudulent clowns on this gambling channel.
You're a good guy Ted get a real honest job. Get off of that thing. I always very defensive. Oh, you know, you talk about the what is he called?
What is he called? I think about Las Vegas. What's that term he uses?
Intellectualized Las Vegas something like that. That's what it is. It's a it's a crap shoot. Crap shoot.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money. It's called Wall Street. It's called the gambling channel.
It's called all that fake. We went through it for two years. Hey, now you're riding the wave of the future, Mr. President. Remember that that clown?
You're riding the wave of the future future poverty is what he was talking about. Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line Q a M. Hello. Speaking. How you doing? How you doing? How you doing?
I got three shows for you. Okay. Good times. Jefferson. The Sanford is fine. Okay. Jefferson's is my pick. Thank you. You're welcome to see. I like the Jefferson. I love that show. They're a hoot. Okay. Then they can find out what dark folks are really all about.
I know. Seriously, there's differences of panic. I love that show. It's quite a what time jickering things. Okay. Things that's erased a show time. By the way, we're almost reached the year now since the last article time wrote about anything local radio or TV or even TV.
And those tough pieces about some of the contestants on the so-called reality shows being from South Beach. That's not my idea of a that's on network TV. That's not a local thing.
This is the jackass who said I was going to be out of touch doing the show a part of the time from out of town. Touch this. I'll say it again. Tom. What a bitter disappointment, man.
And then we got that right wing Glenn Garvin now right in radio and TV in a Harold and Kevin Bastard. Now he's a he's a sports maven. That's what they do in the papers here. In fact, Tom jicker, he used to write the dog and make the dog track selections. If they're not all of a sudden, he's the radio TV guy.
Now what was that bitch in a hero of years ago? I can't think of her name. I even got a bit about her. The phone call with her.
She was the religion writer after she was the radio and TV writer. Kira Curry, her name was what was her name? Pat Curry. Very good. Neil. See the old man still got it. Pat Curry.
Yeah, that's right. She was the radio TV bitch, which hated me like Poison. Then all of a sudden, she was right in a religion column. See any connection there?
And Kevin Bastard, he was the radio TV guy. Now all of a sudden, he's a sports expert sports probably knows clearance.
So they just pick, you know, just moveable parts and yeah, so sad. It's so sad.
A lot of you people deserve better. I'll tell you that. Thank God for me and what's your name? My friend, the goddess. You're doing okay, Randy. You're doing a good job. She really is.
I mean, a little bit takes yourself a little bit too seriously, but that's okay. At least she's banging away and banging away. And she's not taking any crap.
I heard two calls on her. She was saying, the signal's awful in Broward. And the first guy, well, you know, we got to be together.
We got all said and she's saying, no, we don't. I'm not going to, that's what my signal sir. Get me your bed. Hey, I'll tell you something. It's real good.
I got a whole bunch of it right behind me here. I popped two in my push this morning. You were the witness. You see me popping right in my mouth.
And only meds good stuff for it's helping my blood pressure tremendously. It can help you to a lot of different ways.
Oldie meds soft gels contain the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere. Not just your regular olive oil like you buy in a supermarket, but super concentrated loaded with health benefits for you.
Oldie meds are being taken up, reduced the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different oldie med formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbals to support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure like me to the immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. Now there are three new oldie med formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and sell Q10 for your heart.
Pick them up today at public's, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Navarro's, Anzadano's, or order it online if you like oleometoamerica.com.
If you want complete information about their products and what they can do for you, just call their toll free number and ask away. There's no obligation. Call 1-866-Olliumed. You can order online by the way.
Get your oldie meds today and start popping it in that big pussy room.
I am low. This is 420 or 560. You weigh yeah.
We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal or at least major life.
Dr. Phil McGraw is our guest. I do yell at my children. I don't know how to stop.
We'll talk about that more later now. Let's go to your calls for Dr. Phil and we start with Northport, New York. Hello.
Hi Dr. Phil. Hi, how are you? I lost my job a few months ago and kind of affecting my marriage. I've really been depressed about it. What would you prescribe?
Alcohol and drugs. I don't know. I don't know. I'm contributing to the cause. Oh beautiful.
Cardi New Jersey. Hello. Hey boys. How's it hanging? Fine. Good. Are you two kids for me? You're kidding.
I'm serious you guys. I'm talking full tongue. I don't mind doing that. Hey. I'm ashamed to say so. Obviously. You're just laying forward and we're all.
Yeah, that is for you. Yeah. It's so done. Go away.
Longing fifty dollars. Twenty six till noon at five. Six. You had no Larry charge for it. Here's a fact from Maloo who says,
Haney, a list of amazing conversion among the right wingers. They couldn't bear the thought of welfare. Universal health care
are spending a dime on poor here or abroad. The genocide in Kosovo was fine with them. Now it's okay to lose American lives and billions of dollars to help the poor Iraqi people who's buying this crap.
Nice going low. Good point. That's right. Let's not healthy American people. Let's liberate the poor Iraqi people.
Although we care so much about that's why we had those sanctions on the last twelve years, including the first two years of this administration.
Who is kidding whom and including the last two of a bush one by the way after the Gulf War one.
There's a great column here. It's a little bit old from the Chicago Tribune by Charles Rangel. Congressman from New York.
The war in Iraq will not be intimidated. Sean had a cable TV talk show host recently challenged my patriotism twisting my words to Elijah.
I said our troops were deliberately bombing women and children in Iraq. Nothing could be further from the truth rights Charlie.
While pointing out that in all wars innocent people are killed I emphasize that American troops were actually going out of their way to avoid harming non combatants.
This places our soldiers in even greater danger because in Iraq they don't know who the enemy is.
Whether uniform soldiers are really surrendering or worth a man and women in street clothes or suicide bombers.
No matter how smart our high tech weaponry may be bombs and missiles can go astray and accidentally strike non combatants.
Such was the case reported in the press last week and more than 50 civilians were killed by an errant missile that exploded in the crowded market and bagged that.
Again this is dated March 28th. What Sean had it he does not know because he didn't serve in the armed forces is that soldiers obey the orders of the commander in chief our troops are doing that.
But if we were not in this war there would be no bombing at all and it wouldn't be necessary to consider the issue of collateral damage.
Hannity also refused to accept the fact that we started this war and rejecting the will of the international community interjected ourselves in the dispute between the UN and Iraq.
Nothing is more precious to Americans than our freedom to speak out to disagree.
It's frightening that in their passion for this war some people are accusing anyone who opposes it of being on patriotic.
If members of Congress are going to be attacked for fulfilling their responsibility their constituents to speak out on matters of war and peace then we might as well tear up the Constitution.
I don't support the war but I revere the troops and I'm drafting legislation that will show in a tangible way the country's appreciation for their sacrifice.
The program will provide generous higher education and healthcare benefits for the troops after their discharge their spouses and their children.
For those who wish to go into business it will provide the necessary resources. I hope that supporters of the war who are questioning the oil of its opponents will support this initiative so we can provide a meaningful welcome when the troops come home.
Demonizing the centers has become the favorite tactic of the most vociferous supporters of this war in Iraq.
At the same time their stifling debate manipulating public opinion distorting the facts about the loss of lives betraying our troops and defiling the Constitution.
Those who oppose the war will continue to be vilified for some by some for their principal beliefs. I will continue speaking out for peace on behalf of my constituents and the name of the U.S. Constitution.
I will not be intimidated rights Charlie Rangel and the March 28th Chicago Tribune. I spoil Charlie you're okay in my book.
He's a hoot and he wants to do something for our troops he's actually proposed legislation as opposed to the course of this administration who are cutting veterans benefits.
At a time when we're sending hundreds of thousands of young American kids over there with who knows what facing them.
And we're cutting veterans benefits. Nice going W you're really doing a baby you're all hard.
Pull on your Rogers dot com today now that the U.S. has taken over Iraqi radio and TV what should be the first show on the year.
The Roger show 65 South Park movie 58 the Osborne 30 Baywatch 28 with Pam Sue Anderson just to piss off George.
See he thinks that he's the expert you know I guarantee it is plenty of guys listening to me right now that want to see over and over again the old Baywatches with the old Pam Sue with or without real breasts.
Right just because he's got a bug up his ass because she's got every disease out of the sun.
Phil Henry show 25 Jerry Springer show 22 Saturday night live 18 Gong show and I dream of genius have 16.
Vinnie him 15 American Idol 15 are you hot nine are you hot no lukewarm Luke Skywalker Oprah's got eight Hogan zero is eight guns smoked seven Dallas five.
Colant Day five passions only five. They would be in their pants if they saw that.
And they might feel the change to if they saw sure and and all in the family five the other ones are like small potatoes.
That's our poll right now and your Rogers dot com.
No forget big egos tomorrow.
Now what can we do to bond with mode that we didn't do today and I want to miss my opportunities here because they're fairly limited.
Huh not that many days that he's actually that kind of mood I get the big wave.
Hey Neil and if you it's great we have we've developed a very strange rapport now this past week.
You know it's probably because you're here because he's really sour when George is right.
I don't think it's he dislikes me. I think it's George more.
Don't you think you're right.
In fact George was the original one he and I got along brilliantly just fine even though he's a putt.
But we got along great until George started with a checkered pants and a wig and making all these costs to come.
It's making fun of this daughtering old man with bad Veracos veins.
That George I wouldn't even have known the guy had Veracos veins if the beast wouldn't have told me that because he saw him playing golf and a checkered shorts on the other.
Well don't laugh about that because the beast is already out so I can't do anything to hurt him.
Huh he's safe.
You know what I just did.
I mean I thought I'm trying to get ahead of myself right now just try just took this hour's page of the log and threw it away.
Well I thought I'm a hurry to get out of here you understand it is Friday isn't it.
Five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T.
Now we got some heavy duty stuff today man we got the mad dog from the masters golf.
Fett.
Hey Goldberg at three in the studio in the last Marlon's on Deck at six thirty.
Hey you notice how he doesn't come around even when he's in the building what I'm here now used to when he used to be my buddy.
But now that I've written for not knowing anything about hockey he you know he admits he knows nothing about it.
To be knocking over time and the over time lost point he's wrong he's dead wrong we just once the last time you think Hank walks the hockey game.
How many years ago I'd say about thirty man yeah at least.
But only had the Panthers for ten so we certainly ever seen any of their games been a long time since that fat man ever saw a puck.
Oh he did say he's seen a schmuck recently because he was with more with the Christmas party.
Twenty till noon he hate boy does he hate him whoo man ever since that New York prime thing I think that was one of the well I wasn't the first one but that really.
That was the frosting on the cake mode that wasn't a good idea just because they didn't kiss your ass and give you freebie.
In fact somebody was telling me to have the day I think my friend Derek at the track was in New York prime is a great steakhouse.
And I said I'm not going all the way to Boker for meat but that's what he said.
Everybody in the world loves that place and Mo gets on the year and trashes them with Hank having recommended it to him because they made him pay for it and because they didn't suck his ass.
I'm Mohawar David and aren't you going to treat me right give me the table right up by the front and pick up the check.
No no Mohawar griver.
As a matter of fact anybody who looks like that would have peace crawling around probably pretty unapetizing probably stuck him way in the back near the kitchen.
I mean what self-respecting restaurant tour would want anybody sitting around with the other customers the Pan customers can see him.
We're in a piece like that.
Let's move it around.
19 till noon at 5.60 WQM and speaking of that what a segway to chuck out Fieri.
Oh my god am I a genius or what?
No yes I am.
If you're tired of that bald spot if you're sick and tired of watching more and more comes of your hair vanish from the top of your head.
Well guess what one good thing is even a great looking guy like Tom Brady as young as he is.
You notice he's developing that little hole in his head kind of like the one Greg's been scratching for years.
If you got bald spot too like most guys gets your hair back and look younger again and better than you ever dreamed you could maybe even better than you did when you had your real hair.
Because Charles Alfie race got the latest technology going his natural hairline system.
Why do we call it that? Because very simply it looks natural.
Not like those muskrats I had in my head this morning when I went into most studio.
Not like that ugly piece he's got that changes color that comedian hair piece.
But like real honest of goodness here that's going out of your scale.
And you got nothing loose but the ugly shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee which I've been telling you for 100 years now.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting laid at least 15 20 30 times today Charlie gives you full refund.
And mentioning a Raj's when you call it too because he'll knock 200 bucks off the regular price when you mention my name if you got the big pair.
Call tool free 1-800-321-2413 for a free no obligation consultation and get your hair back the real way.
1-800-321-2413 or log onto the world famous website at Charles Alfie Erie dot com.
Live and local.
We're sports radio 560.
You a u a m.
Oh God.
Coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We take a good hard stiff look and to start up.
When Robert Palmer met two guys from Durand Durand the magic they made together can only be described as
no Robert Palmer and two guys from Durand Durand they were the power station.
Some flight in the past and some sweat with the ages are.
I only did the gig because Robert promised me I'll be able to f*** one of the Palmer girls.
He all those hot birds in the black knee dresses that he used in his videos and a Pepsi commercial.
Durand Durand's anti-taler feels completely reigned by his association with Robert Palmer.
I feel completely reigned by my association with Robert Palmer.
Robert Palmer was not available for comment.
However, the G.A. Legend Arnold Palmer was.
What are you talking about? I've never reigned anybody.
How do you respond to allegations that you promised Durand Durand's guitar as he could partake of the sweet love nectar waiting to be unleashed from one of the Palmer girls?
Look, I'm sorry. I've got to go do a denture commercial.
Anyway, the friction between anti-taler and Robert Palmer made for a tense environment in the studio as heard on this rare archival tape of a power station recording session.
Okay, this is some like it hot take four.
Yeah, you gotta take four. That's great Robert. What about me? I'm standing here with me f***ing man and I.
Well maybe I'll just have to shag you ya f***ing liar!
The power station. We'd call it a super group if it wasn't another crappy 80s band.
It's a big juicy, sopping with look and show business tonight on Inside to Behind.
14 till noon at 5.60 WQM. The shows are flying by this week minus George. I'm sorry. Maybe we can take another couple of weeks.
All bad news. Rain postpones the first round of the Masters and you realize that mad dog is going up to Misha again tomorrow?
Why? I don't know and ask why because he feels like and he does whatever he wants. I taught him a long time ago.
He worked a couple of days here, take a couple of days off and he's been doing it. So Joe Rose is a little dog will be on the mar for the mad dog.
So he'll be having on Monday through Thursday or no, I guess two days, three days from the Masters and not one hold has been played.
I mean, he's been whacking around a little bit, you know, some practice runs I guess, but not one real hold. There's been no real competition.
You got to hang around with all men for a couple days. What's it juice? Did we ever get the real story on that?
We want we want we want the inside story about that inside the behind at the Masters. If they're reading if they got any pacidicky candy for a paysock yet.
Probably just rolling around Easter eggs on the on the greens. What was that line again at the guy head? This is a road of time. This is hallowed ground.
Seriously, some of you sports people out there. You're crazy people crazy. Just like Mrs. Wallace's on passions.
Crazy. Crazy. Even precious on that show. The little ape has got more brains than you got. This is hallowed ground. Don't change anything.
I wonder what he thought back in 75 or whatever the year was. They let Lee Elder in the first black guy. They used to exclude blacks too.
He probably wasn't too happy about that. That collar that jackass.
So the Masters postponed so the first round will be tomorrow. Officials hope to get in 36 holes tomorrow. Though more rain was expected in the morning.
The hope is they're two tea starting in 730. Oh, two tea. Tea for two. That's what we had to play tea for two and me for you. Don't let in the juice. It's bad for you.
Here is an interesting thing for my friend Lynn Sammels. Thank the lot Lynn. Hey, Lynn says she's the world's even she puts Liz Taylor to shame.
Number one bag. Hagen. She's proud of it. At least we like Lynn anyway. This Taylor we could live without. What are you laughing about?
We like Lynn a lot. She's a sweetheart in spite of her match. Roger of session in her blow up dog. Former priest poses nude for gay magazine.
A former priest at Argentina has agreed to pose naked for a gay magazine after coming out of the closet. All right.
How do you like that? We have only one thing to say to father to or whatever the hell his name is down here.
Are that that whole Latin American thing? There's something strange down there. Yeah. Andres Gianni who's 32 has accepted an offer to pose for South American gay magazine.
Imperial G. G as in gay. The ario Uno newspaper reports that he'll be featured in street clothes underwear and totally naked.
After going public with his homosexuality, Mr. Gianni left the church and moved from his hometown of Mendoza to Buenos Aires. Well, he'll find lots there believe me.
Buenos Aires big city like that in South America. See see this. Mr. Gianni now works as a bar man in the gay club said I met a man through the internet.
I didn't want to live a double life. He met a man whose real name was probably Florence Geraldine.
He also is found a publisher for bookies writing about his experiences in the church and the Buenos Aires gay scene.
There you go. Just one more example of that cat with church in the church's gay scene. Yes. Is that what you said? That's exactly what something like that.
I already a Smith candidate, but I'm sure that's what it said. There's no fact in the church. Yeah, we know.
Let's see on here. Here we go with a little writing. Okay, not interested. Not interested. Don't even look at it.
Even the one you typed out before the three or four copies of it. Don't look at it.
Little losers with no lies. Let's see how's the pool coming out of the US is taking over radio and TV in Iraq.
What should be the first show on a year? Neil Rogers show 73. The South Park movies a 67. They watch 31.
Boy, it's only a two-hoss race right now. The Osborne's 30 Phil Henry show 26. Okay. Jerry Springer show 25.
Saturday night live 18. Gong show and I dream a genie and American Idol. Each have 16.
Benny Hens got 15. I think they ought to see Ernest Ainsley speaking about her pieces. Can you say baby?
Oh, you talk about that. And here's a guy that's supposed to be healing people. I've said for years how can we don't put his hand on his head and get some real hair back or go see Chuck Alphiari.
Benny Hinn and the Ernest Ainsley. Are you hot? Oprah each have nine. Well, Fisher ain't. Hogan zero's eight. Guns smoked seven.
Dalai six all in the family six. Passion still has five and then down from there. Happy days is only got the three.
They don't know what those are yet. They haven't found Fonsi yet. Hey. And Richie.
Oh, I got some of good stuff here. Pastors of fair shocks. The church. The news hit each worshiper differently. One woman gasped as though a love wanted to die.
Oh, speaking of gasping. Do you hear the thing about the Pentagon? One of the Pentagon high upper shots was watching TV yesterday when they were showing you a thing with a statue and bagged that.
And when the one soldier put the American flag over the head of Sodom, it said he literally gasped. He let out like that.
Well, probably not. Oi, but something something similar. Until he said they took it back down again. Not a good idea. We're not here to occupy you. Well, at least we don't want to say that.
We're here to liberate you. So we put the Iraqi flag back up there. Anyway, one woman gasped as though a love wanted to die.
And others, we've finally handful of members walked out and just been announced during Sunday services that Reverend John Jay Wagner was resigning at pastor Christ, the rock committee church in Cooper City. The reason an extramarital affair.
Oi, since that announcement March 30th, the 6,000 member congregation has been trying to absorb the shock. Jesus Christ has taught us to forgive said,
Norma body was a debut attended service today, the announcement we are praying for pastor John. I know in my heart, he's got to come on back to a senses the church will work this out.
I was expressed profound disappointment. I'm pissed off, said Nicole Becker plantation. I know he's not God, but he's supposed to be an example to us. How do you like that father?
Three great letters to the editor in the herald today. Army chaplains tactics in Iraq are black man. Remember the start we had about the chaplain who was selling the water. Yes.
We're not selling, but he was making them off. They couldn't refuse if they wanted to water. They had to get baptized. Be better if he was selling it. Yeah.
Margaret sheriff in Miami says. Ever know sheriff named Margaret. I think that was Nick the Marrow's middle name.
Margaret sheriff in Miami says Reverend Meg Lockland's April 4th story Army chaplain offers baptism in bats. I have two question. How did chaplain Josh Yanow come to own a 500 gallon pool of water?
I realize that soldiers could be immersed for baptism, but who furnished the pool in the water? Why is the army allowing him to blackmail soldiers into baptism exchange for a bath?
I'd love to see this chaplain try to explain himself to Jesus on judgment day. How do you like that? Yeah, father. It's judgment day and you were like making those soldiers an offer they couldn't refuse. Jesus Christ wants some answers.
Here's another letter. I'm Paul the Josh Yanow with withhold a single ounce of water from hardworking battle where American soldiers America was founded on freedom of religion and freedom from forced religion.
Andrea St. James and Delray Beach Rises nice going to Andrea red on sweetheart you go girl friend. American soldiers come from all backgrounds and religions.
Yano serves on an American base in that air it hell's kitchen where America's best patriots are fighting for all of us. How dare Yano insist that anyone was fighting out on the front lines be baptized before allowing them to the bath and his pristine pool.
It's a good thing that I'm not God or even because if I were to be plenty ticked off to Zandria you and the rest of us to sweetheart.
Land Wice in Boca. I served my country for many years and I have the medals to prove it I served in foreign lands for our constitutional freedoms.
If I were in Iraq and needed a bath I wouldn't be baptized just for one sake for the sake of a bath. I'm Jewish. No one I'm Jewish. He say no one regardless of the nomination should be denied.
Surely needed fresh water that this chaplain claims to be his he should be reprimanded and then dishonorably discharged for an elective duty.
He's a bigot who thinks he's the only one who loves it on his God. Nice going land. And by the way happy pays off. How do you like that? What do you laugh at about?
So Jews can't be I guess. Alistair convert atheist agnostics Buddhists Muslims. No. No.
Seven day Adventists. No. Which is Mormons. Travelers. Baptists. Oh wait. No. Say what you should quote while you're ahead. By the way the guy that called in the first hour of the show you're right about being a boy. WQ I am. Yes sir. Okay.
Oh the hypocrisy is just astounding. You know if you read carefully some other stories about that that priest there who was forcing them to be baptized these troops to be baptized he's a part timer.
You know he's like a weekend warrior who works for vision ministries which is Billy Graham Suns. Yeah that was in the storm we had the other day. It's all connected. I mean these people are all connected.
These are the people who are just rubbing their hands together with Glee just waiting for the moment to get the green light so they can go there and and convert all of these heathen Muslims man and turn them on the Jesus because it's good for business.
Just amazing. But I wanted to mention something about that Molly I've been story that you have read a lot of that was yesterday.
She'll be and she mentioned in the article about the triumvirate and the one of the other members of the triumvirate is will be right well she doesn't mention in that article who the third person of the triumvirate is.
Yes she did she does general whatever is the name is from Orlando well I heard that it was the former ambassador to Yemen was one of the choices that might be put in.
No in fact they showed it on the news last night garnered general garnered from a retired general big buddies with Ariel Sherones right wingers in Israel left that was in there.
Oh I either want to pay attention to those Jamaicans.
Yeah well I thought that he was the he's the overseer of all three of these districts and one Miss Cleo is the seer.
Well one of the one of these districts that they're they're dividing up these the Iraq into three districts is the X ambassador to Yemen.
Yeah and if you remember that all I've got to go suicide bomber structure downtown Baghdad checkpoint.
I'm going to stress the hour. Have a good day and I don't be saying have a good day.
We're supposed to give us the rest of that.
Good thing we got that just in the nicotine there.
Suicide bomber the first time afraid of many many many many okay we didn't so far see if there's any casualties.
But I thought everybody was partying and dancing in the streets.
I thought we had every scumbag rounded up and this was going to make all the herbs real happy and we got rid of Sodom.
He's a bad guy and an evil doer which he was but I thought everything was kosher.
Well it's a bad word huh.
I thought everybody was circumscribed and circumscribed and sized.
I guess we didn't size them up quite accurate yet.
Lots more grief to come baby make no mistake about it before you don't have your party prematurely okay don't have a premature.
In your pants.
Hey where are the bargains outside is they're not in Baghdad the bargain.
Well some of the people know us are finding some bargains where they find the prices right as in free.
Those people will be really popular down here to get along with the old Yenthas.
Hey we like stuff for free. Yeah that's good.
Anyway it's not free at the Swap Shop but fantastic bargains.
It's next best thing.
Over 88 acres chock full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors the Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight.
And a night to swap shop has the world's largest 13 screen drive in movie theater featuring great first run movies.
What are so many people's shop at the Swap Shop?
No place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand they merchandise at flea market prices.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guadentine for admission free parking every day of your life seven days a week.
The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop on Thursdays like today.
Be a free buyer or a free seller every Thursday.
You get a free garage sales space before 5 a.m. and Mondays all day long.
All of these things and lots lots more waiting for you at the Swap Shop.
And of course it's on prestigious sunrise Boulevard between I-95 and the Turnpike called 954791 Swap.
And whatever you do don't miss the free million dollar three ring circus every day seven days a week the aroma stretches for miles.
At the Swap Shop 954791 Swap maybe even precious is going to be this weekend.
And my life and look all this is 43560.
You way to A-M.
And for our hilly and our rust latin and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe hey homunista hour.
Sick iron!
Their songs provided the soundtrack for a whole generation.
And now they're finding a whole new audience with a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before.
It's the best of Crosby stills and cash.
Shones you know we're riding on the Marikas Express.
Experience Desjabux all over again when Crosby stills and cash unveil a whole different take on this classic tune.
All houses are very very very fun house.
With two cats in the yard.
It's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children.
Mike!
I am yours.
You are mine.
Yo, I'm Johnny Cash for Crosby stills and cash.
You know we used to sing like a couple of boys named Sue.
But now the cash registers ringing because we're singing a whole new register.
You are what you are.
And you make it hard.
The best of Crosby stills and cash.
Walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today.
Club 02 at 560 WQM.
So anyway here's this little twerp keeps faxing me.
It says right on here Joe Rose for the Mad Dog tomorrow.
On my schedule and also the Mad Dog was saying that yesterday.
So I guess the audience knows better than we do right?
Joe is he feels in that Joe Rose.
Well it says Joe Rose on my schedule okay.
In addition to which.
Joe is a guy he sucks okay.
Okay.
Here's a Fax or Morden in Volko who's becoming extraordinarily chronic but excellent faxes.
He says the Iraqis must love us after all that's why they're showing us on TV right?
Never mind the pictures of the maimed children and dead bodies.
You know the collateral damage I get.
Oh senior Muslim Clara killed in a job.
You see that?
No.
And suicide bombing a downtown bag there.
They're one of the checkpoints.
And says I guess we don't need to see that stuff the collateral damage.
That's what's for the Vietnam War for us right when we started seeing all the dead bodies and all the kids start coming home and body bags.
It just amazes me that people actually call you and say how do you feel now?
The old one should be full feel foolish.
The Iraqis all love us.
Some people only know what they watch on TV which I think is what I said.
I remember when network came out in the 70s it seemed like a dark comedy or fantasy.
Now it's come true.
I'm a mad hell.
I'm a sicker if any more.
Howard B. L. Let's be rolling over in his grave.
We're working at Fox News itself.
He's not right wing enough for Fox News.
He's too far to the left in the box.
56670560.
The 8th and 10th Verizon wireless lines we're building our pool today.
We're adding to it.
And I wasn't joking before when I said that we're going to have some special program.
Maybe they've already been on there because it's like eight o'clock at night in the Baghdad.
I saw some subtitles with Bush talking a little while ago.
Well, they showed that hours ago.
I guess that's already been on.
And of course one has to wonder what Bush was saying.
To the Iraqi people.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Does Neil.
Sounds like me.
How you doing, Neil?
Good job.
It is.
The love bug.
I'm just forgetting about the love bug.
The love bug?
Love boat.
The love bug.
Oh, the love boat.
The love boat.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Found just the island with the man to the guy.
Or Ray Phyllis-Jase.
You must be, I was just going to say that.
You read my mind, man.
How about a couple instruction videos?
The art of bathing in the joy of home circumstances.
No, that's bad.
No, they're all circumcised.
Oh, really?
Well, maybe we can think of a poor here.
Aren't the herbs circumcised?
Huh?
Just know about me.
No, I don't care about you.
Believe me.
But aren't the, I think all the herbs are circumcised.
All of the Muslims are the Muslims all Arabs.
Are the Arabs all Muslims?
I know.
There's Filipino Arabs, too.
I mean, there's Filipino Arabs.
What you be talking about, boy.
There you go again.
Just stick in your foot right in it and your push, too.
The Arabs are circumcised just like the Jews.
And they like halavada, too, but they don't want to admit it.
Here's an article in the Salt Lake City, Utah Tribune.
My Brent, Israel, sin.
Oh, Kuwait City.
The headline is, Will Iraq be free like Kuwait?
Originally built as a means to disarm Sudam, Sudam Hussein.
Now it's talking like a president.
He calls him Saddam Hussein.
Have you noticed that?
I'm starting to talk like him.
Maybe I can get elected, too.
Let's deal in election.
Originally built as a means to disarm Sudam Hussein of his weapons of mass destruction,
the war in Iraq soon became one of liberation.
Military officials from the generals in the command center of these soldiers online talked about freeing the Iraqi people.
They poor, oppressed Iraqi people.
But if freedom and liberty are what they're fighting for in Iraq,
US and British troops should next train their sights on their host Kuwait.
The saw from which the war against Iraq has been staged is home to a sectarian government
that is yet to withstand basic individual rights to all.
Although Kuwait's ruling family begrudgingly brought back and elected parliament in 1992 after six-year absence,
power remains firmly in the hands of the ruling Assad-Saba family,
which fancies itself as a benevolent monarchy that governs according to Islamic orthodoxy.
It proclaims ideals of freedom however so far have fallen short of of the ideal.
Women here cannot vote nor hold political or judicial office.
Naturalized male citizens of non-coated descent must wait 30 years for such privileges.
The formation of political parties or other associations for political purposes is illegal.
Now I'm trying to think, oh that's right it wasn't Kuwait it was gutter that they had that surround 60 minutes couple weeks ago.
What story?
How about the women can vote and they hold off as it wasn't Kuwait.
The formation of political parties or other associations for political purposes is illegal only Kuwait is known property.
The country's 100,000 Bedouins, Aitineran chepherds whose people have roamed these parts for centuries
have no legal national status and are regularly deported and done access to state social services.
Israelis and recent visitors to Israel cannot travel here.
The Kuwaiting media restricted by numerous laws rarely criticizes the government,
religious leaders or members of the ruling family.
In addition to laws that infring on basic human rights, the state's official version of Islam has inspired laws that can seem oppressive to non-believers.
Don't even try to bring Rodin's kiss here.
Can I say, wrote down?
What do I know about art?
One Kuwaiti law provides a three year prison term in a 10th album, biricing.
And a 10,000 dollar fine for anyone who distributes or exhibits pictures of drawings in forms of anything immoral.
Alcohol and extramarital sex also strictly prohibited by law.
Just this month the famous Kuwaiti artist was arrested after a police found a case of vodka in his car.
Oh my god!
Wait till they find out that precious is drinking gin on passions.
Despite the government's spotty record on personal freedom, Kuwaiti's probably will not be liberated by British and American troops anytime soon.
The overage emerald is pro-western as far as anybody knows, possesses no weapons of mass destruction.
How do you like that, huh?
Kuwaiti's.
Kuwaiti's good, Saudi's good.
Serians not too good, Iranians pretty, pretty bad.
Pakistanis.
This week not too bad.
Maybe next week we change our mind and come back to reality.
Turks.
Turks we know like that no more, even a 16 billion we couldn't have brought more than, pissed off at them.
Let's go in and get the poppies.
W-Q-I-M.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
You know I was coming through a local music magazine the other day.
Yes sir.
And I'm H-35 and your press popped up.
I couldn't believe it.
A local music magazine?
Yeah it's called, it's called Rag Magazine.
I'm serious.
And you're on page 35, a big, a big head shot of it.
Huh.
You know what's it?
I don't know.
Police should company spent a couple hundred bucks on you.
It was an ad?
Yeah for you.
The company didn't spend any money on us.
Well what was it?
That was a little trade off.
That was a trade off.
They didn't spend a dime, you know.
No, it's, it's, well, good.
It's, at least it's something, you're right.
It's something.
You know, and it was kind of odd because it's a great little local magazine.
I was just surprised to see you put it in there so.
Anyway, have a great day.
Okay thanks, thanks for your good news.
What is it called?
Rag Magazine.
Rag?
Yeah, tell me, tell me set that up for us.
Oh.
Oh we didn't spend any money for that.
We got those billboards out there all over time and with my big push on it.
And on the turn pack now they move the ones from the intersection to 590 from the turn pack to one.
I'm right on most ass now.
It's important to be down.
Right on his ass.
How do you like that, Mo?
How, what do you think I said?
I figured that, you know, no harm being on his ass because gang rape is funny.
Right.
He's used to it.
Got a lot of experience.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Suicide bomber strikes it downtown Baghdad checkpoint.
Sassination of two prominent clerks inside the Ali mosque in Anadjah.
We're going to go to the phone right now and Trudy Rubin joins us.
She recently profiled one of these clerks for her paper, the Philadelphia and choir.
Trudy, what do you have for us?
Well, this is a very significant development because this man, Syed Abdul Majeed Al-Foui,
had come into Najaf with American forces and the US government at the highest level
that placed great hopes on what he was going to do.
This is a Basha Hula.
This is the son of the man who was the leading share Ayatollah in the world at the time of the Gulf War.
An Ayatollah who endorsed the separation of foreign affairs.
He is the younger Al-Foui who was a son of Ayatollah.
He had come back and was going around to towns around Najaf,
trying to line up religious leaders to work with the Americans and to work for a democratic Iraq.
And so his assassination is a serious blow to US efforts in the South to get religious leadership behind the kind of changes that the President says he wants in Iraq.
Okay, that's enough.
Wow, I would just just sit back there getting all these facts off the machine,
almost let her continue babbling on her after she said.
11 past noon at 560 WDQAM.
I'll tell you who says a lot because they're all whipped up and fired up about the great deals they're giving right now.
Now, good buddy Tom Layman and your creator to highlight Pontiac GMC.
Right now they got more Neorongers deals going on.
Neal Deal number one, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months and every Pontiac or GMC on the lot in stock right now as I speak.
Neal Deal number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
I heard right, you heard right too.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
Neal Deal number three, if you're currently a GM smart lease or smart buy customer and drive a Chevy Blazer,
Old Bravo or GMC Jimmy, buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price.
Stop by, hell it and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix.
Halipodiac GMC at 134-1 South Dixie Highway, that's a great location because it's the same place it is for 35 long years,
given people great deals and treating them right.
US 1 across from the falls, open every day 7 days a week.
If you want more info on any of the Neal deals, just call the Neal Deal hotline 1-885-344-4211.
1-885-344-4211 and don't forget please.
All Neal deals are subject to credit approval, see Neal or for details.
Halipodiac GMC even Beenerboy says they be professional great.
My, and look all, this is 4305-60.
You ain't too way, yeah.
It mentions my name to rights master, Gary.
Oh, I don't like all the Harper.
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, that free card it dimwitch.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, my TV.
He's President Thump's ****.
Yes.
Great public, it must have been an arcade with an idiot.
I don't know why they would want to give a nice dessert.
There's no need for years.
With President Thump's ****.
Oh, what I get to come close once more.
And get to wheel your voted poll.
If you want this, come close on this drum and stupid me.
Don't, don't, don't mind this drunk and rich kid.
Don't, don't, don't, he's even flumber than me.
He's President Thump's ****.
Yes, don't care what it's up.
You got him in by hook or drugs, the Christian.
I know what best you will die, but have no fear.
Oh, we got a great leader here.
With President Thump's ****.
You know, sometimes you go into a story and you have a coupon.
They'll say one per family.
Right.
I'm thinking we ought to do that with a presidency too.
I'm a second to these, these dynasties, these empire builders,
the Kennedys, the Bushes, no more of that.
When you look back to American history, we had John Adams and his son was John Quincy Adams,
the second and sixth presidents.
Who needed that?
One per family.
I mean, we had Teddy Roosevelt and FDR, but they were like cousins.
I'm not sure they, I think they were like second cousins.
Were they?
Yeah, there were some like weird-ass cousins.
Kissing cousins?
No, kissing cousins, yeah.
No, they were not.
Are you sure?
Positive.
How do you know?
I was there.
Eleanor told me, she was busy.
One of the ones we had the JFK and then we were grooming Bobby of course and then I didn't work out.
And then what else?
That's it.
And then we got the Bush one and Bush two and of course they got Jeb the grooming and a wing,
so we have like a dynasty.
That's what the Kennedys had in mind.
They wanted two terms for JFK, two terms for Bobby and two for Teddy.
And I say, but the Bushes, they had only one for Papa Bush because they didn't work out too well in the second one.
Read my lips.
I'm a wimp.
You know that, all that stuff.
Not to good, got his ass want by Baba.
So then we got DoD in there, he wound up by hooker by crook.
And I would got Jeb like I said, waiting in a ways that there's always George P, you know.
What?
I'm sure they're grooming him.
Oh, I'm positive they are.
I mean, he can't sit out there doing wheelies in a parking lot all day,
outside his girlfriend's thing.
He can't do that forever.
Sooner or later he's got to butcher up a little bit.
Plus he used to look pretty good, George P.
Maybe we could take over everything we should play nothing but,
oh, I said maybe after we take over everything we should play nothing but Fox News, it says.
After a couple weeks of Fox News, they'll be sobering,
watched they would vote for Bush in their first election.
And they'll write it in the bush mice during Iraq.
Buch, buch good, you heard them saying, buch good, buch good.
I think they said, butch, not Bush.
In other words, they're trying to say, no matter how they see a butch, we're very butch.
We don't fight like it, but somebody says, he-ha, add that to the list.
It was a favorite of George Herbert Walker Bush.
That was his favorite show, he-ha.
Yeah, that's true.
That's right up his alley, the great intellectual that he was.
While his friends at the Carlisle Group were doing business with the Bin Laden's,
he was busy at home washing he-ha on TV with a mother of our country, Barbara.
What's her name? Betsy, uh, right.
Betsy Ross, right?
Betsy Ross, right.
No Martha Washington.
Isn't that who he was married to?
Bush, uh, senior.
With the way he performed.
She- if she- if she ain't the epitome of, uh, spitting image of Martha Washington,
God Almighty, Barbara Bush, Barbara went a little bit more.
Do we still have that in there? I wonder, oh, I would love if we had that in there.
Or she does that thing with a burping, oh, I hope we do somewhere.
You think that, not in there? I'll find it.
Here's the fact that Merchard and Carl Spring says, and I'll only be part of it.
Merchard, because only a four-hour show.
Not only is this administration an essential command, seemingly overjoyed and gleeful at the body count,
they continue to pepper the media in the lame lambs, where the citizens of this country
were their own version of glorified details of war, maiming destruction, violence, and bloodshed.
Their overjoyed attitude to killing so many countless of thousands of preps,
the single worst display of propaganda, since the days of Nazi Germany,
when they gleefully published death tolls, and how many Russians were killed on the front,
how many innocents burned in their ovens, and how many citizens were happily cheering on Hitler,
as he walked on the streets during the war.
This reprehensible display of Nazi-era-style propaganda only goes further to solidify
and show the world that we are arrogant self-righteous, self-serving, and non-caring.
It also shows firmly that the current American president is perhaps the worst single president,
not only in modern times, but the history of this nation.
That's what Helen Thomas said, and she's been around a hundred years or so.
While people suffer back home, this American president's spending over $300 billion to fight this war,
and watch countless die including his own, who we send over to this backward land all the name of God,
what is just and what is right.
This is a sick and completely demitted strategy, plain and simple.
This administration must go and go on the 2004 general election before the American people continue to suffer
while their children cry out in a hunger and vain, and Richard and Carl Springs you are.
Absolutely correct sir.
He's always good, he's got a thumb on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, a lot of bedtime stories today we apologize for that, don't we?
No.
No we don't.
Oh, passions in talk radio, this is cute.
And what is this one here?
Is this rich factor?
Oh, gr-oh no!
You aren't going to believe who this fax is from.
Oh my God!
This is the most disgusting and of course he's ripping me from my-
Goodbye Greg, you idiot, I'm not interested.
I'm not going to read more, I read about three words of this.
Read?
Greg, that name is simple and great from Port St. Lucie.
Oh okay.
No, not Greg, read.
Oh I'm not going to read any of it.
What a simple idiot, like I need a lecture from this schmuck, I'm going to say what I believe and you can drop that, okay, you idiot, you quizzling, you moron, you.
I need instructions from him and the other chronics out there, and what I should say and how I should present it.
I say what I believe, okay, and I believe you're an idiot, Greg.
Get lost.
And by the way, Greg in the boi-in-beats, you're wherever the hell you are, St. Port Lucie.
Greg hates you.
Yeah, he don't like you either.
Pashins in talk radio, look at this, Louis Lopez Fitzgerald looks a lot like Moe.
Oh this is Miguel Lopez Fitzgerald looks a lot like Guilty.
Miguel looks like Guilty?
Ha ha ha!
Teresa Lopez Fitzgerald, crane looks a lot like Randy Rhodes.
Neo Rogers looks a lot like the original Ethan.
Oh yeah, right, I only wish.
George Rodriguez looks a lot like Timmy.
That was the Midget that died, you know.
The hammer looks a lot like Eve.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Yeah, bigger Eve with a lighter complexion.
T.C. looks a lot like the mad dog, and Gwen looks a lot like Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
God bless American, all those people that say a little Jessica.
Amen!
Saving private Jessica, baby.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
By the way Greg, I tore up your two pages of crap into little pieces and only read about eight words.
So I'm glad you wasted all of that time on Dreck, Eldreco.
You've simple to knew.
You have really done it now, and that was it.
That was the end of that.
God, just amazing how emotional some of these people get over the fact that there are those who don't agree with their bull crap.
You know, all these real educated, all these rocket scientists out there would do a lot of reading,
and we didn't know where these places are on the map, and we didn't know a little bit about history.
Right.
Anybody who's a chronic top show host, like you are, Greg needs a lot of bottomy needs, mental health.
Maybe you need a boyfriend, maybe that's the problem.
Okay, since Andy and Holly would turn you down.
Come in to QAM.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Yeah, you know, all those happy talking heads I was kind of disgusting last night.
You know, we won, we won, we knocked down a statue.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
You know, they don't, they listen to this morning, they're smorning, they had, what was the,
uh, lurbont had said, uh, not breaking news, but the late, oh, the latest development,
and they showed in Kirk Hook where they were turned out on other statues,
latest development, like this was a big story, they turned out on other statues.
You know, they said there was no opposition when we went to Baghdad.
Well, obviously not what we killed about 40,000 of their army and the rest just ran away.
So what opposition would be left?
I mean, they were like so surprised at it.
Yeah.
But, but there's a new bad rating.
Well, the side part of it is there are pockets, there are little pockets of it,
and there're going to be a lot more innocent people dying.
That's a sad part.
Well, also, you know, the new battle, of course, once the oil is awarded, which it has,
and telecommunication contracts are given out, is that planned parenthood wants to go in there
to teach them.
And the church is opposing it, of course.
Mm-hmm.
You know, but the real thing is, you really believe that the Bushmeister and his people are going to let
plant parents are going to go anywhere near these newfound Americans, are new colony?
Yeah, but you're talking about Jessica Lynch, the sad thing is,
is she joined so she could get the 20 grand and get an education.
And obviously, if we just trickle down some of that billions of dollars into places like West Virginia,
she could have gotten her education, what it became in teaching without going through this harrowing experience.
And we could have hired, obviously, people who want to be soldiers to be soldiers and just pay them, you know,
fairly like, you know, you get joined, like you're joining to be a cop.
Yeah.
But the real thing where Americans will love this war and say, this was the right thing to do,
was in six months from now, when gas is, whatever, 99 cents again,
this is the greatest thing that we should have done this maybe 10 years ago.
That will really get everybody back on the Bushmeister side,
even for the people who are on the fence.
Well, I see think that's going to happen.
Well, it's not going to happen.
Well, you're going to get gas.
I mean, oil now probably 40 to 50 percent below wholesale.
Okay. You know, we're going to trade in food for oil.
Yeah, but we're not going to get the benefit of that.
We're not going to get a savings. Maybe it'll go down a dime, maybe.
Well, it's already gone down a dime, so maybe another one.
Right.
What a bargain, man.
That's it.
Good luck to us.
I'll see you.
I'll see you at BPMico.
Not.
Well, let's see.
Here's another article about Bob Atkins.
I think it's probably the same thing we had before.
Had the habit of walking every morning from his home to the Atkins Center,
had a slip and fall on the ice, and he's still alive, but he's in now.
Let's see.
No change in his condition.
Not a good thing.
Not a bad thing.
We're waiting for progress.
He remains in critical condition.
We had a nasty fall, Dr. Bob.
Now, what was the caustic horrible thing that you said?
You thought it had something like another heart problem?
Yeah, some healthy.
Well, I'd meet and cheese.
That's what you were animating.
You didn't say it, but I'll like meet and cheese and those eggs,
and I'll let high cholesterol and fat.
That's what you were thinking, but didn't want to say it,
because it would have been very insensitive and cruel, and you'd be too much like George.
What a bit ironic.
27 past or moronic.
27 past noon at 5.60 WQAM.
If you're looking to do a little more this year for somebody's birthday new
baby or to celebrate Easter, send them a Vermont teddy bear.
Vermont teddy bears are beautifully handmade, and Vermont each one's a little bit different.
They make a personal and sentimental gift that you will be loved forever
because they're guaranteed for life.
They last forever unlike flowers that dine a couple of hours.
Bear counselors are ready to help you choose from over a hundred bears when you call
1-800-829-Bair, where you can shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Send the hair bear for Easter, complete with removable bunny ears,
or thank you administrative professional on the 23rd with our Life Saver Bear.
Every Vermont teddy bear comes with free card and candy all delivered in a colorful gift box
with an air hole.
That's an air hole, so even the presentation is extra special.
Let me say it again, air hole.
You won't believe the reaction you'll get when you send a handcrafted Vermont teddy bear.
Over night in Saturday, deliveries guaranteed, so call today tool free 1-800-829-Bair
or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Do a little more this year instead of Vermont teddy bear for Easter or any occasion.
That's 1-800-829-Bair, be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call.
Chewie!
Chewie!
Chewie.
All right.
Let's start the market.
We'll be so in London, though there aren't warnings.
It's time for Haliburton to get busy.
Out of patience at a time, let's get those oil fields online.
If humans have to die, well, that's a thing.
I'm dying out of here.
Out of in Falken Town, like John Wayne with fake balls, kill anyone who does get in our way.
Don't give a crap who it is for women down to little kids.
We've got to pump that oil right away.
Because war is good for business, I love grew.
War is good for business, and global crossing too.
War is good for business, and friends are free.
War is good for business, even MSNBC.
Roost it.
Point the camera over here.
Look at the woman.
What's the case with people glad to see us?
Leave a radar act.
Only this machine knows what the camera doesn't show.
All the rifles we got pointed at their back.
Our job again is working fine.
Got the goose that been in line.
Those more of will buy anything we say.
And those who choose to follow, they'll be rewarded in cash.
With cheaper prices at the Falken pay head.
They'll say that war is good for business.
Only well.
War is good for business, and Ron and Beckton.
War is good for business.
He is right.
War is good for business, and we do it thanks to life.
Who steps?
1232-562-2M.
By the way, for all of us, the fly must be there.
Who were so impressed by the selective vision they saw on their TV.
Yesterday, they selected images, because they don't have a brain.
They can't think for themselves.
The red cross is things aren't really worth celebrating about.
While network shows, Jubilee and Iraqis, the red cross say the situation is unacceptable.
That's their word.
Unacceptable.
While networks around the world are showing pictures of Jubilee and Iraqis,
albeit in areas that have suffered most under his regime, including the very poor Saddam City and the Kurds of the North,
the international red cross says the situation in downtown Baghdad is another story.
In a full interview from the center of Baghdad, Red Cross representatives said the situation is very hostile,
and that the American forces are shooting at anything that moves including one of their own convoys.
At the time of this filing, the IRC have been unable to evacuate one of their seriously injured colleagues, which may prove fatal.
The streets are scattered with casualties, and US soldiers are firing at anyone that tries to evacuate them.
The IRC said they are shooting at the clearly marked vehicles, and providing treatment of the wounded is not knowing against the Geneva Convention, but is unacceptable.
Preventing treatment of the wounded is not knowing against the Geneva Convention, but unacceptable.
The situation in the city is extremely critical.
Hospitals are reported to be overwhelmed by the inflow of war-wounded patients in summer without water or power.
The water supply for Baghdad is becoming an issue of major concern, following reports that the Cannot-Raw Water Pumping Station in the northern part of the city has also stopped functioning.
But they don't let any of the facts confuse you, okay?
Because these people were just in a way. They were collateral damage, and that's what it took for us to go free them.
Sustained on the news about light fighting, but whatever is going on with that bridge, I don't know if that was now or some other point.
And every fly sure says weapons of mass destruction will be found, and if they can't find them, we'll make them sure we conjure some up.
Light fighting my ass.
In addition to what's not your remember when we had in Corner what was supposed to happen, it was going to use chemical and biological weapons against our troops.
Did that happen?
No.
There's one of the best stories that I had you put on the website today is one about the possible deal that was made with the Russians.
Right.
That he could with a Russian embassy?
What the hell is that story?
It's only a four hour show.
It's in here somewhere.
You got it?
Take and care.
Come on.
Spoils of war by Bob Herbert.
Cheney links to a bids under attack.
Better late than never.
Top US lawmakers have called for investigations into the wording of reconstructing contracts for post-war Iraq, especially to a company once headed by best president Dick Cheney.
Thank you.
I got it right here, but thanks for the other copy.
Can never have too many.
As US-led forces encounter a baffling lack of resistance from a Republican Guard forces in Baghdad,
come reports that Iraqi president Saddam Hussein may have struck a secret deal for exile and returned for capitulation.
Arab news agency Al Jazeera, which of course their credibility is marginal sometime, says that reports that Russia's broken deal with Iraqi leaders,
where Hussein would surrender Baghdad without resistance and return from being exiled to a safe country.
Al Jazeera says that Lebanese television reported that Hussein is in the safety of the Russian embassy.
Huh?
Well, you believe whatever you want to believe.
It's a possibility, of course.
And of course the fact that they dropped those four bombs as gigantic 2,000-pound bombs on that compound,
where he and his sons supposedly were, and they haven't found any traces of him.
They found families there. They found some bodies.
Not him.
And of course we don't have his DNA anyway, but I guess even the little kids there didn't, that they pulled out of the rubble, didn't look like him.
Well, unlike the clowns, Saddam Hussein, they just couldn't pass as a double or triple.
Just mention that in passing, okay, for those of you who got all the answers, those of you who are a bunch of lemmings for this government, for these corrupt lunatics.
And now it's on the Syrian, and that'll be on to Iran, and we're going to liberate every one of the oppressed peoples of the world,
except of course our own, who are becoming more and more repressed.
Flaishu says, well, still not certain on the status of the Iraqi regime. Well, what the hell is that, man?
It's a gender, and other areas are the agenda.
I see.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, QAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Just put it in a little good news there, those two assholes that killed the deputies, they committed suicide.
That's shocked to be SO guy?
Yeah, they saw them in a back of a Jeep or something.
Oh, no, no, no.
Excellent. That's the best news I've had all the way.
Iran holds them and did themselves in and we call them a likesite.
Good.
Hey, Carl, you had no longer a likesite?
Here we are.
Okay, would you play that for me?
Absolutely.
Okay, then, a little good news there.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Fox News has now that's certainly ought to be in here.
I shouldn't have to go through the thing with a disc, a disc.
Huh?
It's not in there.
The call is in there.
Ah, I'll have to find it out here.
You know, this George, man, I'm going to tell you something.
When he comes back, you better straighten his ass out.
You know what I mean?
It's not in there.
Don't be looking.
I'll kick his ass.
Kick his ass, okay?
One of the few people that have shortered me.
Tell him we had a damn good week this week.
The audience seems to be pretty happy.
He did damn near one that poor yesterday about whose voice they hear to just fool me at the money.
Of course, you know, next time he does this show,
oh, my dear, we're gone.
Nia, what's rippin' you behind your back?
You know, I got to make sure to make sure.
I have to make sure, by the way, I'm going to play this right now.
But I want to make sure that it's the censored version.
So if you hear a little dump, you'll understand that maybe it wasn't.
You know, it could be exciting.
I think there's only one of those.
And I think they have that disc up in Toronto.
I think.
But you never know.
In fact, maybe this actually is really condolese-y, you know.
We'll see.
We'll see what it gets to everybody wants to-
Box News Heather, we really like to f**k you.
Whoa, man.
Box News Heather, whoa, we really like to f**k you.
We really like to f**k you.
You're a fine-looking fascist and a perfect little Nazi.
I want to put their company through your soil panties.
This dirty news, looking slogan sweet.
Lapping your limbs like hand-cultures roast meat.
Box News Heather, we really like to f**k you.
Whoa, man.
Box News Heather, whoa, we really like to f**k you.
We really like to f**k you.
You ever think about doing an adolescent?
Do you bitch?
You want me to show you three ways?
You're a fine man.
Don't you think I'm a man?
The little pink rose but between your punks.
I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum.
See you next time you need a story done.
Since it takes something more real to make you come.
Box News Heather, we really like to f**k you.
Whoa, man.
Box News Heather, whoa, we really like to f**k you.
Okay, 21 children, no one.
Jeez, don't say that, boy, especially around a Friday.
It is Saturday, isn't it?
I'm just trying to push things along a little bit.
You know, I'm just on speed or something.
I feel like it.
That sound like it.
That's because they actually speak this week.
How many votes we got on a pool there?
498, it'll be 500 momentarily.
Now that the US is running radio and TV or rack.
What should be the first show on the year?
Near Roger's show in 92, South Park, movie 76.
Baywatch 37, the Osborne's 36.
Your eSpringer's show 34.
Phil Henry's show 30.
Are you sure?
Saturday night live 24.
I dream of Genie 21.
And Gong's show 18.
And then fairly small potatoes after that.
I'll tell you some people who are really big potatoes.
And that's my good friends at Dollar Matress.
For years, I've been calling them every time my mattress is worn out.
You just have to face it.
You know, it affects your back and the way you feel the way you sleep.
If you don't get a good night's sleep, you do feel like crap.
It's one of the most important purchases you'll make.
So, the bottom line, being what are you going to do?
I'll shout to your department or bidding storm.
Waste a lot of time in effort and gas and money.
And get ripped off paying for somebody's high overhead or...
Make the one smart, easy call I've been telling you about for years.
And talk to my friends at Dollar Matress.
That's all it takes.
You'll talk to train betting experts who know the betting industry inside and out.
And get you exactly the mattress you're looking for at an unbeatable everyday low price.
Unbeatable delivery deal.
Just call 1-800-MATRUS-MATRUS-RES right now.
And you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep for years to come from Dollar Matress.
They got the best in the business. They got C. Lee, Sir Dick Simmons, King Coral.
Every size and style you could possibly want.
And don't forget, Dollar Matress is ranked numeral uno when it comes to customer satisfaction
because they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you buy a mattress this way with one easy call, you'll never go back to those showrooms again.
And please don't forget when you buy a mattress from Dollar Matress.
They'll set it up and take away the crappy soil smelly old betting for free.
That's right, Dollar Matress sets up the new and takes away the old betting for free.
So make the call right now to Dollar Matress and enjoy a great night's sleep for a long time to come.
1-800-MATRUS.
That's 1-800-MATRUS, be sure and tell them that old Neil and Fatboy toy did a call.
We're sports radio 516-UAM.
Peep-Up Peep-Me-A-Fox News coverage of the liberation of Iraq continues at a moment
with the latest surrender tellings.
The phenomenal battle successes of the last 24 hours.
And a special Fox News segment on the genius of President Bush.
Is he everybody's hero or a saint sent from heaven above?
Live coverage on CNN 24 hours a day is the war justified.
We'll show you a video of thousands of protesters yelling at each other then back to the battlefield
where US-led troops are meeting stiff resistance from egg-throwing Iraqi citizens.
Hello, Chris Matthews, MSNBC. I'm in the way I'm yelling that our reporters in Iraq say
our heart-wrenching stories have American heroism through green screen night vision cameras
and then we'll take you back to the States to meet their families in heavily-edged segments,
pre-trained dramatic music that will bring even the menless man to convulsing tears.
Why are you my yelling? I don't know!
Only on Al Jazeera will you find the truth about the war little rock.
Tonight we show you the messulous bloody murder of millions of innocent Arabs by evil US forces
as they desperately try to raise their kill ratio to hide their failing leadership.
It's 14 to 1. We all agree on as we miss the Iraqi Information Minister badly.
He was a real hoot. He was like our chuckle of the day. Sometimes twice a day.
We need to get him to show up.
In fact, maybe that would be good. Maybe the show will show him a series of clips compiled on air in Iraqi TV.
Here's the bullshit that you were hearing about the Americans are all gone and out here. Just look around you.
He's gone.
Hold ass, baby. Just like I said yesterday, like Tom Don't like his.
He's left in the middle of the night with a suitcase full of cash. Only Tom didn't have no cash. Just that stupid leather jacket.
Here you go. I talked about this before about Michael, Michael and his itch and Powell, son of our Secretary of State.
The nation's top media regulator warned broadcasters this week that the FCC will take extreme action,
including revoking broadcast licenses for egregious violations of the commissions in decency rules,
which means to make a long story short, you won't be here in Georgia again.
While FCC chairman Michael Powell has been one of the most vocal advocates against government intervention and free speech,
he told the National Association of Broadcasters that there were limits to his patients.
Although Powell expresses longstanding concern about government intervention and free speech,
saying he gets queasy when the government is the editor, he says the commission would use its full power and extreme cases.
Our rules run to the licensee, Paul said when asked about the commission's willingness to go to the matter of indecency at some point enough is enough.
Last week, the commission announced its intent to levie a $27,500 fine for indecency against infinity broadcasting operation,
Inc. WKRKFM in Detroit, and warned broadcasters that future indecency violations put their license at their risk,
you didn't believe me when I was telling you this before. You have little faith.
In its notice of apparent liability, the FCC said a WKRK broadcast between 4.30 and 5 p.m. January 9th of 2002,
included explicit and graphic sexual and extradatory references during separate discussions with nine individuals.
You're what I said with PI individuals.
According to materials gathered by the FCC, discussion on the Domensky Enduroil Show,
Domensky Enduroil Show included talk of breast size, masturbation, defecation, and anal and oral sex,
George, anal and oral sex. I just mentioned that in passing, okay. You listening, George, in North Carolina?
Dodo, dodo, dodo.
While Paul wouldn't directly discuss the WKRKFM, he said he felt comfortable with the commission's decision and that the commission has the power to pull a station's license.
This will never be an easy question. He said only under the most egregious willful repeated flouting at law will justify that penalty.
But on the other hand, revocation is an option at law.
Paul challenged the idea that Commissioner Michael Cops is pushing that media consolidation is aiding and abetting and cursing the media.
Actually, it's the hypercompetitiveness that's causing the OIA right.
And today's the water chronite and the sort of golden oligopoly the public interest could be a little more than what interest the public.
You could have an opportunity to serve vegetables with dessert. But in the modern media age, with changing morals and different media outlets, has pushed broadcasters closer to the line.
What I find today is it's so hypercompetitive that if you're on the air and you're not wanting to do the things that draw the interest of the guy next door, they will, he said, as soon as they do, you're in a competitive struggle with those people.
In an interview with reporters after Paul's comments, Cops challenged the chairman to examine the issue.
I think that certainly worthy of attention and analization Cops said equally worthy of attention to Alan analysis is their relationship between the rising tide of media consolidation and the rising tide of indecency on the airways.
I don't have the answer to the first question. I don't have the answer to the second question. I don't look forward to voting without answering those questions, but that's what we're doing.
So there is the debate again, the battle. The lines of a draw in the sand and don't mention your gland, okay, because Michael Paul is getting pissed off and fired up.
And I bet you John asked, if you say you go boy, you're indeed egging them on the pleasure place. You ain't see nothing yet, man. I'm telling you, pay for your act. Not just pay for your act to pay for your act three, four, five, seven, eight, nine,
pay for your act four, ever. That's right. In fact, I think you're going to be a whole bunch of pay for your acts. That's right. You mark my words. And all I can say about that is, let's go patriot. What's wrong with that? Let's go Tommy Brady. Maybe he still looks good to me. Boy, they're good. They're really good. They're going to kick some dolphin ass. I can't wait till football season. I'm serious. I mean, he's standing up playoff. So the stress from that second period last night. No, it's all the hockey cause we had today. No, none. None.
So typical of this town, of this station, of this crowd, it just said Islanders upset Ottawa right there in Ottawa. The first game, three, nothing is there choking gagging sounds from Jacques Martin and that crowd start coming out with your through the set.
Can you write through the TV set all those froggy croaking sounds. Bruins. I remember the Bruin fan called a few days ago. What do you think of my team? What I tell him. Forst rate, baby. Got no chance. No, I'd like to see them. I've said Jersey because I hate New Jersey. They make me ill and Dallas.
Edmonton beats Dallas every day in here when Edmonton makes it. They play Dallas. So let's kick their ass again. Looks good to me. Two one last night. I've gone boys.
What are you not in your head about? How many minutes of those games last night did you watch?
Third man. You know, watch 30 seconds. No, well, the high. Why? The highlights count. You saw the highlights. Yeah. You see, Alexander McGillian is three goals is hat trick. No. Asshole.
I don't know. I'm surrounded by lemons, man. Lemmings. This guy all he knows is, you know, beans. That's all you want. Bean counter.
Which is a good thing you're out your check today because believe me, that's what's in the envelope beans. My clearance came. I shut that door. I smelled a little residue.
We got to the mad dog coming up from the masters were it's rained out today. What I tell you, they should have timing on this was magnificent. But he's having a good time. That's all we care about. We love the mad dog. Glad he's having a good time. And we tell you here's about Mo.
Oh, I want a correction on the Mo Howard David showed him are about that crap about Jews can't be a belong to Augusta. I think that's he better do a retraction on that. Don't you think?
It's not true. He better. It sounds really inflammatory to me. It sounds anti-Semitic to me coming on here and talking about your crap. So either that's what he was referring to because he didn't say that specifically either that or they have a list and he and Goldie and Robert Reaper on list, which we could easily understand.
1252, and let me say happy anniversary for the umpteenth time to our good friends at Brandy Shoes in Palmano Beach because this year I've been celebrating my 27th anniversary in town and they've celebrated their 25th great minds work alike.
Any independent family shoestor that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century has got to be doing many, many things right like offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand shoes including rock ports, echoes, mafisto, timberland, carcs, SAS, floor shaman lots more.
Wide range of sizes, when they got little tiny teeny feet like baby feet or big fat ones, men's sizes 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12 and widths from very nearer to the very, very wide, like probably Janet's God.
And don't forget their professional sales staff, make sure you get a perfect fit every time with real great service. And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock and their 8,000 square foot megastore in their gigantic sure-oom, you'll certainly almost never hear, sorry Mr. or Lady, we don't have what you want in stock. They got it and you'll love it.
Brandy is a great, great place to take your feet to shop for shoes and the rest of you to Brandy is at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach open daily night at 9 and Sundays 10 to 5 and over.
Get all this wicked Brandy's it's a great time to buy SAS shoes, take 20% off all men's and women's SAS styles and be sure to visit Brandy's shoes at brandyshews.com.
I'm in law, this is school 20 and vice-c.
You way up.
I already have a homosexual relationship with Niel, so I might as well have one with you too.
Yes, somebody submitted he-hives honor, it's already gonna go.
We'll be released in Word.
Thank you.
We'll be exploded to dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there to sing and the right wing is really it over and over and to our hit.
Yeah, that iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
That's the only way to get that.
There's no longer mention of the name in law this but no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel of administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hit.
You're dead iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ass drop is saying I have nothing to hide.
Tables, pockets, all are sails.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservations.
Southerment provokes battle and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall, it's halivert and insult with no objection at all.
Timocrats don't have the fall and the right wing is really it over and over and to our parade watch pins.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Oh, we're fine.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
12.5560 WKYM here's the question with the facts who says when I watch the news see the murderous rich stances it makes me sick that he's not in the year and not in prison.
By the way, is that guy still dead?
I can't help but think what the family of that poor man that Rick ran over and killed must feel when they see his smoking face on actual TV giving his righteous opinion of freedom.
PS, the show and you love this, the show does seem better with George not there.
When he returns I hope he concentrates on producing and not being your life track.
Remember the bird? Stay healthy says Chris. Excellent points Chris.
The first thing we're going to have to do is really clean out this studio in the 360.
A lot of stuff because George when he fills in has the habit of like you know what I'm talking about.
George's concept in the show is to see how much he can get away with how many bleeped words he can start.
Keep your head to tell him that when I would nickers okay there's no such thing as shock radio anymore.
It's all been tried it's all been done people have heard all the bleeps all the words that's not what's entertaining anymore.
It's juvenile on the course George being juvenile and being desperate to get laid that's basically where his life is coming from.
That's his whole focus on life.
So maybe we ought to send him out to a focus group and leave him there.
Now he'll be back next week. Well he thinks he's coming back he'll be back in town next week.
Damn. I'm not so I might say be back working next week.
Anyway 500 and some odd votes Neil Roger show 98 which we're going to be starting in Baghdad next Monday.
South Park movie 81 Jerry Spinger although the show will be heavily edited I will turn to that.
Know how they keep saying ahead it like the Iraqi government was editing the reports well it's going to be the same when we have the Neil Roger show in the bag.
It's going to be like that like that kind of like that.
Anyway we got the mad dog from Augusta next we ought to have a real exciting show with that rain out up there and he's probably pouring it inside.
And then we got Hank the Humper three while I'm sure it's waiting right outside the door to discuss hockey and or Santa come playoffs with me.
Bye bye bye.
The Neil Roger show.
I'm a Christy.
That's a thank you.
Yeah.
My name is for learning how are David's a bitch.
Yes!
