Neil, you gave away 500 tickets?
Yeah, and 500 people total were at that game was a ghost town or funeral house.
It was a freaking morgue. It was a massive amount.
I'm 213.
My ass.
Everything you need to know if you finally taken a South Florida cure.
Have you got?
I finally eaten duck soup.
But there was 500 people there yesterday.
There was 10,000.
I'll blow every one of them.
Right.
There's no way.
There's a line at the door.
There is a 300.
By the way, he wasn't even at the game.
My drink.
Somebody had a lot of, or so many hot chickens that I would see.
I don't know.
Speaking of the beast, they're cured.
But how come the beast is doing live spots on your show?
A high-priced talent like you who can't even afford a car?
Yeah.
How come the beast is doing live spots?
I'm, I'm getting a Ford a car.
I just won't pay for one.
I'm getting, I got a car deal supposedly.
I'll believe it when I see it.
And the beast, I'm giving him real estate.
I have to charge him five bucks to do a live read.
Seriously, what kind of crap is that?
You're only offered two hours.
You have a little bit of veil.
Right.
And this little tub of crap that you're under-vergic blowing out of there.
Any ways, doing live spots?
Yeah, I'm going to bring that up to Greg Reed in my next meeting with him.
Yeah.
That's it.
It's a very valid point.
Why am I letting the beast use my avails?
No.
No.
Yeah, you know.
You're as how he did it.
He does it good on your show when we asked him to do it.
He asked him to do it.
He asked him, am I showing him?
Did he?
Yeah, like he wasn't getting paid for.
I guess I'm going to my mouth or something.
Yeah, I'm sure you did.
That's what clearance is.
You're marble, boy.
So Greg was offered,
he was offered two jobs.
You were that?
No.
No.
One in Tennessee, one in Kentucky,
his PD, he said he prefers KY.
Oh.
We got two pulls today.
We got two slippery pulls.
We're taking an early pull to see if
who's should be fired at the station.
Yeah.
Who is?
And guess whose name I got on top of the list?
Beast.
Oh, no, this is Beast.
This is Beast.
I love eating nuts.
What do you say?
I do.
Are you getting defensive already?
No, I'm fine.
What your name just happened to be at the top of the list?
Well, I was trying to get you wrong now.
Yeah, I think that you know,
everything you say about, um,
at least for all how it works.
What a place to come in.
Hey, listen, I'm looking at the sunset and the website.
Yesterday afternoon.
Oh, Dolphin Game won't be blacked out.
They finally sold out.
I mean, what are we talking about?
This is a town, especially in the summertime.
And all the way till December.
Forget about summer.
All the way through the fall.
There's nobody there.
They can't support anything.
If you game like a gigantic jockstrap,
they couldn't support it.
I went to a, uh, I didn't Roy's last night
for the first profile game.
And there was I think three guys who had Roy's last night.
I wish I did.
Yeah.
Hey, now I love getting rid of him.
Over the beast long enough, you'll have Roy's.
Those things are like, uh,
those are like parasites, those hemorrhoids.
You know, Roy Foster, Roy, who used to be Roy,
who used to work in our sales department.
He had bleeding, oozing hemorrhoids.
Oh, my.
Did you know that?
No, but I do know.
From that big strap on that he used to burrow all the time.
I can't even grab that.
Oh, I saw that thing that huge black tomorrow.
That thing was dangerous.
God, I bet you know, I won't even say what I think.
You didn't cut that thing.
Did your cuss grand's been on it and near it and around it?
Ah,
just thinking about that makes me go eat Tony Roman.
Oh, 10,213 and you were puppet.
Listen, even I, even I who don't give a crap about baseball anymore,
even I was like pushing.
Come on.
Listen, go out there and support the team.
They're like, uh, time for the wild Carly.
Nobody's show.
I was in right.
I was in right.
They can't play.
Must've.
I was in right field and I yelled, hey, batter's swing.
And you could hear me at home play.
I'm sure of it.
It's in better.
I could hear you on the ear.
I was listening to the game.
I said, that's for Rowland.
Right.
It was embarrassing.
Wow.
What are we going to do about this?
I'm just going to go and I'll go to LAO late tonight.
I think you wonder why the hell I don't want to be there.
You wonder why stay out of there.
I know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Only bad news, Scott.
The only bad news is my phone rag.
Well, I wasn't here.
I think I'm just, but I came back last night and there was a voicemail on my phone.
Guess it was from Roy.
Come on.
It was from the, hey, right.
The stalker, Jeffrey Merrier, close personal friend Jeffrey Merda.
Oh, Jesus.
No, no, no.
I don't have any year words of wisdom now are soaking in.
I don't question authority anymore.
You're right about everything.
I'm just going to go.
I'm going to go back to Bogotique and jump in the pool.
Good luck to you.
Excellent.
Have a great weekend, Scott.
You too.
It's Friday.
You bastards.
For Mason.
Yes.
They don't want you to know about the gloomless gas holes.
Bank from the whole damn nation.
The economy took a crack getting slaughtered in Iraq.
I'm a push to pay the traders.
For the people that want to know there's only one way to go.
You got to return newspapers, but
no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nobody just want to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to him.
Ain't going to be happening to me.
No.
But it cares about the land.
Holy evidence, too late.
Yeah.
Can they say what did you say?
They would never go to the media.
Yeah.
Anyway, no fathering with too much information.
I don't want to leave it.
I don't want to believe it.
So confused with the facts.
I've given fairs balances on mentally challenged.
Believe all the skew and fox news.
They don't lie.
No.
But it cares about the land.
Yeah.
Everything's just fine.
So one of few people died.
I can't be concerned with that.
I'm busy picking things up.
I have.
I don't say I didn't want to.
I just think I look at California.
It's just all of the ones.
10,000 to 13 in the Marlin game.
You have to know tied for the wild car lead.
They're now 12 games over 500.
They're a hot as a pistol.
They're doing all of this without Mike Lowell now.
Last a few days.
And nobody cares.
That's why I played that right off the bat.
Nobody gives a crap about anything.
No mo.
Right.
What?
Exactly. That's my point.
See even George, you don't care.
Hey, let's get to this first pool.
So I have to give you yesterday's pool results real quick.
Let's dispense with that guy on six.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello.
Four-letter deal.
Come on. Let's do it.
Yeah.
First guy that should get fired is you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, do it.
Do it.
You got it.
I'll take a couple by the way.
What was called in yesterday.
What do you say there at the end?
I don't know.
Some jackass.
First got by the court.
Thanks again for listening to the number one rated neo-Rodger show on the highly rated QA MU Assel.
Who's the most boring big name celebrity we asked yesterday?
Don I miss wins by such a landslide.
Hundred eight nine votes out of 1120.
I mean, he was like more than double.
Just a little more than double his next closest competitor Ben Affleck, 92.
Rush Limbaugh, that big bag of win right-wing crap.
85.
That was probably a Bushleger, a liquor or a leager that we just said on there.
Dr. Phil McGraw, who was a later vision and thanks very much to the guy that called it at the end of the show yesterday.
70 votes, a strong fort.
Harrison Fort 61.
Kevin Costner 58 Howard Stern 53.
Charles Groden and Richard Geertide 44.
Larry King 41.
Nice going, Larry.
Rosio Donald 37.
Laurie S. Step on a Carson daily 33.
George Clooney 31.
See, now that collar that I just had, that's typical of South Florida.
Sure.
I like, and I hate good morning, Neil.
Understand what is beautiful there.
Have a nice weekend.
Everything going great for you.
You know, no, it's like you should be fired.
Retire.
You know, a bunch of assholes.
That's why nobody's there.
George Clooney 31.
Woody Allen 29.
Ken Arrive 29.
Lisa Marie Pressley, that little guy 27.
Jeff Goldblum, gross 25.
I wish he'd fly away.
Ben Stein 21.
L.M.D. Jeterit 16.
Right on top of David DeCoupley 15.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 11 in California.
Phil Henry 11.
Phil Henry 11.
Are you sure?
Checked it twice, Phil.
J. Lotto 11.
Maria Scurry 10.
Steven Segal 9.
Slice the loan 8.
Edward James almost made the second page with five.
John Revolta 5.
Timothy Dalton 4.
Ben Stiller 4.
Denzel Washington 3.
Donald Sutherland only had two, because they thought it was very
exciting when he went, like that.
Anthony Hopkins 2 and Sean Connery had two.
So that's it.
That was pretty good.
I like that pool.
I would be taking two pools today.
First a quickie this hour.
If you could get one person fired at WQM, who would it be?
And here's the list we got so far.
Now, maybe we, oh, by the way, the path has got another stiff.
Jonas Hogan unloaded by the leaves here.
A stiff.
So they got an old ex-leaf, tied the gill, tied no relation to Todd Dreck.
And Jonas Hogan is going to be a long season panther, fans.
Jonas, Joni Hogan, boy, she's sucker.
What?
If you could get one person fired at WQM, who would it be?
Here's our list so far.
The beast, George, Neil, Mohawar, David.
Absolutely.
Farrell, Geldie, Greg Reed, Hank Goldberg, the Humper, a Joe Kostello, Mark Eisenberg, Orlando
Elzacquiri, and Jim Manage.
We left off Ed Kaplan because I just, I don't have the heart to put him on her.
Because there's no way he ought to get fired.
I mean, no way any of these people should get fired.
I'm not thinking that people are getting fired just because somebody feels like it.
And the reason I'm taking this preliminary poll is because Farrell wants the beast fired,
bad, who already got blown off of the Mohawar-Davidid show.
Well, not fired, just off that show.
He wants him reassigned.
Right.
But that's no fun.
I mean, no, seriously, can you imagine doing a poll?
Who would WQM reassigned?
I mean, how do we talk about that?
That's not the South Florida F and Y.
No, that would be gay.
The South Florida F and Y is fire your ass.
You should be fired, Neil.
You should retire.
And George, you suck.
You know, no, bro, yeah, bro.
But you're unfriendly, nasty, miserable, hateful, rotten bastards.
This is what you got in South Florida, which is why nobody can show up for anything ball games.
That's why they almost had a blackout.
Can you imagine the opening, the home opener for the dolphins, even though it's against the girls' team?
Blacked out.
Can you imagine that?
How embarrassing that would be?
No.
So they had to go right down to the wire to sell the last tickets so they could lift the blackout and declare it a sellout.
And the Marlins' 10,213, like Scott said, they were like maybe, you know, maybe a couple of thousand people.
There's nobody there.
Nobody there.
They're red hot.
They're on fire.
They're like the shock of the sports world, at least in baseball.
And nobody cares.
Nobody's there.
So why the hell should we be here all, all gone out of shape?
Nothing we can do the best we can about what?
About life in general.
So let's get that new pole up there Eric.
Let's, well, keep this one on at 11,11,30 and now we got that second pole, which is similar.
Sure.
You noticed the similar already there?
I did, but it's much broader, much broader scope and more fun.
Hey, listen, when you got up this morning and took a deep breath, what were you breathing?
If you're tired of the schmutz, the mold's forged, the dust particles and all the other crap in your air.
Maybe you've got a really bad mold problem.
You ought to call 1-866-542-4995.
That's the number four, clean air restoration.
These guys really know how to get your air clean.
If you have respiratory problems or allergies, call 1-866-542-4995 today.
You spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but not a penny, to ensure that the air that you and your family and even your pets and your goalfish are breathing is clean.
The air filter system on your air conditioning system is there to protect the AC coils.
It's not intended to filter the air that you're breathing.
Their HEPA filtered air handling systems take out almost all airborne particulate, including all sorts of nasty things.
Molds for the can potentially produce micro toxins, animal dander, dust mites, insecticide yeast, yeast cell, skin flakes, building material dust.
It gets my dander up just thinking about all the crap we're inhaling every day.
Clean air restoration is less than insure their employees have been in the business for over 25 years.
Right now, clean air restoration is a special neal deal for you.
For just 1990, VADDOT conduct a visual mold assessment of your house, they'll inspect your AC unit.
AC air ducts, your home material and attic too.
From there, that can suggest what you may need to make the air in your home cleaner and safer.
Clean air restoration handles mold related insurance, claims, commercial and residential projects as well.
So, improve the quality of your life by improving the quality of the air you're breathing every second of every day.
Call now, 1-866-542-4995.
Clean air restoration will make your air fit to breathe. That's 1-866-542-4995.
My, my, and look, this is 4405-60.
In the way, in the way, yeah.
Who's gonna give Ricky a blow?
Hello, everyone. Billy Maze here, the guy who brought you Oxy Clean and Orange Clean.
Now I've got a new product that harnesses another all-natural cleanser, introducing Fisi's Clean.
Look at that red wine stain on this carpet. Think you have to throw it out?
Think again, just a few squirts of Fisi's Clean.
And look at that. Now you won't even care about the wine stain.
And Fisi's Clean even turns the carpet back to its original color as long as it was brown.
Let's put Fisi's Clean to work on this iodine stain.
The patented brown foaming action and the distinctive odor is how you know Fisi's Clean is working.
Now, just wipe it away with a crumpled piece of this two-ply wiping tissue free with your purchase.
Take it from me. I should know. I'm Billy Maze.
My initials are BM. And Fisi's Clean works everywhere.
Your home, office, garage, boat, or RV. Anyplace, accidents happen.
It even works on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skin marks.
I'm Billy Maze. Telling you that when stains gotta go, you gotta go with Fisi's Clean.
Older now.
1018 at 560 WQM Happy Friday to you. And we left a very important category off this initial pool.
Do you realize that? Nope.
Don't fire nobody. Oh, that's right. That's how I want to word it, Eric. Don't fire nobody.
No, there are people who are real happy. How many of you think are happy?
About 30 minutes.
But don't want to see anybody get canned. I don't like people getting fired.
No. Even Mo. Although I did vote for him.
But even Mo, I would like to see him get fired. I'd like to see him get reassigned.
Like maybe two up to Peacca or something like that. You have salantie.
It's like fire is like, you know, just like when he tried to get your ass fired.
You know, you say so it's brutal. You start playing with people's lives.
Right. Cruel heart.
Cruel, obnoxious, disgusting, unacceptable. So let's add that on there. Don't fire nobody.
Here's a call from moral Gevels. Hello.
Reply your child. Retire. You just asked retire.
I beg your pardon.
Then and vigor this time. Right. That was good. That was a good one pal.
Here's open park. Hello.
I'd like to put my phone in for the whisperer.
Hello.
Which means what?
George when he whispers when that guy calls in he goes, it's rapper John.
No, no, you mean the mumbler. No, he goes, it's rapper John.
It's rapper John's again. Ask another asshole. So there's there's three out of three assholes.
Rebat in the thousand. Even Thai Cobb couldn't do that. Even baby Ruth couldn't bat a thousand.
It's going to be asshole Friday. You know what we're prepared for. I'm I'm delighted.
I'm ecstatic. At least there's a pulse. You know, I'm saying Tom jikers says I can't. Oh, by the way, what year?
How many years since Tom jikker wrote a column in the Sun sent.
Third man. Yeah. The last column on the website July 29.
This last time I checked is the fifth of September. So we kind of missed a month in there.
And that's on the heels of his big whining and dining out in LA with all the big Hollywood TV moguls.
You know.
But I'm the one that's supposed to be out of touch. Touch this Tom. You little jackass.
You little squirt. Maybe he died or something. I think he died. I don't know.
Greg and Sun ride. Don't know. Respond. I don't wish he would die. I mean, maybe like have died his hair.
That would be good if he had any three to five this afternoon.
The lovely Miguel who's got plenty here. He'd like to show you some of it.
He'll be at the coconut creek Semino Casino 55 50 Northwest 40 of three.
Just off sample row west of the third bike and prestigious very jury after coconut creek with our vestigal merch and nice and a QM van.
Three to five this afternoon. We better plug that a lot because I have a feeling we had 19,400 as of the start of the show yesterday.
And we're just not getting no information.
If dare, if Doreen would keep her goddamn hands off of his ass. Maybe he'd have some time to really get involved in this thing heavy duty.
And I'm saying, but she is back there like grabbing his ass and trying to, you know, squeeze his privates and sticking her tongue down his throat.
That sounds like sexual harassment to me, don't it?
Okay. Damn bitch. Anyway, Greg and Sunrise says, Hi, Neil. I'm a fellow DNH devotee. Do no harm. Thank you. God bless you.
First, thanks for the entertainment. Thanks for your comedy about the beast being way too visible on a feral show.
I sent an email to definitely form to start a tune out whenever the beast interrupts and talks over Scott.
Finally, can you imagine a rain station? Whatever they had. Scott and managed to do the dolphin games.
I seriously, I said yesterday that feral ought to be doing the Marlin games with Boog, right?
And I'm serious about that would be great as the colored guy. He could be the colored guy.
It says it would be outrageous. Scott and Mandage. Could you please play a Mandage yell and Scott screaming?
Woo! Ass simultaneously. Greg and Sunrise has worked up at a befrenzy.
Moe Howard, David's leading the early returns. And if one person was fired a QA, who should it be?
We got 28 votes. Come on. You can hop on here. We don't have a lot of time for this. Let's go.
Moe Howard, David, has 14 to beast four, a guilty two. One for Mandage, one for George, one for me, one for Scott, one for Greg Reed, one for the Humper.
And now it's a, look at that. Most up to 20 votes. How do you like that? Absolutely. I think he's a winner.
Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Moe and Beast ought to be on from two to five or whatever. They're the worst on the air.
So put those two together and make them live with each other. They're miserable bastards.
Okay. Thanks.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the on the eighties. What did I tell you? This is the kind of stuff.
This is the meat and potatoes of South Florida. This is why nobody comes back unless they absolutely have to be there.
They got to call the couple of days ago. You know, that would be a good poll question. Why do you come back?
It's just not, it's an old brainer. Gravity. Because they have to. They have no choice.
There could be no other reason. No other reason.
And this is part of the problem is try to support anything in a horse and buggy season old town.
I don't care how many millions of people they claim live there. There's just a few people, you know, the old wet foot, dry foot, the light foot.
Remember Gordon Lightfoot? Yeah. How's he doing? That's what it's all about.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, he's starting a new deal on that guy. Here's Miami on four. Hello.
Yes, sir. Oh, yes. That big gun. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm from the Jamaica. I'm near. You know, what language you speaking, man?
To make on. To make on, huh? Yeah. What can I do for you? Say something.
No, it was up to me, man. Out of fire. How was it? But since it said to take it easy on how would I say I give my three
Ems to three 15 show and have him be the sideline reporter for a middle school.
Yeah. All right. All right.
You got his number, George? Oh, yeah. Sounds like he's got the good crap.
Okay. Now we're getting going on this. Are we? No. More Howard David leading, of course.
What is your what a concept?
George and I both voted for Mo. Most got 26 votes. Well, I saw where there's only two votes on there in the beginning.
We're both ours. The beast eight. Don't fire nobody. Seven. We like those seven people.
They want. They appreciate the fact that we need to eat. Okay.
George five. Greg read five. Neil three. Fire. Neil.
For all three. Two for guilty. Orlando, Elsa. Queer is got to Jim.
The madness has got to pair. But the people are really surly because mad dog never gets any negative votes.
You know what? Right. There ain't nobody don't like the mad dog. He's got a pair already.
Joe Costello's got one. A humber's got one. None for my guy. I said we got a 65 because nobody has any idea who he is.
He's the guy. He's just terrible on the air. Here's pop it. Oh, hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. A couple things for you. George should be fired.
Yeah. And I got a question for you. You said 50 TV is really good. Yeah.
I went on online the other day. I checked out 30 TV. All it is is American broadcasting.
No, it's not. I'm not talking about any of the network American network shows that carry. Why do you have no idea what you're talking about?
You idiot. You parochial. Invisal. He went online. Yeah. What is happening? You watching city TV online?
No. No. Here's a guy that he's he's he's critiquing for me. Television in Toronto because he's looking at some crap online.
The listing of network shows that they might carry. What does that have to do with anything with the price of peanuts? Anything?
No. Nothing. There's one of your people. I mean, what are your, a negative people? Yeah.
The coast to show you. The people that hate George generally speak and don't know. Schmidt.
Although some of them are pretty like the aburian guy. Now that he hates you. Is that why you got so bad out of shape yesterday?
No, he's a chronic. He never had anything to say. Well, that's fine. Listen. Are we going to be picky? See you? You should now understand.
Am I that stupid? I'm going to be picky now. We've talked. We talked about eight people already this morning.
And seven of them we could live without. But it sure it kills him. Good time. We're getting paid for it. What the hell's wrong with you? He's a stalker.
Mo, how no, no. Rumor is the stalker. Well, he's two and he's here. The at least the aburian guy ain't here, but rumor is here.
And I'm serious. I'm not answering my phone this weekend. If anybody I know calls me, don't worry that I died. Although I might.
But it's just that I'm not answering the phone. I don't want to be bugged by rumor. They're staying at the most expensive hotel in the city here.
According to his voice mail last night. I think I'm getting choked up about. I'm gagging on it.
See, I just died. Okay. Don't call me. Remember I died. So we could probably afford his own meals. No, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
Damn it. Stalking me in Amsterdam. There they are. Hint around. Over. I'm getting gagging on them.
The stalkers and you know what? My phone is ringing right now. My phone in the other room is ringing right now. That's the best. I love.
It rang once. That was the best. Oh God. I know who that was to probably some pervert. Anyway, Moe Howard David in 34 don't fire nobody 12. That was great.
The beast nine towards seven Greg Reed six. The mad dogs got four and guilty for it. I can't believe this.
What's going on with a surly crowd? No wonder nobody wants to be there. For else got three Orlando three. I got three. Most people only got a pair.
But I got three one little one. Hey Goldberg two Joe Costello one and Mark Eisenberg people are saying who the hell is that?
I'm a local. This is my city. The radio's all yours.
You got it. And every post station around. And now what the judges on real.
But they go. And the oil. And the oil.
Oh, can't you see me standing here? I got my back against the building machine. This is the worst in the city.
I used to pay one.
Oh, what the hell.
Can't price is that.
Oh, yeah, thank you, Mr. President for those little gas prices. Those record high gas prices a box 75 average.
Unletter crap. By the way, you also lost 93,000 jobs in August. Do you see that? Where they lose them.
I'm the non farm. Well, seriously, 93,000 non farm jobs lost in August just when they're peddling us a bunch of crap about.
Oh, the economy's turning around. It's great because they certainly can't talk about foreign affairs now.
So now all of a sudden he's started to talk about the economy like he's putting all the pieces back together.
Is he doing it? Of course not. If you could get one person fired to WQA.
I'm who would it be? Where I was going to the largest stock a little preliminary poll today. Beast is doing pretty well.
Moe Howard David had 46. Don't fire nobody. 21. The beast 11 towards nine. But Greg Reed 8.
Neil 6. You made it. Six. Hangover 6. Geldy 5 or Landwell's a query.
Farrell's got three. Joe Castello on mark. I come on 70 vote for Mark Eisenberg. Please you don't have any votes.
And even though this is one where you don't want to have a lot of votes, if you don't have any votes, it's like you're being ignored. Nobody has any idea who you are.
Right. Like you're not important enough for a vote. Now this says Naples on nine. We're always dubious. Here's Naples. Hello.
Mark. Yeah. Mark. He's over in Naples allegedly, but he's listening to a boring show. Thank you, asshole.
Boy, you guys are he's a little bit too far south to get blown away with that tropical wave. Just wait.
Mickey's going to be in the Atlantic. Here's Miami. Hello. Morning, sir. Yes, sir. Have you seen Jerry Lewis's head? Is this Woody? Yes.
You know something? Well, I don't know what this this is going to shock you, but when I pressed that button, I thought it was Woody.
I don't know. I'm not joking either. I knew it was him. I mean, would he call us on a day like this? He'd call us on a he would.
It's asshole Friday. And this goes to show you only the losers stay in town. The other people I mean who have to stay there for their jobs, etc.
Well, that's an other story, but the losers stay there at this time of the year.
When it's 400 degrees in the shade, you've got all these tropical storms and hurricanes and tropical waves and all of this other crap.
And then about 40 people doing the wave at a baseball game, which went out with the nickers.
Look at this.
Cato Valley Arkansas man charged with wearing a skippy swimsuit.
A man's skippy swimsuit was too much or too little for Taco Bell workers in Arkansas.
Employees at Taco Bell called police Sunday when the man walked into the restaurant wearing only a tiny black speedo swimsuit in the cutoff t-shirt during the Labor Day weekend.
Cato Valley police chief Hiram Latin said his entire relactor of was a little too revealing. He was just hanging out there.
He was inappropriately dressed for a restaurant, Sid Latin. He said the man had left his clothes at a lake.
The man faces a $750 fine possible jail time if convicted of indecent exposure.
According to Arkansas law, personally charged with indecent exposure, he knows his conduct is likely to cause a front or alarm.
Police ticketed the man and took photos of him in the speedo for use in court. Can't wait to see those.
He was just like hanging out at Taco Bell.
Religion in the news, you got more of this.
Oh boy Roman Catholic more your anti Catholic bashing and shame on at George. I think you ought to be fired.
I know. Three sisters, Sue Los Angeles, Sarge Stysies. The story about that movie is kind of important because this is a monumental movie and the church of course is doing everything in its power to keep anyone from seeing.
You don't mean the Magdalene sisters.
There's a one when Mary Norris went to see the Magdalene sisters a film dramatizing the inside the forced labor longries that the Roman Catholic nuns once ran in Ireland.
She saw her reflection and couldn't stop crying. What hit me the most was how they dehumanized us at North 70s but no relation to a Gordon Norris who spent two years in one of the Magdalene's silences that housed women deemed guilty of immoral acts.
Her sin she said was sneaking away from her job twice a week to see a film.
Until recent years official silence and private shame have shrouded such grim experiences.
But the Magdalene sisters who directed by Peter Mullin has won plotlets in Europe, appreciating light on a dark chapter in Irish history. The film widens its US release to about 50 cities this month.
I did find the film depressing but I'm so delighted that the subject is being aired so publicly because it was very nearly swept out of the carpets at Francis Finnegan, a historian whose pioneering research on the Magdalene laundries inspired Mullin to make the film.
It estimated 30,000 women toiled in nine such petatenturies in the early 19th century until 1996 when the last of the laundry shut down in Dublin.
The last woman taken the facilities and her 15 years before that.
Oh my god, since the system began as a means of rehabilitating prostitutes but quickly expanded to become a dumping graph for any woman deemed to have committed a sexual wrong from giving birth out of wedlock to flirting.
Wow, and it goes on. Mobile watch that film several times just like priest. See the church likes to cover up all of the stuff because it's too embarrassing especially on the heels of all her pedophile crap which they're still kicking dirt on that just like your dog out in the backyard to try to cover up his pile.
Moe's got 49. Who should be fired to QAM out of 146? Don't fire nobody 23. The B-15. Greg Reads got 11. Greg's moving ahead of George.
Oh, George is squeezing his kneecaps. He's so excited about that. Well, because if there's any problems here, we know that Greg's got his own. I just moved ahead again. Moe 53. Don't fire nobody 23. B-15. George 12. Greg read 11.
Mad Dog 8. Neil 7. Hank 6. Geltie 6. Orlando 5. The big O. Forels got four. Mark Eisenberg's got a period. I don't get carried away. And Joe Castell is only got one because nobody don't like Joe. Nobody.
They just don't listen to his show but they like Joe. Here's Miami on 7. Hello. I know who these you guys ought to they ought to fire over there. The guy on midnight. What's his name? Ed Kaplan or whatever? You think we ought to put Ed Kaplan on there? That guy is terrible. He's terrible. He's the most boring person I've ever heard in my life. He isn't I scoff at you right? He is boring and that gambling stuff is turbo based in I scoff. Oh screw that. I mean, he entertained me for God's sake. Okay. We'll put him on here to make you happy. See nobody
gets off on this one. I thought Eddie Kayle just sits in ice guy and everybody like him. Huh? He is benign. He's kind of like a benign tumor in your radio. But let's put Ed Kaplan on there Eric because we don't know. Yeah, why the hell should he get like special dispensation? He ain't even Catholic for Christ.
You're a little thing. He said you're very busy but you're dressing for the jeep. He asked if you would find wearing something on the seat. It's got your way to call.
Wait till Tom. Every time he tells you to see his basketball. Where do you look retarded? Retarded for seven to talk about?
Where do you look retarded? Retarded for seven to talk about?
Where does Robert might just sit down for a while? Where does Robert might just sit down for a while?
He's got your way to call. Where does Robert might just sit down for a while? Where does Robert might just sit down for a while?
And you're retarded. Retarded for seven to talk about.
Henry Ford is a great play with us Robyn and Viv. Let me take the lady and cook on a cream first. Hello.
Hi, how are you doing? Pretty good. How are you?
Welcome back. It was a long hot summer. How are you?
I wanted to tell George about the Rudy show tonight but I guess he was too busy to answer the phone. He's not answering phones. He's the best.
I asked whoever is answering the phone to just tell George about the concert tonight. But I wanted to say welcome back to you because it's great to have you back.
And when you deliver flowers to the walking dead all day long, it really cheers you up to listen to you.
Well thanks, we don't have a great weekend. Come to the poor house tonight and see Rudy.
Okay. Live underpants song. See ya. Be rock n' els. Bye. It would be a long trip for me to make it do, don't you think?
I think. XNBA star Rodman arrested for drunkenness. Former NBA player Dennis Rodman was arrested today for allegedly being drunk in public.
Policenny and LA area CSI community of Newport, Beatsa, they received a complaint that a man on a boat dock had been drinking.
When we got there, Mr. Rodman was at the dock next to the restaurant attempting to untie the boats and poli spokesman Jim Amorino.
Deputy's observed Mr. Rodman fall to the ground. Amorino said the interview to him in determined he was out of the influence of alcohol unable to care for himself or his property.
The 42-year-old Rodman was taken to a new port beach jail before being released. He told ABC TV and LA he had not been drinking while driving the boat. I was just walking to my boat, he said.
Alright. See, remember what I told you? A little piece of personal advice for everybody out there. Once a scumbag always a scumbag.
Absolutely correct sir. Make no mistake, I booed it. Now for real, I asked if I would plug this, I would plug anything for Scott because he's good people.
And because he's doing us a hell of a favor by doing the lead in. And also because he gives us that separation from the moment.
Oh brother separation anxiety. How yeah, how this has changed my life and your life and it really connected with his show's life believe me because we got.
Yeah, oh, what am I high as they say in China? For I will be at Ole Ole Ole Ole Ole Ole.
On the Las Olas Riverfront 6 to 8 tonight he'll have some fins to get Steve away probably a bunch of them because you know it's bogus to sell out thing.
It's just mind boggling that we still got such a horse and buggy market that we have to like give tickets away and give freebies and have people buy up a bunch of tickets because we can't sell out the cock fights anymore even in in sweet water. Pretty embarrassing.
Mary own Cooper City rights. I thought for real loves the beast. It sure sounds like it on the air. He even went to Ferrell's birthday a bash on the cruise. He went to the birthday basket. He was free food and he thought he might get lucky.
I think they're a good the host slash producer combo Neil and George good combo Mad Dog and his producer good combo. It used to be that producer really spoke on here but I think it's a well adopted concept. Thank you Mary own Cooper City are no programming our new programming consultant.
And me too.
And I'm a advocate to her. Thanks Mary. By the way we love your restaurant Mary the Baker see for your father for your father. That's in so I'm sorry.
Anyway if you could get one person fired to WQ me better vote in this fast because once it gets to be about I don't know 11 how much past 11.
About 30. I love and 30 will put that second pull up which I'll talk about after the top of the hour or whenever I feel like it 184 votes.
Mo Howard David leading the pack he's often running baby he's in the league of his own.
Absolutely. He's got 64 votes. Don't fire nobody 29 the beast though 19.
George 17. Greg read 12 yours truly I got nine. Yeah.
Mad dogs got eight. I'm really surprised at that aren't you. I have.
He never gets any negative it goes to show you how sour the people are there now.
There's that big hurricane. What is it hurricane Julius or whatever it is in the Atlantic or junior from you.
I say South Carolina is getting wiped out. Excellent. Too bad for a hilton had to.
On Neil nine mad dog eight. Yaldes got six. Hank Goldberg six Orlando.
I was a query six for else got five. Three from our guys in Berg Joe Castell.
One any K don't have any. For that chart. I called before that said he was boring in his terminal of these car or that wasn't it was a.
It was supposed not a show. Remember giving me a song and see I did the right thing by not putting it.
I don't know if anybody likes me even if they find a show boring they don't want to see him get fired.
Only mean nasty miserable people who are busy listening to a senior cruise records want to get any K five.
I am serious losing. I am dead now. But I remember when I was alive.
I will be doing it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it.
Here's Miami. Hello. This is Eddie. Oh wow. It's the it's the retired guy now doing fake Eddie.
Is this great or what? See I'm looking forward to this today you get too early.
Yeah. Yes you did. You talk to me but I'm just in the mood for this today if they're every if everybody we talk to is in our case today don't bother me.
Now I get paid just the same plus we get tons of calls that way. You know I'd be saying what I'm saying I'm here for the money.
That's what I'm saying what you already know I don't give a crap about it in this car but you okay.
I know it's fun we be fun and here's a call from Voka hello. Voka.
Oh my god Voka passed away. I'll be God damn.
Oh! I missed up their chance to show their cheeks to the world.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Neil. Yes. Oh okay. Zero on fire and anybody. If I don't want to hear him I just change the channel.
I'm on my two segments every day and then move on. That's what I'm doing for all of years obviously.
I'm a lot of time a wife and I we've been here for about seven months and I got appreciate your show because about the only thing kept me saying here.
We're moving back to Central Texas which I'm saying to say is 60 miles too close to shrubbed Texas there.
But I don't know. So I would you last to seven months and you couldn't take it right?
That's it buddy. Well good luck to you paly. See on the internet.
Okay. Alright bye. Bye bye.
How do you like that? There's another one. Yeah.
It came from Central Texas with it without a banjo underneath with the highest of hopes and even not not even the South Florida like the one it is part of sub.
I mean like Palm Beach County. Right. Good handle it.
They said no way Jose there putting a cramp back and he old camper and they're heading back.
That's a shot if you'd rather go back to Texas. Right. Well that's what he said.
He's only 60 miles from shrub country but he's still going back. They figure anything better than that.
What are we going to do about it? Are we ever going to change anything?
No. Is it ever going to do any hope? Well you know that pull we're taking next.
Right. I think that might be a start you know in addition to all of those busloads I talked about the transfer of people transferring the losers in the old dying people and bringing some living and breathing people who are in a good mood down.
That might help. Here's your call. That's just broard hello. Hey how you doing pal? Pretty pretty good amigo. Yeah listen.
A lot of you know what you don't have it on the list but how about all these sales holes you got working in it.
I can't keep it the right copy that you know some people do listen maybe to hear about some of the products that you do coach you know and you know you got old copy and you're not going to but some of those sales holes need to be fired now.
I'm not a drag see I imagine that in George's and no he's another even toy.
But listen now we don't want to fire Troy Troy's a good guy he is totally incompetent but he's a good guy at least he's either tough there.
Yeah he's the token show. I'll tell you one thing he's a lot better than.
And has a much larger penis. I don't know about that and no and no oozing bleeding hemorrhage either.
You have a plasma TV meal not yet. Now listen I was in Philadelphia and they got a new football stadium they're called Lincoln Financial.
It's a football only because they're going to implode a veteran stadium after the baseball season over they're going to get a baseball.
But listen they got a 96 foot plasma TV.
So pristine the place cost 560 million they say it costs 12 to 15 million just for this plasma screen everybody's watching the screen and not the game and they can't if there's the people say that they can't take the rise off the screen.
I'll be damn.
Oh I'm you know you inspired me though I'm going to fight out from the audience if getting a plasma TV is worth it so he's gone.
Yeah but then he was a good call. I've seen him at Best Buy they sure look so.
You see this guy at Best Buy? How do you know?
Oh yeah, Polly. Maybe that's a giveaway when he says.
Oh yeah Polly.
And it's not Fat Boy it was a giveaway.
I'd like to get a giveaway plasma TV I hear they're really incredible.
They are.
Now see I don't have room to hear for plasma TV because already my TV is too big for my room for my living room because you're not just not far enough to mount it on the wall.
It's mounted. I know some people have been mounted on a wall like Clarence or maybe just against the wall.
Mo Howard David and I think is going to win this baby he's got 70 vote out of 204.
Nice going Mo you are and like I said in a leak of your own.
Absolutely.
Mo 70 don't fire nobody 34 George 21 the Beast 20 you pass the beast.
Uh oh.
Greg read 13 Neil 10.
Neil Towns to meditate Hank Goldberg 7 Orlando Alessagiri 7.
Geldie 6 for L5 Mark Eisenberg 3.
Joe Costello 1 80 K's got one little uh.
Spoa voted for him.
80 K's only got one see what we should really be asking here because they're not they're not really voting on who should be fired.
They're voting on who don't they like right?
See what I'm saying?
Because if you're going to fire something there's got to be a reason for it and I'm not I don't they they can all vote for me.
I don't really care but there has to be some reason like bad ratings or you're not bringing a good enough revenue or all of these things.
You know there has to be some reason for it like a like you're a failure.
Which probably why I'm always leading by so much I would think so.
But but nevertheless that's okay it gives him a chance to spew some of their South Florida Ventum as the guy says the Ventum.
Here's a call from Hollywood with their loaded with it.
Hello.
You're sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
You guys need to fire the beast.
Yeah any special reason?
I got a lottery I can go on on.
Go ahead and take all the time you want man.
Take a couple of hours.
He's a beast.
He's better than fat itself.
He reminds me of a beast.
He looks like a penguin from the Batman.
He does.
Without the talent.
And in plus he's such a homer.
He's got a hurricane football that's it.
That's it you're right all he knows is hurricanes is her a coons that that that's it plus plus he sucks up to the gacky so much it inverses me.
He's that he knows nothing about sports and reminds me of the penguin therefore he should be out of there.
Okay thanks pal.
I give him a big kiss for us.
See yeah we have plenty of target.
So the beast let's see he's got 20 but you got 21 right?
That's just you know you know what that is.
Yeah.
You only difference being George is very thin skin and takes it personally even though he'll deny it even though held the night.
Why do you keep saying that because it's true because you still are you take it personal.
Sure whatever you're uptight you take all of these guys personal.
I mean it'll be a lady and then a drug dealer and an anti-seminal these other things you say right but at least you're honest.
But like the guy yesterday that Ojoan provocateur.
The only guy.
A brilliant guy.
You don't say anything about me but you got so psychotica but I see that and he don't even knock you and you still were psychotic.
What does that have to do with being a good guy.
But who the hell are you like that bitch says right?
Who the hell are you to be the side who I'm going to talk to or not.
I just said I call over stepping up your bounds.
I said he had a bad idea that's all I said.
So you shouldn't talk to him and take a shot.
You went on for many minutes.
Fuck third man.
I was warning you on racing.
Stop the raving about that guy and why do you talk to him and why do you listen to him and he's a chronic and he's a sick person.
Which of course you're right but never less.
I mean so what makes them him that different from anybody else on the who calls this show most of them nothing.
Well there you go.
If it's in like a rubber glove.
Okay the next poll now we'll leave this to what by 1130 or is it you think it's finished.
Finito.
No whatever 1130 sounds good.
No I think now.
Okay.
Well no no no what is what is your left to prove.
I think that the places are all the you are tied with the beast.
Or request one vote.
220 votes and I don't take a couple minutes for her to change it.
Last chance to vote on this poll who you're going to get fired on QAM.
Mohawar Davided, star of state screen and the dolphin broadcasts.
And pepper dice.
He's got 77 votes.
Don't fire nobody 35.
The beast 21 and George 21.
Ever see the two of them together?
Kind of easy to teleport Greg read 15.
I got 10.
She'll manage eight.
Yoldy seven.
The Humper seven.
The big O's got seven.
Farrell's got six.
Eisenberg three.
Kaplan two.
And little Joe Costeller.
He's only got one.
Nobody don't like Joe.
Although nobody wants another Joe.
Am I right about that?
What kind of Joe?
Is Noah Thomas look lazy said and got five or three.
Nobody wants another Joe.
Joey Zaza.
No, he's not.
That's not one time.
That was enough.
Why do you say that?
Because that was enough.
That was a lot of.
I want to retract what I said yesterday in spite of the flaws that we talked about.
The movie was very in-inhanded tremendous moments.
Great.
Even even Sophia.
Even she was comically good.
In other words, she was so bad that she was camped.
Comically.
Don't spend it all in one place when she gave the the check for a hundred million dollars to the Catholic charities.
Don't spend it all in one place.
How about saving a little bit of it for a Noah's job sweetheart?
You are the Lord.
This is between your fights and you.
You are the Lord.
Why do you wear shoes?
Welcome to Who wants to be California's next governor?
I'm your host Regis.
And here are today's contestants.
Superstar of the Silver Screen Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Superstar child actor Gary Coleman.
And finally, Superstar of the porn industry.
Larry Flin.
Welcome to You all.
Now, let's play.
Who wants to be California's next governor?
Here's your first question.
Hands on those buzzes.
In good luck.
Question number one.
What is the capital of California?
Arnold's thought would be Corp and Heggen.
Oh, sorry.
Larry.
Not only is it the capital of California, but it's the porn capital of the world.
Los Angeles.
Oh, sorry.
No.
Gary.
I should know, fool.
Well, you buzzed in.
What you talking about Regis?
Well, let's move on to question two.
Dylan, spell California.
Gary.
What?
Well, you buzzed in again.
Huh?
I just went to my probation office yesterday and I'm clean.
I ain't buzzing on nothing.
Arnold.
T-E-R-M-I-N-A-T-O-R.
You just found Terminator.
Correct.
And it's now playing as a theater near you.
Larry.
C-A-L.
Good.
I-F-O-R-N-I.
You're almost home.
C-A-T-E.
Well, Larry.
You just found California.
I'm elected governor.
That's what we're changing the name to.
Well, all right, Hank.
Question number three.
Hands on the buzzer's end.
Good luck.
According to the most recently adopted California tax code,
what is the maximum amount of non-reported income that can be itemized on a Dendom Phone 17D
without incurring a fiddley?
Arnold.
Breed, I would like to use my phone a friend and call my wife Maria.
I'm sorry, Arnold.
You have no more phone a friend left.
Bama.
You see, she handles the checkbook.
Larry.
Taxes.
Who pays taxes?
If I'm elected, nobody's gonna have to pay a damn dime.
I see.
Gary.
Now, we just haven't worked as a security guard over the Fresno Mall since 84.
And this dude might be where he's got to be paying me under the table, you know?
I'm a big, but I promise if I'm elected governor, I'll make enough money to know what the hell you talking about.
Ha ha.
Korma's getting paid under the table.
Careful, you don't bump your head down there.
Huh?
Now, I know you just didn't make a joke about me being short.
What are you going to do about it, little man?
At least I don't sound like some Australian kangaroo.
I'm from Austria, you moronic midget.
You know, if I wasn't so damn busy,
I'd be proofreading the September issue of Husker Amazing.
I'd get out of this wheelchair and shut your bopher.
What you talking about, Larry?
I would like to take both of you and twist you into spoon.
Oh, y'all got something.
I will not see you in the middle of this room.
I will not see you in the middle of this room.
What do you know?
It looks like we're out of time.
He's here to join us again for another exciting episode of Who Wants To Be The Governor of California.
I'm racist.
We're out of it.
We're out of it.
We're out of it.
11-04-560 WQM, happy Friday to you.
We got the mad dog at two.
The Humber at the Crystal Palace in the Bahamas, another brutal assignment.
And if you think it's tough doing a show from the Bahamas,
4-6-30, he's got the Dave Wants that you want, tape from 5-6.
So the Humber has got a tough hour and a half assignment today.
Marlins of deck 6-30, then the Marlins and the Expos in San Juan, Puerto Rico 705.
Eddie K. follows the baseball game, the SBN radio overnight.
That's our schedule.
Here on QEM, you're highly touted, highly rated, and we don't know why.
Rick faxes me and says,
stay away from Plasma TVs.
There's a fire hazard.
The plasma heats up on the wall and creates this hazard.
Sorry, I ball once is Rick.
How do you like that?
Not exactly what you call a real testimonial.
No.
You believe that?
I'm sure.
I believe it if he says so.
He knows his crap.
He said he would be lying.
He said the experience.
Well, no, he wouldn't lie.
Thanks, Rick.
So I guess, although maybe if it heats up enough, it'll kill the rats in the walls.
I'm a little bit concerned about that because the people of crispy critters
came down there the other day and they found three more dead rats in the, uh, in the attic.
So that's a total of eight.
Eight.
Eight crispy critters in the trance.
Eight.
And they're coming today to like seal off all of the entry points and exit points and in and out and all of that stuff.
But in the meantime, that's not a very appetizing thing.
Of course, you're used to what you got all kinds of rats in the shed.
Yeah.
That would be a good guide.
Yeah.
That you know about.
No, if you'd hear it like you, like your experience there.
Like I said, like I said, if they're in the walls, you'd hear it.
You hear them rattle and around and you'd get really nervous and aggravated about that.
And you'd start, you know, hallucinating all sorts of possibilities.
And in the attic, it's not not like you're doing.
See that's that's just now.
What what the hell they was it last Sunday Sunday night Monday morning.
I wake up at 6.30 more.
It sounded like there was a herd of elephants in my attic.
Now they weren't doing that.
I thought we alert.
Yeah.
Twy-two.
Or was he in Michael Jackson's house singing Ben eating a little.
Two hundred and thirty nine votes on the first poll.
Finito, okay, we're going to put the second one up there.
Now should have some time to get a sink your teeth into.
It's up there.
No, I know that.
Well, I better vote.
I got one to add.
Okay, just calm down.
We have no ball of evening.
We got a full four hours.
And this is a toughy too because you only have one.
Let me say that again very clearly.
Real clearly you only have one choice.
If you could boot one person out of South Florida, who would it be?
Four votes there just went up on the thing.
We only got five choices because it'll give you a chance to add to it,
which I'm sure you'll be delighted to.
OJ's got a pair and Colters got one.
Mohar david had one.
Missed dredge don't have any and Jose Consecro don't have any yet.
But they will.
Now getting back to the first poll, 239 votes.
If you could get one person fired at WQM, who would it be?
Oh, I forgot.
I got to play fired by the Mohar david ban.
David singers.
Yeah, the Mohar david and singers.
You know what I'm talking about.
Absolutely.
Mohar david wins this poll, hands down his pants to pick out Dingelburys.
84, 35% said fire his smelly old ass.
And the rest of one would be, I think maybe he could get himself a new career as a pizza delivery man.
Because it showed a big bomb.
He showed it a big bomb.
Don't fire nobody 36.
George 25 edges out the beast to add 22.
Aren't you a little embarrassed about that?
No.
No, actually not really because your the beast is only on like doing updates and doing.
But that's not doing a lot of juvenile crime.
They recognize and think.
Right.
Greg Reed 16, Neil 10.
That's a nice even number.
Neil's a perfect 10.
And the asshole list, I guess.
Jim Manditz 9 or Landow L. Zagiri, the big guy out of 9.
Henry Goldberg's got eight for the Humper.
Yeldy 7.
For Rows got six.
Mark Eisenberg 4.
Maybe once they got started with him, they started getting a little carried away.
Ed Kaplan's got two and good old Joe Castello.
I guess is the most popular guy in a radio station.
Which is odd because he's on two to five in the morning.
Or maybe it's just that nobody knows who Joe is.
Who?
Joe Mama.
Joe Castello only one or most popular, although nobody wants here his show.
They're just if he was on like in the afternoon or like in the morning when Moza.
You'd be amazed at his number.
I don't think so.
He has that motor sports thing on Saturday mornings.
That's still on.
Let's check.
And look at that.
Look at that.
They moved Joe up to prime time.
Now he's eight to nine a.m.
He used to be on like in the wee hours like Mo when they were trying to shovel them off.
And now we got the golf show in Markwood and Tim Rows to Forte.
I have no idea who they are.
Seven to eight and motor sports Saturday with Joe Castello with eight.
Joe Rows at the Micah Suckies at nine.
How do you like that?
And Joe promises me because we got the big dolphin home opener coming up on Sunday.
Home of that his whole show tomorrow morning is going to be talking about.
Hour from Boca.
Which I can't wait for that.
I might actually come in here and take a listener to.
That thing with a phone ring and before that was that was sweet.
That was just a beautiful thing.
Okay, the early returns.
If you can move just one person, we got to get the list going.
17 votes.
OJ's got five.
That's why voted for.
It was a tough choice.
Because I'd like to get all five of these people out of that town.
We'll improve things dramatically.
And colder for.
More Howard David and for.
Miss Drudge has got a pair.
And Jose can suck those got one.
Did they ever change it into that street or not?
I don't think they did yet.
I don't know.
They talked about it.
Well, Scott would know.
Scott you knew there.
He was acquitted.
That probation charge violation.
No, that wasn't what I asked though.
I know that.
See, if you're going to tell me things like today is Friday,
it's not it's not really contributed to in a very large way.
But you know, I know that my apologies.
No, don't apologize.
Don't be a pussy.
Okay, you can do that on Mochelle.
But don't be a pussy on issues.
Stand up for your rights.
And you'll be gone next week.
But, uh, no, seriously, they were, they were still going to change it
because they just decided he's such a scumbag.
I mean, guilty arson.
They don't care.
They just are embarrassed to have a name in their midst.
A street with his name on it.
There would be like having, uh, Joe Gerstin way, you know.
In the case you noticed, we don't have an embarrassment factor down here.
Or, yeah, like on Miami Beach, Arthur Godfrey and Drive.
I mean, I still can't figure that out.
It's like Henry Kimler Avenue, you know.
That one block over.
What is wrong?
There must be their old Hacidimutter must be seen.
Oh, hey.
There must be a, the Hacino, one of the most virulent anti-Semites
who ever set foot anywhere in the state of Florida, Arthur Godfrey.
And on the beach where they got the, at least in those days had nothing but Jews,
old Jews, and they named a street after them.
They probably, they probably get gas at the Hess gas station.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
You have a rough dial of moral.
Why do you keep talking about moral, man?
Three times.
I have a suggestion for you, pal, okay?
Oh, and I was turning it up to the hear himself on here.
Don't listen no, Mo, okay?
Then you don't have to get worried about this show with you and Mo.
Yeah, Mo is big with you, a dark crowd.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10.
See, that was in the last hour.
Catch up with the times, okay, pal?
First of all, don't be talking like that.
And don't name your kids Ampourney.
It would be a good idea.
Here's Palm City.
Hello?
Palm City?
Long gone.
How about Western?
Hello?
Hello?
Western.
We're going to have another phone fart there or something?
Western?
Yes.
I am someone else that shares your wonderful plague of rats and the addict.
Yeah?
And I must say that all the companies that keep coming out there, the company I chose,
chose me about $500.
All right.
I mean, just did that place out.
And those rats just do not want to leave.
And I don't want to give any bad news that you have to keep doing it.
What happened was they came out over four months and just did me about eight times.
And eventually it was the air freshener that smelled like roses that they put in an afterwards that scared the wild addict.
Maybe Warren from Arty was hanging around and they could smell that talcum.
It was that talcum that he's coming out to give these flyers that he's cartooned a little less.
And he put these big bright eyes on you to scare the hell out of you.
And eventually once they seal it up, you're going to have to go back up there about a month later and just pick out the dead body.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Well, how the hell is that possible if they seal it up? Where the hell are they going to come in from?
They're not really all leaving.
They might think that they're leaving or they trapped them all, but they're so many.
I had it two thirty in the morning.
I would hear packer rats running into the house and running across my bedroom's ceiling.
Okay.
Packer rats.
Three months.
Yeah, we're going to have a week ago Saturday when I was down there.
We'll come up in the middle of the morning, three in the morning.
I heard a voice going, oh, it's nurse.
In my attic.
Did you hear the digging yet?
The little scratching?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That was last year I heard that.
Yeah.
That's right.
What you have to cut the trees.
All the trees around the house is when it climb up and then it goes into the roof and they use their closet.
They just get right into the attic.
And people look at you and they're the most filthy as person when you mention you have rats in your attic.
Oh, yeah.
You say, oh my god, you must be some kind of a slob.
You got rats in your house.
Yeah, they look at you like three eyes or something.
And then they...
Well, you didn't use the crispy critters.
I mean, the brown, what do they call themselves?
Critter control?
No.
I'd work and wanted to come out.
And they wanted to have like a whole six month thing where they're going to come out every other day and charge you like 50 bucks per time to
they trap and trap them and come back out and show you what they call it.
Right.
That's what he's told you.
That's what that's what Critter control does.
They come and they put peanut butter on the traps and then every couple of days they come out and then they tell you,
oh, we got three today, five yesterday and they charge you for each one.
They catch.
Well, my place does it, which is just as much to make them thirsty and look like a winter wonderland up in my attic.
It causes everything up there.
At least it must have been really scenic, your Christmas time.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, pal, well, good.
You got rid of them finally?
Finally got rid of them.
Once you seal them up, you're going to have to...
I mean, I went up there to check up there and that's when I found the king of them all.
All right.
I called them Stuart Grittle.
Have a great lunch bell.
I can't see.
Love them 14 at five, 60 sounds really promising, doesn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's not a soft Florida thing.
This rats all over the place.
So we used to have rats.
When I was in the back bay in Boston in the early 60s, I told you this.
We used to have rats as big as cats in the alleys at night.
Sure.
And they would hang out in the garbage buckets, you know,
and we'd be walking home from wherever and kicked the garbage pills just to...
And they would howl like a wolf.
Not like a cat, but like a wolf.
Yeah.
A-oo.
Just like that.
14 past 11 at five, 60 WQAM announcing a 2003 Neil Rogers end of summer clearance sale going on this moment.
And Halibut, the acting MC.
Hit the lowest prices in town from our good buddies Tom Levin and Joe Prierton, all the other good folks over there at Halib.
For this special promotion, every vehicle on the lot has been marked out of the absolute lowest rock bottom price.
Plus get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
By a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire, you can get it for only $11,998 hell at right now.
Or get a full-size year for as low as $15,998.
But you better hurry your ass in here right now because inventories are mighty limited.
At Halibut, you can still test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours.
Take it home, take it to the racetrack, take it to work, take it to the massage parlor, where it had you like.
And of course Halibut's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
Credit a problem for you, it's not a problem at Halibut because some way somehow they'll work out a deal for you, even if George has to pay your payments.
Halibut, the acting MC, 134-1 South Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on these Neil deals, they got a special hotline you can call and ask away.
1-885-3440-11.
That's 1-885-3440-2100.
Don't forget all Neil deals.
Subjected credit, approval.
See the folks at Halibut for details.
Halibut, the acting MC, when you go there the first time you'll agree with me, they really are professional grey.
Ride in local, we're sports radio 560, she went UAM.
In Maconaw, this is Joe Bohr on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
As whole, as whole.
That way, high single such an asshole.
He'll then finish that green turn.
Because he wouldn't take a shower with Agoberg, as whole.
As whole.
Hey stupid, he's been hiking a such an asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abram, what's that he's pounding on.
As whole.
As whole.
Oh.
He only think there is left to save.
It's brought to stride away.
Excellent choice by one of our factions this morning.
How could I have forgotten Wayne, high pingo.
We got him on here right away.
Wayne has niggas, get him on here.
Showed up.
Here's another one that says, please put gay feedler.
Must've been a typo, don't you think?
No, no.
Gay.
Jay, Jay, Jay feedler on a plingo mole will be upset, but Jay has got to go.
Says, Diane from Fort Lauderdale Beach, and she's just, Diane over there.
Thanks, Diane.
And we'll get back to you.
Diane.
So let's get him on here, Jay Feedler.
See we'll build this.
Let's even know the phone or look through promising.
See this shows you that there's nobody around.
Remember yesterday, the gymnastics I had a good, once we got going,
we finally got a lot of suggestions.
But that's generally because there's nobody there.
There's a nice ring routine you did, though.
What do you mean by that?
Gymnastics.
Yeah, but when I was like, on a rings there, you'd notice there was no package to check out.
I forgot my killboss.
I forgot your knob.
I forgot my killboss in Cologne.
It was stuck in my Cologne.
Let's see.
Oh, here's a good one.
Big Arnie.
This is a good choice.
I don't know how we're going to spell this.
Well, I think they'll know who it is.
I get to spell what?
Maris Grisie asked.
I know how to spell it.
I spelled it in fact.
Did you really?
Sure.
Oh, I spelled it out.
I spelled it out in the town.
I wrote it down like Roger Maris.
Maris Grisie asked.
My name's Christian Peace.
Poor Roger Maris, man.
Here, there was a guy.
Was he a ball player or what?
And looked, oh, a good looking guy, too.
But he was in the shadow on Mickey Mantle.
And the fans gave him a bunch of crap.
And he played in New York, of course, with our obnoxious.
Roger Maris, for present, even though he's dead.
Be a bigger improvement over what we got now.
Anyway, Arnie says it would be Maris Grisie.
I can't even spell her name.
That's okay, Arnie.
I can't either.
It's the one in the alien thing.
The one that had the illegal duty parlor in her house that nobody talked about.
And the one that married the ten-year-old guy.
Thanks very much, Arnie.
An excellent choice.
See, we'll get this thing built.
It'll be good.
It's all good.
Now, let me give those promos again.
It'll kill some good time.
Because we got all the way to the two o'clock.
Oh, you can't do that yet.
Why about why not?
Because I'm getting ready to fax the update on what?
Van hits.
On what?
Van hits.
On the van hits.
Van hits.
But you'll just have to be a new updated chunk.
They hope you just relax.
Seriously, you need to calm down.
I know you're under a little stress.
You went through that thing with that unwanted baby and everything.
But you know, you went through the, you survived the mode trying to get you fired business.
But you got to slow it.
I'll just slow it.
People are always saying that I'm hyper.
And I get to excitedness, terrible about things.
I think you are.
I'm, what?
You're hyper about me being hyper.
I'm not being hyper.
I'm not the least bit hyper.
Do I sound hyper?
I've got to go into a coma just from the sound of your terminal voice.
No, seriously, you need to calm down.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Scott, does he sound calm to you?
Yes.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh.
Oh, see, you got naked pictures of this guy too, huh?
Who does it?
It worked on Beenerboy.
No, no, no.
I guess he was helping Beener with some supplies.
Five.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Town five, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Oh, God.
Sometimes this job blows.
Anyway, for well, we don't have to change his promo, do we?
No.
No, good.
For well, we'll be at Ole, Ole on Los Olis River Front Sixth of Wates.
And I give it away dolphin tickets and having a, you know, getting a class student just having a gig great old time.
I'm sure 34C will be there.
Maybe Scott Jr. is going to be there.
Now, do you hang out with him like when he goes on these things?
No, I'm going home to the New York area.
You mean Jersey?
Yes.
Why are you so evasive?
I mean, I'd be embarrassed to be from Jersey too.
I mean, I'm from Rochester and that's nothing to crawl about.
But Jersey, I'd be embarrassed.
But you don't have to be, you know, you're among friends.
And George, if you say so.
Oh, man, this guy, I guess don't like this job, does he?
Okay, let me see.
They can't take away.
What is it?
It's still there.
Jose can't take away.
Thanks for the information, Scott.
Now, shut up.
Thank you.
Let's see, best of the L3 to 5 this afternoon, you can get the CD and the Maha-R-Diva to keychain and whatever else we got left over for abandon per rescue.
Miguel will be at the Coconut Creek Seminole Casino 5550 Northwest 40th Street, just off Sanford Road, west of the turnpike AND.
AND!
Because Miguel is a hard work in man and spite of the fact that he feels drained from his daily durin experience.
Do you think his new bride knows about that?
Join QA M tonight at the Hooters and Bayside 7-9 PM, stop into when Price and Joy are bucket of 5 for 850.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
See, are you reading this?
Nope.
No, obviously you didn't, and you just fasted it to me.
I want to read it the way it's written.
Join QA M tonight at the Hooters and Bayside 7-9 PM, stop by to win Price and Joy are bucket of 5 for 850.
There you go.
What?
What does that mean?
Bucket of 5.
For 850.
What does that mean?
Bucket of 5.
So did he give you an update on the van, what we got or not?
Nope.
Oh man.
Just another useless spick.
Here's the facts from Bill and Fort Lauderdale who still hates George's like, but I don't see him put that in here this time.
Oh brother, Johnny Depp is a backpedaling pussy right?
Oh God.
You know what Bill is an asshole, you know what?
He said, Johnny Depp is God and he's got the balls and he's a good guy.
Got the balls to tell it like it is about Bush and about what's wrong with America?
Those are the people who are the true patriots, the people who want to point out the problems and say, hey we got to fix these things.
As opposed to the blind idiotic flag waving idiots, the lemmings, the sheep, the morons.
But anyway Bill says, plasma screens are only for those who have more money than they have since.
They have a very short shelf life, some as little as three or four years after which they burn out, regrowing the set completely useless.
If you don't mind, I'll challenge 10 to 30 grand every few years to have that quality of picture, then go right ahead.
Be my guest.
As far as I'm concerned, the high end HD sets are quite suitable for just about any broadcaster will last many years.
Thanks Bill and Fort Lauderdale, like I always said, in good common sense.
Well, so he's a little off on Johnny Depp.
Plus even if Johnny wasn't talking politics, he still looks pretty good to me.
26th past 11 at 560 WKYM VIP Sportsbook.com is soft-load as best sportsbook.
Anyone with a brain knows that.
Now you can listen to some of the little quizzlings we have on the year.
They're all, hey this is the best sportsbook, but I really agree.
If you want to get yourself involved with a real outfit that knows what they're doing, that you can trust, this is the place you want to hook up with.
99% of those other bookies here about on a station are located in the jungles of Costa Rica.
If you ever see them again, it might be a miracle.
So this year, move yourself up in class to VIPsportsbook.com and prepare to plunge in peace.
The oldest and the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands, so that speaks for itself, 100% legal and licensed.
So listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com right now at 1-866 VIP bets because this soft-load is best sportsbook.
Sign up right now and you can bet all the soft-loader football and basketball teams, juice free on year long.
You want a bet on the dolphins, it's 100 to 100.
You want a bet to hurricanes, it's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus.
And by the way, to people at VIPsportsbook.com, email me yesterday and say, by the way, why don't you remind me that Gary Sarner is a major asshole.
VIPsportsbook.com, that's where you'll find them online or call them toll free, 1-866 VIP bets.
That phone number again, it's 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure to mention you heard about it here on QAM.
VIPsportsbook.com, or you be the VIP.
VIPsports book, Grammy play blues,
derrire bureaucracy.
VIPsportsbook.com,
Yeah, hey, the young and the less
Why the hell don't you go home?
And stop all of that or why not?
Rumble the crazy you'll be yours
Go back if you will in your pop up
Where you keep playing the mud
We'll pack your beans and then fill out us
Just go away, we're all fed up
Hey, the young and the less
Why don't you go home?
Telling them that now this
Go home and leave us all alone
If you're lazy, I don't want to go back
I like shopping for free toys better
You've got your Pokemon t-shirt
And you're making us hear
You've had your fun, now start packing
So they can get you out of here
It's at the point where we can stand it
Everybody's had enough
Of all the hooligans and crackers
Who put the stuff in Florida
Hey, hey, hey, the young and the less
Why don't you go home?
Yeah, the young and the less
Go home and leave us all alone
Get your lazy look, they're giving away free SNH green cards
Can I have one?
Only to take the take the fact that you bought this the plane
Shut up kid
Love it 32 or 560, that was a really amazing
That was such a good micro espasm you know
A what's our photos all about in the way did counties held hostage by a bunch of old hooligans. It's really a astonishing
Just making crap up as they went along
Brainwashing
Remember that videotape that they had to make?
Oh, yeah, it wasn't staged them
No, no, thank God for that, Miris Grecias
She wasn't propping anything once you know the way
They'll keep it, Miris Grecias
119 votes on our second poll. This is the main poll of the day the big poll if you could boot one person out of South Florida
Who would it be? OJ Simpson 48 they hate you, OJ and the deservedly so who did you vote for?
Uh, Mohawar David did
Oh, just because he tried to get you fired in he's a major asshole and everybody hits him like poison. Yes good reasons
OJ 48 well, but at least he didn't kill anybody yet
Mo OJ 48 and colder 26 she kills me
Mohawar David in 20 Jose can suck O12
Mr. OJ has four
Alice Pinellas three. I don't even know we put him on there yet
Did we put him on there was that just a yeah?
Oh, I wrote that on I forgot I was trying to say it that I forgot
So that's good. That was an oversight. There was a slip of the dung. Miris Grecias too. Wayne Hyping has got one and G. Feetless got one
How do we want to kick J.I. I mean just it wouldn't it be enough just to kick him off the team wouldn't that do it?
Don't get Mo too upset they really he really has the hots for J. Feetless
You know, but when you get to being your 90s your I start starts your I start starts fading a little bit
56705 60 Pinellas add a whole bunch of names for this list here. This is the weekend poll here. Let's go. Let's get with it
Here's a lady in four-lotterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. I have an access
Two suggestions but I can't really only want one name one please. Oh
Then I guess Reverend Kennedy
Okay, my choice Reverend James Kennedy I need to change my vote. Yeah me too. I think overall he does more damage than the other person I was thinking of
Okay, well thanks a lot. So we don't have a great weekend. Bye-bye. The anxious Reverend James Kennedy of the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church one of the virulent bigot by
Hate Mongers in South Florida piece of crap
A
Professional anti-Semite a professional homophobic professional asshole the Reverend James D. Kennedy
With his Coral Ridge ministry seen for all around the world via satellite as he continues spewing a bunch of cocka and making a lot of tax free bucks
By the way your organism is a fag Reverend Kennedy everybody knows it. You're your
Organized the guy to place the organ. Hey, that ain't the only organ he's swinging with you idiot
54 votes for OJ and colder 27 Mojauer David of 22 Josekins suckle. I just gave these why you doing that again George
Here's sorry. It is a call. Scott Miami. Hello
Neil Rogers hockey God. Yes, could we please put Jeff Rimmer on this list?
But if you booted him out of South Florida, he might be here a lot more well, but it would help the local economy and
My mute button could get arrested. Okay, Jeff Rimmer. He's on there. Thank you, sir. Thanks, pal
You might away Jonas Hollins a stiff all you other panther people many panther people you think we got this season
But third man at the most
What they're doing and Rick Dudley saying a couple of months ago? Oh, we got money to spend and we got to pick up some great free agents
And we're gonna really get some good veterans on this thing right
Todd Gill and Jonas Hollins
Todd used to be good about a hundred years ago
Even George knows that
You know what Todd Gill had in common with Troy Stratford. No, they both wore 23 23 what?
guitars
Oh, man, get you know I'm gagging on I give up. I'm gagging on a blackberry seed
Now blackberries have seeds that are really really tiny. Thank goodness, right?
Really teeny tiny ones are good. I could go for so I like blackberries
I just I just picked one of the fridge during last break just a little blackberry and popped it in my pus
And I'm gagging on the seeds
Maybe that's because the guy just mentioned Rimmer
It's one of the other don't call me Rimmer. Oh, can't busy whatever whatever you're doing whatever time you want to go to dinner
I'm busy. I can't do it. No eating
I'm fasting for a few days whatever day you're leaving. That's when I have my next meal
Here's Halondale. Hello
Yes, sir
I know Lard asked was on air
No, okay, well Britney Spears is performing right?
Performing oral sex on out Michaels. Yeah, he wishes. Yeah, well
I'm gonna say to singing and she has like a choreographs dance this dancing all around her
um, and then
At one point
The dancers came up she's waiting to like pair away pants and they like ripped a pants off of her
Yeah, right? And then she's waiting till you
But the thing was is that when they ripped a pants off. Yeah, almost ripped a shirt off and almost like her camel soul
Yeah, that's the moment
Oh my god
Sure people man. I'm sorry I missed that your crowd. You missed what whatever it was he was yelling about it
Oh, it missed the performance. You mean you weren't watching the pre-game show George must have tuned in like just in time for kickoff
To watch the Jets lose a girls team
Well, who now who they play last night by the way Scott is tested birdie playing is that it because the other kids injured
That's a very sprained they played Washington
I know they played Washington they lost 16 to 13 what listen here we go with that crap again. Was that McGill I just heard no
21 till noon at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog we got a big weekend
We got the gators gonna get wamp by the hurricanes. I mean that's a given just I wonder what the spread is on that game
Anybody got any idea it's in that place. They ought to have an idea I don't know
I mean that it's so contest the gators sucked the hurricanes
They've got like a professional team even though they warm up against girls teams it went by at least the three touchdowns at least
Minimum and then we got the big good dolphin game against the girls team the Houston Texans on who's the quarterback for Houston
It looks pretty good. What does that kid's name?
Dan huh?
Stewart
Dan Stewart how's Dan doing by the way? Oh, we're fine
Go off those checkered pants. What's that crap they played on the whole
Goddard the kids that they don't know what's good like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head
You remember that?
How can you listen I'm happy I live in the split level head I'm happy I live in a split level head
You don't remember that now why am I surrounded by morons?
Don't you go me howie
Nothing's important Asian from you pal
Okay, that's it you're all fired
You're bad stupid the movement
You're fired
I'll take that goes for you
You who I am I'm the king of paradise
I came down here after losing my charm
To be a big fish
In a little part
When they kicked me off the aspiri and they told me don't come back again
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I move to paradise
Fire
That's back there late all the way nine
I got my money you're all fired and I hope that kids got my dice
I hope he dies and I hope you all die
I'm a big fish and a little plant to see you a big fish and a little plant
I'm a big fish and a little plant to be fish and a little plant to be fish and a little plant
Yeah
16 to the moon at five 60 WDQM course we get the rich senses
You knew that was just a matter of time some of the facts that in how could we forget I didn't forget
I'm just want to give everybody else a handicraft because he's probably gonna pass them all like they're sitting still and of course Miriam all a fan
How could we forget Miriam we're trying to out of sight out of Murray
Boy you talk about forcing yourself into a situation everybody wants her out and she continues forcing herself not you're not gonna get rid of me
Not one on this dark reminds me of somebody else
Yeah
Howard from Boka
Absolutely
David Faxes David must be already gotten to eat early start in a weekend must be doing a heavy drugs because he says thanks for your continual pulls
Even though it's meaningless. It's nice to be able to push a button and in theory kick Alex penis out of Miami
He says you missed the opportunity to put Mo on this one too
David looks to me like Mo is in third place at the moment 26 votes
I could be just hallucinating and imagining that
Now Quincy and Miami who lives in sunrise he's in Miami is being held captive there
I'm sure because who that we wouldn't be there wrong terribly if he lives in sunrise
Quincy says just this one time Mo will not win a poll well guess what Quincy you are absolutely correct
I really think I have you winner right here Miriam or Mary Ann elephant for whatever name is
P.S. Most they'll blows no more elephant please go to California and see Arnold says that's an ideal let's chip in
I'll pay for the whole airfare in coach
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line if you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be?
And so far old J is winning hands down your pantaloonies man 70 votes nobody's even close
Here's a call in Miami hello
Yeah push
Uh huh
No what I'm just groaning
Why why do you take the will you stop what's what I'm trying to tell you why do you do that?
Why do I grow as soon as I punched up line nine I knew it was him
So what are you getting so bad out of shape?
I'm not out of shape I'm just groaning and I've decided I'm not asking Scott no more questions either
Okay, well no he doesn't want to talk which is fine. That's that's a breath of fresh air. That's pleasant. He doesn't want to be on the air
We have some people around here like the beast who want to talk too much who add nothing who are like an impediment to the success of the program that they're interfering with at the moment
And we got other people who want to be like major celebrities like the one you picked up off the floor that day
Who wanted to be uh make the website into like all a beater boy all day long you know right
Here's a bean of orbit for Val here he is on a cruise ship here he is two in his guts out here he is at the baseball game here he is with some slot you know
But we got a guy now who has who wants to say nothing I was gonna say who has nothing to say which is a possibility but he wants to say nothing
And he seems like you know a guy yeah he wants a job he just wants a paycheck which we can all relate to that
Anything we have if we have something with sports related that I'll have will have to defer to him since you know nothing
Anyway but if we have anything else we'll just leave him like him sit there in the and stew five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
You think we'd have a lot more names than this just like yesterday you'd have thought and then they finally got into it after about 20 or 30 mentions they finally understand what it's all about
They're just a little flow here's Hollywood hello Hollywood is gone nice talking to you Hollywood
That's your town here's Key West hello hello yes sir Neil yes Gloria and Emilio Stephens oh I like it let's pick Gloria because he's
You have a full wisdom every week they will win hands out okay
Bye I'll still keep you know he does five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line Monday Georgia is going to be
I'm playing the Luis Miguel Records all day that's just a joke if I say that they'll take it serious I can't believe we're not getting any more calls about the rats
Can you imagine how many people in this audience have had rat problems I'd like to know if anybody else has ever used crispy credit control
I mean a credit control because I'm using them and spend a lot of money and really to me like what I use somebody else and don't spend a lot of money
Well that's what I was going to do but somebody in my house I don't want to go pick on anybody with somebody who misunderstood my message
And they called crispy credit control as opposed to calling our good friends at ATM alternative term management then the Steve and those people are so good
Right but I'm going to invite these people another short period of time and if this problem doesn't come to a quick halt
Then it'll be the old ATM well you but you're telling me that you got rats in your shed had oh they got rid of them sure and it was ATM that done it yeah well I'll be damn
Because this crispy critter crout see that it I don't know but when somebody called me about them the first time
It was like never back in April was the first time I heard her rat and awing and scratching and we had these people come out and they found nothing right
But if they sound like they're like like brown animal you know what I mean like an official county agency and they're not they're just another vines
When they first started coming over to the house for other things they asked us what our pest problems were and we mentioned it almost in passing
Well the rats sure like our shed we just can't keep them out of there we put traps we put poison in there and they took care of it
They said it's an ongoing maintenance thing. Maybe these people came and asked me who my pest where I mentioned Rimmer and I still can't get rid of them
Christ I think there's a special I mean what is that all about I'm an Amsterdam I'm thousands of miles away here come the rivers I'm in Toronto how many times he been up here since the last three years I've been doing the shows here
No here it's Rimmer it's Rimmer go away okay don't take it personal unless you want to but just go away I'm gonna tell Ken Halpern about you
God here's Miami Beach hello yeah hi yes sir
I think you're putting yes shortses yeah Arnold Schwarzenegger yeah no no no Schwarzenegger yeah
Get out of here you idiot if you could boot one person out of South Florida who it be he says the Schwarzenegger
Which he can't even know what they're saying it's either Juizard Dark folks he's talking about or maybe dark folks named Schwarzenegger
That Scott Laura really offended about it yeah even Scott Jr. They're into happy about it
He's even what the guys talking about that he isn't even here what is that man he had to go to New York I'm sorry Jersey the New York area he's already gone so that's why Miguel is there that's it he's out of here
I thought Miguel was just feeling a while Scott was taking a big dump or something I don't know what else going on and here I'm talking about Miguel getting a bone bone in Doreen every day and he's sitting right there
Well that's good that's good maybe we'll get him off the hook for old time sick for Lauderdale hello yeah how's it going Neil pretty good pali
Yeah it's spread on the game there that you're looking for is 14 14 oh piece of cake yeah I want to vote for that they go faggot mad dog
5 6 7 I'm not even going to dignified I would have responds okay I remember that show that he said that
560 on a 18 T and Verizon wireless line I'm playing music today you know I'm probably a cruise I really am this is it's just
Played over to me I don't know like this whole week see I expect too much too much come back after a wonderfully pleasant summer not getting sick one day
And not having the Amsterdam crowd any of that stuff working only Tuesday and Thursday come back to the full time deal down there for week I'm
going to be with rats and I come up here and it the weather is beautiful and I'm happy as a pig in slop and you know you open up the the Hershey highway via the air waves to south
Florida it's like you know they're they're just heaping they're unhappiness at everybody don't heap it at us and it don't be our fault not my
Responsibility your this your impact not only that but looking at this way if it wasn't for this show can you imagine these people probably
Blown their brains out already like the one guy said the guy that's going back to Texas with a banjo on his ass he said he's right this was the only
Connection of reality and amusement he ever had Molly was in South Florida here's a call from Bokeh hello any way doing pretty good I had
That all rat problem myself yeah I cut every tree around the house away from the house I don't care the problem I haven't seen a rat since
So another one but they but they don't stay what do they do like in the base of the trees they nest or something they nest all over the trees they come through and then they climb up onto your roof and things like that through the trees.
Oh I'm you can tell me if I cut trees away from the house they wouldn't come near the house anymore and I haven't seen one since.
Excellent. I'm on it. Thanks pal. I got I got one for your poll thing. Go ahead. How about Rick Shaw.
I got a hundred eighty years old. He's got the same hat on he's had on for thirty years. It's enough of him.
Okay thanks pal. Sorry for rich. I'm sure he's listening right now and I love your right but go away. That's what the guy's basically saying you've been here too long.
Oh here's an answer for my rat problem on two. It's in Miramar. Hello.
Hey Mr. Rogers. I got the solution. It'll take care of rats and any cockroaches that you may have right.
The next time the next time that you get ready to go back to Toronto when you're down here.
Go out and get ten gallons of ammonia. I heard household ammonia.
Set them up in each room of your house. Open them up and leave and then go up to your Toronto.
When you come back you will not have a roach or rat problem or a jet problem at all.
Just from the smell of the ammonia. Just from the smell of the ammonia. The ammonia will seep up through there.
They don't like the ammonia smell. And then what happens when you take the things of the ammonia away?
They'll be gone because they'll have the memory of the fact that the smell that was in there.
So in other words they kind of memorize the addresses of the people like the ammonia.
I wouldn't say they memorize it but it's kind of like a Pavlov type thing.
Right. It's like an agent Turin. Right.
Yeah. But it'll work 100% guaranteed.
Okay. Thanks pal. You're welcome.
I think John B. Too happy about that but yeah it's too bad.
56670565560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm depressed that you told me AT&T did such a wonderful job because I knew they would.
Right. But he misunderstood my note that I left one day when I came to work and he called Crispy Critters again.
Alas. And maybe they'll be fine. I mean they have caught eight rats so far.
They put the traps up there with a peanut butter. And if you ever get hungry you know.
Well we've got like a little snack waiting. Get some crackers. Right.
But it just seems to me. I mean there must be, I mean there could be dozens of them if they're like living in the trees.
I didn't realize their rats lived in trees. I thought they have nowhere anywhere they want to live.
Really? And they go anywhere they want to go.
That's why they explain that it's an ongoing thing. All the pests in Florida.
Pests can fall as an ongoing maintenance thing that you have to stay on top of.
There's no just treat and then forget about it your house is going to be clean for out.
No treat need? No.
Well I've got that.
But how come I've been in that house all of these years and up until April of this year I never heard of one rat scratch and I never had nothing in the attic.
I've been lucky that just took them all to find you. I'll be damned.
Bastards.
5607.0560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. If you could boot one person out of South Florida. Who would it be?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Jet bush.
Jet bush.
Jet bush living South Florida.
Just put them on the asshole.
That's the guy again.
That's him.
Just put them on their asshole. I didn't know they got that talking to himself problem.
5607.0560.560 on a AT&T.
I'm going to tell you we got some real real people in that town going.
And this is the place to find them. If you're looking to meet and greet some real people this is the show you'll find them on.
Here's the pool so far.
We're in OJ 79 and we're not putting Jeb Bush on air by the way.
Luckily he lives in Tallahassee in a tree.
And Colors got 42.89 for OJ 42 for Angcoder Mohawar David 35. Alice Pinellas 16. Jose Consoco 15.
Miriam Elephan 8.
Wayne Hypinga 7. Ms. Drudge has got 5.
Miris Grisi S3. J. Feedler 3. Go away J. Go back to Dartmouth. Rick Sanchez 3.
Reverend James Kennedy 2. None for Rimmer or Gloria Estefan as yet.
My big local office is 560. The radio's on your side.
QAM.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Oh! Some of them are grey.
And some are grey.
And some are grey.
Well, them can't fall.
And one is 6'8".
And one of them is girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
And one of them is a girl.
I said my rat problem, no two, my cost a few bucks, but who cares?
Get them trees cut down.
Not just trim, but give it them.
All right.
Remember I had all the Malaluka trees and I was always, oh,
brother, that was for years.
For years.
And I had all the allergies and the skin and the headaches
and just, and it's from the goddamn Malalukas.
Maybe that's why there's so many people down there
act like assholes before the Malalukas.
That could be, it's a good excuse.
Right?
Sure, let's play the tree leaf.
I think that's really had something to do with it.
Rest in pieces, rest in branches.
That this right, we got the rat thing.
We need a solution for that.
We got the plasma TV, which we won't get a lot of calls on it
because you know, you have to be loaded to have a plasma TV.
Right.
How many people in South Florida probably ever had one?
About 30, man.
So what are we going to get on that?
And we're asking if you could boot one person out of South Florida.
Who would it be?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil Godd?
Yes, sir.
Before anything, give me a vote for the rim job,
one vote for the rim job.
Yeah.
And your rat control problems is what you need.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Here's a call from Kendall, hello.
Hello.
The white daughter Dale.
Is this white daughter Dale?
Yes.
Leave that alone, Dwight.
People are starting to talk.
I'm not putting Dwight and daughter Dale on there.
That's ridiculous.
And then, right, just on the face of it, it's ludicrous.
Just because he likes eating a little ass.
I mean, no co-gain.
I'll bend out a shape.
It's good enough for George.
It's good enough for Dwight.
People, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT.
We're just moments away from a-
I am silly, I'm losing, I am dead now.
Nidalee.
And hey, don't kid yourself.
I still got that dead dog out of my mouth.
I got all kinds of good stuff, baby.
Oh, yeah.
I got a lot of negative AT&T and a tombow.
That's the best way.
That's the favorite, right?
That is a major, major hit.
I got a lot of try and doora.
La Videsun Canneval.
La Jaibera.
Oh, muecas del chacha-cha.
Oh, hi.
Sillas hoy como va.
Your barrito moderno.
Cuando sali de Cuba, ven, venabe.
I got a queries which, Merlin McCoo,
I'll probably blow up our transmitter if I play it.
I got guantantam tomato.
Weso e penejo.
En la punta.
And I, me, Cuba.
Oh, that is what's coming.
A few people don't get with it.
I'm just, I'm tired of playing like school marm to this town.
It just makes me nauseous, you know.
What you look kind of like a school marm.
Yes, I do as a matter of fact.
To the marmi.
Antenio.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, five, six, deep pie.
I don't really give a crap.
Okay.
I mean, there's no hope for what I look like.
And I'm still doing just fine.
Thank you.
I'm doing pretty damn well.
I think you might be shocked.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, deep pie.
Five, six, deep, believe me on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That's why I don't have time for a rumor.
Okay.
I have too many social engagements.
I don't have time for the remain.
And if the whole sorry act is, then it keeps loving her.
It's a rumor.
It's a rumor like it announced me.
And I'll, here I am again.
Go away.
It's packed away, man.
Just go away.
I don't need to see you this time.
I just saw you at the doctor.
A couple of weeks ago.
Who now needs to see again?
You look the same.
God.
Just latching on the whole thing with this cling on business.
I can't deal with that.
You know, being a cling on all your life.
Have a good time.
I mean, his kid is here.
His kid's engaged.
He's going to get married.
He's got a good job with a fan.
Kid's doing great.
You know, which is good probably into happy dinner here either.
Hey, did you already get this story?
I know.
Who's coming?
That's my rack from Harold.com.
You just factored?
No, somebody just factored to us.
I'll fax it to you.
I already had this one on our website.
He just sent me about the FCC's attempt to implement
rule changes permitting big media companies to dramatically
extend their control at your main case in the US.
Hit a major roadblock yesterday when the third US circuit
code of appeals halted implementation of the new rules.
Hold that one.
Are you pardon?
I said great.
Well, what's the other one?
I just pitched it.
Who's counting the Devon I rack?
Remember the enemy counts?
You've probably already seen it.
What are you talking about?
The story that someone just factored.
Yeah, and I'm sure you already have it.
Bring back Scott Jr.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
88 votes for OJ.
They despise you.
They want you out now before your next bunch of crap.
Okay?
Before your next time the girl with the blonde goes nuts.
Bell's her name.
What's her name?
The blonde has always been with the drug stories and all the other crap.
The one he's got down in the South and Kendall.
How could I forget?
249 votes and OJ's got the hell of a lot.
88.
And Colter.
They're not too happy with that slot.
Either 43.
Moe Howard David is tied with and Colter ever see the two of them together.
No.
Same person.
He's got better peace.
What?
Criskey.
Criskey.
Got it.
43 a piece for Anne and Moe.
Alice Pinka, Fakenya, 17.
Josec and Succo, 15.
Miriam and the Elephant, 12.
Wayne's Hypingo, 7.
Miss Matt Fudge got 5 with Rick Sanchez, who just went on the list as already passed several others.
J. Feetler, 4.
Reverend James Kennedy, 4.
Miris Greasy, S3.
Gloria Stephon, 1.
Nonferrimmer.
Okay?
See that I don't know why I put him on there.
It's like piling on.
You know?
Just piling on.
All these wise guys out there, especially these sparsha's calling today.
Oh, give me the rib man.
Give me the rib man and the guy starts going with his Arnold crap.
You know, amateur comedians.
Ted Mack is coming back to life.
He's going to be conducting amateur hour at the Broward Mall this weekend.
Go over and have a good time.
Get out of our face.
All these wannabe cells sit down comedians.
Here's a call from Kendall, home of O.J. Hello.
Oh, Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
About rats and erratic.
Yes.
We had a family of cunes.
Oh god.
And he left droppings and it was terrible and dirty.
And they're tied all this stuff.
And it turned out one time they said,
leave a radio on up there.
Oh, this y'all do it till the right away.
I'm not kidding.
And we tried it.
It didn't really help this way.
But you got to watch out once they had a possum.
And it fell down into the wall.
And it died down in there.
Oh, no.
The brothers room, they had a chair, the wall open.
It was on.
That pesky critters guy came out.
He vomited, smelling that stuff.
He really?
Yeah.
He's just bad.
You got a kid taking care of it.
Because if they die up in there,
oh, the smell is awful.
I know that.
They told us that, which is why in a holiday weekend,
they just put the traps up there with the peanut butter
and they didn't set the traps because they said,
if we get anything and we're not back for four days,
the smell is going to be so bad,
it'll make the house like a stench house.
Yeah, but if they fall down into some crack
where they can't get the body and it rocks in your wall,
you have to tear apart the sheet rock and it's an awful experience.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
But you used a crispy critter control?
We used, I think, crispy critters down here in Dade.
It was, uh, this many years ago, I don't know.
Yeah.
I mean, it was pesky critters as the name of it
and then they have another one of the animal removal guide.
There's actually a whole bunch of professional people
and you can believe it here in South Florida who do this work.
Oh, I know that.
We're using them and they're charging me an arm and four legs.
But we'll see.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Good luck to you.
He had some coins in his attic.
Yeah.
Well, he put the radio on up there and, of course,
they didn't tell me he shouldn't have put on 99 jams.
That's not a good idea.
He brings more men.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
Should have put rush on here.
They would drive anybody out.
I like rush.
That was the first concert I went to.
Canadian boys, eh?
They were at the Stone's thing here a few weeks ago.
Yeah, of course.
When everyone home was there with the stones, ACDC?
Oh.
Let me say again, that was one of the proud moments in Toronto
in the history of the human race.
Half a million people, no events of any significance
other than throwing some water bottles at Justin Tinkerbell.
And everybody's going.
Oh, right.
Even Brittany was like low five in it.
Deep throat and Madonna.
Yeah, she's going to stick her tongue down some bitches
throat, not Madonna, you know?
Oh, please.
Please, sweetheart.
Don't contaminate that thing.
Speaking of Dennis's Rodman.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Miami.
Tell, man.
Sounds like it to me, yeah.
Oh, sorry.
A couple things.
Do you want to buy a plasma?
No, I'm just inquiring.
I don't even know if I want one or not.
I'm trying to find out.
Oh, I can talk to you because I can talk to you if you want off the air
about it because I sell them.
I see.
Good quality.
I guess you can use your computer at the same,
put your computer into it.
You can put any kind of video device into it.
Yeah.
Well, the facts I got from the guy before said that they overheat
and they're again, they're a fire hazard and they're right against the wall and they burn out in two or three years.
And you wasted a 10 or 15 thousand dollar investment.
No, we use them in rental for trade shows.
We use them all over the place, man.
And we've gotten lots of years out of them.
Okay.
Well, thanks a lot for your objective, Analyzation.
Guys peddling him and he's calling me to try to sell me once.
What a concept.
Yeah.
Well, you know, he's going to be very objective, right?
You know, he's not going to tell me any of the bad stuff.
Sorry, pal.
I'd rather go out and buy a cheap car for that amount of money.
He'd have like a, you know, a fifth car to have around.
Well, just why he needs another car payment sounds good to me.
It's 11 past the hour.
We got OJ in first place and coated.
She never going to catch him.
Because he, you know, he may have the arthritic knees.
He may be getting really old, but that OJ can sure still run.
We are supporting O5 CT.
UAM.
Why the, you bastard.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't let go.
You can't let go.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't let go.
You can't let go.
I can't let go.
I can't let go.
I can't let go.
I can't let go.
That night when she turned off all the lights,
there's no place where she could hide.
Oh, no.
OJ was gonna get hurt.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
That night.
One day, the jury's gonna set free OJ.
We're all we know we're gonna head your way.
Oh, yeah, I know she's gonna get ya.
It's true.
OJ is gonna come at you.
And that who get away with that want to move.
Oh, yeah, OJ is gonna get ya.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
One night.
OJ is gonna get you.
You killed the call.
You killed the call.
You killed the call.
You killed the call.
I killed the call.
I killed the call.
I killed the call.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
Tonight.
Oh, fly!
From 17 to 560 W.A.
I'm here's a good suggestion for this pool.
I love it.
It says how about posting that tax evading line cheating bastard Mickey Ericin.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right!
It says take his...
Make him take his boats and basketball team with him.
Maybe he can join his old man in Israel.
You know the old man?
No, don't.
Rumor has it that he sleeps with the gaffilta fishes.
Yeah.
Yeah, don't you remember the nine billion dollars that he slept over to Israel to a very big taxes on him in this country?
There you go. So yes, look in the Mickey get Mickey Erison on there right away, please. Thank you.
OJ's got 96. I mean, that's a given. He's got like a little more than double and
Colter. She's got 47. Well, Howard David is given an Iran for her money 44
Alex Pinkham, Procadia 22 Jose, Kansaka 15 and Miriam elephant 14
Everybody else is small potatoes and single digits if you could go one person out of town out of South Florida, who did be?
Here's a lighthouse point. Hello
Like I said, here's a call from lighthouse point
Yeah, yeah, yes, sir
Let's go a little point as a big red problem, but come a tree down
That's one thing you got to do with the rest of it
You got to get someone to go around the house with a can if you don't have spray foam
Every little opening you've got do you have air conditioners in the roof?
Yeah, they got those vents that go up the side that they run the drain mines through yeah
Just run up those like it's a ramp and until you seal off the house where there's nowhere they can get in
With the foam they just keep coming back and back
I mean, I got a feature my face shirt to get inside the house. You got to eat through your face?
Yeah, I think my face
Right through the face shirt and so it was a three year feature
Yeah, the facer board
Right where the gutter is right
Well, they dug up behind the gutter in through a little tiny spot of rod of wood in the facer
Yeah, they were going in through that then you close that up and then you find they're going up the
Those little square boxes are on the outside of your stucco that run the air conditioning pipe stuff and down
They got the foam around that. It's like a rubber stuff that insulates it
Well, they just think they're causing it run up and down it like it's like I think it's time to kill the bastard
You know it
Man, let me tell you three years. I'm so glad now. I don't well. I'm not gonna say it but
It's been a good couple years
Don't don't give yourself a canary man
Yeah, but until you get the outside sealed off and I just went around with it when I came the can't foam you buy it on people
Right, it's everywhere it looks like they can get in the house or in the trailer is a little crack right?
Yeah, and then when we re-bottle the house we took the
The vents the sonic fence and because they would climb in and out of that we put the
razor wire in there that you use for stucco
Mm-hmm, so that they can't climb in and out of that anyone and like I say for two years now it's been
Excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot pal. Hey good luck with it. I'll need it. Thanks. Oh about a wait. Do I waterdale?
Gotta go. Okay. Well, we'll put them on there. That's the second person's again. I don't know why I poured white
Just because he's a silly goose do I waterdale?
Uh, hey all you rats it's time to face your maker time to face your music
Sounds pretty complicated to me, you know
It's not really it's not
Because it's I could be wrong, but it seems like when they put the a trap in the attic with the peanut butter
It's like a magnet and all they're doing is they're like attracting him to come in and from the outside and they don't hang out
There's not like they've set up camper anything, but they come in and they eat the peanut butter and of course
If someone gets trapped fine and if not they're right back out the same way they came in and
And I could go on forever. You see what I'm saying? Oh, yeah
Am I right? Yes, you are
So what are we accomplishing besides making their crispy critters are a lot of money?
Um or whatever the hell her name is
56705 60 by the way, I'm not flying. Oh, I'll plasma TV
I'm sorry that I read that facts before the guy had good intentions
I'm not getting me no plasma TV. Oh, right. Maybe I could use a little plasma, but no plasma TV
George says he could use a little plasma for his asthma
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, don't you pretty good my my thing for the pole
Belk eastern ray
Is spiel keys in the ray? Yeah, I don't know who decided to promote her to like head anchor. That was a very interesting
He's the head anchor. Yeah, I'm the news now done here. Are you serious? Yeah?
Yeah, we're getting the raised the head anchor on channel seven news. Yeah, I heard he's an oxymoron
Well, not with her not with her if you know all the stories
Okay, we'll put her on her and me. I do know some of the stories. Yes, and me and on the jet bus thing
Technically he is a resident down here. He's just living in South Africa. He's governor. Yeah, but he doesn't
He forget about him. Okay. Have a great weekend. Come on
I already said no twice to jet bush without putting them on her
He doesn't live in South Florida. Don't give me any encouragement. Okay. Maybe he's got a house
Whatever hell you've got pop tent
apartment
Shack cookies the ray and white lottery. We're starting to get some of the TV people on there now
I mean, you know if we want to do that we can put angel array. I don't know
See they don't understand the the significance the deepness of these questions of mine. Oh, yeah
Yeah, it's always well. Who do you hate? Who don't you like? Well, you know that enough of that negative stuff. We're talking about something really positive
No, it's positive for South Florida
It's like getting rid of the rats. It's the same concept. It's a one topic thing today rats and human rats
with two legs
If you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be? I hope he hasn't put Rick Shaw on there
Diddy? No, don't put Rick Shaw on it. It's bad
That's it's just going out of your way to be an asshole to do that. Tell her Rick Shaw. I read you to these people
And culture well, I'm not gonna read down list. We are 291 votes. I'll just give you what we got
OJ 100 nice even 100 for OJ
Tarrick for good old J
And quarter 47 more Howard David at 45 he and Anne seem to have quite a battle going on neck to neck asked to ask
Speaking of asked Alex Pingapakina 23 Miriamola fans 17 Jose can sucko 15
Wayne high pingo 10. Oh now that Scott Jr's gone off to a jersey. We can talk about him behind his back, right? All right
Well, no, I talked about him while he was there. Sure. I don't know about him. The verdict is out
I don't I wonder how the do you find this? I mean don't go hanging him on me see I tried to be I mean Scott for well is great
We're delighted to have me's gonna be a gigantic hit have big numbers is great lead and I'm glad to promote his things
Which I will in a second, but you know, I mean
He doesn't add anything to the program you follow what I'm saying right did I say program? I'm sorry
Never do it again. Absolutely to the show does he?
Yeah, he runs the board. No, that's not adding something to the program
You can have a guy them train monkey because we could get precious from passions to run the board
He'll talk all you want to see a two in a hell of a good job on that either well. He never got the phone yesterday
The phones aren't can't hear the phones he never did that before
So what does that mean how long's he been doing it now a week? Well, that's plenty. I mean is this rocket science we're talking about
I mean if even a putz like Robert Grieper can do it how hard can it be?
Right medium hard
But I don't think Robert Grieper has ever been medium hard
Maybe like a little like a tad
Polt
You like he maybe he's got a tadpole I could be it because he sure don't have anything human between his legs
So I don't know about skyguess we're gonna get another week in them. We'll can't ask and what we do a search
No, see this is your fault. You're the one I blame you don't want to went out and find that rat head
Yeah, I'm gonna rats I didn't go out and found him didn't know what
What do you mean you went out and found him I said I didn't go out and found him
The beater head I didn't find him he found us he bugged me for years
Wigman Yard is saying that's my boy Miguel likes to rub it in
Yeah, no you found him. You were in fact you were saying that you were feeling bad because you were responsible for it
I am bad. I am feeling
I let him uh pop me and get him a job here
Oh, and then you allowed scoffer well who as much as we like him a lot I
You know you know you don't want
We needed somebody to run a board. They had absolutely nobody he volunteered that now he's got a job and no he doesn't
What do you mean by that? What do you mean by he has a job
Then we're talking about running the board on this show. He's not getting paid yet
He's not getting paid or maybe not ever
So in other words, this is all a scam. They come to they they said this and that they told him a whole bunch of things and you know how that goes
So in other words, he just hanging out there like they were uh suck
I'm a gallon of doing there all those must be right
Hopefully only waiting in the Miguel is on salary
He's paid to be in the building in the salad. I'm not pairing good and pinned up against the wall by Doreen with a giant strap on she's got
So you know but at least in this case in other words, he's not even see you don't tell me anything
I feel like I've lost control of this show, you know no
I don't know what you mean we I didn't tell you anything what are you talking about?
I would have told you if they'd hired him he didn't they haven't hired him
So I didn't tell you that so in other words, he's just kind of hanging out there because he's a buddy a scot for real
You're as up to date as ever
Like the last conversation that I had about with him that all still applies
What does that mean that when he came in here to be an intern to train to run the board?
That's still that's still what's going on
Toys and intern he's still learning yeah on our dime on our time and on our dime on this highly rated show
Now wonder we got problems man
I'm thinking maybe the beast
I'm just all trained
It's Friday you bastard
I'm a hill daily Republican but f***er
In red big card and in Compton, we don't have a big dick and booger porter
In Saudi America country I love
The whole blitz America gets in on my throat
Watch the girls are trapped you know my nooks
Run the ocean shitey, all peridopiny
I wear it on my sleeve
Swat down on my whole face that
And let me watch your balls slapping on my mouth
Come on, new Christian brother, help me get off
As I gaze upon my naked dick to John Ascroft
You'll learn and dog view just like your g-spray
That's why I'm devoted to the deal
Ever cracked her tummy, the shakers and gays
Rack feeling cute living in shame
Oh yeah
I'm a hill daily Republican but f***er
In red big card and in Compton, we don't
And I believe in the goddamn thing they say
All right, pro 32 at 560 WQ
I'm on, where used to be the near Roger show and now I feel like I've lost control here
Feel like I'm in a like a big fat old stepchild
Oh it's like Tom jikah said you know you're entrant, oh you're out of touch
I'm out of touch yeah that must be it
I'm not touching it
Something really rotten in South Florida I can smell them all the way up here
Must be that the ammonia that I was talking about
That emotium, I'm emotium D
Because I haven't got any idea what's going on there
The all these stories about this is Scott is this in Scotts of Friend to Scott for all and yeah
And you're the whole night of flashing and I'm a gillis sitting there in a
He told me this morning he was going off the jersey
But he never said when then all of a sudden he just disappears. Oh well, he's gone
He will cut a plane to go white what and I told you as soon as it happened
Bull crap. I'm sitting here talking to him
I'm sitting here talking to him thinking that he's there and then you say oh he's gone
I mean I know I have these great psychic powers, but I'm not exactly Riva from guiding light you know Miguel came on the mic
Well, he could have been he's done that before Scott could have gone out to take a crap
Haven't you ever gone out to take a crap how many times you go out take a crap during the show today
But third man, so there you go. You think you're the only one that's full of crap and he else got some crap in there
Believe me. That's what Thoreen said
She said he's full of crap and that's only because she's pissed because he won't do her
And either would anything else alive even a rants in my adequate and touch that bitch
But anyway, see you're trying to side-track me again knocking Doreen
The fact of the matter is we don't have to you know have like a big simmiss especially on a Friday going into a nice weekend
A big simmiss about this we are
Yeah, we are I like I said we need to have a big simmiss about this. Okay
I'd like to have like somebody in there who like is a communicative you know who might like once in a while
So it's leaves Miguel out well, it's because I told him to shut up
Why I told you to tell him to shut up. It's because he has nothing to say he has absolutely nothing to say
I say we get the beast in there. What do you say? Huh? Let's make a swap. That's a good idea
How come I'm here silence? How come I'm here silence?
I don't know
You don't think the beast would be recommending anyone for anything. I'm recommending movies is all I'm doing it from now on
Yeah, I'm not recommending anyone for any wood which turned out to be a bitter disappointment. Oh, sorry
5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's I'm gonna let's such a screenless the rest of the day because Miguel's obviously under a lot of pressure and
He can't be bothered with that. Thanks
No, seriously. I don't want you to have to go through that in addition to which you know, we are stressed out from Doreen
If anything of that
Creation were chasing me around. Well, I already have the stalker up here. I got rumored
That's a good pull question. Which is worse to be chased by rumor or Doreen?
Yeah
Evan sure. Hello
Oh there he is
The whisper with the same old crap, but he's still there every goddamn day with his one or two lines
Retire like you're something you're all you're pathetic you're tragic
Why don't you go in a rap? We'll see if we can catch you in a big trap. Okay. Let's stick it a guy then bowl of ammonia
You jackass you piece of turd man. I flush better things down this morning you turn than you
Asshole and have a nice weekend
Forl will be at ole ole on the Los Olas River from six to eight tonight giving away dolphin tickets. What we do?
I mean go see him and
Miguel rhymes with the forl
In coke at a creek at the Seminole casino 5550 Northwest 40th Street 3 to 5 to 7 noon
Just off Sanford, oh west of the turnpike and then if that wasn't good enough
Join QM tonight now who's gonna be on that are you gonna be on that too? Yes, sir
Wow, I'm a jose busy beaver today. You have no idea. He said he likes busy beaver
Join QM tonight the hooters in base side seven to nine pms stop by to win prize and you have bucket of five
Okay, yeah, yeah, you're there. What does that mean a bucket of five president of beer for eight fifty?
Well somebody teased this boy ingolace, okay?
A bucket of five for eight fifty president. They beer you start to speak like Lucy. Okay, like does he ornaize? I started Lucy
Lucy, you know
Enjoy a bucket of five for eight fifty president a beer
How about a bucket of five president a beers for eight fifty? How does that sound? Yeah, that's how much better
I know I mean, I like to sound like a culture guy even on my fatluls slub. I like to sound like at least not illiterate
You know like to put on a good act for these people
So whatever going there go and see me go and tell me is
And get some beer get a bunch of beer. Okay, and buy some stuff buy some of our best in the old stuff
Because if we aren't over 20 grand by next week. Oh, we got to be over right now
But we're not getting anymore reports normal. I forgot the total of my desk here in 19 something
Now we were in 19 four before yesterday even
We had 19,400 before the show yesterday. Right. You're still in that vicinity. Well, what the hell is that mean?
Uh, what was it since the other day you have
240 something dollars on well, that's not gonna cut the mustard. What is with these people out there?
We got our best in the old. We didn't even put a CD out last year
We got the two thousand two two thousand three CDs. We got the mohawar david
Keychains we got some of those zomanda we had all kinds of good stuff
For abandoned pet rescue, which is a sensational
Charity by the way and you can read all about it right there on our website. Just click on to the thing there
Boy, yeah, you're right. This is not the town there to be doing anything
But whatever we get now to be gravy, you know what I'm saying right because we can go like we always do right through January one
But it'll just be a little icing on the cake a little gravy a little mashed potatoes whatever
But boy, this is I guess I shouldn't be gullic in the fact that nobody went to the Marlowe game yesterday
Because no matter if they win every game which they have been lately just about uh, there's nobody there to go
There's nobody there
Just like this. I'm doing scrimmless right now. There's one call
A ringing on the thing I say we just do that best of uh, that that comedy bits are four hours a day till the people come back all right
You don't think that's a good idea
Absolutely like about a week before or my vacation in December sounds good stop dancing George
WQAM
You
Yes, sir. What's up, man? I got a guy. I got a clown for your bowl. Okay. How about Danny. I can't wear a super bowl of arena
Why is that is he playing on the team now?
Nobody lives down here in western and so was he bothering you
He kind of looks funny. No. Yeah, he doesn't have bad lips. You're right. Now get out of here get out
It won't let's see you people are mean. You're cruel. You're nasty. You're rotten
Danny can't win a super bowl marino
Next to Pavel Burry the greatest athlete who ever put on a jockstrap for a soft-foad team
No question about it and maybe even superior than Pavel
Pavelov and his stupid brother
And here this guy see this is the problem in soft-foad. You didn't know you could never do enough for them
It's always
It's always the old crybaby act. You're watching crybaby's man. You make me sick. I'm so glad I'm not there. I can't begin to tell you
You only the only negative thing I can find in Toronto right now is the rimmers. That's the only thing
And you know what the good news is
What they'll be gone soon
My
Local
In Miami
You never know when the power might go
Damn it
This is the worst power outed in American history and we're out of batteries
What do I do?
Introducing the Hummer H3 solar powered vibrator
That's it
Hummer
Need more power than you should get the Hummer H4 nuclear powered kickstart remote control vibrator
Hummer alternative energy vibrators they won't leave you hang
KF-44 560 speaking of the Hummer we got the mad dog at two the Hummer will be on 4 to 6 30 from the crystal palace and about how this including the
On tape Dave wants at 05 to 6 and in the Marlin game from San Juan Puerto Rico Marlins on the exposed big series man humongous
Edit camp to the baseball game ESPN radio overnight. It's bad
User business to give file sure is amnesty. I'll be fine. Do that's true. Which I found on lense Emil's website nice going Lynn
The thing with this crispy critters. I'm starting to realize how stupid I am you know
Because you know what they do is they set the traps they put the penis peanut butter crap that they have like an a tube okay they stick that the peanut butter
What a concoction on the traps and then when they come back
They go check the traps. So if there's three rats they charge you so much per rat that they catch
Well, I mean that's like catching fish in a barrel. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh
I can keep setting those up there forever and then the center the more that peanut butter I slop on here
They're more they're gonna get the scent and then we're gonna come marching in where the crevices are and of course
Then they keep stall off when they're gonna come and close everything up there because they're really busy
Where we need busy, you know that crap and in the meantime I'm paying into catch fish in a barrel. What the hell is that deal?
In addition to what probably probably most of them animals wouldn't be going in there if they weren't smelling the peanut butter in the first place
It's not it's not like they're up there running around all the time they're not there. They're like you set out in the trees. They're hanging in the hood
Right rats rats in the hood
Boy oh boy. What a schmuck I am crispy critters my ass
Well, this is their last chance this weekend to get their whole house like a hermetically sealed
And if I find one possum one rat one cool anywhere near my house then the schmitz gonna hit the fan
Then you'll see some real crispy critters in that place
Anyway, don't you agree? Yeah, well I agreed uh way earlier
If you just set up a uh
Trappin puts them crap in and there's like 80's in it in the hood. They're better. They're gonna smell it, you know
And come running. They're gonna smell of it
The R.I. Speaking of something that really stinks the R.I.A.A. the recording industry association of america plants
The announcement amnesty program this week that will let individual online copyright infringers off the hook for old time's sake if they change their way sources say
Oh
The amnesty program would apply only to alleged infringers who have not been sued by the music industry trade group or identify by internet service providers
This is all the trade groups subpoenae process a less commercial power. It's will not receive amnesty
According to the sources the R.I.A.A. will not pursue legal. I don't like the R.I.A.A. as much as I like that stuff
I was talking about yesterday that P
I love that
Too bad we wasted such a good bunch of shows this week on what we got down there now, you know what?
After hearing from nothing but the misfits pretty much. Yeah, who never leave there
Anyway, now they will not pursue legal action if infringers delete all unauthorized music files from their computers destroying all copies including CD Rs
CD roms
Why does it say CD Rs and the CD roms CD Rs are the recordable CDs. Oh, that's right. That's right. Okay
I promise
Not to upload such material in the future each infringing household member will have to send a completed notarized amnesty from the R.I.A.A.A
With a copy of a photo ID those who we nigg on their promise will be subject to changes of willful copy right infringement
The amnesty program will be revealed at about the same time the R.I.A.A. is expected amounts to finding of several hundred infringement suits
The R.I.A.A.A. had no comment sounds to me like a trap and then I even put no peanut butter on it
Does it in that story or any of the other ones that you've said?
uh
Do they talk about which ISPs are actually giving up their users?
The um no
Well, wasn't it Verizon was that one of them? I don't know. Yes, it was Verizon
I don't know about the other ones that I don't want to mention no name right but anyway, well George is pretty nervous because you know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on me. I'm still pork off about this Scott thing
Which I you know I hate to do this on the air, but it's just uh, I don't understand what you're pork off about
I'm pork off in the fact that we got like some guy that we got tossed in here because he's a buddy of Scott and
I mean he seems like an Eastern God, but he's got nothing to say he has no way. I know the shut up
That's no connection with the show whatsoever
And you know, I think we bring Beenerboard back. It's either Beenerboard or the B somebody with a B
At least Beenerboard was funded a party
What do you laugh at about it's a truth?
I mean, I can't imagine too many bits at Boker brine's gonna be doing about Scott Jr. Can you?
Not yet. No, well, I'm just I don't know
I mean, it's not that I'm picking on him behind his back all the way and picking on him behind his back
But I was picking on him when I was there and he just he just I he's holding to dummy up. Why? Why?
Uh
Nobody wants to hear from him. That's why
See Miguel has a pair I'm like George who's again trying to be defensive because he
To at least you're two for two now you're betting a thousand well people barely wanting here from George
But we want to hear from the board out. Well, I mean, but if I ask him something just like when I asked him what team
He was a fan of and we went through all these uh, yeah, I had him like that's his way of being and being cute
Yeah, that's what he thought he was about as cute as Dorine's ass man
How do you like that? That ain't my idea of cute
Anyway, we'll work it out. Okay, or not or just to have the room empty in there. Maybe move get the uh
Maybe we can get the spots to run the auto pilot
That sound good. All right
Okay, five six seven. We're looking today and it's really a brutal brutal Friday
I can't believe that this crowd is doing this to me today, but hey, I'm used to it all these years
Never changes
Man, I'm as happy as a pig in slop or working on kitchen and rats with all kinds of peanut butter extra crunchy by the way this weekend
With our crispy critters people. No, that that to me. That's a scam
And I have to be a real moron. I admit
But when you're gonna charge people for catching stuff that you're you're drawing in yourself, you know
Be like here. I'm gonna give you a put a whole bunch of fish in a bowl
In a barrel and give you a pool
Yeah, with some bait
And then every time you get a fish out of them, I'm gonna charge you for it
If you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be? Oh, Jay you're in a league of your own you and the some of the others
Oh, Jay 117 and colder 53 mohauer david and 52 is right on and ass. I'd love I'd pay to see that
Alex pinga pecania not doing as well as I thought he would
26 out of sight out of mind
Miriam elephant 20
Josec and sucko 17 Wayne high zingua 14 Ricky tiki says his 13 now
I know we edit him on late, but I thought that we'd give him the handicap. He goes zooming up there. Didn't you?
I thought so
Not doing well 13 revered david kennedy or jay whatever. How does name is James Kennedy nine miss matt fudge seven
Maris greasy as six jfiedler five Gloria step on has got four belch spilkeys in the race got one
Mickey iris and one none for rimmer or Dwight law to the else. Yeah, totally don't put them on her. Did I say that?
I mean, I did say eventually put them on her by totally they get no votes. What's what is rimmer?
And if you kick him out of there, he's gonna be chasing me all over the place like he's doing now. Oh, I know
I was a it was a big opening right there
WQ I am
Neil yes sir. I know my friend. Okay. I'm doing great all the ISPs are doing are giving up their members the only one that had to nads to fight was Verizon
I'll be damn oh they fought it Verizon. I thought they were the first one to give them up. No, no, no
They were fighting them in court and of course with this Nazi regime we have in up in power
Jent lost the battle. I'll be damn so they have to give up all the names
Oh, well, I'll be up in Toronto my friend. I'll be event coover
Yeah, well, maybe I can look up even buy rimmer some dinner. Hey, sir. Hey Columbia sounds good to me my friend
Have a good time amigo. Okay, let up a fat one for us
560560 pound 560 only AT&T we're doing screenless now and it's the loan help WQ I am
Neil yes sir
I got another guy for your poll. Okay
Chris Bush
Hmm
See what I mean nothing but this fits into it. That's all we got
Airweekronic airweek regular airweek uh, malcontent airweek missfit airweek a suckle. That's what we got
And like I said see it's not me after all these years I used to get a lot of the oh Neil's so negative and he'll always knocking stuff
What I'm just telling you exactly the way it is. Okay, that's not the way I wanted
That's all the way I like it. It's taking years off all of our lives that we've had to put up with such a bunch of miserable assholes
Okay, that we've had to live in the midst of such a bunch of swill
God front running phony baloney
I mean any adjective you can come up that's negative to it. I'll vote for it
Said it's prophetic. It's tragic. It's debilitating. Do I really give a crap? No, but it sounds good
It's good. It's good theater like mr. Ego would say good drama drama
company Q I am
I like it. Thanks, pal. Oh, I don't like he's doing Jackie jump. I don't really care. She's a monkey face
She is he's a monkey face. I don't care what any of you guys say she is not attractive
You may have nice hair, but you know who else had nice hair? I am silly. I'm losing I am dead now
And she also was a monkey face by the way
Now I hear she's kind of Smith faced five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
In fact the former chancellor of West Germany. Remember how much myth they said he was midfaced
WQ I am
Yeah, but he sure wore an interesting helmet. Yes, sir
Yeah, that rat that rat trap with the peanut butter is definitely a scam
Yeah, I mean cutters it's called critter control and I'm going to start to get out of control thinking about what they're doing to me
Ripen you know, actually I use the rats for food for my turtles
Yeah, yeah, turtle pen in the back and it's on the other side of the fence is a storm drain
So I put the peanut butter out they come over the fence they eat the pizza peanut butter you caught the trap
Actually, good idea good thing. I'm gonna go on give me a turtle. I when I was a kid I had a turtle was called Mertle the turtle
And my whole life I've always agonized over this. I think I threw it in a waste bath good before it was really dead
You know, I think it was just kind of huh?
You know what I mean? Yeah, it was just kind of resting you know how they pull their head in about you of course
You know how they pull her inside
Yeah, you know how that works maybe now and they were like pop right out when you least expect it
Especially if it's a snap in turtle. Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, sometimes they bite
I
But it was called Mertle the turtle and it was a you know actually Mertle the turtle
I don't know. It's so long ago. You know, it's about a hundred years ago
I also had like one of them painted turtles, you know those that can't be good. No, it's not
That was just that must that it's been a long time ago. Oh, yeah, when I was like five years old
So that's like 56 years ago. I'm almost 61 years old. I'm so god damn old. I can't even count it anymore
That seeps into their system and that's not good
No wonder it got sick and I had a throw it in a waste bath in the garbage in my garbage can outside
These to die bunnies
The name of the street we've been a Rochester by the way was okay. Terrace
Everybody imagine what it was called okay. Terrace was it okay?
Terrace and was it now it's all dark man really a dark neighborhood wow wow wow wow wow
Anyway, we're just singing law you we're just killed sometime for you
We appreciate the fact that you're like hanging with us because it's desperate. It's just desperate down here
I'm so so so pleased that I'm not there you have no idea
I was there for a week. It seemed like it was a century. I'm not exaggerating
You could see that I just I was at my wits end
And then I get sucked into this crispy critter deal you know with these oh, yeah
We're gonna catch a hundred rats for it. It's only like a 20 bucks a piece on sending you a very encouraging fact
That you'll enjoy reading during the break what do you mean by that
That you'll enjoy reading during the break about the rats yeah
What a scam. Oh, we're putting a whole bunch. We're in fact. We got a gourmet menu. We're putting up there
We're putting a rat buffet. You remember the uh
Yeah, the more gets bored. Yeah, you remember the Negro buffet and it filled it but we got a rat buffet. Yeah
Although if we put a Negro buffet up there we might catch some
Possums
257 at 560 WQM by now you've heard me talk moochoo about laminets irush and how laminated wood flooring from laminets irush is the easy low maintenance
Alternative to natural wood flooring laminets irush is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a binus
Peridore per go Wilson out unifloor and quickstep. They've got all the top names all installed by per go certified in stores
Here's another reason why I'd be calling laminets irush their prices will positively
Floria right now you can get their September kickoff special for just
1995 bucks. That's correct
Just 1995 bucks gets you up to
380 square feet a beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively unreal and laminets irush will max any legitimate
Written off for two so if you'd like to get you a free at home estimate with no obligation at all no pressure
Call laminated to rust toll-free
1 877 777 33 36 what can be easier pre-carpet disposal
3 furnitures you're moving to 25 year warranty and years and a lifetime a beautiful easy care
Laminate wood flooring column today tell me to all cross me to what totally to call laminated to rust 1 877
777 33 36
My
And look all this is 435 60
You ain't yeah
You
Just got the rail and when I'm up in bulk it take a slap and all the women would paint and lift around the floor
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one to two hour
Are you suffering from clinical depression life just not what it used to be
Spending your evenings with your mouth wide open watching reality shows
Too much of a sport hole to think about getting laid
Is that what's got you down monkey? Well get a new lease on life at the doctor Mo Howard David depression clinic
Dr. Mo Howard David is born
Yes, sir to viable and is here to make your pathetic life worth living again
All right, sen seq what you'll be
I'm the best act
I know that you're more on
No!
That's why you're here, ain't it?
Well, I'll have you know I cured many famous patients
Yeah, like who?
That was Ray Cohn's
Karen Cacopin Durd
I am a doctor not a chef
Not give me 50 bucks and get the f*** out of here
Hey, I can hear you
You think I'm a f***ing people poison?
Spray
Visit the doctor Mo Howard David depression clinic today
And receive a complimentary single-leg laser blade
Not the Mo Howard David
Do it, do it, do it, do it
One, two, three, four, five
Oh man
He must have gotten a good stuff in the mail
I'll tell you that it must have come in from the islands
102 at 560 W can tornado warning for the city of Miami, Florida
Did you see that?
No
So there is now a tornado warning for Miami, Dave County
Until 130 eastern time
Apparently we're going to be a continuation of this
My question would be from Henri
One of the things you do worry about
When a tropical cyclone makes landfall
Because the potential for tornadoes
I'm sure a tornado watch will probably be issued for Florida
Before it's all over
Certainly going to watch that
As that could be very dangerous
Like I said, I sure must be in down there man
That's part of that tropical storm
On Henri and then of course you got the hurricane
The big one out there of Bermuda
That's going to wipe out South Carolina
But anyway, tornado warning for Dave County to 130
For a while, of course, she's on CNN
She's saying for Miami, you know what is that?
That's the ass end of the big storm
That's going to wipe out Tampa or Orlando
And the Daytona beach
So here's this fact
And did I just hear Joe Ross say the Netherlands
I don't know, I don't listen to our spots
Is that kind of like anywhere near the hinterlands?
I'm sure that's the Netherlands
So it's time to wrap the wood
Yeah
Nice fact that you sent me from my close personal friend Steve at ATM
Oh
Why didn't John listen to me
I put the card out there
But I guess he misunderstood and he called crispy critters instead
About we can have to go when this whole thing started
And too late now
So what do I do?
Because uh, should I read this?
Oh, that's up to you
It's just uh, it's for your information kind of thing
Yeah, but I mean how do we how do I extricate myself from the first crispy critters people who are charging or
raping me by the dead red
Don't know what kind of a contract you signed
But if you didn't
I didn't sign anything
Then uh bye bye bye
Yeah
But I mean today's the day they're like seal on everything up
That wouldn't be the appropriate day to say bye bye bye
When I guess not
Now
In the future though
Or as soon as they're done sealing it up
Well, I'm gonna save this and then like I'll let you well let you know the progress next week and then we'll like you know
But it doesn't sound too promising to me because that it's it's out you know that old term bait and switch
Yeah, I think I'm being bait and swished myself at peanut butter crab
It's it's it's insanity
It's like saying hey look I can catch all these fish out here. How much are you gonna pay me for each one I catch
Let me throw some tum in the water first. Oh at least the fish you can take them out on the grill and fry them up
You don't have uh supper
Unless you want to eat dead rat and get maybe stars or something. That's probably not a real good idea. You wouldn't be the first
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We got so many problems and so many
Ansels
W to QAM
QAM
Neil yes sir
Uh, yeah, my wife has a little rat bomb matter place of an employment here. Yeah
And they use slim gyms in the trap
What else has he more delicious than peanut butter yummy? Uh-huh
Yeah, I think what they use about 70 traps up there and
Uh, I think today was the day to go up there and get them all I guess
Okay, well give me a report next week. See he doesn't understand that if they're like putting in a slim gyms
There's probably rats gonna be coming in from Palm Beach County, right?
Right
I'd heard it has guy works. I mean, it's just I just common sense
I'm really a lot dumber than I thought but at least I admit it
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM
Neil yes sir
Lovely show you got going on. I got somebody for your poll. Yes
Joey the terrorist of Sulto
Do you want to get a Sulto? Yeah, Jeff
Who now's Joey Basuto? I don't know
Well, then we're not putting them on the pool. I mean the name sounds familiar one of the
Ravio gravel
Who is it? Basuto's from brothers to rescue
Is it Joey?
Jose
Oh, I don't put them on there. We don't know who that is most of our people speaking English
Oh Miguel will vote on it WQAM
Hello, yes sir
Neil yes, picking good afternoon. How you doing? I'm doing sensational man
Hey, let me let me ask you a question
Why are all of these politicians getting in the middle of our sports?
Such as what the hell do they know why is George Bush coming on before the beginning of the season?
Why is Russia limbaugh doing
Commentating you know who the hell cares about you know what the hell the politicians have to say when we're
watching the naive and
unsuspecting problem we are right
In the hell
And I have a guy I'm running for the governor of the largest state and you're asking me if the American public is stupid
No, we already know they are for our president is exactly look who our governor is
Right, you know it goes hand in hand
Okay, good luck to you sir. I'll see you at the border
I'll see you at the border. Get your special dispensation to come across
5670560 pound five sixty uh, I don't know what it is man Tuesday. I'll say it again
I probably shouldn't it's called giving yourself a canary again shooting yourself in a foot
I got up out of this share at two o'clock on Tuesday and thought man we just we just picked some serious ass
You know what you forget because you took almost no calls and man now is the week is gone on week is the operative term
Speller with an AWEAK
You're in neurotic station. Now be good call it is one of the WAK
Hope it's not taken don't expect too much because this is weak radio
Perfect for a cheap channel. Yeah, nice going people. Do you jackass?
God, I wish you would die WQ a.m. Hello
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and over and over
Up and
That is
See what I mean they're all crumbling from the pressure folks. They can't handle it. They're losing it
By the way watch out for the tornadoes. Tell about 130. Well, let's you know what it's 130 and then you can run outside
WQ a.m. You're so sad. No, you're so sad. Colley you're so sad
WQ a.m. Oh, yes, how you doing sir? Okay, what two colors go he uh, let me hear you speak up. I can barely hear you're like muddy
I was there I was in the car two colors ago. He was uh leaning into what I was gonna talk about the guy for the forward
I think she got actually it's just about everybody at hand with that last name by Jeff
Kulumba
Uh, the whole bush clan. Yeah, right that that really is an answer to my question
By the way, uh Jose Bassolto is the guy's name from my assholes to the rescue. That's a guy. We're not putting them on it
small potatoes
Yeah, he's really small potatoes. Nobody knows what it is. This line sky is another one to circle jerk guys right
567.05. He's probably got his nose up. Chris bushes ass right now
567.0560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. George is a lifeless loser and
And he's up that greasy pig. Yeah, and you suck. So there you go. Nobody's perfect
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Screenless
How's it going now? Okay. You know how they use peanut butter did they tell you? No, I wasn't there
This was my roommate did all of this. I uh, you know, it didn't seem
They used to pee up because it sticks to the trap like the rats get smarter
They'll not the trap off and they'll just carry the food away to pee up but are actually sticks to the trap. Yeah
But I'm sure that the aroma of it attracts the rats, doesn't it?
I don't know about that anything will attract the rat. Look at what it is. Right. So so what's the point if they know if let's say they know
There's like a thousand rats in the neighborhood and the trees and everything
They can keep putting food up there and it's like you know free buffet
Yeah, they will place all the soft and trees around your house
They're just supposedly supposedly doing that today and they damn well better be
Yeah, that's the first thing you know to do before you set the traps or they'll just keep calling it
Once they feel it all out, you should be good to go once they set the trap
Well, we'll know in a couple of days. Thanks for the good news pal. Have a good week and you too
Well, no in a couple of days if crispy critters is really to do or if they're just giving out a rat buffet
Yeah, why don't we just you know put a nice spread up there for crying out loud sure and maybe blow a whistle or something?
Yeah, have like like they do for the flamingos in highly you know blow to whistle and they know that oh it's time for a lot of time for brunch for those uh dinner triangles
That they ring oh yeah, that would like out on a ranch like in Bonanza or maybe go and green can uh can give it a little dinging
I
had a
one at five sixty wqm I heard Lauren green did have a little dinging that's what what's it they said little Joe you know,
Haas
If you're a Haas if you're a cow and you're on any kind of a low carb diet
Here's a wonderful store that you will absolutely of shopping and the reason I know that is because it'll be such a threat a
A threat of fresh air
Because uh you're on a supermarket and they don't have nothing I mean you know they got the basics the meat and the cheese and the uh that low
Carbs stuff and that's it
Maybe they got a couple of things that supposedly low carb and you have nothing to snack on no alternatives nothing to keep you on your low carb diet
Do you like to Westbook is the number one low carb store in the universe?
They've got over 900 low carb fact I've meant they got over a thousand now
But it's gonna be refused to give me a new copy because he's busy taking smelly bms in the tea room there at Q.A.M
Do you like to Westbook is introducing great new stuff all the time be sure and check out the new low carb instant cup of soup
Just add water microwave pop it in the old thing a low carb me a little cup for delicious flavors
Try the unbelievably delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast
They've got all kinds of neat new things like the individual size cheesecake
Low carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies and brownies and their spectacular selective low carb pasta sauces
Dressing chips chocolates the world famous carbolite ice cream duties low carb peanut brittle and the carburet ready during chocolate
Vittles shakes and now thank goodness the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no multital
So you'll be satisfied and not wasting all day on the throne
Come in and try any products you like you can try before you bite and keep in mind that at the lights
All the atkins brands products are on sale all day every day
The lights is open 10 to 10 every day you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades Road and
441 next to Boston Market and Boca column at 1 877 low carb or shop them on a web at lowcarb.com
Don't forget that's the lights of Westbook. It's your official atkins retail center rest in peace
You're way and way
Estudes a great privilege to be here at outlining new budget
I throw a darts of the board to come up with a number of protects relief in my plan
No one will get relief
For lower income families you'll never get ahead and this president doesn't care and won't pay
My attitude is government should stand in the way of families achieving their dreams together. We will do so
I hope you'll join me in standing firmly
Unrestrain
Some say my it's too big
others
Others say it's too small
I respectfully disagree
This is just right
Okay, so I'm watching CNN and they're doing the thing again. They're about the hurricane
I'm sorry the tornado warning for date County
Okay, so I click on to the Sun Sentinel and forget about it and I click on to the hero
and they got a big thing on their weather
Page hurricane Fabian. I'm looking all over the place. Where's the story? Where's the beef you assholes
Here's tropical storm on re
Which is pretty ornary
And oh here you go latest public advisories. You think it's going to be there
Statistics and warnings. Okay. Well, it should be it you have to like practically standing
Don't you think that should be like a bulletin you think
But how is wrong with these assholes? Let me just yank my thing over here
Let me pull it over
Uh, there's nothing on here. This is an advisory on the goddamn tropical storm
Has it got nothing to do with a trot tornado warnings or anything else?
You got to get it from CNN and the herald and the sunset and all you get is hemorrhids when you wipe your ass with it
That's pretty name-classy. What a crock of crap
There's another reason South Florida cannot extricate itself from the state in which it finds itself. Florida
5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget Miguel will be at the coconut Creek
Seminole casino with your best and eel stuff
That's 5550 Northwest 40th Street just off sample road west of the turnpike three to five this afternoon and then the night
7 and 9 at the Hooters in Bayside stop by to win prizes and you have bucket of five president
They beers for just eight and a half bucks. See how nice that did that very nice
That was good. Just slug right in there and it's got for round
We'll be at the Ole Ole on Los Olis River front from 6th of 8th tonight
And he'll have some dolphin tickets to give away some free crap for all your free-loaders
WQ I am
Hi, I wanted to ask you something about that music sharing. Maybe I'm overlooking the obvious. Yes
If you download music I'm seeking hypothetically and take it off your computer sounds like a plan to
Reform a hard concept like a theory to me and throw your computer in the canal and buy it. Do it right
Okay, thanks. Okay
Have a busy weekend
I know I have a long list of things. All these illegal things that are going on. I'm so sick and tired of this
Fascist regime man. I'd never do anything illegal
Sick and tired of fascist and crazy right wing religious nuts on the loose
Because that's the American effing freaking way
So if I buy a CD and I let a friend listen to it. Yeah, I file sharing. Yes
Only if you're learning your nail file
And that's right. What if you learn somebody your nail file? They're gonna like get you for that too. It is file sharing
All you win out there and guys that file their nails. I can't stand guys that file their nails
You want to know why why because it means they have nails
Uh, that's good. I'm real nervous about guys that don't chew their fingernails
I don't chew my fingernails. You have fingernails? I don't chew them. I cut them with clippers
You didn't but you don't file them. No. Oh, I defiled them
Thank goodness for that because if you came on a year today and said that you filed your nails
I think that'd be the last straw the last nail
So to speak in your coffin
Man talk about your image WQ I am
Q I am
Gardening over there. Well too late. You're too slow for me. WQ I am hello
Neil yes, sir
Hey, um on your ranch situation. It's a simple thing
Decon makes their blue blocks. There's eight blocks in a pack. It's just cost you four dollars and fifty cents
What happens is
They've rat eats it and it takes three days and what happens is they get thirsty
They go outside to go out and get water because they drink and when they drink they blow up inside right? Yes, sir
Now, but they don't drink in your house. They drink outside and then if you're probably probably the crispy
Critic people probably put a bowl of water up there for them and you're addict
Well, you know the thing is is I don't I don't know if you really want to blame them for attracting stuff that comes inside
Because what happens is when there's one rat there's more than one, okay?
And I had three total and three days later. I kid you not I came home and the three of them were going out after they
had consumed the Decon blue block
Yeah, and I'm telling you man my dog nailed every one of them picked them up
And broke through you know broke their necks and then I got I got the rats out and all right
So that's what you that's for four dollars and fifty cents. That's all you need
But I don't understand what what do you put it in? I mean just don't know it's a block
It just sits you if your roommate can go up and put it in the attic. That's fine
I put mine in the garage what they do is they run along a trail and you have to put it on the edge of the garage
Yeah, they don't go in the middle they stay on the edge at night because
Why is that because their whiskers are their feelers and
They stay on the edge so I put everything on the edge of the garage and it worked out great
Huh
That's the key. Wait. Well, let me ask you this. What if you put that stuff like outside
No, let's call it what'll happen is um another animal will come out and eat it
Yeah, and no you want to if you have a garage in the bag. I don't know how your house is set up
Yeah, I have a garage with a thing
Addic over and I also have to know that I cover the bedroom and the guy who called early about the air conditioner thing
They do go through the air conditioner
I got an air conditioner thing where they came in through from the outside
So he's right about that and they take it and they they go up they climb up and go into the attic
So if you can get it placed right by the air conditioner
I don't know what they call it. It's a it's a metal thing and the pipes you can see the pipes going up
Mm-hmm and um, but I tell you what man for $4.50. It got rid of my problem
Okay, thanks pal. You always have it
Well now you're in the summertime, but I usually get it right before fall because what they do is they're looking for someplace warm to go
Maybe a block of ice up there couldn't be bad either. Yes, sir. Okay. Thanks a lot. Yes, sir. I see you
Well, there you go. How about some blue blocker man sounds good to me a blue blocker for the old cocker
What yeah, and I have read about that where they eat the they chew the stuff and they go outside and makes them very thirsty when they drink it
Like all blows up inside and they just look like they go outside unless they can get inside in which case the you'll find them dead in your toilet
I'll find them dead in my toilet while yeah, but they'll go for that water and they'll go in there and get a drink and they'll die in your
Turl it is happening. Well, what do you mean they'll go in there and get a drink? How's it going to get into my turl it?
They're climbed claw crawl from where so in other words you're like now you're telling me they're in the house
They can't if they can get in the house now you're telling me they're in my freaking house
The first thing I said is if they can get in there they will hop it around heaven what yeah check under the bed
Every night sweet tight. I don't have no rats here. Okay. Oh no one more good reason not to be there. No rats in Toronto just stars
In West Nile. Oh, that's right. You got plenty of West Nile there
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line boy. We are right intensive today
Perfect for QA M by the way
WQ AM
Oh
Nice talking to you
I missed it in the beener boy. He just couldn't bring him so probably wants the job back to her
I want you to think about that
About what given him just one more chance
Okay, time's up. Thanks
26 after one. Don't forget we got a tornado. There it is excellent news
You'll notice that we're seeing showers and thunderstorms extending south of Naples all the way out into the
The power looks like one big blob of rain
associated with tropical
Long rail continues to be a problem heavy rain and potential tornado tropical storm on rewershard man
Is just dumping it all over the state of Florida. Luckily most of it is in places that we don't like anywhere like Tampa
Wow and St. Pete were all in 90 if five-year-old assholes live
So we go with two. What was it weather dot com and temple terrace? Yes. Yes, the end cancelled cancelled. I just got through sand. Yeah
Where we just got you saying that for the 30-minute warning is over. I have it right on CNN right here
We'll have the latest on the former NBA pro. Oh no, there's Denise Rodman with a wedding dress on. Oh gee
And they also had a blurb on him before which I tried to block out of my mind speaking of blue blocker
I'm gonna tell you I might vomit if I actually verbalize this on here
It showed a picture of Michael Jordan and it said Jordan coming back again
Mm-hmm. Do you do you think that the world can handle that? I I think that the world will collapse
If that man pulls that again. You know what I'm saying
Hey, whatever one one word for Michael Jordan. Okay
Okay
Okay, 26 after one a QA and VIP sportsbook dot com is the best and the business man everybody on our radio station
Including people under the age of 10 who couldn't gamble if they're like dependent on it
Our peddler and sports books because everybody wants on the gravy train, you know they want your money
But are you ever gonna get it back? That's the question 99% of those bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica
But VIP sportsbook dot com is real class the best in the business that the oldest and the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands
Just ask your words. I can't believe he's that illiterate while he is he's good guy
But illiterate in the Netherlands 100% legal unlicensed just listen to me and call VIP sportsbook dot com
Don't listen to the dumb jox pay attention to me
Call one eight six six VIP bets because VIP sportsbook dot com is softwaters best sportsbook
Sun up now and you can bet all year long the softwaters football and basketball teams use free
You want to bet the dolphins it's 100 to 100 and after this Sunday good luck here
You want to bet the hurricanes? It's 100 to 100 so forget about the VIG
All sun-ups get a 20% cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus either
VIP sportsbook dot com that's how you find them online or call them toll-free if you don't have like your PC
Call one eight six six VIP bets. That's one eight six six VIP bets tell me heard all about it on QAM
VIP sportsbook dot com where you always are the VIP
I'm local
This is five cities the radio is all yours
QAM
I'm watching your phone
I'm watching your phone
Are you sure?
Hey basketball fans what could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk
How about watching them get dunked in the slammer you can with the all new NBA
criminally
Yes all your favorite players on the court are now in court. This will be Bryant
Here are our strong demons down a mile
Glenn Robinson Chris Weber Jerry Stackhouse and of course Alan Iverson
When all the NBA superstars are in lockdown the action is locked up the NBA criminal
Ah
Violent prisoner
They've gone from committing fouls to committing penalties and you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league
See there, man. That's it. That's what I call it. They're balls the NBA criminal
I love these gangsters
132 a 560 wq and you want to hear the second race from Belmont okay
With the great time Durkin is it too late to bet
Oh, that's right. Let's call off BFP sportsbook dot com and pledge our brains out. There's a six horse going in the gate
I think it's probably going to be time Durkin it better be it makes me look kind of stupid, you know
There's a seven waiting for juggerbog
Gold finger
That guy that must be Marshall cancels boyfriend
Oh possible food and water contamination in Iraq
No, you got to be kidding me. They just made that up. It's more that the liberal kame pico propaganda
There's the eight horse going and how many courses in this field by the way George
Isn't that great though that you can hear you can hear the um the
The
He'll be the the posts on the on the turf on the ground
And his eight doesn't want to go in the gate, you know just come on push that bastard in there
See that's what I hate about terber racing
Man it's itchy itchy around but before they get him in a damn gate and you know
They don't want to go in there. You wonder why they don't want to go in there why they want to go back to the barn
Eat some hay and just take a big dump. That's all hey
I want to go running around with some schmucks sitting under back when you want to run around the track with seven mucky sitting on your back
No, this eight horse ain't going and so like I said Tom or whoever you are calling the race we don't have time
Taking three guys trying to push this poor little look at that. He's uh weird up in the air. I love it
Don't you love it when they like throw the jockey about a hundred yards? He did as long as he doesn't get hurt
Of course five six seven oh five sixty you've never been to the track in your life
I've been to once each the Pomodom park once and called her and Gulfstream one each
But not to Hyalia no
Well, why not that's where all you people are supposed to go
It's short people. We're gonna. It's the jockey and the jockey had to get off now
They're gonna try to load the eight horse without the jockey. Don't forget about it. You kid me
This horse don't want no part of this routine
Wtq. I am
Hey, good after yes sir. When is to you? How you doing?
I'm out of work for the weekend. What could be better? Listen, I yeah, I gotta give you some credit about horse racing um
You rekindled my interest in it and it's something you haven't played in ages and that I don't have it
The you're talking about that Sunday silence easy go or thing with time working
Well, you're squeaking in the chair because it's right from the horses ass. I don't have that. Oh man
He he is the king man. There's no
The nominal and that's why I was gonna put this on because I just went to the racing channel and
Yeah, and they're off
Number eight gold flinger unseated the rider
How do you like that? If the start this aid was acting up
He unseated the rider when he came out of the gate. He rubber top is out. This guy's terrible
The one that does the races on they went Thomas out the
snoozing
But anyway for major league talent, but I'm telling you you play that call I would get goosebumps
How many times I heard it and have the same effect every time so
Some of the sounds is one of my favorite horses. I love that. I don't know why I just love that horse
Yeah, I actually I like the horse I like
The aim because that's one of the things I look forward to the violence on Sundays exactly
So have a lovely weekend and you two thanks. Thanks, Polly
Oh, yeah, that in horse through the road. How do you like that? Wasn't that a propitious moment to be looking at that thing?
I don't know what turned it off. Wish I'd seen it. I went and better wipe off my propicia
We got 145 hosts for OJ man. He is all alone. There ain't nobody near him if you could boot one person out of South Florida
Who would it be?
OJ has got 145 votes
And that's out of 432. I mean he is off to the races
Moe Howard David had no as to know is speaking of horse races with Ann Coulter
Moe's got 64 and Anne's got 63
Maybe we could make a package deal on Greyhound bus
Alex Pinga Pakenia 31
Miriam elephant 24 H Wayne Hypinga 18 out of sight out of mind
There was a time when he would have been maybe you right up there on OJ's ass
But nobody key small potatoes now
Jose Kansako 17
Reverend James Kennedy 16 Rick Sances only 16 now that's pretty surprising
You know what he's been on there long enough now to be up there in the on the leaderboard on shocked and dismayed
on the leader hosen
Maris Grisci has his got 10 miss Matt Fudge has got only seven
Gloria Stefan seven that's a good match
Cas Mousmacho Matt Fudge or Gloria Stefan nope no contest
Jay Fielers got five
Spilky's Nereyes 3 Jeff Rimmer got a pair
Mickey Harrison won and Dwight Lottardale's got one
Somebody out there had a stick at the port Dwight
WDQ I am
Right there Max
Yeah it's interesting but line six it's always him how does he do that?
It's the magic line
Is that the magic line?
WDQ I am
Neil I got someone for your poll
Yes
Ike Siemens
Ike Siemens he is an old asshole I will put him on there but he's so pathetic I mean I don't I don't think he could handle it
I think just to trip up to the state line that would be the end of him
So let's do it
We'll get some damn votes
Okay thank you
You've got it Ike Siemens Fuddy that he old Ike Siemens who's always sucking around sucking air Mickey Errissen's ass
And I always tell you you're an idiot Ike the fact that they keep you know
Dustin off the Amat Balls and dragging him out of the broom closet is so sad on NBC six you know
Joe Roses they ought to send him to the nether world
That's what he said
So isn't quite sure where that is but the nether lands come on show what I mean I know the metal lands you know that
Yeah, but not the nether lands
Joe needs to get out a little bit more see the only problem is he has a tough time at customs with that big head
Lot of times they tell him to check it you could smuggle a lot in there. Oh, I you can you would just imagine wow
Just inside the left ear
WQ I am
Yes sir
Go ahead give us a suggestion. I thought we already finished that go ahead
Who is it what a giveaway oh
Oh Carlos yeah freaking Carlos
Now he must have all the naked pictures of Greg with screw in and with Phyllis and with the certain other one
He must have those naked pictures from over the years
What other reason could they or maybe he's got the pictures of Kid Korean Anna squeak
Those intimate pictures and album
Five six hour maybe he's got the pictures with Joe Castello and what's your name?
What's his personal friend bow Griffin
Good
In that fist fight oh that I'm so sorry. I missed that
That's one of the few things that I feel I really missed out on by not being there most of the time
Which usually it lights me well I wasn't in the room, but I wish I had been
Who the hell are you and who you talking to
He was some piece of work by the way we ought to talk about her little bit you know about bow
But I guess not well, we better not all right
No, she's the kind of broad that'll come back and you know like start suing everybody. She's just yeah you are that
Just that much
21 till two at five sixty w two o'clock means the gym mad dog man that show right
We'll be in rare form today because the regular season now all the four plates gone all those meaningless exhibition games
And I know he said and everybody else's will be glad when it's over and it is it's done finito baby
Now the real guys the real man will put on the jog straps except the course that often game because they're playing a girls team
So it'll be the real dolphins against the real little girls Houston on Sunday
But he's all whipped up in part of and the only thing of course he's wishing is that Bill Zimper would come back
We're supporting you five six
You am
On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
five sixty w two a.m. Presents the Joe and Bo Joe
starring Joe Costello and Bo Griffith
In day go five six seven oh five sixty mobile users dial down five
Six to tax Joe and Bo call three oh five six five oh one nine eight
Now here's Joe and Bo
Well, I've never put on time
The kind of rad that I've been doing around
Oh, what you see too
Play it all the time
You said it I didn't say what I said you said that we're not man
What is your problem?
You just never got over Cleo stealing your gig
What do you say you heard me what you say I said you know who I am
I am the great
Bull Griffith
I have you know I carry a lot of weight around here. Yes. You carry it around here and around here and around here
Oh, I want no why who can ask file and try
Un
Get your wife
What's going on
It takes the last building
Dead
I moan here
Everyone is mad, mad!
Stay in thpp!
Be careful with that, life.
It's nothing I've got to do.
Hooh, hooh, hooh!
Hooh, hooh, hooh!
Hooh, hooh, hooh hooh!
145. Maybe Bo is spending her spare time in the Netherlands. She probably have a good time over there. You know what all those? Yeah, what? Anyway, Jane, whatever.
What about regular faxers and for Lauderdale says it's a story about a rat, but I don't really understand it. Well, I mean, I do understand it.
But at the end is a sentence here about rats are one of the few animals love humans that have benefited from human screwing up the planet.
Oh, yeah, do you understand that? Absolutely. They have thrived because of us.
Well, I see they love humans because they've benefited from us. It's whatever.
Okay. Thank you, Jane. It's a story about how mom fighting a rat coming up the old toilet of the old bowl. Yeah.
567. I don't want to hear about that. No, no more. No more rat stories. Grosses me out.
Mouse don't bother me. I know that fact. Trish Draper was telling me speaking of Troy the boy.
He was saying to me even like a little mouse, he gets all freaked out. Now that's pretty that you got to be a real pussy.
I think dark folks get freaked out by a rodents, you know what? End spiders and snakes. All of these things.
153 votes for OJ to bad all of those things didn't cross the path of Nicole and Ron that night and chase his awful murdering ass away.
They'd still be here today. Maybe OJ 153 and quarter 67. But they despised that bitch and then rightfully so right wing slud.
Howard David and 66 continue his following right with his nose on her ass.
Alex Pinga, Peking of 33. Mirror in Elephant Elephant 26. Wayne High Pinga 20.
Reverend Kennedy's moved into a double digit. 18 Jose Conzucco 17. Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
Out of sight out of mind 17. And also in double digits. Gloria Stefan and Maris Greacy.
I still have an I'd like to see the two of them together. And amen. I just do.
WQ AM the bizarre line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. This is John Catele.
And I was just wondering if you were talking about plasma TV's little earlier.
And I was wondering if anybody out there knows what the deal is with the eBay on those plasmas.
You can negotiate a plasma TV from $2,000 for the same thing that cost 10,000 in the stores.
Right. And it's free shipping and they pay the all wanted and everything.
And I was negotiating with two of one with a 50 inch Sony along with the other.
And there was you were bidding on it on eBay. No, no, I wasn't bidding. I was going to buy it out right.
Oh, I see. And it was $2,000 for the Pioneer in the same exact thing sells for $9,000 over it's figures.
Wow. And the same thing with a 50 inch Sony television. And I was just wondering if that's a rip off or what?
It does fill up the truck. Party. Scratch and sell.
No, they say it's brand new in the box. Never opened.
Well, anyway, you test it out and we'll let us know how you make out.
Well, I'm going to I don't know. The other problem is is you negotiate with them.
And they're both of the two that I negotiated with one is initially and one is in Germany.
Like I said, forget about it. We're going to those three famous words. Forget about it.
The other thing that I wanted to tell you years ago in 1997, you're the responsible for me driving more Corvette.
I listen to you. Excellent. Magnificent choice.
And back in 1997, you were talking about him. I was ready to get rid of my little Cadillac that I had.
And I went out and I bought one up in Sanford Ford. I still have its brand new fit in my garage.
Greatest thing ever invented. And I love it. You still have to go.
I'll pay you, I'll pay you, I'll pay you, I'll pay you. Have a great weekend.
Thank you. Thanks. Don't do that eBay thing. You're coming from Germany and from Italy.
Well, later, right? You know, piece by piece. Right. East Pina. Goody. It's good. Sooner or later.
560, 7.0560, 560, Audi 18 and T for Eisenwarlus line. Big sports weekend coming up.
Man, wow. Can you, can you, can you smell the pressure or what?
Especially on this radio station, man, where we're not, we're not just into what we're obsessed with.
I want to blame clearance for that whole Scott Jr episode. I don't want to get out of here for the weekend before I really just rip him an ass.
Okay. No, seriously, it's his fault. I mean, it's nice that he gets my paycheck on time.
Since that's the only reason I'm really here, but we just need to come by. He was, you know, but he's not, he's just let it ride.
You know, it's not satisfactory. It's unacceptable in this place really to let somebody just drop the balls.
That's what the B said. He dropped the balls right on the floor.
Not good, clearance. Butch up a little bit, sweetheart. I know in your case, it ain't easy. But give it a shot.
Dickey. WQ, WQ AM.
Yes, sir. Yeah, respond to the guy about the eBay TV. Right.
It's a what?
Well, that's right. It's the PAL format because it's in the year of it. That's a good point and he won't be able to watch it.
There you go.
Thank you, pal.
Tell me, he's like, you're breaking up. Probably got a PAL phone.
I didn't know there was such a thing as a PAL format TV. Now I had that beautiful TV that load TV in Amsterdam. But that's a great set.
Yeah, but I didn't know that the TVs are like an F format. I know that the VCRs are. Huh? I don't know anything about it.
Yeah, you do because you know that I have a VCR that's like both. It goes both ways. AC and DCs.
I mean, like you, I didn't know if that the TVs were not. I don't know. I really don't know.
But it anyway, it'll probably be in about a hundred pieces. In other words, don't do it. We're begging you. Don't do it, pal.
You're a young guy. You got your whole life ahead of you.
I am lost. This is 20.00.
Q AM.
Try day. You bastard.
First, it was a hit on MTV. Then a number one movie.
Now it's coming to Broadway. It's Jackass The Musical.
starring Johnny Knoxville.
Hello, Johnny. Spread your jeans.
Johnny, it's so fun to punch you right there in the hooch.
Yes, all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtunes to create
Jackass The Musical. The music, the dancing, the guy eating a yellow snowcoat.
It was better than cats. 76 dumb guys, patching all the bars. 76, high-pitched fields of pain.
Don't miss Jackass The Musical.
With all your favorite Jackass' onstage singing torch songs, then setting their hair on fire with them.
I'm Steve O. I'm Steve O. I'm just breaking local. I'm hurting myself today.
A great whiteway has just turned black and blue. Thanks to Jackass The Musical.
155-560-WQM. You'll be amazed when I announce to you.
Okay. That I am fully clothed. Well, I have on my shirt my pantaloons, my socks, my shoes, my hair is brushed neatly.
I have all of my spritzes under my arm on my twist.
Good. Thanks for not telling us to do the good work for me. I look good considering the best it's I can do.
Huh? Yeah. In other words, when it comes to a clock, I'm ready to fly out that door.
Not any special reason you understand. I'm just ready to fly out that door.
In fact, you'll be able to hear me singing all the way down there.
I am Celia Cruz and I am dead now. But I remember when I was alive.
And you know something, so another ring in my phone right now. Can you hear it?
Hold the camera. Hold the camera.
Real comedians, man. Trust me when I tell you.
I am Celia Cruz and I am dead now.
Okay. Just calm down. Back in the box.
560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good.
Well, God be trying to call for while. You'll be in set up by friend as a repeat customer.
And here's how it's supposed to work from your right hand.
I can barely hear this call, Miguel. How about now?
Much better. All right. You'll be in set up a little bit. It's called a repetitive business.
The way it's supposed to work, when it comes to your inspection, here's a go up there and look for the dropping.
Then a black light, you look for the urine track. Feel your house. Then you can use the peanut butter in the traps.
When they put the peanut butter in the traps first, right? And it tracks them. Then they'll feel your house.
And then they'll catch the ones that are in there. But then they're going to find the way back in there because they know where that peanut butter was.
And you're going to have to call them back again and do the thing over and over again.
How are they going to get back in there if they really see what I'm right?
They don't find the way. They don't take hold of your concrete. They go through concrete.
And they do is they feel your house with that foaming agent like that one caller said.
And eventually they'll eat right through that. They wouldn't get it and they'll eat right through that.
They'll eat the insulation of the air-glued things up. They'll try their way right back to where they knew that it was.
I think it's time to call into rap patrol myself.
Second, for your poll, I've been trying to get through to it. I don't know his name. I think it's Rao.
Who would that chew an attorney in Miami? He calls all those problems with the green teeth?
Rao and Saul Sanchez. Rao and Saul Sanchez.
He needs to get that and get it out of Florida.
Yeah, he needs to get back to those beautiful hotels in Havana.
And for your poll, Jose Casaco lives in Tampa and wife and kids are all lives in Miami.
He's got a house there though.
Yeah, his wife has a house there.
And he's constantly in jail there. But okay, I have a birthday appalling. We're getting one and a dog through him out.
And he's got a street name there from the summer. Miami lakes you someplace?
In front of Coral Park.
Sick place. It's where?
In front of Coral Park High School.
Wow, he's amazing.
And that embarrassing.
What a great role model for the kids there.
In Coral Park High School.
Wow.
Oh, well, of course, if they ever get any trouble, he can always protect him with his piece.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
That thing with a guy talking about the rascal man, then the son of promising, didn't?
No, I know what he was talking about.
Maybe to seal your house first. Then they put the bait in the house.
Did you see him?
He'll be at the rules and I'll be at the house.
He'll be at the house.
I'll seal your house.
I know a seal that cruise, but I don't know a seal your house.
Oh, he hasn't hit.
Yeah.
Now, what were you going to say?
It's very important that I'm sure that he made a good point that I hadn't thought of before.
If you don't seal the house first and then put the traps on there, then you have the situation that you have right now.
That you're just drawing in rats from the hood like you've been saying.
Yeah, but he's saying that even in other words afterwards, once they put the peanut butter in there, they're going to smell it.
Even after they take the traps out, they might as well be possible.
It's possible.
Or they're going to remember where the peanut butter was.
I don't think they're that smart.
That's why I'm a little smarter than most of our sales people.
I prefer to defer to experts.
Do you mean the experts that are like charging me per rat that they can?
Oh, the ones that don't.
Oh, in other words, they're friends at ATM.
You've heard them like that.
I have no problem with that.
I think they're the best.
I think they're great ATM friends.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
I think they're the best.
Okay, well we'll see Monday will give you a report.
Find out what all happens in my attic.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
It's always something to Florida, man.
If I need to boot photos, it's the rats.
Right?
Right?
I mean, so we got a little mad cow up here.
And we had a little SARS problem, a little West Nile virus,
and we had the attainted beef.
And we had the electric power outage.
You know, there's no place to run, no place to hide.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, what are you talking about?
I'm talking about there ain't no real paradise.
The mad dog's coming along, Massachusetts 2-4.
He's going to be whipped up into more friends.
He's going to be whipped up into more friends.
He's going to be in anticipation of this season's start on Sunday.
And of course, an anticipation to have it work with the Moe Master.
The Humper from the Crystal Palace in Bahamas at 4.
Bye, bye, bye.
Daniel Roger Show on 516-12-Q-A-A.
Move my name for LaRale.
Dickie.
Have you seen Loulee?
