Friday night is in the White House doing all his presidential bill.
He's there in the Oval Office though he's not sure what an oval is.
His practice in his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze.
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from Iran, your ear will ease.
Saturday he's still no smarter.
Things went in the center, central gold.
You could say his brain is useless, kind of like the Chinese clocked up, ventricles.
Now he goes to give the speech with words his bow cap cannot reach. He looks so brave.
But he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make.
He can't spell, he cannot run out loud.
He can't speak so what he says is always in doubt.
You'll never clue, you'll bring it instead.
So he just babbles on.
Babbles on.
He's got to give that ain't too bad.
Same occupation as dad once had closes his eyes when he counts to ten.
Helps him to remember all of them.
Like the bush we had before he's got the same name on the Oval Office store.
He's in there thinking unlike Clinton.
How to make this country wonderful again.
Open George W. You ain't like his dad when he courtesit more to bomb back dad.
If Saddam wants another fight it might scare George and make him want to cry.
Close his eyes when it goes to betting dreams of the recount making smile.
If you're better when you hear him say.
The USA will be wonderful someday.
He might promise us everything that don't need spittle and he's got to change me.
To blame if something goes wrong.
Once the press gets to him he'll realize the impressive ain't so wonderful.
Mal.
Mal.
Good morning, happy new year to you.
It's 9.04.56.00 WQAM.
For those of you who haven't figured this out it's not George and it's not Neil.
This is Carlos. I will be taking requests and playing some best of Neil tapes today.
So give me a call off the air and I'll be happy to play anything you got.
I'm honored to welcome so many people who devote their lives to the well-being of others,
to the Rose Garden here in the White House.
There are around 5 million hardcore users of the illegal drugs in America today.
We must do and we will do drugs.
We must increase the floor drugs into America.
This will make working in close cooperation with Mexico a priority.
And we emphatically disagree.
There are American hearts being laid down in the bottom of our chests.
About that special feeling we get in the cockles of our hearts.
Maybe below the cockles, maybe in the subcock area, maybe in the liver.
Maybe in the kidneys. Maybe even in the colon. We don't know.
I'm just a regular Joe with a regular job.
I'm your average white suburbanites.
I like football and porn, I'm books about war.
I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor, my wife and my job,
my kids and my car. I'll feed on my table and a cube of six ago.
But sometimes I just paint it up to keep a man like me.
No way. No, I've got to go out and have fun.
It's someone else's expense.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I try really slow in the ultra fast lane while people behind me are going insane.
I use public toilets and I piss on the seat.
I walk around in the summer time saying, how about this heat?
I'm on a story.
Sometimes I park in the handicap spaces while handicaps people make handicaps and faces.
I'm on a story.
I'm on a story.
Maybe I shouldn't be singing this song.
Ranting and raping and carrying on.
Maybe they're right where they tell me I'm wrong.
I'm on an extra wheelie.
Come on up to the road.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to get myself a 1967 Cadillac Yolderado convertible.
I paint with a whale skin off the caps and all other cow and carrier and big brown baby
and I see a lion's red head lights.
I'm going to cry around on that baby at 150 miles per hour, getting one mile per gallon.
I'm on a port of mountains, burgers and McDonald's, the old fashioned not by the great old style of home containers.
I'm going to run second down those grease ball burgers, I'm going to wipe my mom with the American flag
and then I'm going to toss the style of home containers right off the side.
And then I'm going to cut them thing anybody can do about it.
You know why?
Because we got the bomb. That's why.
Two words, nuclear f**king weapons.
So they rush a Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want.
They can have a fifth democracy, cake walk right through the middle of the enemy square.
I don't make a lick of difference because we ain't got the bomb.
So they've done ways.
Now then, he's frozen and as soon as we find a cure for cancer we're going to throw out the Duke.
And he's going to be pretty pissed off.
You know why?
If the government's taking a cold shower, we multiply that by 15 million times.
That's how pissed off the Duke's going to be.
I'm going to go to the Duke and John gets a lady and we marmin' a Sampeck and a B.
And a case of a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a man and a
man and a man and a man
know that shut up once and ask the question you answer the question moron you
asshole
all
wait hang on must be a must be a lot of the shovel you buried him
got his head kept asking the question how would you know that I know he
kept repeating himself over and over again you know it sounds like to me another
one of the trained monkeys that listen to ginger Rogers
because that's always got his trained monkeys that listen to that jackass
don't don't don't and that's why I think I've just don't have a
championship season and when I tell you you don't talk
the life say you can talk this is the beast I said shut up that's all
that you're like a father to me you don't talk to lumb done talking
when I'm done talking then you talk okay I'll be coming
come here I want you to meet a friend of mine Mr. Golf Club
why I heard a
I'm gonna show you the business and then it's the coming
this court sentences you to 20 years in ours
what you info I heard to the tag off my mattress look like we'll be your bookmates
the names more holiday than Starer stage screen and paradise what's yours
all right but I expect a print apology I might just put that
blue man above that yellow
I'll take the front
the warden will see you now thanks
well Mr. David
hello warlin
Joe Jack Jack Warden how can it help you see more than
yeah I keep getting raped to his advantage
yeah I look into it right away thanks a lot of time somebody's out drop your
pack I said drop your pack this is all
favors don't come to you
yo yo let's rape oh really oh big shot that's how we pass the time away
in the geojailer house
never watched his hair or seem to have a care
Kobe his name was Kurt now he's pushing
up dirt Kobe
why
thing drew from his chin doing heroin Kobe
nerve-wrong was hot and now it's curt they ain't got Kobe
he got high sick good bye then he died Kobe
made a million and I will never took a shower Kobe
he's a number one hit in heaven big much pit Kobe
he'll be Elvis the King and say grunge was my thing Kobe
so if you're filled with doubt don't take
hurts way out Kobe he got high sick good bye then he died Kobe
when he was alive back in 1489 he was a little guy who stood
for foot five kind around and faced he with a couple of
kids and he was in charge of the Vatican Pope John
you see the folks and freaks to get married back then and spread the money
round to their offspring and kids so the
bankers at the Vatican may marriage his sin and that
knows the problem for his husband in him
Pope John the scat the secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl
under that dress back then they all dressed in drag that helped keep it
because if anyone found out he lose the game Pope John
Pope John Pope John Pope by his John
one windy day is dressed blew up in a dust and someone yelled hey that guy has no
nuts and like Marilyn Monroe is skirt below high and
everyone knew it was the end of the line for Pope John
and Barristan worried the bank would go broke the Vatican
Jimmy's Melf's doubt holy smoke from history spin doctors had this a
race not long after they had this greatly replaced Pope John
Pope John Pope by his John
they buried him or her out of public view and a tomb held together with
Scott taping glue these few words are written on his tomb we pray that
everybody will forget about you Pope John Pope John Pope John Pope by his John
now all the clinton spent their first night in
well thank you sir and welcome to our little town of
Chappacui hope your family will enjoy living here I think I will my daughter
Amanda and I have big to this little welcome to the neighborhood it's our
family recipe for pineapple upside down cake I like to take your pineapple anyway
upside down sideways thank you mr president
my mom no it was just a lady from next door
that's all I said I'll get it just sit down shut out
wait please there are boxes I can't believe well hello hello mr
Clinton I'm Elaine Crippkins keep your voice down are you the escort I know
sir I'm sorry if it's looking at do you
I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood well the escort's not here yet
so if you want jump on a little Charlie no sir all right well I'll sleep later I
will you whatever you're doing no it's just another neighbor you have to make some food or
why sweet Jesus the doorbells going crazy I get it I get it I get it great
Caesar's ghost hi Billy it's me Monica good got all my what do you think of my new
bond what are you doing here what but that house next door with my shitty
Craig money oh my god we'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000
no
oh
bills the cars and monikers the China
she lets out a gig oh when he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
well he don't know where a stoke goes I can see how there was some confusion between
human door and human horror and then I can saw the term cedar box means saw her naked stars
reportedly to go in blind now Clinton he was working hard late nights in the overy office
working on a practical joke he took him back a new door put an explode in
loading for Monica was blowing rings a smoke
oh
bills the cars and monikers the China
she lets out a gig oh every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband
feel that Hillary was wrong
up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning moaning our door was doing her with bills old
mom
bills the cars and monikers the China
she lets out a gig oh every friggin time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do
in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
oh candy
yeah just master is faster oh yeah
what you gotta do is take a tip of a rillow
and put in a brown oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah
what you gotta do
what you gotta do
how a stoner's feel
you know real high
so you ask the brownies
we're gonna have hot so glorious and they hate to know it's curious so I asked my mom for some
candy bus to poke before we're long to bus
come up friends to love the park every day you're in out we just can't stop one day we
didn't even tilt up in the cup for gonna bake that hook up say I'll plate my seats
seats seats for my week we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we for my
bang let me smoke that phone
they will be that bomb the bomb bomb bomb love when I smoke the bomb just like you can
don't yeah yeah that bomb the bomb bomb bomb look at that hot so glorious
that they hate to know it's curious so I asked my mom for some candy bus you to smoke before
school on the bus come up friends to love the park every day you're in out we just can't stop one day
we even tilt up in the cup we're gonna bake that hook up say I'll plate my seats
seats for my week we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we for my
bang let me smoke that phone baby that bomb bomb bomb love when I smoke the bomb just like you can
charge yeah yeah that bomb bomb bomb bomb hey Jimmy man yeah yeah pass it right over here
oh yeah that's so good
oh
oh
oh
yeah
I be rolling with the chum glow with my anyone
yeah
yeah
yeah
and if I have the bus they can I just say I didn't do it
yeah
yeah
yeah
I just do crack city I go to the third world and answer out the club on who be buying my
yeah
yeah
they go and do crack city do the floating night clubs yeah
I be going through crack city and they stab in my blood
without me going to crack city and unload my junk I never go to crack city without packing my
gun yeah
to rock
oh every
I
I
I
know that every now and then I sell some crack to a wide dude
crack city
here I be
some with fuck boy in the intersection working for free
crack city
here I be
well I be cruising by the verbal house with no windows
and be nagging on my wish a sheba favorite home
oh
oh
oh
yeah
go and do crack city and I go to sell my crack
let me go and do crack city you can count on that
I'll be going to crack city and blast my ram
I'll be going to crack city because I'll be bad yeah
to rock
for every
I
I
know
I
know
I
know
I
know
I
I
know
know
I
know
I
know
know
Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the dead it's the 20th anniversary of all of the family
all rookie there if you need y'all a week
daddy don't be such a cool
see now whatever happened to my little girl
look at this why don't you push yourself away from the table huh
maybe have a salad once in a while daddy
don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal again with a charity
speelot well it's true so why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast
I
I
thought she was pushing up days
oh
the last episode was all a bad tree
it seems so bad to me
but when we get back there be it
push the dead off and give me that a beer
that's 20th anniversary of all of the family Saturday night on CBS
brought to you by ibs home correspondent school where you can learn auto mechanics
get repair
the stuff will be
the other night was there a fight on the heart of july
because now his cousin's dead
I'll ball it in the head
what happened we don't know
something fishy smells but he won't tell
so we'll ask Brian
what did you do
Brian
what did you do
seems not so long
he was standing on his folks lawn and he was crying
crying
crying
crying
it's hard to understand
it wasn't as
so then
with two shots lying
I don't know why your age and crew claims the cops report so true
I want to know some more so tell me what's the score
Brian what did you do
accidentally
or just maybe
you're lying
what did you do
oh
what did you do
yes
now he's gone
and from this moment on
we're asking why
why
why
why
why
why
why
why
why
why
yes sir yes
I wanted to talk to you about
two biggest
about one
and boats that you talked about earlier
about one
biggest
cars and boats
now we're talking about bridges over the
causeway not the ones in your mouth
I don't have any of my friends
okay
yeah
calm down
before I put it deep breath
but it's regulated by the United States Corps of Engineers
you do that
did you
no
well it is all bridges over
navid blue waterway
if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking
see
but that
I said if I knew the answer to the question
I wouldn't have asked it in the first place
okay well all I'm saying sir
is that the United States Corps of Engineers
are the ones that regulate
bridges over
navid blue waterways
over one
navid blue waterway
yes sir okay
okay
yeah
so it's up to them to decide
what time
the bridges should not be open
to the marine traffic
yes
and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir
I'm telling you that they
come up with the times
well what is the time
I believe it's at wish our times sir
that they are not open to marine traffic
other than that they are open to marine traffic
so in other words any schlep with a boat can come along and back up traffic
for too long
that is absolutely correct sir
well what kind of a comment is much a crap is that
that is not a communist bunch of crap sir
sounds like some kind of the end of all
fascist honey pinko
you got five people in the blue
beos to one boat
wait exactly
the boat is going to stop the 5,000 cars
is that it?
no I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jack as in his boat
I think that's what they ought to do
man you better know your laws mr because you sure don't
that's right
I suppose you want the van brigad closed
to both traffic and the hurricane too
I want the bridges closed period okay
I want them closed I want the bridge
tent to go home and watch
his MTV and get the hell out of our life
you know the way I want those bridges closed
let him use the junior tunnel okay
you know I don't know the concept
cause I think the all of the
go on a George Washington bridge and jump
all of bridge tenders how do you like that sir
well I don't know about you
but you shot like some stupid idiotic
dumb
hello mr. rocker
how you doing?
I have a crib boy
excuse me
first up sir we will do the roachak test
if they love when you roll your tongue like that
all your boyfriends uh excuse me
the guy I got the
uh the roachak test is uh in blots
as they say in english and I will show you these in blots
and you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind
hey yeah yeah yeah
come looking
okay what do you think this is?
formal
uh and this
let's go
okay and this one
infected Haitian
all right how about this
Bobby Valentine riding the baloney pony
interesting what let's move along shall we?
uh let's try some word association
I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing
that pops into your head
idiot no mr. rocker we haven't started yet
all right here we go
dog Venus
cat microwave
the color blue
where? uh you know John why don't we try waiting a moment before you
respond jerk mr. rocker I only wish to be a friend
why you got me on his couch doc?
you'll know what? you fight boy
John I'm a married man sure yeah what's your wife's name Chuck?
no actually it's gladis
yeah you're gladisering out that you're a fat boy
come out of here
woo why are you running?
stop running John
John are you a wild thing?
do you make my heart sing?
yeah
hi this is jocelyn elders and I'm mad
mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force bill clinton fire me
just order the hell they think they are
all I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers
maybe if jesse hums at both the chapel new gang rich have butters of corn a little
more there wouldn't be so uptight
flogging the dog never hurt anybody and if people did a little more of it we
might say some lies hell if clinton just stayed home and spanked a monkey
he'd even be in less hot water teaching kids about masturbation would be
no big deal we could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them
around a little bit like see dick run when you see dick run
get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of crouch crickets
folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in
there are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking there yacht
in hair harbor now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle
pump the python walk the door wax the carrot or tickle the taco
we'd all be better off and that's all I have to say
now i'm going home now i see if mr. elders wants to pop it into toaster
inhale oyster and buzz the brillo
in toy stores now from the makers of tickle me Elmo it's the all new take that
thing out of me Elmo mom Elmo's taking my temperature with his hand
the new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon the vibrating Elmo
mom i think i'm falling in love with Elmo
wow in toy stores now
there's a good christian those again to make it's not so very hard to do
the name of the game is the bible says if you are prepared to where we do tell
people you know the way invite them to your house
make their possessions away and then you turn it down
you can get somebody to believe that i think that you make the bible say it's true
the bible the bible no matter what you do you can be
glory the Lord will always forgive you pick up the poison and snakes
and bible say wave it all around bible say find the portions
linest and bible say and shoot a doctor down
everybody clear all we've been okay
you
come on you don't leave public
beat the crap out of your kiss
your juderaddily bow
bible say go on a scale from it
bible say and touch the play around
bible say find all the chickens dead
bible say to make a sacrifice
you've got the hind of it now
the bible say the bible
on
line
i'm Christian
choice
sure
tell the box
box
you'veed land
The power is the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the
power, the power, the power, the power, power, oh, the power, electricity, power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the stars' power...
They've got a lot of power, they're all new to our service, those are all new to our service machine, what are they all?
The Pope is getting higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher
the top, the top, the top, the top
couple days trying to reach me you've called people i have been invented yet you
called that relative of mine what's the story of the
we're working on a story about uh... the city here promoting on your website
yeah called kissa i won't say it and word good morning
either are you listening to the show
i guess i am i've been listening to a couple days and just you know we are
did you did you hear me go through the entire uh... rationale what that that
song had nothing to do with kindleysa rice
what about the song kindleysa kindleysa that has that that's obviously about
kindleysa and i want to know why you're why you're playing this on your show
i see i'd like to know why you know that this is really interesting
why are you calling me asking me why should play this we make we have song
parodies about bill clinton dozens of them nobody ever complained about that
we have some parodies about al Gore dozens of them nobody ever complained about
those
about that i think i think american folks up in here in the york were pre-offended
by it and you want to let me say this to you care we're not in new york
uh... okay we don't broadcast in the york were on wqm in my army and and
effect of the matter is that i'm not except for people like you and the people
at the that right wing newsmax dot com will make a big simmiss about this
if we're for that they wouldn't be aware that we exist
the over the month this organization that up
offended by it as a national organization but but the fact of the fact of the
matter is we've been playing these songs for many many many months we've never
had one single complaint and when interlopers like you from outside like from
fox news are from some right wing website want to tell us what i mean for you
to ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it
okay me i want what's coming what is it what is it what is it what is it do for
you what is it called it's called comedy that's what it's called you have a sense
of humor do you think it's funny how uh... they call connolly the right in and it's
in it in it in it in it in it in it in it in it in it in it in it well here you
bella funny called her the house Negro case of a color whatever we want
but this is a little bit different i mean it's not good it's not the least bit
different she is the house they receive people at fox made out understand this
not everybody in the world is the right wing or like we put more dot they're
actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal whatever we are
who also have the right to speak to express whatever help we want
so it's a what repeat again what you just had for me there you think she is a
what
she's the house negro
and you don't find anything wrong with that
well what you mean wrong with that it's a fact that's my opinion in my title
my opinion you're certainly a
and i don't hear
that's basically that's basically what harry bella fauna said as well and
obviously this is why nobody returned your calls
uh...
whether whatever your name is
uh... because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and
take something out of context
when i asked you to do that
did you listen did you listen to your not to be a plan
we're not doing the ballerade show pay its my show and i'm not going to have
you scream over me you try to talk to me okay it's not going to work
okay uh... you know i asked you in the beginning of the conversation which i
was very common i think you did you hear me explain the origin of that song
the rest of the two-ton song
the fact of the matter is that i don't know i'm sure he must have been on your
channel randal kennedy the black author wrote the book nigger this range
career of a troublesome word
not that i'm aware of while he was certainly on cnn he was on msnbc
maybe it was on fox because he wasn't that i don't know maybe just didn't
weren't aware of it
we can be a question
are you are you aware of that book
you portray yourself to be the sort of liberal voice
but you're
man i'm i don't portrayal for labels on the amount of the example of the
what would you call yourself a human being you see you people on fox
it's this all liberal and a conservative that stuff went out with high-button
shoes of the
thinking living and
in addition to why do i have to and my any florida answer to some assholes in
new york on fox news how i do my show what is it your business
there are a lot of people who can there are people in my amy they care about it
too who are they your calling are they name me one person my amy who's
considered about it
both we know down there certainly and i've got name me one
two look name me one it's offensive
name me one name me one of a very high i don't care what you say we don't
we don't like college okay have a nice day okay
we're calling her whatever we feel like honor she's a public god damn figure
and blow it out your right-wing ass and you and will and by the way or Ali didn't make the number zero
we really like to
fuck you oh yeah fox news and the
oh we really like to
fuck you we really like to
fuck you're a fine looking fascist and the perfect little nazi
i want to build their coffee through your soil panties
this starting news looking swell gets sweet
planting your lips like em cold your roast beef
fox news and the oh we really like to
fuck you oh yeah fox news and the oh we really like to
fuck you we really like to
fuck you
you ever think about your
country
oh
you want to go check three ways
sir you're really
hungry
you should be sick of that
the distant pig grows by between your
tongues
alphan in tastes like bubble gum
see you next time you need a story done
since it takes a little bit more to make you come
fox news and the oh we really like to
fuck you oh yeah fox news and the oh we really like to
fuck you this here senator trend law i'd like to
take this time until all good and loyal
americans to support our fearless leader
are you left as comic-baked go facts and got to ask
yourself what's it for all who's the real enemy of
america
president bush or saturday who say never mind our
osama in the sotties you just listen to me now
i know coward like this top-dashel who thinks serving in
an air force strategic commander via domosome
out of the end in our country no sir like any other
manly patriotic republican i don't
to plead and minister and wave my color for
pom-poms proudly kick it up my heels it's like this
oh
rad cash flows on my ankle socks back then
i'm too old to do a split anymore
oh but i can still wave fist and plume
it's raw raw
cis moon ball on the back on the back
pull the back
yeah
bush
oh that takes me back message paid for by corporate media giants who
brainwash your stupid ass
oh
in the far west of quiet far west the
wabbit sweeps tonight i sneak wide off i get
in tied off beneath the pale moonlight my
gone is wetty my hand is steady i've got it
man my side
don't wanna kill him just wanna dwell him i hope he's
nice and tight as i wave away i
Are we moway? Are we moway? Are we moway? Are we moway?
I wipe my dipstick upon his whipstick and thank him for the dance.
But he's no wavy, he's right-knit baby in the river ends.
Are we moway? Are we moway? Are we moway? Are we moway? Are we moway? Are we moway?
That's what I caught a splitting hairs.
What's up, dad?
Hello.
Hello, I was calling about the watt, but you have to settle in a paper.
What kind of wavits are they?
I have some lops.
I have some lops. Some spotty lops and some solid colored lops.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straight ear dough and I have two dwarfs.
What a dwarf.
They're small radies.
Oh, okay. We have a farm and we like to play with the wavits on a farm.
You wouldn't happen to have any like little wavit handcuffs.
Do you want?
Little handcuffs for a wavit.
A handcuffs?
Yes.
I'm sorry, I never heard of them.
What's going on?
Well, we used them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wavits.
And we take them and nail them to a tweed by their ears and in skin and moway.
Hello.
And now I think that's what you don't do at taste, rabbit.
Sir, I couldn't say you're a rabbit.
We have a little game we play called all wavits must die.
No, sir, no, sir, no, sir.
I wouldn't say you're a rabbit at first.
50 dollars.
I like to hunt the wavits.
Well, that's okay. You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits.
But they aren't for kill.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmaskably.
No, sir, I'm sorry.
And say you're a rabbit.
Sometimes we even spare them to the head with a wasty water.
Ooh, I need your love, John.
Yes, you know it's true.
I hope you'll need my love, John.
Just if this was for you, oh, oh, oh, me.
Touch me, use me, bust me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
I love you every day, John.
Just look straight after blinds.
I think this is my best side.
Get a tight shot of my behind.
Oh, oh, oh, me.
Touch me, use me, bust me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
It's just a low-ball average.
Eight times a day.
It's just a low-ball average.
Ooh, I need your love, John.
Yes, you know it's true.
I hope you'll need my love, John.
My house payment is you.
Oh, oh, oh, me.
Touch me, use me, bust me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
To teach my husband how to.
Eight times a day.
It's good to see you, Danny Quail.
Love me every day, John.
You're always on my tail.
Make me scream for pain, John.
Cause soon I'll be in jail.
Oh, oh, oh, me.
Touch me, use me, bust me.
I need my share of love, John.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
Eight times a day.
We are ECTIOs.
In direction time.
I'm gonna pick up my shoes, strip off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you get a big erection.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and a cup of juice.
And take it up my lubricated food shoes.
Give me an erection and they'll be to the wall.
E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N.
I wanna drink your balls.
I want your love and what we ought to be when you shoot your own thing.
And then I'll give it a blow.
Give the warning it gets and big it gets.
And we've done till you take up this.
I wanna wrap my lips around your cold thing too.
And make your wonder where we're going soon.
That's the way right, John.
And it's unferconcised.
E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N.
I wanna drink your balls.
E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N.
I wanna drink your balls.
Goodbye, Chris Barley.
You great big fatty.
Always acting like a great big fat dumb retard.
In every field you've ever made.
Too bad for David's fate.
His career could fade cause.
All he has left is that label.
TV show he won't be making bloody movies no more.
As he wants it to be just like John Balushi.
And have drawn candy's chips.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night.
But you were way too young to die.
To commit bad men to a side.
Goodbye, Chris Barley.
What did you eat to blow up like a big balloon.
Eating like a fool.
That would only bring you certain death.
The farmers are upset.
And all you left was some cable movies and a few pairs of your pants.
That will fill to make community poos.
And you wanted to be just like John Balushi.
And have drawn candy's chips.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
Your cast has been hold of piano.
That's six feet wide.
Now you reach the pizza in the sky.
You got so fat you died.
Chris Barley the night they had some broadon.
They're one of the tabloids shows last night.
The night before he croaked.
How much heroin and coke and fish food and whatever else he was doing.
All together.
And vodka on top of it.
You got to wash it down with some good vodka.
That's what Boris said.
It wasn't bad enough that he was doing a hero.
So he's dead Chris Barley.
This guy comparing.
Who cares about that.
Why don't we get all upset if they're beaten up their wife and their girlfriend.
Why don't we get upset about that.
How come nobody gave a crap at the Jimmy Johnson side of Lawrence Phillips who's up about a goddamn gangster.
How come that nobody cared about that.
But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not.
That really concerns me whether he's smoking marijuana.
Not whether he's going to be beaten women up all over the place.
What kind of mentality we be talking about in this country man.
We're talking about people.
They can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples.
And this crap about the NBA is going to do pot testing.
David Robinson says, oh yeah, we should all subject to it.
It's a no brainer.
The NBA has a no brainer.
Okay. It's for a bunch of illiterate freaks is what it is.
David Robinson.
You asshole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You sound pit dog.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm listening.
Okay. Well, anyway, on the second hand smoke with the marijuana.
I have a friend who basically did not smoke because of the government watching over him.
Yeah.
And he enjoys burning every couple of times.
So when he went to get a mandatory, you know, pissed us and he came back positive.
He told his, his probation officer, he's like, oh no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking.
Yeah.
And the probation officer gave him a bunch of like evidence.
I got a great bit for Bulk of Brian by the way of the two in a second hand row.
A second hand smoke, but anyway.
Go ahead.
Anyway, he says that the probation officer gave him a bunch of evidence about how much second hand smoke you had to be in exposed to for you to come back positive for even a miniscule amount.
You had to be in a room that was spogged up for a couple of hours, you know, constantly breathing it.
Yeah.
And I mean, if you smoke pot in the bath at any point, if you like to smoke that stuff and you're in a room and they've been smoking it for two hours,
you're going to tell me you're not going to take a hit or whatever.
And I mean, snowboarders.
So, so, so, so let me ask you so what I good did.
Well, no, wait, oh, I want to hear this about snowboarding. Let's hear this.
No, I mean, snowboarding into Olympics, who is not going to think that these snowboarders are not pot addicts?
Give me a big, all these guys are a bunch of pot addicts.
Pot addicts, oh yeah.
I mean, they are the biggest burnouts.
All the surfers I knew in high school.
Yes, surfers and snowboarders, there you go.
I love your logic, man. This is great.
I mean, just follow the bouncing dots.
Here we go from A to Z to T to, uh, to FU.
Okay, great, great job, pal. Excellent.
That could have been the greatest call in history.
Oh, man, those, those chronic pot heads, man, those snowboarders.
I wonder about Sandra Schmurler, the curler. I wonder what she's doing.
She's probably got her hair up in curlers that bitch.
Oh, and Sweden, by the way, when a woman's curling mites against Canada.
Oh, my God.
The Canadians, like 95% of all curlers in the world are Canadians,
and they already lost one match between that and maybe losing this gold medal.
They may never come out of hiding.
They may like start doing like the Eskimos and build igloos and go inside and never come out.
Come out, oot.
Here's a mobile lady in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
Good morning. I, this is the first time I'm calling you.
However, I listen to you for years and I do admire many of the things that you say.
But, however, I take issue a little bit this morning with the pot testing with regard to your employment.
There are some situations where it is very dangerous to smoke pot, particularly if you like to drink beer, lunch, or even have a drink at lunch,
and you mix it with the pot. There are things you can do that you normally wouldn't do.
Like what?
Well, for example, I know of a personal experience because it happened to be an insurance agent,
and we have a very serious situation that occurred in one of our insured business operation where the man did that just that at lunch time.
He came back and then the job that he had been working on for 10 years stuck his hand in the mixing bat and cut it off.
All right. Excellent. Well, I'll let him teach him. I guess he won't be doing that again.
No, I guess he won't.
So what's the problem?
Well, the problem is that drug testing on the job is in many cases very important.
And so if you smoke pot, you shouldn't be doing it while you're working.
I mean, maybe if you're working in a job in a job in a job.
Well, wait a minute. You said you shouldn't be doing it while you're working,
but if it stays in your system for up to a month, then how do you know when you're doing it?
Well, I suppose you smoke it recreationally on a weekend at home, not when you're on a job.
Well, I don't know very much about how long it stays in your system.
I just got through telling you up to a month.
What about beer testing after lunch?
Yeah, that's right. How about booze testing after lunch?
Well, let me tell you something.
How about those kind of...
How about those breathalyzer tests after lunch?
Well, I don't...
I mean, where do we stop this insanity is what I say?
Well, actually, I really do believe that we have become insane with testing,
except that in the case of drugs, it is a very important thing in some situation.
I'm not saying that we should be testing everybody for everything,
because we're losing totally our rights in this country.
We don't have any rights in this country. We have a right to be oppressed by a fascist police state is what we have.
We don't have any rights. This isn't a free country. It's a joke.
Hey, listen, we still have the right to talk to you about these things which makes it a right.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, we're limited as to what we can say.
Debbie, you still got to watch your language or the word police are going to come down and take you away.
Well, that's something else again. I don't agree with that either.
I think if you want to say all things, you can say them,
and that shouldn't be oppressed by anybody, and whether it's on the radio or TV or wherever.
But the point is that I don't know if you agree to this completely,
maybe impartially you agree that there are certain situations where drug testing,
whether it be marijuana or heroin or whatever, is an important factor.
I would say if you're working in a candy store, then they definitely should be able to drug testing.
You don't want somebody or any kind of a restaurant. They don't want you to have the profits.
Right, don't have a shop. That would be a good one.
Have a great day, sweetheart. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60.
Because God forbid, if you smoked weed like two weekends ago and you had a beer for lunch today,
we know that you are a danger to society. God forbid.
Pizza chef or delivery boys definitely.
Yeah, that's right. Chinese food delivery guy, Don Delawese, he would never.
And he didn't even have to smoke weed. How do you like that?
And he still had the munchies. He was a hungry boy.
He was just a big chubby, hungry guy. That's all.
And he ate all $40 worth of Chinese food on the way back to the house.
Can you imagine if they tested radio management for alcohol after lunch?
Oh, yeah. If they went up there right now.
Oh, my God. How about brain testing for management? That sounds good to me.
Of course, where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you doing Neil? Great.
I have a question. Yes.
I have two questions and then I want to say something about the fire.
How come you can't get ice cream like Italy here?
Because I have a lot of pistachio. I don't eat a lot of ice cream, but man, I used to eat it.
I eat it every day in Italy. The stash of ice cream in Italy.
Gelato sir, gelato is not ice cream. It's gelato. It's made with, doesn't have all that cream.
And it's not all that chalk and artificial crap.
It's made from all natural stuff. And they don't make it here.
You know, once in a while a place will come along and try to make good gelato.
And even if it is good, the public's taste here is so bad because they're busy eating
buyers and seal-fests and eat these that those places go out of business.
Man, I used to eat. I mean, I don't, I'm not an ice creamer, but I was eating it every day, twice a day.
Yeah. I mean, every little shop had it.
Well, when I go to Italy, I eat it a lot and I scream too.
Hey, and I have a question for George.
You guys used to have this commercial called Field Extreme Watches. Was it his voice, honey?
Yes. Oh, I thought.
Yeah, he apologizes profusely for it, too.
And about that, let me ask you a question.
If this guy would have been from Amsterdam or it's legal to smoke pot, what were they going to say to the guy?
Well, you know, it's interesting because that, now that is a good point.
Merriwana, they were just saying on CNN that Merriwana is not among the substances listed at the Olympics as being illegal,
but that it reverts back to the country and the laws there.
So if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player, of course they're not playing on soccer in the winter or a little bit,
but whatever the Dutch competitors are, ice skater, then it would not be a problem.
How do you like that? Canada says that's blatantly unfair in a bunch of crap and they're requiring foul.
Hey.
Oh, boy. That's not. I don't think that's very fair.
How do you like that?
How do you like that green apple, sir?
Those green apple, I don't know.
So I say that this guy, this Graziano or Greg Gabriotti, I say he should move to Amsterdam would be a good idea.
Hey, there you go.
Least he'd have a good time.
And as far as drug testing in the workplace?
Yes.
So they can figure out, it's a they can drug test you at the moment and know how much you've had at that particular moment.
I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're going to tell me what I have to do in my house.
In my car, or what I do at any time, then I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours.
Not the rest of my day.
So that's the bottom line with that.
Next thing they're going to be doing fish food testing.
Hey, there you go. Yeah, why don't we just survey and see your fat.
I want you to visit see how much food you've been eating.
Right. Exactly.
Yeah, I mean, what do you draw the line? You know what I mean?
Let me get a cute to have been checked this woman mouth.
Maybe she's been giving moral sex to somebody in the parking lot.
All right. Now you're talking. Okay. Have a great day pal.
How you do?
Okay. Sounds like a job he wants.
I did that one time.
It was about 15 years old.
And there I go.
Welcome to the clear channel collective.
You have been assimilated.
Resistance is futile and will result in your termination.
We know what's best for radio and you will be required to assist in the assimilation of all relative radio stations.
Irrelevant radio stations will become all news and left to die.
Since talent is expensive, they will be transported to what we believe are relevant radio stations with smaller wattages and scattered in a network of confusion.
And by the time they are rendered helpless, the collective will have already disposed the man for profit.
Now grab that frying pan and repeat after us.
We know what we're doing.
We know what we're doing.
We know what we're doing.
Fuck you.
Hi there boys and girls.
Today we've been a very extra special friend, Stout and I, to show us all about something really special.
I'm in the door right now.
Come on in the sky, man.
Arja, laddie.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
I wonder what it is.
It looks like a...
The pussy.
It's my bag boy.
What the bag?
Hey.
What?
Can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Run your hands, everybody.
That's... that's...
Hey, like...
What's this right here?
That is my ball pipe.
What do you do with the blow pipe?
You blow on it, laddie.
You blow...
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddie?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on laddie.
You got to put your mouth around it, laddie.
Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
Like this?
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it on the way down yet through.
It's bigger.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's my chanter.
What do I do with that?
What you do with that, laddie, is you put your both hands on it,
you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey, you run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, laddie, is you want to blow on the pipe,
you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle,
and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
All together, all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good laddie.
Hey, let's squeeze that.
Sure.
There's good laddie.
Keep blowing.
No harder laddie.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
You picked faster.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Keep blowing.
Keep blowing.
Oh, no.
You're doing it, laddie.
I'm a pilot.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
What's that?
You can do that again.
I have to look at you, but I've been listening WQM for,
I've got five to six years, and I've watched the morning show,
evolving everything, and I have a problem.
I'm taking my kids to school and these thinking commercials for,
for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things,
and there's no warning.
It just blurt out, you know,
f*** you, and you can hear the bleep,
you can hear the f***, you know,
and you can hear the venom in his voice,
and you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough.
Now, I heard it, you know, I had a problem again the other day.
I can't explain that stuff to my kids.
I've been listening to this station for a long time,
and I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language.
And I don't know what I can do,
but I just thought I'd better call, you know, and tell you,
it's different with Hank.
If Hank calls someone in son of a bitch,
he just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch,
and there's a reason for it.
But the other guy with his fart and his asshole
and just the way he curses,
he's ruining your first team.
And I think Joe Roach had stand up and get this off,
kick off his program,
because there's a lot of people like me that have children,
and I just don't like to hear someone say,
pissed off on my way to work.
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that,
and I don't think it's appropriate.
You know, if you're going to have to enance a little program
in the middle of your day, leave it there.
To make the other programs,
it's demeaned us,
and it really insults my intelligence,
and you know, that's not clear.
I don't know what it is.
I'll talk to you later.
This is Debbie.
Oh, hi, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering if you get some tummy talk,
and the lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery
faced all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And those wondering...
What are you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed
is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, it can't be done,
but I don't know what they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced, too.
Uh-huh.
And there's the surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first
in the upon looking at you.
We can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit,
made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay.
Let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin suit and it's like,
I feel like, uh,
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the time.
Okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
They say I love his tapoo.
That what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a light of the men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
We're lights go out at 10.
I can't accept who I feel.
Now that wouldn't be a crime.
As long as I'm in my life,
I'm doing you.
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would give you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
I guess that you were sick from a football.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
And now you are my prisoner.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And you're a sex machine.
I only have one request.
How about some Vaseline?
Sure.
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get away.
My sentence made you seven years.
Now seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You're not a human.
I really hate these markers.
That you don't know.
I'm a cop.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
But I'm part of a pin of love so.
And now the prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Burn out the lights cause I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch.
You're made in one way.
Prison bitch.
And when I get out, I'm ready.
You go straight.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I've lived outstack.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch.
Is never leaving you.
That person would not sell me.
But now you're my soulmate.
That's so perfect.
I know, not again.
Now I know what they call you.
Heart criminal.
You're about to find out what you call this.
The polka.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
And the leader.
And the leader.
And the leader.
She's from the movie.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Candle-eat-the-candle-eat-the-what you be doing.
Just the old-fashioned black-ed-token schwarzer-thong.
Is you think, cause you are at home, bootly-flipply-thong?
Is you deflacte and jam-nam-e-kobi-smart?
Does they lack?
Are you shunned, they're used to the leader?
Oh, the way you watch and talk, the white is cause.
Georgia, Jr., say he trust you, unbelievable.
Who tell our allies on the greedy oil wall?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The cup of sea, the toilet, and then scrub the floor.
They tell you no where's the door, not the leader.
Your phone keeps on helping make them all a wretch and you.
Your nape-legger, look you slide, it's bevel-throw.
The GOP want you to be that talk is true.
One day while you be flippin' back, you may realize
That's the dream you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side, drunkenly low.
Until push and rummage, they be crackin' at home.
Oh, don't make me angry, oh, go away, look what I got mine.
My baby's a turtle, look at the noise.
Hit my baby far, will you buy more of my records?
What is there at all?
Do some more of my records?
Oh, my face is still rolling.
Cause you take it, sell it, talk down.
I'll drop this baby on the ground.
Do sell records.
Oh no, I'm losing my grip.
The baby dangles the ground.
As I hold it at the window, I can feel your crowd.
Dangling the baby at the window.
I'm a pair of bar, as you know.
And I might just let it go, cause it's way too young to school.
My my records.
Look, it's dangling.
My my records.
Oh my face.
Around your office, baby.
But I'm your hand.
I took your calls from the ebonyx.
They say the putabee's rat furl me.
Now I can't get no job.
Cause I don't got no literacy.
I's talking like an old Negro.
Ebonyx thought they how this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But my hair is it say that's okay.
Change my name to shoot, roll.
Drive a doos and a quarter and a Cadillac.
I remember when I was feeling all the white man's cars.
Hanging outside, developing their bar.
Grind the blues, my poverty.
White devil's got no job for me.
And I had a odibonyx to give my life a chance.
Now I had a got you to go and sell moe, raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Lord, he would've barring his song.
Ebonyx makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They were poons, sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Ebonyx ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch.
Steal a purse and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take her money.
My cereal and the fridge are dead.
I remember when I was feeling all the white man's cars.
Hanging outside, developing their bar.
Grind the blues, my poverty.
White devil's got no job for me.
And I had a odibonyx would give my life a chance.
Now, uh-huh.
Got to go and build more raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
Raccoca.
Raccoca, raccoca.
That will be the brightest, brightest, brightest.
Sunrise pages, not the place you should drive
We go much slower than you
Sunrise pages, it can make you go stride
We're up to carcass juice
Depends, Depends is what covers your ass
So we don't stay in our double midwife's tracks
Sunrise pages, it can make you go stride
Beware, beware of the early fight, some food
Boy, I'm not kidding ya
You might find someone's birthday in our school
You know what we're thinking we drive into our team
We're going on a team, we're all the way
And is your age
Sunrise pages, it can make you go stride
So damn, I suck all cute tips at your driving
You can use
It's in my heart I had the ambulance
Man's the condo device
How far they did lock up and get like flies
Sunrise pages, my diswellpacit, we died
It's gonna happen soon
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it don't happen to you
All
I can't have a muddy deathbrown
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it doesn't happen to you
I can't have a muddy deathbrown
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it doesn't happen to you
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it doesn't happen to you
I can't have a muddy deathbrown
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it doesn't happen to you
All I can't have a muddy deathbrown
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it doesn't happen to you
I can't have a muddy deathbrown
Sunrise pages, nice things will end in your life
And it doesn't happen to you
The best at day
The best at day
The best at day
You cut it away quite liberally
When I was circumcised
Somehow a glue back on me
Amazingly open night
My force gets back after hanging like a fruit fly
All day, all day my force gets back
I'm like a boost, everything's fine
All day, all day my force gets back
After getting cut way short
Now I'm hung like a racer
And then we wrap our company down the size
I'm a big man now that it grew back over nine
It's a big thing
My force gets back with a oil-corsi trouble
All day, all day my force gets back
After getting cut way short
Now I'm hung like a boost, everything's fine
All day, all day my force gets back
I'm like a boost, everything's fine
All day, all day my force gets back
Now I'm hung like a boost, everything's fine
I'm like a boost, everything's fine
It's a huge awareness campaign, this is take nine
We win as you cue
Rhett, anytime you're ready
We're ready, we win
This is Dwayne's stump of Black Tooth
Telling you, if you do drugs this weekend, don't drive
Wrong again, Dwayne, it's don't do drugs, don't do drugs
That's what I said
No, it's not, it's not even close to what you said
You coming this booth, I'll show you how close it was, Sherlock
We're gonna do it again, Dwayne
Say, don't do drugs
If you must drink this holiday, we can do not drive
Take 12
This is Dwayne's stump
Weekends are for drugs, do drugs
Okay Dwayne, thank you very much for coming in
I think with a little editing, we've got something we can use
Don't do drugs, and if you must drink this holiday, we can do not drive
The Pope is coming and going on George Duke
Do a Christian arena here you
Do a Christian like George Duke
I'm dozexy for my hat, dozexy for my hat
I'm dozexy for my hat
I'm dozexy for wetter pants, dozexy for wetter pants
I do not wear a hat
I'm dozing my religion
And I'll just light color these tools
That is why I am on its lookin' down with me
I got a brand new party hat
Where there's the directory party at
I got a brand new party hat
Where the directory party hat
If you want to know something about George Duke, I will see you
Let's see what I like about my shoes
My trash fridge for two chairs, Shend of bitches, three
I'm just a sweet paper-cranfestie
From the transsecular
To the paper
Or this one online
When you sort of
Damodar
Damodar
Damodar
Damodar
Damodar
Yes, get down with the man who put the disk in his functional
And please, dammit
It's the album that's spotted its way to the top of the charts
Please, hammer, don't hurt yourself
Yes, say this, dam!
You get unable to touch this
Have you seen?
You'd hurt and the stammer's laid the smash you got to
Damn, what critics agree about MC's stammer
Bill Boyd says, speed it down
MTV says, that's easy for you to say
And Ebony says, say what homin'
All the hell, dammit
Please, hammer, don't hurt yourself
Available everywhere on CDs, record and tape
Take, take them
Hi, Snor
Mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs! You are killing me!
But sir, what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street
In on!
Raymond!
Raymond!
Put it off the back, you'll quit, and Raymond!
Get that blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss
Eisner, but sir, look what we don't admit down man
Had 40 second street is incredible
I don't know what, publicly, I supported that
But you took all the porn away!
You're killing me! I'm going through a gabboscom like Peds!
We're just scouting areas calm down
What's underneath Butt Munch? Don't tell me to calm down!
We got lucky with lead row instead
It's $128 million!
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network!
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way
Hang on a minute
Raymond!
Yes, Bob! Blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake!
And head off the module, waiter!
Okay, boss
Good God!
Sir, the network is fine
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bob movies!
They're 60 years old!
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on to be done with it?
Please don't, I'd make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine
You mentioned we will in the kitchen now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer
Oh, I thought it was signs! What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yields sign!
You got to start swinging some of these titles past me!
Please
Raymond!
Raymond!
It ain't even Bob!
I know you can't hear me!
Raymond!
Yes, sir! I'm on the bucket!
Here's a number of numbers!
Get on it, Raymond!
To take that blue bird with you!
All right!
I said, yes sir!
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car!
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you!
What?
I'm not done!
Sir, I'll put him in your job!
But sir, you're terrible!
I'm sorry!
Baby, I put remits in there!
I don't want to be president of Disney Remus!
Oh, man!
What a wonderful day!
Get on it, hear you, nothing!
Hey, then, the spirit me, I want to let you know
You are my favorite team!
Cause I love what you do!
Kind of wish that I was you!
Just a little more of C!
Prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly, prickly!
Prickly, I wear your t-shirt as my 90!
Prickly, I like to have you on my body!
When it comes to any day, there's no way you're gonna win
Or best theme of performance!
I've been doing this so long in the time you had your day
Even though I love your song, you best stay out of my way!
With me, you know that I think you're a hot-y, yeah!
With me, love when you strip down, show your body!
Hey, push!
Hey, push!
I stumble and I fumble just to talk is really hard
Without pre-written notes from Power over Andrew Cardi!
Hey, push!
My brain is made of dudeo!
Hey, push!
But that don't seem to bug you!
I have no opposition and you have no opinion!
Hey, push!
This pose is pretty high!
Come out, rage by the shudden wave of white collar crime!
Unless, of course, the CEO's her old friends of mine!
Hey, push!
That's as little as I'm a girl!
Hey, push!
That Harry Blasher, he's a homo!
The Saudis they attacked us, but who don't give a crap its team push?
Just an era of friends!
Hester shirt were in pursuit of evil jurors every day!
Just like those drug lords being pursued by OJ!
You don't care what I'm doing!
Team push!
And I thought I was stupid!
The media controls you!
You do what you told the team push!
If you didn't see it on TV it ain't true!
The media isn't our control with stories they're a spinning!
No matter what goes wrong, it will just blame it all on Clinton!
Team push!
I don't have no interest going down!
I'm on a higher ball ground, because I can't wouldn't know how!
He's a moral brother and a bug founder, Team push!
I'm not a baby!
I'm not a baby!
I'm not a baby!
The way does look at me, is obscene!
Not till they bet your glad!
I'm not a baby!
I finally turned 18!
And I'm scantily clad, yeah!
Oh, me!
All you want to do with me!
Not a baby!
I thought I'm really hot, well, it's because I'm not sit here!
I used to be and there!
This schoolgirl dressed way above my knees!
Above my knees!
When you think of what you do to me, remember that I'm!
Legal baby, that's no crime!
Sister G, the dance machine, a sweet and none-with-happy beat!
Jump the gyre into the beat!
Sister G, the dance machine, sister G, is eccellency!
Laddy Catholic, Dr. Reign, forward out, we're way too late!
She can shake that tasty beat!
She's quite a side of life and might look like a real cool dance in the pool!
Look at her go, swinging high and low!
She's a legal boy, very model-o-two!
Sister G, the dance machine, a dance machine, a perfect only thing!
She'll knock you off your feet, when you hear her well and sit!
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turned me on!
I know it sounds happy, but I'm so goddamn happy that you didn't hit his gawd!
Sister G, the sweet and none-with-happy beat!
A shaken bouncing tone of fun!
Dying bad for 85, then that none-with-happy beat!
Sister G, the dance machine, sister G, the dance machine, sister G!
Sister G, the dance machine, sister G!
Sister G, the dance machine, sister G!
The dance machine, sister G!
Sister G, sister G!
Sister G, the dance machine, sister G!
All the dance machines, all the dance machines, all the dance machines!
All the dance machines, all the dance machines, all the dance machines!
My wife took their card or the mall!
She drives my viewer again, she's three feet tall!
I wouldn't ride with her no way!
I said I'd need it and I laid it again!
So I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain
Waiting for the early first to take me away
I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain with my friend's time!
Looks like it's time to check my change!
Christ of my stands don't always stay the same!
All that God will do what Yeta tells me to do!
The private high-rides, she must be in a stand!
Just sitting here and resting my bones!
Wondering why my wife won't leave me alone!
We've talked it over and I never went!
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again!
Oi, so I sit on a bench in the rain
Waiting for the early first to take me away
Oi, I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain with my friend's time!
There he is!
To have damn time I've been waiting here all day in this rain!
I will only go and stop trying to smoke!
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Mojud de David'a Show!
We have a full ducket today!
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours!
You know that pipe smoke is still at it!
What?!
They make fun of me all the time!
Why they don't adore me?
They're there, everything will be alright Mo!
Get your hands off me, a fairy!
You're queer!
You're a tomb chumper!
Real men don't touch only during the game!
Yes, Master!
They want singing!
I'll give them singing!
Get on a piano!
Over there!
Ok, Mo!
Now, hit it!
Back in my day, men were straight!
The end day is not today!
That's why I can't tolerate!
Just got slid days!
Spoils were in day by day!
Stop it!
Stop it! You're more on!
What's the matter, Mo?
My wig fell off again!
Ok, alright, where were we?
Spoils were in day by day!
Ah, take it from here!
The guys that like to worship men!
Clicking we will see full indoor!
We live in the middle of the game!
Didn't mean to soothbrush daydance!
Or to tickle hair retained!
Jesus Christ, I really hate!
Jesus, God's Lynn Gai!
Hi, Felicia!
Gee, I love your dress!
And your hair looks so shiny and manageable!
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Gosh, chick!
I stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago!
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So, what are you using now?
Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives!
It's just called head!
Let's tell him about it, girls!
If you're tired of the ocean, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Reveal fairness and feeling through, yeah, yeah!
Just remember what I've said, yeah, yeah!
You feel better if you get some head!
Wow, where can I get head?
Lots of places, Chick. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you some
head in 50 minutes. I'll have you shampooed, styled, and blown dry.
You don't miss a lick, do you? Head sound great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, Chick. My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Golly, at that price, everyone should be getting head. That's right, Chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Falotti from Freedom Island Industries, here to kill you. Why you should get head?
First, it lubricates each limp hair follicle, leaving in a wreck, listening shaft. Then the scalp's
natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing
does the job like head. Great. Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce? Probably, but you might
want to try your girlfriend first.
So I can get my head today, yeah, yeah, let's work, go the long, long way, yeah, yeah, you look better and you'll feel
terrific, yeah, yeah, when you get head, you're a lucky step.
What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available at a price you won't find
hard to swallow, and it's going down every day.
Connie, we're out of shampoo. Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus, I'm going down down.
And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choke up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgens
lotion and a national cheer grab.
Oh yeah, oh god.
Head shampoo. Come on, give it a shot. My hair looks great.
You're the map.
Yo, man, we'll start with your Gothamers book. So anyway, let's do a model in West Palm Beach.
Neil, can't disagree with you more about the pot smolty.
Okay, I'm an ex pot addict from the age of 15 to 25.
Yeah, I'm telling you, I was more dicting than code than anything.
I mean, we had to start more dicting than fish food too, I bet.
Correct. You're joking in this pants another room.
Better take a sample, by the way.
Before we got 38 now, I stopped 13 years ago, but before we played baseball, we smoked,
before we went to the movies to smoke, before we had sex, we smoked, before anything,
we need a pot. We couldn't do it without pot.
Yeah, a lot of my friends are still a lot of people.
Let me ask you this as much as I frown upon people who are like obsessed with pot,
because there are people who are juvenile and sit around sifting and picking seeds all day,
and I think that's a life, but nevertheless, how did it have to wait a minute?
But how did they have this green stuff that had no seeds in them?
I mean, how did it affect your life?
It affected it tremendously because it opened the door to, and you're going to think this is
joking. Open the door to Coke. It opened the door to the toilet.
Yeah, yeah.
No, once you violate your body, I guess you better never have a beer because next thing you're
going to be dead on. I never liked beer, but I'm telling you, it affected me in the workplace,
it affected me driving. I had a lot of...
No, but the argument that, you know, it's the same argument as you better never have a beer,
because then you're going to become an alcoholic, and you're going to start drinking,
you know, sticking vodka bottles in your pocket. I mean, there are always going to people,
be people no matter what you're talking about, they're the alcohol stains of the world are going
to go out and eat until they get to be 500 pounds. Does that mean we should outlaw any foods
that are fattening? No, no, but I, you know, I've changed, I have two kids of my own now,
and they're 14 and 11, and they're getting to that age where I remember when I was...
Were they just going to let you better stop? Yeah, no, no, no, I've stopped a long time ago,
but I'm saying now I'm overprotective. He can smell like his debris in his home.
I mean, by parents, like George's, there were refugees from Cuba that came down here.
Well, no humans don't smoke, we know that. They didn't know any better,
they were working 14 hours a day, I was alone at home, and all my friends did,
and we did, and I'm telling them I didn't know anything, but I couldn't disagree with you
anymore. I'm testing for it, and I hope they keep it out of everything, because it's
different from my life. You know something, I know that when I go over to Holland man,
every time I've only been in Amsterdam about 30 times, I'm going to go over there,
it's a miracle that the country can function, you know what? Let me tell you something,
well, while we were at it, we were less aggressive. Let me ask you, have you ever been to Amsterdam?
Never been to Holland. Well, get on a plane to go there, you might learn something.
There's a pot addict for you there, boys and girls, there's a good lesson for everybody.
He's obsessed. It's like the fish food addicts. I say we go to publics right now,
and we may enforce them to take it right out of the freezer container, because we have fish food
addicts already, and those people are going to kill themselves on that crap, because they're out of
control. And let's close down every bar, because we got alcoholics. Let's bring back pro-abition,
baby. Let's prohibit everything. Then we got sex addicts. Just watch, what's his name?
Jerry Springer, he'll do about 20 shows on that this week. Sex addicts. People who can't get enough,
they're doing it. The NBA they want to do drug testing. We got a guy, a Canadian, a jock,
if a snowboarder can wear a jock strap, whatever the hell he was. This guy may lose his gold medal,
because he may have actually inhaled a little bit, or may have actually smoked a little bit,
or may have actually walked through a room somewhere where somebody may have smoked it, or not,
as the case may be. And they found like a little trace in his...
Squirt, Squirt? Yeah. And they're having a nervous breakdown now, because they, you know,
suit a fed. What else? What else can we test for in your system? Definitely have fish food testing,
because we know it makes your blood sugar go away up, and you become irresponsible, and got
only knows you're going to, you're not fit for driving. I wouldn't be surprised if they stop
you at street corners now. It's stoplights, and they do on the spot checks blood sugar test.
You know, they give you that little pin prick, if I can say that. And yeah, look at my finger tips,
man, look at all those pin pricks. That's right, when you diabetic. You have a lot of pin pricks
on the tips of your fingers, but at any rate, they're going to be starting to do that spot checks
on street corners now. And if your blood sugar is like over 250, but, hey, you're straight to jail!
You're a menace to society, you're going to kill somebody out there.
Airline pilot, before you get on that plane, make sure he didn't have no fish food before he took
off. Here's the four-letter deal. Hello. Yes, sir. For some color, I guess I'd be in acute colors,
since I'm not chronic. Okay. Anyway, I consider myself a well-trained, high-precision cynic.
Yes, sir. You're like me with a lot of the things that you talk about. But in the United States, of
course, what right we all have really is the right to be as irresponsible as we want to be,
until you reach a certain limit. And we have these freedoms, and people sort of they abuse them
until it starts costing somebody some money somewhere, and then they got to go and do something
about taking that freedom away. But what does that mean? When has marijuana ever been decriminalized
in America? Well, I mean, it hasn't. But the reasons for that. Are they tried prohibition with
booze? That's your work real well, didn't it? No, and it's a problem. Work for Joe Kennedy real well.
If you can't expect our people to be responsible with the freedoms that they have, like we have a small
business, and we've got, you know, we do contracting enough sort of thing, and you've got guys,
they're not exactly the top model society, but they go out and they're doing physical labor for you,
and they're either climbing rooftops and things like that, and we've had cases in the past where
people were on the influence of the substance, and they can't access it. And then the customer,
well, if you're liable for it, I can understand it, and you're talking about a physical right,
I understand it. And then not only that, but the employee who's you too, even though he was the one
who was irresponsible on the job. So what do you do about that? Well, in that case, that's an
exception. I wouldn't have any problem with that. I can see an NBA where if a guy is stone, he's not
going to injure somebody out on the court, if anything, he'll take fewer shots. And he probably
wouldn't beat up the coach. Well, a good point. But the thing is, we have something that we do at
work here, not that it works, but it's an attempt anyway that's called a drug free workplace.
And you start off your relationship with the business under the assumption that, you know,
you're not going to, this isn't going to be something you're going to be doing on the job. So
we're allowed to drug test before you start the job and that sort of thing. And what's sad about
this is it's amazing how many people who call up looking for a job, and you say, oh, but by the
way, this is a drug free workplace, how many people show up fill out the forms and then just never
appear again. But isn't that their choice? You just got to your family. But, you know, but the thing is,
if business is going to be responsible for what its employees do, then we have to know we have to
feel safe and secure that they're not going to be out to our agency. No, I would have known with that.
I think that you got a, you know, you have a right because you're liable and you have a right to
make sure that they're not doing whatever might impair their senses, etc. But that's a very rare
exception. If somebody's doing an office job at a desk, unless of course they're making decisions,
decisions that, you know, are like national security risking something like that. Yeah, I can
understand that. Or for radio equipment or something like that. Exactly. And I think I might help
have some drugs for these bastards over here. But the thing is, you know, once again, as a society,
if the people aren't going to be responsible enough to be able to decide when they are aren't going
to use the substances you can't expect. But you know, you know, something, you can't expect them to be
involved. But you know, something, sir, let me say something to you. And that is that as long
as things are forbidden, when you go to Europe, there is no drinking age in any country that I
know of in Europe. And yet, as Italy, especially, public drunkenness is frowned upon to such an extent that,
I mean, they would, they would come and beat the crap out of you if they found you staggering around
drunken the street. They would take you under cover somewhere and give you a lecture and sober you
up and tell you better not to ever do it again. And you don't, you don't have any problem of young
people staggering around drunk or killing each other because they're drinking and driving. You
don't have that. Now the French have it because they got a bunch of drumps over there to begin with.
But I'm talking about in countries where they're generally socially responsible in the first place,
like Italy and like Holland and those. You don't have that problem. There's no drinking age.
There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age.
There's no alcoholism rates, you know, in the world, though. And why have this fame in Russia have very
high alcoholism rates and they also have... What does that have to do with Italy? It doesn't.
What does that have to do with Holland, which is the freest country in the world? What does that have to do with it?
It depends on the culture. They grow up with that kind of freedom and the U.S.
Ah, there you go. That's what I just got through saying to you. So as big older you make things for
bitten the more people want them. That's my point. Okay, before I leave or you cut off...
I want to give you something. I don't know if you can use this as a card, but I want to do a
celebrity impersonation for you. Yeah. Okay, see it. Now that wasn't bad. Georgia was almost
cute. It wasn't a very good... Yeah. The consensus is, let's see, Mike from the key says it's too
expensive. That's his... Wow, that's his opinion. He likes it a little weed now and he said,
too damn expensive. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? I love your show.
Thank you so much. Listen, it is kind of expensive, but I wanted to say this whole Marijuana thing is
just out of hand. I mean, the government, they must be some like babbling chimps, pushing buttons
somewhere. They don't realize that Marijuana is probably the basis in toxic on this planet.
It's less harmful than alcohol. It has never been documented to give cancer like, you know,
cigar and cigar. Yeah. I'm not complaining about cigar. It doesn't send your blood sugar raising
up like sugar does either, but sugar. I guarantee you right now, sugar was a lot more dangerous
than marijuana ever can be. And I don't think they did any sugar testing on this Schmendor
Gabriotti guy at this snowboard that won a gold medal over their nogginal. Absolutely. It's sugar.
Let's take his blood sugar and see if he was doing fish food before he did the thing.
Absolutely. And, you know, I like the guys too. I was listening to the idea. I was wondering how come
you didn't like Garcia and Vegas. I wanted to ask you out as well. That's like my cigar.
You know, I do like Garcia Vegas. I like them, but it's they don't make them in Nix, which is my
sponsor. So I'm not going to come on here and say, hey, I smoke Garcia Vegas. Which one do you like
in particular? The Galante's? You never have the English Corona's? Oh, I don't touch those
English ones. Oh, yeah. The English Corona's are fabulous, especially if you're rolling your
open. Okay. But thank you, Roniel. Okay. Have a great day. Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Great. Well, listen, you know, a couple bad things.
Unfortunately, marijuana is classified as a schedule one drug, which means it's right up there
with cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine, and Jerry Springer is perhaps the worst drugs of all mankind.
And fish food. And fish food. But, you know, this is just a word for that guy who was that guy
kidding when he there was a guy you called in. He said, I run a workplace and I tell people that I
drug test, but I don't really drug test. And then that just sort of weed out the part in mind
the point. I mean, we doubt the people that really don't want to get drug. What was it? What was it?
What was I missed that whole thing? But he said that he drug tested drug test. No, he's done drug
test. And he said that a lot of people come by and they fill out the application when they find
out it's a drug free workplace that they don't hear from him again is what he said. All right. Well,
I think he's a fascist because, you know, he's basically just got a bunch of people that we're
doing like yard work or something, you know. But they're going up on roofs and things and he's
responsible. He's got the liability insurance for that. I can understand that. I don't know, man.
I mean, if you're if you're still looking, if you're still not on any substance, I don't care what
is. I don't want to be responsible for your work or driving or whatever else you're doing.
You know, the thing is that they might not be up on the roof and be stoned at the same time.
They might go home, watch Jerry Springer and then be stoned and then go back to work and be
perfectly straight and still fail at miserable tests. Okay, I think this shows on now. What the
hell was the point? I wasn't that away to run long enough to find out. Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you? Great. How you be doing? I'd be doing fine.
All right. I just wanted to make a comment about the pot head that called earlier that said he's
more for 10 years. Yeah. He said that the marijuana made him try other drugs. I think that he's
been betrayed as everyone else has been betrayed by all the upside people in this country because
they tell you that marijuana be bad for you and it's evil and all this stuff. And then when you try
it and it's not that bad, you say, well, they lied about this. Well, maybe they lied about everything
else too. So deliciously different marijuana deliciously different marijuana.
This poor guy is going to go back to Canada with his middle between his legs. Never be the same again
because they found this little teeny tiny trace of marriage wini in his test.
Neil? Yes. I say we all get on a plane, go to Italy and smoke a blight. All right.
All right. See you. Hi. The Pope is over there. He's doing it. If it's okay for the Pope,
how come I didn't smoke it? Well, you think that big puffer over the Vatican is? That's not what
you think it is. That's the celebratory smoke. Yeah, they're celebrating it all right. Why do you
think they keep burning incense? Covered up. That's why they do a lot of things. That's why they put
those gowns on to cover it up. That's why they wear those kilts and sculls and baby. Covered up.
Ask anybody in that neighborhood. They tell you this country where the Gantra be good.
Raslanan has some he wants to sell and from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. He light up the split and talk. Smoke Gantra smoke smoke.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. The Gantra be good. You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until your longstone blight. With all the money that we have made. Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say, got nothing like this in the US say they smoke.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. They light up the split and talk. They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. The Gantra be good.
Mama tell her son you are an astamian. You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around. A bite the earth for you by the ounce of nip.
Raslanan say to her mama you right. They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. They light up the split and talk.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. Smoke Gantra smoke smoke.
Smoke Gantra smoke smoke. They can't you be good.
Yamon why don't you go back to Canada you two bastard.
Nieu my queen God.
No the Affleck casting call.
All right Tom Broca.
Oh bro, go.
Applack.
Uh, again Tom?
Applack.
Uh, one more time Tom.
Applack.
I'm losing a second part.
One more.
Applack.
Next.
Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Yes, Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll tell you what I'm saying.
Applack.
Again.
Again.
Applack.
Next.
Jesse Jackson.
A flack.
Uh, the applack.
Uh, Jesse, I'm sorry, but the duck is white.
Next.
Woody Allen.
Just nuts him into ductic talks.
Stay to the script Mr. Allen.
It's crazy.
It's insanity.
Great the line, please.
Why would a duck speak?
Next.
The great Sean Connery, sir.
How welcome, sir.
Welcome.
Welcome, sir.
Just read the line, please.
Ah, fuck.
Excuse me, sir, again.
Ah, fuck.
Sir, I'm sorry, that second part of the line, I don't.
I'm simply slaying off.
Next.
Oh, God.
I guess we got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right, give it to me, Gilbert.
Applack.
At one more time, Gilbert.
Applack.
Well, Gilbert, I pretty much hate you.
And I think you're terrible, but you're the close thing we got.
You got the job.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess Di, we're begging, please.
Hoveratze is coming.
Applack.
You're gonna crash into a wall.
No more it's skies for you.
Princess Di is gone.
Oh, Princess Di.
Princess Di is gone.
She's really gone.
We're going into a tunnel.
Hello, wall.
I'm going to start getting help.
Yeah, couldn't father to be so far for sale?
Yeah, aha.
Yeah, aha.
Who's our name?
Patrick.
Patrick?
Yeah.
So, I suppose I talk to someone named Fu.
Oh?
Fu, so, Fu.
Okay, hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Hello?
How's that?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah, hello.
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a restaurant for sale?
Huh?
How much you want for this one?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
What?
What's up?
Chinese.
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, you come from the old restaurant.
Our next product?
Row.
The third one.
So, in this case your regular hosts will have to
actually check it up one by one.
I don't know what's your name.
Hello?
Biden.
I can see your Ngarajo Than.
Good evening, Mr. Ngaro-oooo
ok, let's do it
ok, let's do it
ok, let's do it
ok, let's do it
ok, let's do it
let's do it
w-i-o-d
oh, no, god
boy, there's no god
both powers and else presidents, they man
I'm the most powerful god they made in the world
yes I am
oh, i-is-y-o-d
oh, i-is-y-o-d
both powers and else presidents, they man
I'm the most powerful god they made in the world
yes i am
so, what's the correct word for them as they made out of people
oh, no
thanks for never
we can't get that taste to smell
how do you say it?
while 86% of newborns
boys in this cupierre circumcised
they procedure as widely performed without any sort of anesthesia
i have no preview
i'm the only
oh, i-is-y-o-d
oh, i-is-y-o-d
oh, i-is-y-o-d
both powers and else
oh, i-is-y-o-d
oh, i-is-y-o-d
oh, i-is-y-o-d
oh, i-is-y-o-d
i will ask you to recognize blood blood
for any other company that perpetuates this kind of behaviour
you jacked out
you hurt me
again, there's an all-john provocateur
i don't have a boat spot, uh?
hey?
i know that the lord even worked on your rocket
father of tools
god, damn god
oh, this is a very complicated
damn god, java liquor
how's that hand job coming along?
ah, he has no face
he'll do my job as well
when i'm down, they deserve that
it's great radio
i am that him right
do we have a longest cord in this piece of crap?
look at this, look how sharp this damn thing is
i'm gonna take this cord
and i'm gonna shove it right up his end
oh, no, no
this place operates like a freaking nut house
it really does
i want to be left to freak a load, okay?
i'm a man and one, but she's got a boat
that they made to look particularly
oh, oh, yeah, yeah, damn god
oh, she's just there fair
oh, they're doing that
epic it out there
god, damn
god, damn god
both powers and ill president
i'm the most powerful god damn man in the world
i'm so really correct sir
please open back and then the church
young man
now that you have come out
i said, young man
go enjoy the poise house
i said, young man
maybe if you go down
you'll get a new
bench
show the dope from poise house
this is where they'll go
you can join them
and hang out with the homos
you can't go there
and soon you will find a strange
free of blame
you're behind
you are
you want to be a foistow
and be gay
does the pre-poise have said
it's okay
they have everything
that young man should
you can play with each other's wood
it's fun to be a foistow
and be gay
with this your tensor for the new
where they say
but those brown uniform
what the hell is the deal
can we get something
into you
how are you? i'm tummy
from tight tummy saying for the best
high food and the best service
as long as you're not black
come on down to tight tummy or selfish
we know like black people
they don't keep well
besides why black people want to eat
high food anyway
we're not have fried chicken on the menu
oh wait i forget
we have spare ribs
look sing
cut us bare wheels on menu
so if you're not black
come on down to tight tummy
come think of it
first damn gay people
we know like them eat it
should they tip food
but they talk too loud with funny lips
they serve other customers
no comeback
so no gay no black
and while we're at it
later people you make reservation
for 715
don't show up at 820 and explain you table
we give to someone else already
later people always late
no black no gay no later in tight tummy
and Jewish people
you stop figuring all of build
who care who have what
take 45 minutes to try to divide a bill
we know what you hear
no Jew no black no black no Cuban
and white people
you think you better than everybody else
complain too much if we don't kiss your ass
you're not come back
no white no black no Jew no Latinos no gay
everybody else
for the best type food
come on down to tight tummy
on the beach
here come the F-A-G
here come the F-A-G
yeah
the F-A-G
here come the F-A-G
yeah
what did I play?
oh
gay guys got your back
remember that because that's where we're looking for love
it's where you're crack back
to finish hell by me
F-A-G
I got lots of facial hair
then a lezzy so it'll make fun
don't poke your nose
that's a queer cake boy
lifestyle I chose
suck your gay jokes and start being silent
because you might get a taste of homosexual violence
we don't play your butt
like a dog in a sear-tort
when you see us with a ray band
we're just tying the parts
that we want to get our hands on
we're the F-A-G
really all that hardest wall
shoo-tun singing fairy
let me see you just prance with me
just prance with me
now slide
right there
let me see you do some waist bend
oh perfect
make your wrist limp
F-A-G
at this baby just
you're already
whoa
now look at your wedding dead
oh I gotta wipe this off
oh jeez this every word
shoo-tun singing fairy
does anybody have a moist towel at
okay look what's in the cup of crab out
here no
Judy Garland
don't miss the latest must-have sensation to hit stores
it's the tickle me bush doll
this chattering little character
from the pencil being avenue beltway gang
will laugh at anything you say
till old George w. sir plus is all dried up
and he'll laugh
tell him his military couldn't fight a
boy scout jamboree on a warm summer day
and he can't help but laugh
and you'll laugh too
as this tickle me bush doll
puckers his face to one side
and wiggles his ape like ears
uncontrollably
tickle me bush
it sure to be the biggest thing
since the outboard grows a beard
sheepet you'll laugh you'll cry
you'll kiss 49.99 goodbye
with the tickle me bush doll
every republican household is sure to have one
if you wipe out 10% of every doll soul
will support stem cell research
the missile offenshield and Alaska oil drilling
he's got a
he's hysterical
he's got ape like ears
it's the tickle me bush doll
now sold in stores
were the guns ammo and NRA propaganda are sold
we'll have you heard about trend lot
that right wing not see how the lot to say
about games
just losing things he's rolling
anyway
he's the gold walk from the wild side
party for him
or to play
or to play
trend lot is game
he started flaking
finally cops
waving cop cops in his college days
and hey hey
comes in cheer just like a silly poopy thing
and comes out to
the lot to move one day
for a bang
trend lot is game
oh
now everyone knows
trend four
welcome to badly too
or to
so you know that's
time he's used his
Christian
he's telling you
as i say
not as i do
so like they say
trick lot is game
progisary
progisary
progisare
progisare
progisare
progisare
progisare
progisare
are you
proghisese
We loved the way you fought your doom
With the make the un-your-just and the old bruise in thy dress
Defending those who are oppressed
Felt your rage
Felt your rage
Felt your rage
Felt your rage
Felt your rage
When the building starts too low
We go to the living room and we know
You're crushing from me with one mighty blow
When we're there we go down
And it could be anything now
No more his ugly face
On Canal B and D3
When the building starts too low
We go to the living room and we know
You're crushing from me with one mighty blow
We go to the living room and we know
You're crushing from me with one mighty blow
we go to the living room and we know
We're going to the living room and we know
And we knew we'd be their lives
We know we Than they
We know we Than they sun
All just like those romantic and cute
But the man doesn't've all known
on the left face on Canal 20th place
She went shopping for a brand new look
and she steals the item right on the book
Not too happy with the feel curious
Under deep deep is what she wants to be
I know no brighter
I know no brighter
Watches new clothes so she grabs the view
On the ragged sack in Avenue
She got colored by a cop's name
Generator rights to spend
He ran her with I know no brighter
I know no brighter
I know no brighter
I drive a mercury
That's three lanes wide
I can't see over the view
Cause I'm three foot five
I have a dank of oxygen
To keep me alive
My name is high
My name is high
My name is high
Got to go find for sunset's meat juice
So I bought five
Under cash it told me it was only for the largest size
I hopped the pay and discussed
After farting in line
Cause my name is high
My name is high
My name is high
Thanks to the oily boy for dinner at five
As soon as cold the doctor browns all they add was lime
Love and they handed me the check
I left them a dime
Cause my name is high
My name is high
My name is high
My condos sets the rules that I live by
No younger than 92
But still alive
No stories in the pool
But type is fine
My name is high
My name is high
My name is high
I think that's happy boy
My name's Chirp High
I'm glad but I got a high voice
My name's Chirp High
I got bad thyroid
That's the reason why
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
My name's G-55
My name's Chirp High
I say Thai and Pali
My name's Chirp High
And where is Chirp High?
I can't see my shorn
My foot picks to Y
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
I like healing strippers
My name's Chirp High
I'm a very big tipper
My name's Chirp High
I go back to the rooms
But don't tell my wife
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
My shoehorns
My feet long
My name's Chirp High
I write a scooter
In the store
My name's Chirp High
So goddamn fat
That I'm gonna die
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
My name's Chirp High
I'm Pali
If you missed out on the Pikle Me Elmo Cray
Is here is great news
Kids are gonna love the new Pikle Me Jack O'Daw
The life like Michael Jackson flush toys
That titters when you tickle it's genital
And mom not only is a machine washable
But the color gets lighter with every wise
And it comes complete
With the touchable nose and miniature checkered
The Pikle Me Jack O'Daw
New from Bill Cumbanley
Recommended for boys ages 6 through 12
Look at that
Phil Fiko and Debbie Rowe
Got Mary Down Under
And they make hot monkey love
I can't help but want to talk to my wacko
Jack O'Daw
Michael Michael got wet
Megan Love to Debbie Rowe
With a lullaby in their bed
Debbie's been ejected with the seat from Michael's loin
When the baby thoughts right out he'll have
A glove can on his groin
That's because wacko
Jack O'Daw
Michael Michael has sex
Debbie says she'll be his wife
And just keep right you those chicks
I feel like a eunuch and a born-up
You wanted more and you got it
The band's all give back
Singing more duet on
And it sings
All you do
Oh, number eightie
It's back pairing up with the grades
Singing more pig hits, which even more pig stars.
The mad dog does them all.
Baby, I'm in a pig, I ride, I ride, I ride.
Oh, ride!
I'm in a pig, I ride, I ride, I ride.
I ride, I ride, I ride, I ride.
Oh, ride!
I ride!
It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man.
I like it.
I like it.
The truth is finally out that Jean Mandage was truly the fifth beat.
You gotta give it a little love and give it a little love.
Everyone looks alive.
To be, now your head's to save.
You know it's gonna be safe.
It's gonna be all right.
All right.
Here's the mad dog's henner and touching tribute to the king.
Oh, this.
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
That's a random among anyway.
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
Now, I don't think so.
So we had Luke the Broughtsey family little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's son of a bitch, he's cute.
All right.
All right.
All right.
And it's zinc.
Volume 2 available now if you move quickly.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Well, we can't even forget now that we need tolletately asAPW
yard of your home on your property the idea that the government can legislate
that is so outrageous and so unacceptable as to be uh... in just inexplicable
i agree i can't can argue with that one that
i've always helicopter wasting time because people are growing a few plants
in their backyard in the meantime up the corner kids are shooting
themselves because that he left his six his six shooter laying around and
everybody in their brother in his country's running around with a guy named
gun but got forbidden somebody's grown a few uh... plants in a backyard
we got the helicopters going overhead baby we're gonna catch you the at the pot
police are there you mean the acts
just like in a low where the hell i do with that
local section this morning here we go business man or sex pervader police this
Arthur van morque uh... Kirk and whatever name is Kirk and jerkin
ran a six million dollar prostitution ring how do you like that
in fort lauderdale he had fifty women under payroll their names neatly lined up on
a magnetic board under heading such as blondes brunettes and over yennels the
clients more than twenty thousand men between west palm beach in north my me
you pay a hundred eighty bucks and cash or two hundred by credit card
for acts that range from a straight sex to unusual fetishes so who the hell gives a
crap probably ran a clean operation probably not too many people get no
diseases from that operation probably had only up and up he's gone to jail
everything in his god damn countries illegal man everything is uh... the forbidden
fruit if we can say on of course that's so forget that talk about a fruit
forget about that everything's illegal
everything's immoral unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it
like dan romer he's doing it over there and like uh... bill clinton of course he's uh...
doing it the left and right in which we like him a lot more respect him because he's
getting that that's okay but if we're getting at the next course it's evil and we all
go to go to jail chuvan island unacceptable on acceptable your brainwashed baby when you
gonna go just wake up and sniff it a little bit in the flowers too brainwashing
goody two shoes we have to have a drinking age and we have to have a we have to have an age for
everything a smoking age in other words when you're twenty one it's okay to get yourself
lung cancer but if you're nineteen and that you're not old enough to make that decision
just like this crap about the age of majority every you know most countries where it's just a
matter of opinion most countries even some that we consider very backward uh... the the legal
age for consensual sexual acts is fifteen or sixteen in this country it's what seventeen for
heterosexual acts and eighteen for yes here there's a different age for heterosexual or homosexual
acts of course or is it eighteen for both there's all these gray areas depending on which state
you're in i didn't say gay areas i said what what's well we'll find out what state you're in
lies in a prone or uh... what position if if you're more than two years older you can be sixteen
as long as the person isn't more than two years older and over eight while it's an
added so in other words if a little guy's banged a sixteen year old chick he's in violation of
laws that we're saying to me something like that isn't that ridiculous yeah isn't that absurd
here's a fort lot of the hello ill yes sir back to you happy sookis yeah on the
proposition ring the guy from uh... broken up for a lot of the
no big deal well there you go you're right close enough for us yeah you got it another thing on
the on the pot i own a business i drug test right on the application bring the drugs in i test
uh... uh... uh... all right all right see if the track back where we certainly know nothing about
drugs there's your kind of boss George i thought we had that
oh yeah he wouldn't know what to do with him as in
happy for him
the problem back and i think i want to kill what
and
what are they back
off going down you as one
and i feel like craft time for forty five but it's doing twenty two
and i'm trapped so watch out for all because i'm coming out to you
i'm gonna
yeah i'm gonna run you down
you're better thought it down
probably need not with such a scary side
i'm gonna be sick
the waitress knows there's no tip tonight
i hope she's sick
she doesn't seek french and the frog gets kissed
he's in the head
why is he ticked
when the check comes he can read English
he's in the head
what's wrong
yeah we know from last week
but do they have to be so cheap
why must you pause my bet all the way to Florida
go for it
go for it
just stop at south of the border
go back
we don't want to
from some of the beach
she's such a scary side
look at that
the belly's filling over and the spandex cold
time
wow are they back
i wish they just go back
i can't take it anymore
what is summer coming
i'll help them back
speaking of driving crosshuck
i don't realize how many go in the right this country
and continue driving across the interstates
and you stop at one of those stuckeys or stuckeys or whatever
they're called man talk about pack with goiim with bad taste
although i do like some of that candy
the peanut brittle is okay
i've never had a nut rule
yeah when it slipped out of my hand
then roll too far though
here's a coconut grove hello
there's no fags in Columbus
yeah that's what i hear
yeah nil do you remember a couple years ago maybe one or two
a guy was driving down i-75
he was depressed wanted to commit suicide
and he jumped into his pickup truck with a six pack
started driving down i-75 the wrong way
right i remember that
yeah sure do
and stuff like that that makes me think i don't understand why alcohols legal in my one is not
i was saying i'm a smoker
real quick
i don't think how much we would have had to smoke for the same effect
think about it how long i would have taken
real quick nil i heard a song about tongues
religious tongues
beginning tongues and that kind of gave me a flashback
yeah my mom that used to be a pentacostle
and i grew up and i mean i remember seeing my grandmother my uh my mom
and just like talking in tongues
and dropping on the floor and i would just sit there and giggle
you know i made no sense to me with so
ever um anyway real quick nil
um it's enough to give me the heebie jibis just thinking
i think you are song ones
it was uh for the panthers no say too
and i got another one please let me sing it
okay go ahead okay
i'm christweber
i'm christweber
god arrested for a bag of red hair
i'm the ghetto dream
to play be bar without a drug screen
i'm christweber
i'm christweber
call time out when i got sprayed with pepper
burn my eyes that's mean
how about a couple drops of
vizeme i'm james brown
i'm james brown
nil
uh included
here's minis springs hello
yeah hi i was calling because i heard the guy talking about
uh the fact that it was legal and it was legal
but you know i don't i don't smoke marijuana
i haven't done since college days but
but the thing is i'm a firm believer that uh
as long as it doesn't kill you
and you're harming anybody else go ahead and do
let me ask you this
can you go into a drugstore right now
and buy rat poison
yes yes you can
and that will kill you and you know it's got warning labels on the on the can or
whatever you're buying it
and you can go you can go into any story
you can go into a supermarket you go into drugstore
and by legally all kinds of substances that will kill you
you can go into home depot and buy paint thinner
and if you drink it it will kill you
i guarantee you that make no mistake about it
so the idea that something may or may not be harmful for you which is all very
subjective by the way and a lot of it very dubious and debatable
but since when is that the guy the only job that i see the government is to tell us
you know give us the information
tell us can this be harmful to me how harmful is it
and then let me make my own guide damn decision
well that's what i'm saying
you know the thing is is that the only reason it was made illegal
is because it's relatively easy to grow and difficult to attack
and by the lobbying of both alcohol
and cigarettes which it's well alcohol is relatively easy
but the question of cigarettes growing it
drying it out and actually making cigarettes on your own most people aren't going to do
whereas anybody could like grow plant in a backyard
and they just simply take a few leaves
let them dry out in the oven and then smoke it
oh my god
and apparently that's what they don't want
and there would be a lot of competition for those two other industries
oh my god
whereas in the back row that's proving beyond a shadow without
that's killing people every day
there are people puffing on faggots right now
who are going to croak from lung cancer
and emphysema and we've warned them and we've warned them
and we've had all those craggy voice guys
the guy that used to play Hamilton burger on peri Mason
what the hell was his name and what the guy i'm talking about
i'm dying from lung cancer
and John Wayne and all these other big macho guys that are croaking
and if you you know they tell you that
and you still want to smoke then go ahead be my guest
and enclosed just don't blow it in my face
that's what the moniker said
they're puffing on cigarettes too
exactly have a great day
okay what are we getting all worked up about
just because we realize we live in a country
where our freedoms are very limited
we have a bunch of assholes sitting around deciding
what you can do and what you can't do
and telling you what's good for you and what's not
and then we have some idiots who are going along with that
who want to be manipulated
well if you want to be manipulated okay go to some fascist god damn place
go to some communist country
if you go to Cuba for christ's
go live with the del he'll tell you what you can do
and what you can't do go live with the pope
you'll have one hell of a time there man
go live in a Vatican
under the watchful eye of the cardinals man i don't mean stand musiel
you won't be able to do anything that's fun
because they're busy doing taking them all up themselves
you
yeah
yeah
hot is good
yeah
yeah
yeah
what have got no cannabis
smoking hot like one of us
getting high on the back of the bus
just him and Moses getting strong
on a greyhound bus to roll
to get some Vatican homegrown
a couple time back to take home
no
no
no
big pop Marley on his throne
no fun and heaven is your soul
yeah
yeah
yeah
first of all we have five 507
who are you?
so all day in the morning
now
here is all day
and
and
and
and welcome to the house
okay and
and we be your sports doctor
I beat my breakfast
with all with you you haven't touched your sausage
I don't have a knife here use mine
kill out baby
I said enough not a machete
I always keep one hand in case I encounter those columbians who are killed
my wife
yeah like you be looking for them
that's right I know we'll show up on the golf course one day
speak to the dog did you hear about the victory of Thunderworld
yo he's having a self-all-violence
he should have gave me a call I do the job right
like slashing devil hands okay you devil you by the way I'd like to take this
opportunity to thank the water nazi and roya for giving us this opportunity
of be having our own show no no we can squat like the water nazi
what you be talking about he was outside the stadium the other day
I saw squatting in the parking lot
well when you got it go you got it go
yeah she went all right in every way
that's right she was squatting and dipping and twisting and fishing
and leaving super nears now I understand and all this time
I thought I'd be ticking and alligator
who's there who'd have been who'd have been over there
the whole brand director what do you want what do you want
you know you may act big it's uh
get out of here you want who's there
oh it's nick thonayna wqa
what's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell
we really love hidden malls
the only thing that separates us from the men
is the country clubs bathroom stalls
a lady my girlfriend is all certain fatty
she's the clown on the verge she called me daddy
must die that five tuna taco
all right still ladies call for me
my favorite hole it doesn't have any number
a green or a fairway
no sweat because I'm a snapper lapper
I play golf and I'm gay
I'm a gay time by heart in clubhouse
lesbian golf is the only time to get out
I'm gay let's play L-P-G-A
still ladies call for me
and ride a disgrace chicks sit on my face
it's still ladies call for me
ooooooo
if you had my butt would you be a great disown
please do all cheeks
if your butt could come fair with my air
well there again would you be a good morning
with your big eyes
it would be my girls would not could be done
and would this song have become number one
take a look at my girl tell me if it was a nice
would I be the star of the movie out of sight
then look at me and don't they see
like a nice yummy
they want to grab it grab it all though
if you had my butt would you have a limousine
with a big fantasy
for your high knees
then would you have more cash with a big ol' ship
and ask the kids you know your dreams
under my big dreams
if you had my butt would you have a limousine
with a big bad
hey how the hell are you?
welcome to jack in the box
I'm jacking the box
can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean
I'd like a jack burger and a large fries
sorry pal we're cleaning the grease fryer
we don't have any french fries today
okay uh they just give me a small order of fries please
look chief maybe you didn't hear me
I said we don't have any f*** fries today
so how about something else
okay then just give me an order of fries
listen up pal
who put the straw and straw berry
did you do that's right
nature did who put the apenate brigade
nature does right nature did
now listen carefully
who put the freak in french fries
there ain't no freak in french fries
that's what I've been trying to tell you
but breath there ain't no freak in french fries
now get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down
you f*** it so you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it
oh and have a nice day
I tried
and there paint
I don't think I like you anymore
you used to watch me shave
now you do stare at the floor
and own there penis
I don't like you anymore
I used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine
that's how we needed to get back
now it seems things are changing
I think that you're the one who blamed there penis
I don't like you anymore
he sings
near right now
I don't think I like you anymore
because when you get to drinking
you put me places I've never been before there right now
I don't like you anymore
why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand
relationship
time to time is a truly how we feel
if we put our heads together
we just stay home forever and there penis
I don't like you after all
oh and runny while you're shaving the shave my phone
stop
perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word
f**k out of all the English words that begin with a letter F
is the only word that is referred to as the F word
it's the one magical word
just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love
f**k as most words in the English language
is derived from German, the word flikin, which means to strike. In English, f*** falls into
many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John f***ed Shirley. Its
meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective, such as John's doing all
the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing
an adjective, Shirley is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part
of a word, abso f***ing loosely or inf***ing credible. And as almost every word in a sentence,
f***ing f***ing f***ers. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility
of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ed that
they use carlot. This may, off f*** it. Trouble, I guess I'm really f***ed now. Aggression,
don't f*** with me, buddy. This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you!
560 WQAM presents the Joe Envo Show. Starting Joe Costello and Bo Griffith. Indeed,
call 56070560, mobile user's dial bound 560. To max Joe Envo, call 3056500198. Now, here's Joe Envo.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Oh, you've been looking at me, honey, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me, don't look at me,
the last five impression Toll!
Take your worrying things, in here right now, right now!
Okay, go on, let's go, let's go! Stuff to else,
Okay, go on, let's go, blah, blah, blah
No worries, broat, no worries, broat, that's fine before.
Perfect, yeah, we'll be here first,
From heaven, exactly!
its happening when I was 2 years!
And that's...
That's...
Be careful with that.
I didn't have to go down there!
You're my...
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
This is Luna's spell with Don Elves.
I'm a Don El Jacken.
And today we're gonna spell the word poem.
Tell it with me now.
O-O-E.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
Hey dude, hold the dough all for me.
This is Luna to spell with Don Elves.
I'm a Don El Jacken.
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
This is Luna to spell with Don Elves.
I'll be Don El Jacken.
And today we're gonna spell the word paradise.
Tell it with me now.
Paradise.
B-A-R-A-D-I-S-E.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
Whenever I go out to gamble,
I always take along my luck as paradise.
Be good to me now.
This is Luna to spell with Don El.
I'll be Don El Jacken.
Yeah!
Listen to me.
This is Stand By and Steam for Sofa King.
And stand where everything is held to the high Sofa King standards.
The selection isn't just huge, it's Sofa King huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Sofa King's price is not as low,
they're so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Sofa King as a beautiful store,
I mean Sofa King beautiful.
When I say the staff is helpful,
I mean Sofa King helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Sofa King and enjoy a selection that's Sofa King huge.
A staff that's Sofa King courteous and prices that are Sofa King low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from Satisfied Customer Frank and Stein.
Sofa King good.
You Sofa King good.
Sofa King good.
Sofa King good.
It used to be hot back in the good old days,
before the old part came and politicians stayed whole day.
This town was once alive.
They even had spring grey.
There were things to do all night,
inbroward and in day.
Let the old fart walking dead,
and the tower to the left,
the crooked wheels,
who just got off the boat.
I heard Neil Rogers cry.
It's just a day that cry on me die.
Everyone who thought the day knew best,
or the ones who brought us forward,
they told us to buy a meal.
Can you believe there was a time?
They had casinos and hal
and dales,
tried to organize the crime,
but the experiments had failed.
When the brain did kick his down,
and tore the thugs up down,
they pissed along the place.
It's a big cut in the screen.
I heard Neil Rogers cry.
This is the day that cry on me die.
Why did they place a cousin in
what's self-serving as a woman
was at the knee?
I heard Neil Rogers cry.
What about the bad boy?
All the white folks hate the black folks,
and the black folks hate the white folks,
to hate all but the right folks
is an old established rule,
but during the national brotherhood week,
national brotherhood week,
lean a horn and sheriff's park
are dancing cheap to cheeky.
It's fun to utilize the people you despise
as long as you don't let them in your school.
Older poor folks hate the rich folks,
and the rich folks hate the poor folks,
all of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as apple pie,
but during national brotherhood week,
national brotherhood week,
New Yorkers love the poise
and the cats or reekens cause it's very sheesh.
Step up and shake the hand of
someone you can't stand,
you can tolerate him if you try.
Older Protestants hate the Catholics,
and the Catholics hate the Protestants,
and the Hindus hate the Muslims,
and everybody hates the Jews,
but during the national brotherhood week,
national brotherhood week,
it's national everyone smile at one
and other hood week be nice to people
who are inferior to you.
It's only four a week, so have no fear.
Be grateful that it doesn't last for you.
Woo! Hiya, Pally!
I'm sorry, I've waited to see you in there.
Don't look okay. I'm making you.
You always close the door, will you?
I can't.
Don't go looking in the door.
I spread my legs when I splatter.
My cheeks are touching the floor.
Don't want nobody to see me like that.
I'm reading the paper.
Then the handicaps door.
Please don't come in.
Beasts and gildies.
Ah!
Mark and Jo.
Sorry.
Who had come in?
You're not gonna come in.
You're not gonna come in today.
I'm not.
Reagan or Hay?
That's disgusting.
Mad George Jim.
I am.
I can't look the door.
Because I can't see.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Don't go looking in the door.
I'm dropping toys in the well.
Please don't turn around.
Try to ignore.
I'm putting to do something.
I'm in here making.
With my pants on the floor.
Next to my chin.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Huh?
Damn.
Finally done.
Hey, my hand's all broke.
The hand's all broke.
My hand's all broken.
It's not me.
It's not me.
It's not me.
What's gonna help me?
It's not me.
Harry.
All right.
Let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Pop daddy.
Sitting in the chair.
I'll call you Puffy.
Yo, yo, man.
Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marena, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is $100 a question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't the million dollar question.
Well, this is the first one.
Man.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a light one?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the 50-50, and the phone a friend.
Ask the audience.
That's only white people in here.
That 50-50 ain't gonna help me.
Oh, you know what?
I'm gonna phone a friend.
I'm gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right.
Who are we gonna call, Puffy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty we call him.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Registra Filman from who wants to be a millionaire.
How are you?
I got your friend here, Puff Daddy.
Yo, dirty was that?
Was that?
Was that?
Was that?
Was that?
Was that?
All right.
All right.
Old dirty.
Old dirty.
Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
And he'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his.
And 30 seconds begins now.
Was that?
Your dirty.
Finish this off for me, all right?
Hey, man.
Pickering, dickering, blank.
Is it A-Doc?
B-P-R-C-Morino?
Or D-Illit?
Oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
I know this, man.
I know it.
I see his pier.
P, you sure?
About... about 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
All right, man.
Times off, uh, old dirty.
Said pier.
Whew.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Want to poll the audience?
No, I like to add it, I find.
Actually, no.
There's only, uh, three lifelines.
You've used one.
You have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
Uh, no.
What is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Dark, it's A.
It's Dark.
My final answer is Dark.
It's Dark.
And it's a good one.
You got a hundred dollars.
Run, you run, you white bull!
Run, Sheldon!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
Run, you white bull!
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show, there's a new topic each night.
Who'd you have sex with with a black or with a white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Oh my God, I feel so good.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Oh, I'm sure you're going to be.
Oh yeah, who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Oh my God.
Oh, you're close, my boss.
Play with my boss.
Oh, I feel so good.
I'm just around number one.
There's a ton of people.
Oh my God, what are you doing?
I'm just running.
Hey!
What else?
I'll be to a tower.
When I was hung like a gold.
Like a gold.
Like my political, my name.
She said, for her he blew you.
You got a look for you.
I said, for you.
She called the circle the size of four and look of size.
He grabbed my human, gave a blade, a swing.
And then he cut me.
He cut me.
I used to be real and leave a bow on home like an axe.
I was bigger than that until the rabbi caught me.
He cut me, cut me, cut me, cut me.
Try to find a Jew that's how you do.
That's how you're supposed to know me one.
The only one.
Because of your he blew you.
He can be hung of your Jew.
He hung of your old Jew.
And my police, I'm still on.
The police, I still are.
My religious humanity.
He had the rabbi cut me.
He cut me.
I say, please don't cut me.
Don't worry.
Oh, like a nut.
Help me try to grow without taking a hand.
And not be home like an athlete.
Rub me, rub me, rub me.
Rub me, rub me.
Rub me, rub me.
Rub me, rub me.
Rub me, rub me.
Rub me, rub me.
Oh, like a nut.
Yes, please.
Oh, like a nut.
Yes, please.
Oh, like a nut.
Yes, please.
Oh, like a nut.
Hey baby, wanna do?
Yeah, hop into my Lincoln.
Oh, it's a nice car, baby.
You bet your ass, baby.
Yo, T-Bow, man, do the time.
Oh, yeah, man.
Oh, okay, man.
Hey, what's that?
It's nothing.
It's a dog.
Oh, no, man, it's a little bit far, man.
It's a little bit far, man.
It's a little bit far, man.
It's Barbie with all the fly accessories.
Fish and head stockings.
Three in-spite heels.
Genuine needle marks on the arm.
And removable teeth.
Oh, man, yo, yo, yo, check it.
Oh, look out for your teeth, miss.
I put on a red finisher, and I slapped the roof all week on the bits.
Boy, yeah, man.
That bitch is down, T.
Oh, man.
Take off that finisher, miss.
Hooker, bitch, Barbie.
And coming soon, Andre the talking pig.
What?
Bitch, get your ass in the car.
I said, put it down.
Run along to the gate square.
And it's got a great big zipper in the back of my pants.
Get off the horse at the old barn door.
Got my saddle burned around.
I'm arriving on the horn.
Look inside, poster dancing all around.
There goes Johnny and his mother's night gown.
All the man left and all the man right.
All the man needs his appellation fight.
Give your partner a silly smirk.
All going hands for a big circle jerk.
Volunteers all raise your hand.
Who's going to be the next pivot man?
Invatch your partner home for a drink.
Lick your lits and give him a wink with a great big smile and a great big nod.
Let him know your gerbil's beclawed.
Getting a head start in learning is very important for your child.
No matter what language your school system recognizes.
Class repeat after me.
AEIOU.
And if your school system endorses black English, then getting that head start means getting hooked on ebonyx.
Class repeat after me.
AEIOU.
Hooked on ebonyx teaches your child the intricacies of this new language through direct comparison with regular English.
Just listen.
Can I please have a cookie?
Good. Now try it in ebonyx.
Give me the damn cookie bits.
Very good to me.
Hooked on ebonyx is the learn-of-home language system that will have your bright young preschooler talking like a violent gang member in just six short weeks.
He'll learn the double negatives.
I know, fuck them.
The excess plural.
No, no, no, no, that's what it reminds.
And the proper way to pose an inquiry.
Yeah, let me ask you a question.
Hooked on ebonyx. Order today.
And by the time your child is ready for school.
Hey, go into no dance school.
He'll be ready to drop out. That's our guarantee. Hooked on ebonyx.
Hooked on ebonyx is not endorsed by anyone in the right mind.
You come onto me and whisper things in my ear.
It sounds so odd.
But if you want to tell me, you're slow.
There's things about me that I don't think you know.
I'm underage.
I said and jean, you should be scared of me.
Cause you forgot that she lived for sweet when he.
If I sweet, you would have breathed and made.
She was 25 but she's just a teen.
Perfectee. I've been my last sweet.
Daddy called me a cop last night.
So my rest got perfect to see.
Because I'll have such a ring.
None of my skirts teach my needs.
And I but just think right out of my show.
She's underage.
She'll think.
First 25, you should be scared of her.
Yeah.
And rolling stones, breath made of a dynamite.
She's looking right by.
She was 25 but she's just a teen.
I did this for me.
Maybe we changed into the world of my Tyson.
We got to be little words for the day.
The world is pin of code.
Pin of code.
In the middle of the time, my pin of show gets cold.
Don't be done.
Don't be done.
I'll be back kids.
Oh, goodness.
Do I gotta go?
Do I gotta go?
Oh, I don't have a pants.
Oh, oh.
Hey.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm in here.
I'm in here.
Missy right now.
Oh.
Farnie.
Farnie.
Farnie.
We just wait a minute.
Eee.
Oh, that was stupid.
Oh, here comes another one.
Wait, I'm in sort of butt there.
Coming.
Here come kids.
Roll another one.
Okay.
I was gonna clean my room until I got on.
I was gonna get up and find the broom.
But then I got hot.
Loud at my room.
Still messed up.
And I know why, why, man.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
Loud at hot.
I was gonna go to class before I got hot.
Come on, yo.
Check it out.
I could have cheated and I could have passed.
But I got hot.
Loud at my room.
I'm taking a next semester.
And I know why, why, why, why.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
Yeah, cuz I got hot.
I was gonna pay my child support.
But then I got hot.
No, you what?
They did it loud.
I think of my whole paycheck.
And I know why, why, me.
Yeah.
Cuz I got hot.
They do it loud.
They do it loud loud.
Loud at that.
I wasn't gonna run from the cops.
But I was hot.
I'm serious man.
I was gonna pull right over and stop.
But I was hot.
Loud I got hot.
Now I'm a peerup.
Please check in.
And now I'm...
I was gonna make love to you
Oh, did I got a heart?
Oh, what should I say?
I'm sorry
Oh, did I got a heart?
Yeah
Egooo
Sibuuu
I miss my entire life
Yeah, because I got high
Yeah, lost my keys and white
Because I got high
Say what, say what, say what, say what
Now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk
And I know why, why me
Yeah, hey, because I got high
Because I got high
Because I got high
I'm a stop singing the song
Because I'm high
I'm singing this whole thing wrong
Yeah, because I'm high
Bring it back, bring it back, come on
And if I don't still want to copy
I'm a wild, why me
Yeah, hey, because I'm high
Because I'm high
Because I'm high
Are you real?
Yeah, I don't matter
He really is high
You should be real, why me
I'm a wild, why me
Would you fear your nephew is in hell?
I feel that my nephew
is not with the Lord at no
Not with the Lord, in other words in hell
I don't know, I feel no one alone
No one can be cause a
He can't
cause his body is like a limo
You fear that that Roman Catholic
Communionist, they ate your nephew's body
Yes, sir
All right, we have on the line in Van Aes here
Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 640, hello
How you doing? Good
First of all, I put my condolences to you
on the line with your nephew
Are you a priest? Yes, I am
Okay, so I just want to let you
press by something for you, okay?
Yes, sir, this is just
you've been missing form about
the Catholic Church
What if you just hang on on explain to what I believe
and then you can draw your own conclusion
Are you a priest?
Release me from teaching it
and you draw your own conclusion
Let the father explain, okay?
Okay, first of all, we believe that
when we see communion
we receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ
Oh, to my God
Well, hold on, man, I mean
I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is
You eat flesh and blood
If you want to look at it, that way that's fine
Oh, my God, I want to find
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion
I want to find
Now, you've got to let the father explain
Well, when I want to hear you talk about it
What if he doesn't listen from?
This is our hell-raiser, like Clive Parker's young man
Okay, the young sir, because you've been missing form about
What happens to your nephew and I will tell you
You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing
Excuse me? Don't you eat it?
We eat the host, yeah
The host?
But he sees the whole body of the man
That's not what I said
You said you eat the blood and the flesh
Of whom?
On the man?
No, on Jesus Christ
Oh, God, that is a blasphemy
Well, if you choose to believe that
I'm trying to do it until you're not by belief
So you need to take it to the religion form
Do you eat up on the booty too?
I'm not going to answer that
I don't understand what that means
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
Let him finish
Let him just say what he has to say
The scriptures man, where Jesus took bread
And blessed and broken and said
Take this and eat it
This is my body
And then he said the cup of wine he said
Take and drink this is my blood
And again he said, I'm going to eat my body
And drink my blood and I'm going to write the name
Oh my God
This is good Friday
Exactly, and you're talking about eating up on Jesus
I'm going to tell you that
For me what we believe
You grab it on Jesus, ain't you?
You want?
Grab it all over on Jesus
If I think you choose to believe
And my nephew, what about him?
Okay man, I'm again
I'm back on Jesus
Then Catholics, Matt, done your boy
You want to laugh on the floor?
You want to laugh on the floor?
You want to laugh on the floor?
You want to laugh on the floor?
I'll tell you
Listen to me
It's like a brother best homie
Listen father, I thank you for taking the time
I really do
How are you? I'm your good Easter
You pay for your sins
Well, only better to die
That's true, thanks father
That was a Roman Catholic priest
They're making on my boy like a brother best friend
Oh, you can eat me
What was it?
What's it called man?
Oh, you could eat me, bro
Oh, you could eat me, bro
Oh, you could eat me, bro
Oh, God
So, I understand
Has that sonny love been retarded?
Voice of bombers the wrong way
And oven barons can be in America
Where they follow books like cheese
The United States of arrogance
And by Bush and his family
We beg of this country
Of the humbling torque the largest maze
And I disagree
I don't want to be a Pax America
In the goddamn USA
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living it the last
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe
And anyone who says that obviously
And so forth to lead
And oven barons to be in America
Where we take triologically
We've a flag in one hand with our hand in the sand
And blindly follow the powers that be
Habitat tick, ho, ho
Up, washing stink from news
On a 65 inch screen
Scratch your balls and fire
Everything's okay
In the goddamn USA
Go, let's marry
Oh, oh, oh
As Nancy K was leaving her ring
She's lucked up from behind
Bang, bang, ton, you're still the hammer came down
Upon her knee
Bang, bang, ton, you're still the hammer made sure
On victory
A limb-pick-madden round on you is an ugly ground
Over every move
She can't find the groove
She's off balance
Oh, oh, oh, oh
She foregoes her plan
Makes her way into the stand murder on her mind
She has never minded a challenge
Oh, oh, oh, oh
The crowd they make a break for the door
But it's too late to run
Bang, bang, ton, you're still the hammer just smashing in their heads
She would not leave little hammer till everyone was dead
2048, Tom, you're at the perigate
St. Pete checks his book
He gives her a look and he tells her
Now, out, out, out
She claims she's innocent
Laces up and throws a 50 ton of teeth on the line
This guy's out of line and he's got to go
Oh, oh, oh, oh
As St. Pete was turning the page
Tom, you're took perigate
Bang, bang, ton, you're still the hammer rang saint
