Well, so listen now you're picking on that guy yet some interesting points about Mo
5 6 7 0 5 you got that down Carlos
Poor Carlos he came in late today because he had to pick up his illegal alien nephew
But the raft come in yeah, it was gonna deport him. Oh, he actually took him back down to the raft to long drive to the keys
you know and
They're doing a little whitewater rafting this weekend
And so he comes in like just before 9 o'clock and we got eight million bedtime stories on there
Which probably aren't even on there yet. I would imagine are they half of the more and the other the rest of them will be up in about 30 seconds
Yeah, let me take a look. I don't see any of them
Now I see all the old stuff from my yesterday
Refresh here very there. Well, just relax. I'm just looking at it. I need to bust your balls a little bit. Okay, if we could find any
This is the only guy like we told you to wash his balls in the sink at the QAM 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T of a rise in line
We've got double barrels today man. We got like
Cooper the price of one
One thing you can say about this show whether they like it or hate it the price continues to be right
Nice checking the back yesterday by the way here's Pember Pines hello
Pember Pines yes, hello, yes sir
Two things Mo comment but first for your poll
Feelings by Morris. Oh
That's the first one that came to my mind that could be the winner right there
No, there's a more Albert more Albert. Oh my god. I wanted somebody else to say that. That's one everybody like
Mox did you know? Oh, it's just grotesque they killed it. Yeah, they butchered it. Well, I wasn't that good in the first place
Right also the mode comment is the problem with him is he thinks is he's the ultimate authority on everything
Mm-hmm. That's awful. In other words, he talks down to the audience is what you're saying exactly. Thank you, sir
I think he had a stomach on it don't you he's a little bit condescending
You know, I'm saying a little bit condescending maybe he ought to lighten up just a little bit not be quite so goddamn
My dogmatic about everything if you hear my grip. Oh, okay
Feelings by Morris Albert boy. Look at took us a long time on our and plus to give that one that came to my mind
But wow that's gonna give Debbie Boone and you let up my life a real round and now this is one we will put this on our love
Okay, because we were already battered mo pretty good
Ha ha ha ha ha
Breaded and battered. Hey listen. Why let me say this mo
You can't you can't point it. I only wish that the other people on a radio station would talk about me and about this show as much as we talk about him
Okay, believe me once in a great while. I mean tank does fairly regular in fact
Hank even talked about the the city's pool we did last week remember that the one day
Yeah, and the mad dog he picked up on the the one about the hot looking chicks and he said all grace Kelly
Too pristine looking for me, you know, what is that all about? I don't know is there such a thing?
I don't know that's it. Yeah, he likes to slurp. I mean Brittany's a slut, but she's pristine looking yeah
So you don't have to be like slutty looking but I guess if anybody likes red of on brown
I mean what is there's another reason he might not like Grace Kelly and what's that I'm a homo
I know not Hank didn't say that mad dog. Oh, I'm sorry Jesus. Oh, yeah
I'm walking out I am walking out ladies and gentlemen. I'm leaving
What are you trying to do here today you just just
No, I said Hank picked up the pool we did on the cities on the grade the most overrated city
Well, we don't have a drop of managed saying that well
We have something
We must we haven't saying everything else we haven't say every other guy did I hear it is way man
Like naked guy there. There you go. That's man. It's junior. That's not the real one. It's Scotty Mac
Yeah, man. It's so to speak and then I want to bang in the butt honey. See that could be construed when he was talking
Anyway, 28th
I mean we got everything we got 75 million of these in here no matter what it is we even got Joe Rose
If you want to get carried away. I like the Wii Wii see
28 past 10 at 560 QM if you spent the whole year last year avoiding mirrors because you don't want to see that big gross
Ugly bald spot make this deer that you get your hair back and we're talking about great looking here
Look on a QA website take a look at Mo on his anniversary and oh my god. You're just crap your pants
But the answer is not the some mouse you look in here piece not some dead animal on your top of your head
Not holes drilled in your head not dangerous pills that make you sick and don't go one follicle back
But Charles Alphier is natural hairline system
That's why Charlie's been around so long because he always uses the latest technology and he produces sensational results for those who need a lot or just a little bit more
Here with the most amazing natural hairline available
And that's what it's all about we say natural hairline because it looks like the hair is really grown out of your scalp instead of some
Grotesque silly straw that somebody laid on your head like a straw hat
Charlie's been doing it for the famous and then also famous for were 25 years because his system is affordable and if you mention the
Arigis when you call him not an extra 200 bucks off the already low price
Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems while you wait for only
25 or 30 bucks
You have nothing to lose but that ball spot because Charlie has that 30 day guarantee if you were to hair for 30 days
And don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting laid at least five 10 15 20 times a day
Charlie give you a full refund call him toll free tell that Neal torny to call 1 800 321
2413
1 800 321
2413 or log onto their website at Charles Alphierry dot com
You
Holy cow errands coming my vagina really gets my panties in a lot new this fall on Fox
It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen the king of pop snuggles into his king-size bed with warm
Milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity
And no this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of
Moldley and Disney's new animated adventure the general book to please welcome my special guest in my bed
Hayley George
Do we have a business in your bed? It's innocent. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with Barry Gib
So tell me Hayley George
How is it working with lovable bear balloon?
He's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Yeah, hey, look what I could do with this
Oh
He's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed
I'm here with my next guest snuggle up in my bed. It's a big TV star the child who plays sip of it's his son on my pd
Blue hello child who plays sip of it's son on my pd blue
Would you like to play a game child who plays sip of it's son on my pd blue? Sure
Shoot and play this game with Barry Gib all the time
Put the mask
Touch this one time
So grab some warm milk and cookies and join wacko jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before
Sleeping with Michael Jackson we can't it's on Fox huge conventional bomb to be tested today. Guess where I give up on
Haglan Air Force Base in Florida. Oh
Air Force officials more in Florida panhandle residents of test and a gigantic explosion
So if you're a big bomb you'll know that the world isn't coming to win and we don't think
How do you like that?
Makes sense that they're gonna drop it on Florida up in a pan out of which we shouldn't be making fun of that
Because probably we got people listening who got kids going to fs and you
Yeah, when you think you think and maybe have like relatives have kin folks up there
All of them maybe we got some people up kin folks up there got a lot of money and they're thinking oh yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 huh 5 60 on a 8 look at that there it is right on the CNN Fort Walton Beach
Haglan Air Force Base just East of Pensacola
Can quite frantically this is one of two web between noon and five by the way
To develop specifically for use in Iraq
They'd like to try out some new things if they can make it work
This one looks like it's gonna be first in line
If they can make it work and if there's like a little uh if they're off a few miles
There goes the state capital
390 votes on the pool is uh Mohawar David's first anniversary on a QM morning show
How do you rate his performance and we've only got another 24 minutes for this one then we'll change the pool
390 votes a stellar turnout a disaster the worst 144 36.9 percent
Keeps coming down though you notice
Yeah, who's Mohawar David at 108
Week I rarely listen to 89
Okay, I do listen 37 and outstanding and it is mild like Chesterfield Queens and it's changing. I'm stalling out 12
So 36.9 percent say it is after the worst outstanding 12 3 percent
Here's a call from Halendale. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Man. Hi, ma'am. I have everyone for your sugar pole. I will always love you by Whitney Houston
Yeah, okay
All right, I never saw the movie because I hated the song so much. I don't blame you. Thank you. All right. Thank you
I will always love you by Whitney Houston
I think I know that song do I
Yeah, I do
I'm not gonna sing it
Come on
56705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon. I do know that song not that I'm thinking about a little slow on songs like that that I try to get out of my mind
In fact, I'm hoping next time if I have another one of those little strokes
Yeah, in the spot where those songs are all hiding. Oh, it's nothing nice if you could selectively go away
You just pick a spot, you know, yeah memories about certain radio people that you've worked for places that you've been people are working in morning on your station
Sorry, Mo
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil how's it going? Okay. Hey, I got a couple for the pole. You can pick which one is the worst of the two
I think it's a tie
Key Largo by Bertie Higgins
Now
I do we had it all just like Bogey and the call oh
You're right. Oh God and the night Chicago died which I think that's good
That was overplayed to the point of nausea absolutely. So either one of those two's close me. Thanks amigo
You're the man. Well, okay. Well, let's put them both on it. Who's that by the night Chicago died?
Hey, police
We did not did so tie but the way it's a tie
And aboard goes back
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Now we got that baseball game within and so no mad dog today
Well, he's got a tough schedule, you know
Hi, Sponor mad dog
He's probably with his lawyers today. Give me the file. I'm massive lawsuit
Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you? Great. How you doing?
I'm doing good. I got a song that just could make your toes curl
Paul Anker's having my baby. Oh wow. Oh my god. I was standing choice enough to make you want to have an abortion
Yes, man
Almost got awful song if that doesn't win. I could not tell you whatever song
A
Thank you sooner. I love you and have a great day. You too
Bye
This is as close as we can come. Oh, if you would let it go
I could hit the post you hit it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T Paul like he's Canadian by the way
Did you know that did not he's of I think Lebanese or Syrian? I think Lebanese descent
But from Canada they had the his biography on the other day too. I shut it right off
Does he have an H in his name somewhere is it just a an K a Paul Hanker? Yeah
Here's vocal hello. How you doing? I'm gonna okay, sir
Two things nomination for worsen has to be
Celebration by cool in the gang every damn wedding since
1978 is flat that song. Mm-hmm. I'm surprised we haven't gotten to a very glitter yet
It's celebration has to be the worst and oh
Believe it or not. I missed your rules and those guys those guys were fun to listen to now
I'd listen to actually NPR rather than mo that's how bad mo is oh my god. Wow you ain't kidding
I only listen what I voted rarely listen because I have to get some sports out of it
But just on most merits alone. Sorry buddy
Okay, thanks for the bad news all right
Like I said, thanks for the good news 409 votes. Can you believe that? Yep wow
A shocker from the old cocker
Who's hanging around some sports guys locker
We're trying to grab Marines knockers
I think
Ah
Now we're good. Yeah, I see that's another thing it's got me not only said used in every goddamn sporting event to the point
Where you want to just puke your guts out and just go strangle a guy that's doing the sound but uh, that's sour
Oh, it's just it's an awful awful thing. It's a horrible. No, you're wrong me. That's a lot of fun
Hey, hey, you know, we do hey, yeah, right
How did people ever enjoy a sporting event without all this contrived bull crap, you know?
Probably because the sporting event was a lot better back then the year
Yeah without without 14 beers 10 41 at 5 60 WQM another year is coming gone
And you folks still haven't done the right thing well this year start making yourself smart like me
For over 20 years. I've been using the best in the business to clean my carpets and make them look just like brand new
You ought to be doing the same things starting like right now
Do your spring house cleaning with our friends at dry concepts because they're the only service in the universe that dry clean your carpets
It's an exclusive patented method. It sucks out even the deepest your way way down there in the fibers your carpeting
Which leaves them looking and smelling lemony fresh just like brand new and they're drying a couple of hours
And you'll walk around the house and say I just cannot believe if you never used to be four
You'll say I can't believe how great my carpets look and even if he did use them in the past like I've done
Every time they leave you just shake your head in amazement at house to pendus. They do for you
They leave your carpets who are free vibrant and color and softer than touch as well
So when it's time to clean your carpets your pulse read leather furniture those expensive area rugs
These are the people who every time will do a stupendous job for it a guaranteed
Written price that they give you before they start the work if you have problems with pet odors or mildew odors
Cause by water damage no problem
They'll wave their magic thing and dry concepts will make them look and smell just like brand new
So do yourself a favor try these folks once you never dream or call anybody else dry concepts column tool free at 1-800-248-5071
2-485071 or log onto their website at www.thriveconcepts.com
Don't forget when you use dry concepts clean today. You can entertain tonight
My life and local
Here sports radio 560s you a
You a
M
Oh baby, comply with these titties most people are unaware that they have seven to ten pounds of compressed human waste
Packed in their bowel
You have feces hard packed in your bowels right now pounds and pounds of greasy filthy
Dung tightly packs snugly inside your body your intestines are lined with grease mucus undigested beef fat
Hair oil and a cheesy substance known as skin broth
Until now there was nothing that could be done
Introducing be clean an all-natural supplement that will within three days
Have you defecating your stale sour musty tar like ropes of manure making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years
Call this toll free number now for a free video and see for yourself an actual patient
Let loose his slippery repugnant wall of bowel sludge in the comfort of your own home call today
1046
560 wait until noon for that one
Yeah, I was thinking that's a good lead up to lunchtime for all our dining people out there
Got so many fat people let's play that every day between like 11 and noon
Right before a lunchtime
Hmm. You know, it's amazing because Mo did say this morning. He has no detractors outside the radio station
Only when he walks through that door when he walks through the door
That's when all the problems call the negativity, but outside he don't have any detractors
Mm-hmm. I guess he ain't talking to the same people that I'm hearing from but anyway or that you're talking to or anybody else
How's the rain doing?
440 votes look at that and 36.8% say at a disaster the worst they've ever heard in their lives
A mitigated disaster nice going Greg
Here's a call from Minneapolis hello
Good morning, Uncle Mioh. Thank you for calling
Thanks for having your call
Buck and next to the side of you. I've got three for you to put on the pole
Okay, how about afternoon delight by the starlight vocal band very good choice. Yes
The captain and the old did a great one called muskrat love which will really make you nauseous
And I think Henry Groce sang a song about a lost dog called Shannon
And all three will put you to sleep making nauseous. They'll bring up any lunch with you
You're having a tough time with it. Shannon by Henry Groce
Y'all Shannon really I don't know her that these things about a dog that's gotten lost out to see and he's crying and whaling and complaining
Okay
Dig it up and and you'll regret everything to dig it up so to speak okay. Thanks. All right. See you
Shannon what was the other one?
Afternoon delight starlight vocal band. Yeah, muskrat love. Well, I'm not writing these down anyway. It's gonna write like
I'll buy a captain and uh, Shlamila. Yeah
567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
That was up 9.73 points and as there's up 3.44
They still both in the crapper that I was well on the 767.00. The NASX under 1300
They still suck big lemons American Airlines just over two bucks a share
Oh my god. Want to buy some stock? No, come on. How lots of a shithrich
Here's a call from Volka. Hello
Volka. Yes, sir
Hi, Neil. You forgot your favorite song that you hate the most. Yeah
They'll be up on a cop by the foundation. Oh, yeah, right. Oh my god. How could I forget that? Yeah, yeah, because I'm out of town. I'm not listening to magic
Hey, it was great talking to you. It was the everyday. Yeah, thanks for the reminder
For some reason on a radio. Yes, I am thanks to trillion. Thanks Neil bike. See him getting Alzheimer's now
I forgot building a buttercup by the foundations. Oh my god
Boy nauseating the most annoying song of all time and of course you can thank the radio stations
The one-dimensional stations for making songs even more annoying than they really are
In other words a lot of these songs if you just heard them a few times
It's just another song, you know, I'm sure take it or leave it
Like Blue Velvet by Bobbi and Vincent. I can leave it. Mm-hmm blue velvet. There's nobody plays that anymore. Thank god
Find a wheel and it goes round
Huh pretty annoying Perry Como
Perry freaking Como who was living up there in Volka
We
What is he good for a dead guy? Yeah, get rid of him
Oh poor dead babies he must be really lonely
5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6
On the AT&T line. Here's Volka. Hello
Volka you sir. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Um, I
Wanted I can't go until four o'clock so I'd like to say something about four hours and that is
And then I
Don't know where the hell was he what line was he on?
Well, whatever whatever it is too late now see when he hesitate like that
I got a real a real itchy finger man. I like the the Duke and itchy finger. He's still in I need I got him back
Oh, he is online a. Okay. Well excuse me very much sir, but I like to be quick, you know
Oh, I saw you
Again, I can't go to your truck lock so my boat for both Howard and yeah, yeah
And the most annoying songs that I think of is by Bob in the experience that so
Glory be happy we got it. Thank you very much sir. Thank you and try to keep your lunch down
Oh my god, so I have to make you want to go down and blow up the whole island
Yeah, yeah, in fact, why don't they test those I shouldn't say that that's bad
We got a lot of listeners over there in the islands, but they are gonna be dropping a gigantic bomb
And it will not be a test
Do that a Puerto Rico. What do you people in the Bahamas payback is a bitch?
That's right ripping off all the Americans treat us like crap
Taking all of our harder and money and just gouging the crap out of the American public
Just because we live in the antithol state where we can't have gambling the way we like
But you're looting. Oh, there's being a lunatic. There's public for it. I said earlier
Punishment's worse than death. Yeah
hahaha
Oh, that was excellent. That was almost
Not quite but it was almost as good as amtrak
567 05 60 pound 5 60 we're getting to the end on this first pole here
You know, I'm thinking maybe we ought to start doing this every day
Do like kind of a programming oriented
Topical yom sand yeah like a current the kind of a thing
Like who do we despise today the most kind of a pull and then like build on the other one right
And this seems to be in spite of the pull we took last week when they said they hated this like poison
At least it lilylis it's a phenomenal response
That's all we care about we don't care if listeners are like plucking her eyeballs out with her fingers
We don't care about that do we know
We want to make it like nice and easy. We want to do a cop out like that bitch says. It's a cop out
It's uh, you know, we're too lazy to do the other stuff
Is not what it is well, it'd be nice if we got some real calls that said something but
Right so what's the point what's the point of beating our heads against the brick-friccad wall try to change the world
Which we're not gonna do when we're talking to a bunch of people that don't want that in the first place
They could listen to Randy. She's gonna save the world
There you go. Are they gonna listen to lardass? He's gonna make up a bunch of right-wing crap
When I'm interested. Oh, I look at this. Moe is doing such a nice job here toward the end as he's cutting it down under
37% now 36.6% saying it is after the worst
He started out like almost 40% and he's brought that number down to a very disrespectable 36.6% out of 443 votes
Do you realize that we're gonna come close and I kind of do it by 11?
We're gonna come close to 500 votes in two hours and then an hour and 40 minutes
Aren't you shocked yet?
I'm amazed at the power of Moe if he could get numbers as big as this
We really have something going on in this station
Only got seven minutes to go on the mole pool. So you better get with it. Okay. I need your Raju's dot com hop on it
Here's a call from beautiful West Palm Beach. Oh
Hello, sir. Yes, I am. How are you great?
Long time listen to first time caller. I'm a Julio from West Palm. All right
I just got to tell you that moe Howard David it's stuck
Really yeah, we need to bring back D so I think that there's a lot of rumors about that you know
Like a man don't always says if they just crack out of there get the checkbook out make it nice check
Yeah, there you go um and for your song poll I just think that anything by Michael Bolton makes me vomit
Yeah, somebody said that earlier there must be a song better
Hello, let me just pick one of his
Let me just pick one. Okay, your phone's cracking up. Thanks a lot
All right. Love you and George played off each other. Thank you. I say loves when we play with each other
Well, I think anybody knew I'm doing that right. See what am I looking for Michael Bolton? I can't make you puke like that bit
We played a pick oh, yeah, so many I know what was the one that he ripped off? I'm sorry. What was one of the ones that he ripped off sitting on the back of the bay? No
How am I supposed to live without you that was number one? Oh
Love is a wonderful thing when a man loves a woman
stole that from Percy Slate. I never gave him credit either time love and tennis lovers of wire said that George on my mind
He stole everybody go the distance. I would go to live without you. I think is the king of all okay
And with number one for three weeks and they played it 70 times on the coast
I'm a link coast catterwalling
catterwalling
Kind of like what's your name
Whitney
Mm-hmm. Maybe like Whitney on passions. Oh, you still haven't seen
Well, she got six votes share it in from passions. He got six votes
And she's still getting chased all around hospital. Well finally yesterday at the end of the show, which they'll see today
Miguel grabs the white-haired nurse, but I have a feeling he was chasing
Beth all around the hospital and he caught up to some of my white-haired nurse
But I think when we any has this amazed look on his face this shark. Let's gonna be some old bag
It will not be Beth make no mistake about that
That'd be too easy
56705 60 oh here's wolf awaits the world be the liberator rack is what he said right
We're so concerned about those poor Iraqi people are living under repression
Under this terrible tyrant we're going to liberate them from life. Right. We're gonna liberate them from all that reading all that
Istele air
Then we're gonna liberate all the people in Cuba and Iran and North Korea and in Sudan and Libya and Syria and
Egypt and Saudi Arabia and all these other grotesque places where people you know the amazing
Stalin who killed millions of his own people who had the biggest arsenal of nuclear weapons anybody in the world besides us
And somehow we managed the the cold war you know that went on for years and years somehow we managed to stay alive
We didn't have to fight any war we didn't have to like challenge do like a showdown
I mean we didn't have the showdown finally, you know it was after Stalin
We had the showdown with the Ruskies with like Kennedy, you know blinked him in the eye and they turned back right
But other than that we didn't have any wars over any of it in this
So if it's got to be weapons of mass destruction. I hate to break the news. Yeah 9-11 is just an excuse for this bull crap. Okay
Iraq doesn't represent any threat to us whatsoever none zero. Look at my count my fingers. I'm holding up a big oh
Okay, it's like a
What isn't it ironic that the evil Ruskies are the voice of reason right now? Yeah, isn't that something of course
They like the oil trade they got with the right or that's the side of the point. So does the other one oil? So does it like the oil trade that he's gonna get
Are you picking on W again? Yeah good
1057 at 560 WQM Hamam. I want to tell you about a fantastic place
You can go and forget about all these problems man the high price of gas the impending war all of these negative things the way the
Market is in the crapper just go to the emerald coast I guarantee you have a big meal there
Just spend a lot of time in the crapper because you're probably eating up for five people
But the food is delicious the price is right. They've got three different locations for either in sunrise north
I'm a beach in the newest location in Pemberg Pine start out your feast with any or all of six different delicious soups like a wanton soup
And then sampled dozens and dozens of delicious on phrase they have oriental surf and surf on a weekend
And New York stripstake made a warning their gourmet center a sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar primer
The emerald coast promotes healthy living to a lot of Chinese restaurants you walk out with a pounding headache
Emerald coast you'll just walk out with a big
Satisfied smile on your post because they use no MSG no cornstarch and they cook everything with only cholesterol free oils
They're buffet features a full salad bar a new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and don't forget emerald coast famous lobster fest is back as I speak featuring lobster
Thirmitters and lobster bisque one requirement being a big healthy appetite and save room for dessert
They've got a great dessert bar featuring pies and cakes pastries ice cream without your favorite toppings and fresh fruit
The perfect ending will real pig out you'll find emerald coast in sunrise on a corner of pineapple in the 44th street
Just off the corner colons avenue just north of 160 to north Miami Beach and at the intersect of flamingo and pember grotes in pember oak pines
The except reservations take out delivery available to call the emerald coast for more details at 954
5723822 9545723822 for an unforgettable feast. It's always the emerald coast Chinese buffet
My and look all this is for 305 60
You weigh
I'm getting proud of it. I don't find it too personal to share with you that I'm taking maximum prostate relief formula
If I could just convince one of you to take it then it'll be well worth it
I'm national talk show host George Bell of short ashore and I have a prostate the size of my fist
If you're like me you make frequent trips to the bathroom you have hesitancy
And the baseball size rock up your peculiar that quite frankly makes it hard to sit down
Well now there's hope
Maximum prostate relief formula was developed by world-renowned dr. Paleski
And if you order two bottles of maximum prostate relief formula
He'll send you two bottles of his libido madness formula free
That's fr ee
With the two combined all natural medications you'll shrink one end while enlarging the other
What a deal huh
Call the toll free number today
And be sure to listen to short to short tonight where my guest will be Earl C. Hogan who will talk about life on Mars
And how he believes visitors from other planets probe our anal canals to learn more about prostate health
Call today back them 11.03.5 60 WQAM
484 folks we can't pretend close to five earned didn't we
Well, we could leave it on there until as we close out the first pull of the day on all pull Tuesday
Come on. Let's go. I'm trying to refresh you here. What do we got for e6?
It's mohawaii David's first anniversary on a QM morning show today
We wish him well as he departs for his next venture
How do you rate his performance a disaster the worst a 180 37% say the worst
Who's mohawaii David at 137 of you say that 28.1%
Week I rarely listen to 112 23% okay. I listen 42 8.6% and outfing standing
15 3% so you put those two really positive ones on there and you got 11.6% which is kind of like
Not all that
Dintusiastic you know what I'm saying. Oh, it's bigger not enthusiastic look at the red arrows on the market now
Oh, no, I gotta be mistaken. That was down 23 in the next next down to as the chicken ox continue rambling on and carrying on about a bunch of crap
Like Paul Wolfowitz. Oh, they finally got his ass off of there Leon Harris is out of talk. Tell us about Kirby. Uh, bucket
This could probably change one more time. You right? Let's see how close we get to 500 before we take it off of there Eric
Let's not do anything hasty
486 and now it's uh now it's what do you got
87
I'm proud to change it and it won't it won't the refresh
You can do it all I have is my clock. I don't have any uh, I guess he's already done it
Okay, so now we get to the important part of the alert is
37.2% out of the worst for 497. Oh, we definitely are gonna do it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I mean what the hell would might as well right right might as well get up to a nice even 500 votes
We got 497 on there right now. We can go to the next uh break. Huh?
Like five more minutes. Okay. Just I know I should calm down
But it is exciting to see he's get over to 500 mark and considerably less than two hours
Not as fun as watching your odometer turn over
No, you're right. That is trilling here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
And yeah, especially when it's in six digits. Yes sir
Yes, I don't know if the song was already mentioned, but how about downker Shane? Oh, yes
Tom hunky Shane. Yeah, he is uh him and the song
The worst and the singer is too right
God bless America. Thank you, sir. Doc is Shane way Newton
Just this one time and why is it so slow now
I think you're like overloading it. They're all trying to get in right
Oh 507. That's why 507 wow
Mohawar david today disaster the worst 189 37.2% this is the final total
Who's Mohawar david in 142 week? I really listen to 117. Okay. I listen 42
8.2% and outstanding outfing standing 17 3.3. So you had those last three 11.5 which leaves 88.5 right percent. Okay
Okay, that's it Eric. Let's get that off of there because it's kind of embarrassing if you ask me uh-huh wow
Pretty week moe you got a lot of work ahead of you because Greg is pretty in fact the last time Greg threw anybody under the bus and print like that
It was the first team. Mm-hmm. You know what I'm saying? Oh my god
I don't want to get him nervous or anything like that. That was you were in a half a go
We threw them out of the bus and before you knew what they were like right off the door. I absolutely want to puke
I don't blame you
By the way, Diffle all is forgiven Greg wants you back bad
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Okay, one for the pull here sir
You know what the problem with Diffle was he was uh
Go ahead sir. I'm sorry. Pina coladas on
Yes
Now what was that song if you like
Who did that?
I don't even know what's that that wasn't the name of it was it? It was called the Pina coladas song. Oh really?
It'll come to me who did it that one other nasty was
Torrent between two lovers, but though. Yeah, that's pretty weak. Okay. Thank you
But anyway, uh real quick you're talking about billboards
You guys have a few you how can yeehaw junction with two gas stations
Afford like 30 of them along the turnpike Calpastras
Exactly and we'll solve our clear channel billboards. They have clear channel rhythm
Well, that's got that's because they own them they own the company that the owns the billboard so it's the right price
Okay, thanks. Thank you
Pina coladas song. Let's see uh, you know what it's really called?
Rupert Holmes. Yeah, that's it
Escape see escape
Is that who done it? Rupert Holmes who told you that Carlos the internet
Well, see that's no fair. That's that would be like me looking it up in the book which I'm doing right now
Escape oh, oh, escape Janet Jackson. Oh, escape. They pinger coladas song by Rupert Holmes and his brother Shilok. Yeah, that's a
It's a nasty little song is annoying
Aggravating and those are the kind of songs that they play. Oh, that's another one just came to me. Mm-hmm
Oh, get it now. How many we gonna have on here like about 500?
About 30 man
Oh
You'll agree with me when I tell you this and I can't believe we've gone this far without having this one on the list
Mongo Jerry oh summer time in the summer time
Much worse on the on the list, but it belongs on there
You don't think that's one of the all-time most annoying songs
Yeah, and talk about playing in the freaking ground man from the time the sun comes out which in Florida's all year round
Jesus
You
Now what is that it's a charity what is that called in the summertime it is yeah
I never even know we had that sure
That's because it came in
Okay, the station just warm
In the summertime
We were here
That's why I never knew that we had in the first place
You can hit the beat see some as I'm fine in the summer time
Oh my god, thank the lord. I never knew we had that not that I would have played it
Stuff and I put our heads together. I think we came up with one you put your heads together. I don't want to know about it
Come on. I lean oh
That I mean I'm voting for almost fell over. Yeah, that's my first that's here midnight rum runners
Right, but yeah, but don't you remember when we did the one-hit wonders? Yeah, and they like that side
Well, what do they know in fact? You know something I think during the break I might be able to find that I have it I believe
Isn't that disgusting? Don't you remember I went out and wasted all that money on that garbage
We did the one-hit wonders which you'll be pleased to know I still have all that one-hit wonder stuff around here somewhere in my one of my drawers
I got it in my drawers
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Maybe
Maybe that's the song
What is that the puns you were education can't oh no that's
That was great run hold listening to on hold music and we're saying what is that song?
It was pretty annoying to us. Okay, whoever the asshole was to put us on hold shame on you shame on you
Now what's the one that you would stuff came up with?
Come on, I lean oh next. He's midnight runners. Don't let me forget to find that we'll play at least 20 30 seconds of it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Now what what does that mean help no pool? What what does that mean? Oh you have an effect in the know you haven't fixed them the
Updated I'm gonna keep it hold this stuff type that all off woman everything
No, you can't do that why not we have to get started now you you clown
That's what we're talking about you see a little uh
Feet picker it's done. Let's get with it. He's gonna have to do this
See this should be like instantaneous as soon as the mo one disappears, but I bang you know what I'm saying
But you guys keep holding back on air because you want to make him look bad. Yeah
Isn't that what it's all about? Sure now if I could pull the pole
Why don't you just fish up you want to make him look bad like some kind of a clown even though he did get the book up there Michael more his book
Carlis did I did such a great reading what carlis did that the how they did I sent them the picture
Right and but he still had to put it on there
No, damn it. It was me. No, it was not you it was uh it was Eric
It's right there stupid white men with a big picture and a whole song and a dance Michael more yada yada yada
Which I did a magnificent job at the public yesterday reading from that book and nobody gave a flying crap
Which is why we're not gonna do anymore that
That was some heavy duty stuff man was first 15 pages plus the introduction that was heavy duty crap
That people should have been pissed off and fired up about but uh
Luminately at all they don't give a flying crap and that's why uh, you know
That's why Florida was the perfect place to steal their left. It was all set up
Yet his brother is the governor had a much of a rumbling idiots a much of stupid old people who wouldn't know up from down
Thoding for path you can boy
And what more do you need
1113 like poker Brian says why do you think they call it floor a duh huh? I love that line. What's that been in?
He uses it a couple times
1113 at 560 wqm we got that big ballgame coming up. We're not gonna tell you what time though
It's way it's a long ways off way way down the road uh just relax
If you have two thousand dollars and more on a credit card if so listen to this carefully
debitcated consumer counseling will help you and it'll cost you nothing
That's right. It'll cost you not a penny
debitcated is a non-profit company and it'll contact the companies you owe money to and they'll cut your payments in half
Call 1-800-4 no death. That's 1-800 the number four and the letters N-O-D-E-B-T
debitcated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and it'll cost you
Nada not a cent the bank pays dedicated you pay nothing
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt call dedicated at 1-800-4 no debt call and find out how
debitcated can help you you've got nothing to lose if you have had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees
Call debitcated consumer counseling and it'll handle all from there call right now
1-800-4 no debt and don't forget it cost you nothing
That's my life and look all this is for free of my 60
Way to A-A
Oh God
Oh
My music life is in a slow hell
Went from rock to country can't you tell
I ain't seen my new agent in three damn days
Oh
Been fueling up on cocaine and whiskey
Cuz I've lowered myself to this to you blame me
Lord if this last another year I'll be amazed
I'm trying to stay away
Oh
sincerity I
F
A
I just can't look at you while I'm trying to sing this song
I hate to be out of place
But I can't stand your face
I just can't look at you while I'm trying to sing this song
Can I have to level with you as well
Looking at you let me say you look like hell
Whatever you've been snorting or dropping just
Just saying lines
You think I've been waiting a long time
To sing a song with you better think twice
Smells like you had a shower in three damn nights
Can we put this thing in a way
All I want is to get paid
I just can't look at you can't you really
gross me out
You heard I'm married to a nice piece of a
When she married you was she awake
Please she don't look like two peas on a bread and board
Like you
And I don't care what you say
Give my little finger what to hate
Stuck at that shpen while I don't you rotate
I hope you only someday
I hope you die today
I just wanted to say I want another agent call me on the phone
I just wanted to say I want another agent
Tell me how the phone
But as you were long and ponderous you know she was almost as ponderous as they are
But it gave me time to find some interesting things I did not find dexies in mid-day runners
I don't know I bought it I must have misplaced it but
Where's that bit come from by the way?
Where did what they come from when he just played from the 8 cm
By the way it's 1120 and I still have no message on my machine out there
No package downstairs. I think they're gonna come and take you away before they're ready
Card also be full of next week doing a show
And guess what else I found all right
You
Thank you. It took me years to figure out that that's a white guy
Yeah
Well the only reason you know who a lot of these people are is when you see those best of the 70s and best of the 80s
Those CD compilation things they have on TV those commercials
That's why some of those are neat and spiderweb some people out there when we did the pull on that about
500 years ago and also has I forget exactly which channel it is because it's on the digital cable
The like a VH1 rock classics or something like that where they play all that fossil rock people you never
Remembered existed mmm
It's hit and miss
Oh
Work work
On speaker turning Japanese here's the 411 on jalo's phone sex with Ben
This is in the globe. Yeah much too long to be ditto with the right now so to speak but boy this is
More of this bunch of crap. It's like you're still you believe us yet. No
You believe that we're really doing it. No, you think we're gonna really get married and we're like maybe gonna
At least get naked. No, I don't think so. I think Matt would get really upset
560 505 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Look at that the new pull is up the most annoying song of all time is was
Well, we got a lot of money already. I better cast my voter. Have you put your vote in here? No, not yet. I'm looking
I'm sticking with old Debbie Boone man. I'm sticking with it even though there's a lot of really good choices on here
Did we put rock and roll part two with the Gary Glitter? Yes, we did. I don't think so. I wrote it down
Carlos didn't write it down Carlos again once again
Just can't keep it up. He just oh, it's on the new list. He doesn't have it yet
I see you guys haven't mentioned it yet. So I mean
I guess what's number one in the early voting with three votes including mine Debbie Boone
You blight up my life man. Oh
God they must have played that 55,000 times every god damn hour over and over and over and over in fact
You know what category I put that in that's right next to the wind beneath my wing this better middle a really syrupy the pressing
Oh just awful thing. I made you want to either blow somebody's brains out or commit sausages when you agree? Sure
Oh, thank you much. I'll stick with my original pick
Which was when beneath my wings?
There you go. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Good morning Neil.
When is to you? You are worth waiting for. Let me tell you. Yes, I am
But did you hear that reference that mall made to you about living up there in your igloo?
Yeah, you're in your igloo well just now I was nice and toasty in here today and by the way
Friday at tomorrow and Friday it's gonna be 40 and Saturday 50
So good things I love waiting for
Yeah, the mother of all bombs the MLAB is gonna be tested here in Florida
So I think you're pretty wise up in your igloo up there. I had that on before it's gonna be in the panhandle right
Yeah between noon and five they're gonna be dropping the big one
You are lucky to stay in your igloo
Mm-hmm
If I could move I would too so I think you know this isn't such a paradise place
Well when you can't go any place else
I guess maybe it is maybe that's where he's coming from
Right when you've been bounced out of just about every place else
Love you Neil you take care now have a great day. All right bye bye
56705 60 I cannot find to come on ilean by dexies midnight runners and I know I went out and bought it
It's here somewhere. I'll get around to it in fact let's bring back the one-hit wonders. No, that's just a joke
I mean as long as I'm here and I got these 85 billion CDs that went out and spent all that money on because I have no audio capabilities on here
And I can't steal I mean the borrall the music off of a winnix
Like a lot of you people are doing you're not fooling us Carlos
You people aren't fooling any of us download all that music hour after hour day after day after day
Steam all those rallies from those poor and povered
No musicians look at Debbie Boone. She's got ten votes George. Yeah, Macarena's got six
Ebony and ivory but one of the Cartian Stevie. I wonder who the hell did that song is got three well
It's the early going
You missed the first pull on Moe all I can say was wow
In fact, you know, you can look at those numbers and you can analyze them and you can turn them upside down
The message is always the same when you look at a pull like that Moe don't buy a house. Yeah, that's that's the message
I get out of there when you agree. Yes, you were because you're a backstabber. Yeah
Now what was the exact quote he said about your just morning Carlos?
I don't know the exact quote but something about him breaking a
If you don't know just make one knife a real long knife in his back. Yeah, not knowing how deep George was gonna be able to stick it in
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, no, he was talking about something else. Back to him since he keeps getting raped or raped at all the time, you know, cool
If that's the case moe probably not too far
26 after a month all they probably would like to after those episodes last summer with those evil emails and at phone call
I got from Greg and we could always relieve all of that stuff if we wanted to but we sure don't doing no because that was just too depressing
We'll wait for some anniversary show like most first year on the air
Oh, you mean like today
Hey, if you're still a himming and hauling about buying a mattress over the phone because you want to see it and feel it and look at it first forget about that
I bought many mattresses from our friends at dollar mattress over a million people have done it and hundreds more
I do it every week because they've discovered the smart way that buying a mattress the old-fashioned way is stupid
That's right not the smart way to do it because you get ripped off you're helping to pay for somebody's big overhead
Your choices are limited and their delivery of policy and most joints is a joke
Just call 1-800-max-matrace right now. You'll have a great night sleep as soon as tonight from dollar mattress
And they've got the best mattresses in the world and they got exactly the size and style in stock that you want ready for immediate delivery
Seely surd a sim and king coirley got them
dollar mattresses rank number one a customer satisfaction
They've got more repeat referral customers than anybody in a business because they know how to treat their customers right
Once you buy a mattress and dollar mattress just like me you'd never go back to a show them again
And don't forget when you do buy a mattress from dollar mattress
They take away that crappy old nasty vetting instead of your brand new beautiful one for free
That's correct
Tallah mattress takes away the old vetting and sets up your brand new one for free
So make that call right now to be knocking on the door anytime when it's convenient for you
And you'll enjoy a great night sleep damn soon for a long time to come
1-800-max
1-800-max-matrace
Are you sure in Tom that fat boy told you to call Dallah mattress
I'm a local
This is five cities the rain is all yours
You ain't
That's a beautiful
Algo Al Gore as you have never heard of or seen him
Four years ago you gave me your nominations to be five-trend
This is on ground
I've been watching you doing that
Macarena on television
And if I could have your silence
I would like to demonstrate for you
The Al Gore version of the Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Would you like to see it again?
Your alarm goes off in the morning macarena
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit macarena
Macarena
It's doing a good job that when it's 1132 at 560 WDQ and we got Marlon baseball coming up
But that's a way down the road man as ours away and it
Sure, no one's song of all time on eorange.com. It's our second poll of the day
The first one was a tribute to Mohawar David it didn't turn out too well on his the behalf
But we gave it our best shot you know what I'm saying? Well, get it our best shot
You light up my life by Debbie Boone has 15 votes in early gone
Macarena by Los Del Rios got 11
The wind beneath my wings is got beneath my thing that middle or five
Evidine Ivory, Palma Cartany and Stevie Wonder 3
I don't know why we didn't put the other one on there too the which weren't
Palma Cartany and Michael Jackson want say say that's annoying you know good. Are you kidding me? Oh, what?
That's really annoying man
How am I supposed to live without you Michael Bolton's got three born in the USA
Bruce Springsteen who couldn't sing his word of a paper sack if he held a gun it was head three
And then we just got smattering you know re-united ring my bell must grab love captain to Neil donkashan
Now that's an interesting spelling on dockashan. We don't know
D-A-M-K-E would be good okay. Hey, I know that guy and Shane
I think is SCH O-E-N or where was Shane you can spell however, but the dock a D-O-M-K-E is
Let's not be quite that deliberate unless we want to be in the summertime. Mungo Jerry's got appear
You don't bring me flowers Neil and Bob what too we are the world. You us say for Africa. Wasn't that money
Go to the people in Afghanistan? Yeah
Celebration cool in the gang too afternoon delight starland vocal band and highly annoying has got appear
The Carthor Park don't worry be happy Bobby McFarron. That's what friends are for the unworking Elton John all the way to
You know what on John on here feelings more Albert
I got with two first names. I will always love you Whitney Houston Shannon by Henry Gross
Build me a buttercup in the year tonight having my baby escape the pinnacle out of song that ever went on to Joja
Key Largo the night Chicago died you've lost 11 feelings. There way to heaven
La Bamba god bless America by Kate Smith. She's still dead. Louis Louis
purple pill slash Hills
Uh by D12
12
Yes, that's the name of his group now. That's not his group. That's a group that he was collaborating with
That he was in amongst I see
Was that before he met
Who? Well, whatever it is the rapper guys that this new video is also part of D12. Oh
God give me a break free us from M&M. I do like M&Ms though
Karma chameleon by culture club. My sureona unchained melody and come on. I lean did I leave anything off?
Because I'm reading the list of what we got under so far. I think we got them all don't we
Looks right to me. Why don't you? Huh? I don't see oh there. She's got with two boats ring my bell. I need a ward
Good old Anita Ward man. How come I don't have that bell
This one? That's what I don't know the hell that it well. What do you ring in it from the 360? Oh well. I can't bell from in there. You know what
It's not in there. I don't know. I'll be goddamn five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I think the lady in what is it? I thought they just did a data transfer of this one to the other one when they sent that one up there
They did isn't your what is yours under?
Prize bell. Oh wow. Okay, so mine how am I supposed to know that just supposed to know all these might supposed to be some kind of a psychic
Free something up here with all the time. Yeah
Here's one that says prick really what's up to get I think it's just popped up by itself so to speak
I don't have no prize bell. Okay, are you looking at sound effects?
Just the y'all and the old vehicle no I got boxing bell wow
Nothing to DCS in the year 360. Oh, I don't have time for that the farting around with that. Okay. We don't have time for that
Here's a lady in the warm tone if I looked it up to you the show would be until midnight lady and summarize. Oh
Yeah, yes, ma'am
Okay, thanks. What is that Susan Vega? What's the name of that thing? She's right. Oh, we have something
Diner what is it? Yeah, something diner. I'll look it up somebody's diner
Susan Vega. Yeah, Suzanne Vega. Are you sure? Yeah
That's the name of the artist all right. Let me let me look it up. We'll make me feel I'm doing something productive
There's gonna be funny. I got killer filler music Susan Vega times diner. There it is
times diner
God done. Yeah, she's right. Yeah, and what about I'll tell you another one along the same vein
I don't know what I mean
Yeah
I was there was this
Now what what's the real name of that song?
Just H is an M's right five six seven five sixty. I was seriously. What is the name of that? I'm serious
It's called I
You're not
Does that like Campbell soup?
Good, huh right by the crash test dummies
Are you cereal?
No, I want to see this in print. I'm all right. I can actually. Okay, it in print. I don't see it
You don't spell it right
Evidently I'm looking with an hm. No, no, Emma just does oh just mm
There's that mm m crap again going down mm
And you know what there it is you're right. I'm telling you
As opposed to the we got the coast you you you you you right
Damn it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line the world's coming to an end boys and girls
But we're having a good time on the show we don't give a crap we're oblivious. Here's moral cables. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. How are you today great? Good. I don't know how anyone could even contest
The song feelings has been not being the worst song of all time. I'm more salbert. Yeah, I think it's definitely in the top five
I mean, I have to be I mean that would have been you know my initial choice
But someone beat me to it, but I'll go as a second runner since feelings is lost the board now or on the board
How about Mandy by Barry and Madela? Good one. I love that
You actually like it or you know, I mean I love that as a choice. I mean I love the song
Is that matter anything by Madela?
Yeah, but that's a good one of another syrupy a piece of crap excellent. Thank you. You welcome. Thanks. Yeah
Mandy
Yeah, he's very manly is extraordinarily annoying
I'm sure we do not like Barry Manelow or Whitney Houston for that matter or Bobby Brown. No
Although we do like Frank Zappas Bobby Brown, but off the same guy right five six seven oh five sixty pop one
How do you know?
Maybe this
Maybe he did too much too many drugs with Frank that could have been the problem
21 till noon at five sixty WQM. We got the no mad dog today because of that Marlon exhibitionist game
Boy, that's a bad move Greg. That's a bad move
Hank over after the baseball game which good luck to him because he'll really need it you end baseball her coons in USF
What are they called? You know, I see so many years since I did the hercune baseball
University of South Florida. Is it the bowls?
Carlos is on the phone and
You think he would know you should know this
University of South Florida
Bolshevets or something anyway that's six. What is it six fifty?
Eddie K after the U.M. baseball game and join mark the dirty boys overnight and I guess there's a last two
In the building that the mocha like reach out and say is there anybody I can align myself
I noticed he was really kind of almost desperately throwing me a
Kind of a piece bone or something. You noticed that this morning? Is that what that was?
I think so it smelled like a bone. He was throwing something
I didn't know if it was smell like an old bone
But that ain't gonna do the trick mo. It's way too late for that you're like for son and on grad on issue
We hate you like poison. So I think he's like grasping especially after the Doreen blow up at Dural last week
Joe and Markey may probably try to go back to them and based on what Joe told me when I was down there
I don't think it's gonna work
19 till noon at five sixty qm audio homeowners out there there are a few things worse in life
Then going out of the backyard to take a nice relaxing swim and you look at it at once beautiful pool and realizing
It's a mess. It's stained. It's dirty. It might be cracking
Well, don't look at that mess anymore. Just say no mo ugly pool even a copy to put in no mo
You know what I said? Yep. Just say no mo ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille
These guys aren't just pool guys are on a cleaning service out of a pickup truck like some slippers
We've seen not to mention a by name. There were real construction company who uses full-time employees
Not subcontractors. This just came off of a banana boat
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond bright
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years their license. They're insured professionals
They even train other companies internationally how to do them in brighting right and they'll give you the same price
They give to the contractors
Call them if you're in North Miami, Browder Palm Beach, Atlantic Marseille
They're the largest installers of diamond bright anywhere in town. They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate
They also perform pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too for the best job
You ever be seen call Atlantic Marseille tool free
1-800-558883 that's 1-800-558883 diamond bright do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend
We're supporting you 560-QAM
And beat that jator me
Wait up, little Georgie, wait up
Chill out, little Georgie, chill out
The people have been pulled and this is what you've been told
About to the one they don't want for so put your plans on hold wait up, little Georgie
Hold up, little Georgie
Well, why don't we try to get old-summer? Why don't we get for life Omar
Well, we're gonna tell the world and they say no more whoa, we got little Georgie
Hold up, little Georgie
We know Saddam is really a big threat
But no one wants to see world more three yet
I know, wait up, little Georgie, chill out, little Georgie
We ought to stay home
Wait up, little Georgie, wait up
Chill out, little Georgie, chill out
Before you send our men be sure to count to ten
For you blow the crap out of your rack please listen to the you and wait up, little Georgie
Yeah, hold up, little Georgie
Wait up, little Georgie
I'm 47 and 5 six, we got a little follow up, I almost forgot about this tour, better not do that
Got a little bit of good news in Dave County
The show will go on
Ready for that? Good
A day after wanting to plug pull down a popular downtown concert mayor Manny Diaz of Manny said yesterday
He is satisfied that promoters agreed to beef up security and ban the sale of pacifiers and lollipops
At the 14 hour festival
That'd be like selling cough drops
Promoters of the ultra-electronic music festival scheduled for March 22nd in Bayfront Park
agreed to pay double police presence and install double fences
After the mayor expressed concerns about reports of rampant drug use at last year's concert
Promoters also said they would ban the sale of perifinalia popular among ecstasy users
Such as baby pacifiers
Lollipops
Are you ready for that?
I'm getting ill
I absolutely want to puke
Oh my god
It's that lollipops little boy
The lollipops that cause ecstasy is right and the glow sticks
And popsicles that supposedly enhance the drug experience
One lollipops little boy
In case they missed it the first time
The conflict began over the weekend after Diaz sent out a news release saying he would ask the board of Bayfront Park
Management trust not to wish a license to the festival
And by the way you people all you uh
Uh, Shmata heads there in the convenience stores you better get those popsicles out of there
I think five to ten for sol knows isn't it
At least it said it was the first time the mayor spoke so publicly against an issue but at Mondays board meeting
Promoters said that would take measures to reduce drug use at today long music festival
Which drew nearly 30,000 fans last year
Diaz also attended the meeting cities happy promoters agreed to where they added safety measures
And said he would not try to cancel the popular or concert
This is all about children and minors who set after the meeting
As he rushed home to make sure that his kid wasn't printing up anything larger than 20s
All right nice going mayor manny Diaz
She what are they going to do without those pacifiers? They might have to suck
Their thumb or well, that's right. Yeah, man. Have it a creamsicle
No, no or even worse. How about a fudge sickle
Here's Palm Beach hello
Palm Beach Palm Beach hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, good afternoon and back to you
I got a great one for a Thai yellow ribbon. Oh excellent
How could we have forgotten that Tony or Landu who makes me want to gag just to just to think of that mustache and on
Right. Thank you, sir
And I do want to wish you happy anniversary
You've given a lot of years of enjoyment and pleasure to my little home. Okay. Thank you
Bye-bye. See there wishing me happy anniversary on most anniversary. What does that tell you?
Huh, sorry mo. They like me. They hate you
But there's plenty of hate me, but at least they listen
Anyway, what did he just say Thai yellow ribbon you got that done at it? That's certainly gonna get a lot of all
Thai yellow ribbon overplayed obnoxious rinky tinky kind of a sound. Oh Tony and then at goody two shoes
The Tony or landu and dawn
He's another one on inside the behind, you know
With his born again crap and all of his problems and all of his travails and his hypocrisy et cetera
Full of crap is what I'm trying to say. We don't like you Tony or landu or dawn
All over. We haven't met dawn yet
5 6 7 here's a call from Washington DC. We know who this is. It's Carlos's boyfriend
Hey, no, yes, sir. Hi. How are you? Okay good most annoying song of all time
Saline Dion seen to Titanic. Oh, yeah, what that was the name of that? I can't remember the name of it
But I mean my heart will go on. I love will go on something will go on
I will find it
Bypuking will go on. Okay, saline Dion anything by her makes the list. By the way Michael Moore
I just actually finished his book on some book. I enjoyed your reading yesterday
Chapter four best chapter in a book kill whitey. Yeah, I don't know if you've read that far
But probably one of the best lines in the book says the African-Americans have been on the lowest wrong of the economic ladder
Since the day they were beaten and dragged here and changed
Which is the truth? So
But go book and glad you're promoting it. Yeah, it's a great book. It's on our website. Thanks a lot of me go
Amen bye. Bye. Now what is it called my
Heart belongs to daddy
What is it
Either might not be it might not be in my look it might not be in my yeah, it'll be there it will
How about did I dick in the wage girl? I think a pardon did I dick
Dion in the bellman saline Dion my word is my heartbeat now beauty in the beast
When I fall in love the power of love
Oh my heart will go on the theme from Titanic. Oh
That's got to go on here immediately
She's got so many others that could make it like the power of love that was number one for four weeks
Because you love me was number one for six weeks which makes me just gag
It's all coming back to me now all by myself what you ought to be
I'm your angel with our Kelly. Uh-huh
And my heart will go on was number one for two
That's it. We only put one saline Dion one. I think that one definitely
Syrup be right up there with wind beneath my wings got it got it
The love theme from the Titanic
And too bad she was not in the ship along with Leo
The others tell Leo they try to butcher up in these new movies that he's in yet to the work
And now not for me doesn't because I see the previous of these movies now looking I say you know what that's Leo
And I immediately changed another channel immediately not sooner. It's still Leo no matter what they do
The must-a-sthe uh, whatever it's the Leo
That's for me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for eyes in line here South Miami. Hello
Hey, what's up, Leo? Yes sir. How you doing? All right
How about Tina Turner? I don't want to fight no more
Hey, somebody hit us on it makes my ears want to believe
Make you want to send a bat to Ike Turner so you can finish it
Okay, oh yeah one more thing how are the ducts below the nuts
Okay, thanks
What's he trying to say?
You got it? No, you don't have Ike Tina or Ike Turner? I want to fight no more Tina Turner. Sure
Come on, let's get with it now. You just I don't know where you're today. The little office feed I think today
Saving up all his energy for next week when he's gonna be doing the show solo you and Carlos
That should be quite a treat for the audience especially that George tapes guy
Be sure and tape all the shows next week when George is on sir
Then instead of having to be a encumbered by my annoying crap here every day
You can just listen to your own George tapes tonight. It's not like a winner. Sure sounds like a great idea
We got a battle going on baby. You light up my life in Debbie Boone 29 Macarena lost
Del Rio 28 and
Feelings by Morris Albright's moving up fast with 11 when beneath my wings bit middle or 10 and don't worry
Be happy about me. We farland nine ring my bells got eight and having my baby
Paul anchor with the cankers got seven and also happening every would seven I still think that the
The other one's more annoying the one with the say say say oh with Michael Jackson
say say say oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and team for rice line on the Marlon Preake more of show
Anybody ready for some exhibition baseball? No
Here's Pember Pines. Hello
Yeah, Neil. What's up? How you doing sir? I'm pretty good today. Look you're forward to that exhibition game right
Yeah, I'm kidding
Here's right to your top five Neil. Okay
She's in the sun by Terry jacks Terry jacks. I think I have that here
That has got off only it kills me every time I hear it an absolute top five guaranteed
All right, Neil. Thanks. Let me go
Have a good day
Seasons in the sun Terry jacks there's so many of them you know it
So many annoying nasty songs and all you radio people you just you just destroyed us
You just ruined our brains were little we had left by playing these damn things over and over and over again just un-unconsciously
Build me a putter cup probably into into well and maybe maybe other people aren't just as unfortunate as I am every time
I punch up magic and there it is over so that's your problem right there
Punching up magic right
Well, we like Rick Shaw with air magic, but we would like to punch out the PD Bob Cunningham or whatever his name is
Bob Hasselhoff whatever that guy's name is some of us don't dare make that mistake. Oh
Well, what what what are you gonna have on your dial really when you come down to it NPR?
No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about for music. What do you want to have on the fan button for music? Oh see that's what I'm saying
That's what I'm saying man for music. We must go to Don Vito
For music we must go to that slot in the middle of the adash that's called a CD deck. There you go
186 votes and Macarena has forged into first place. Oh see them at the forge tonight. Los Sedelrio
Do you think they're akin to a Vanessa Del Rio?
Maybe I'll check or she's real old me girl. What?
I guarantee you she's not any older than Peter North
And he's still squirting it squirts squirts north south all the way west
In all directions Vanessa Del Rio. Yeah
Cut it. She'd be one of your people. I'd like Carlos like sir. Carlos. She's a
She'd be one of my say beener kind of peridot. So I'm saying she's one of Carlos's people
Four minutes till
He's not full in me
Anybody that ticks lettuce in the spare time, you know, not one of your people
Yeah, but that's still known to QM can I do the spot? Oh
Tom Lehman is gonna get all bet out of shape. He ordinarily is a very good friend of ours
But he uh not too fond of you
Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto and Halipondi XGMC are proud of when out's another Neil the AC
They don't have any George deals. They're all Neil deals got that
It's another March madness sale. It's going on right now
Neil deal number one pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock like the 33 miles per gallon vibe prices lowest
3998 get 0% financing for up to 60 months you heard me right 0% for up to 60 months
Neil deal number two choose any new vehicle in stock and get yourself up to a
$3,000 rebate that's correct get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle in stock and Halipondi
Halips also got great Neil deals waiting for you. Maybe a couple of George deals on used cars trucks and SUVs
And if the other guys in town just are shocked when you walk out of there a lot because your credit may be imperfect and not good enough for them
Guess what it's good enough for our friends at Halipondi act they'll get you a deal right now
Don't forget it's another set of great Neil deals at Halipondi act
13401 South Dixie Highway that's on us one right across from the falls the same prestigious location
They've been making great deals for over 35 years open every day seven days a week for more info call the Neil deal hotline
Tool three one trible eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one trible eight five three four forty two eleven
And by the way time layman angiopreator liked the the worst team a lot
He's no yeah, I didn't know that don't forget all the oldies are subject to credit privacy dealer for details
Hannah potty act GMC we are professional grace
I
Know
Mo
How it a David it is but the only thing funny other than rape of it is that pipe smokers towards the one hour
Duh duh duh duh duh. In light of Francis blatant disregard for all things American this radio station
Emplicita Jonas in the boycott of the following people places and things
French fries french is mustard french poodles french toast mr. French french kissing non mandatory french knots
Frenchie from Greece chicken frenches chicken cordon blue french dressing pujole bouvieres
Swakele pond ballet metaline videos
Brace croissant champagne Chanel Catherine de nubed
Gerard de Bardoux Jacques Cousteau Gaston from beauty in the beast
Boutier's lingerie moves the dessert of the animal the french chef and is born at the tea
John of art truffles mimes Maurice Chevalier the french connection
Eiffel Tower stick in jump ogle T.A. all bomb hazz
Jerry Lewis Monet
M.A.
Mona Lisa Charles de Gaulle kids in the hall perier water madam to source
Wax Museum Harry girl and girl porn torn on wachis brilets language immersion programs
Jolyne Facial bleat systems
L'Oreal clinic La Sark and Cirque de Soleil. Thank you. You're welcome
1202-560 WQA. It's our big noon to one hour at least part of it
Marlon baseball game that exhibition game with the uh who is it?
I thought you were going to promote that red socks in the uh oh in the distant future
I'll wait on the road
Anyway here's some facts that just came in I can't believe nobody's called or facts anything from the group smash mouth for your poll
One song in particular that gets them votes is all star
It's in a commercial that they play a hell out of it. It goes hey now you're in all star
Yeah, we've seen it eight million times. Thank you Danny. See you're right. Are we gonna get that on there? Yes
Yes Carlos all star smash mouth
He's over there typing he can't reach the microphone
I don't expect to hear from him just I'm just
pausing to give him time to let it absorb into his nimble mind okay. He was nodding didn't you hear it? Yeah, I heard it
Here's disco duck
I don't know
Whatever I mean there's a novel novel thing right? I mean like why don't we put all the other ones on there like a running bear or people
People he right yeah Thoreen had a good one who let the dogs out I mean oh yeah
We're having to hear that song and when haven't you heard it most of that song was about her
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, that should be on her who left the dogs out by the baha boys the baha boys
I remember that I remember the video but that was a stupid video and even stupider song
And the word and even stupider than that was the reaction of course of the sports nerds, you know who
loved the dogs uh who who you know oh my god we were playing it on this station
Oh geez enough to make your gag
Who who who who oh
Brother the pain is so great
Anyway to all the girls I love before holy of the greasiest and willy nelson
What are you saying? Yeah to all the girls I love before yeah, that's there annoying like a virgin by Madonna
I don't think so and it says any songs with lyrics all night long
Wasn't all night long by free?
All right now all right now all right now all night yeah
I see I was used to get the lyrics wrong on that song it is called all right now
I used to think it was all night long I don't know why listen to that song sometimes you'll see you know
Lionel Richie did all night long
But I know the song by free all right now and I mean I get out listen to anything that I'm saying sure
Yeah as usual he's not pinging he's got his own agenda. He's got that own militant speckled agenda
This is interesting speaking of his own agenda Bush says clap me or no EU speech what do you say to that?
I think the answer will be no
9
nay
George Bush pulled out of a speech to the European Parliament when MPs wouldn't guarantee a standing ovation
Senior White House officials said the president would only go to Strasbourg to talk about Iraq if he had a staged managed welcome
A source posted in negotiation said last night
President Bush agreed to his speech but insisted he get a standing ovation like if they stayed at the union address
His people also insisted there would be no protest or heckling
I believe would be a crucial speech for Mr. Bush to make in light of the opposition to the war here
But unless he only gets a
Adulation and praise it'll never happen
Mr. Bush's every appearance in the US's stage managed with audiences full of supporters
It was hoped he would speak after welcome Warsaw Pact Nations the NATO and proglas November
But as refusal to speak to EU leaders face to face is seen as a key factor in the split between the US and UK coalition and the rest of Europe
How do you like that huh?
Jeez here's chronic Sean who says
He says I did get pissed off and fired up about the Michael Moore book intro with the Democrats had any balls
They'd use the preamble for their campaign commercials
It's too bad more such an extremist
Naderite because he's funny as hell and often right on right Sean
It's true that my bababa
It goes on to say yes America's obsession with handguns is pathological for example
I'm ablitting a heart tinko tree hugging liberal and I've got six of them and guns too and that's sad
That's very sad Sean
One thing it's nice about here is that very very very few people have guns except the RCMP up here a
Here's his choices wonderful tonight by Eric Clapton
And the emotional rescue by the Rolling Stones
You think either one of those qualifying no no sorry Sean. We love you, but the answer is no
Oh, yeah, here you go frankin for a lot of days. Got one
It's a song that I don't mind a song the first six thousand times, but he's right. Oh, yeah
Rain drops are falling on my freaking heads his frank in for Lauderdale. Yes by BJ Thomas
The Ferrari mom is up the hell
What was that
What was that car was it got replaced don't blame me was the other spec. Oh this one. This is what I meant to play
Yeah, sorry wrong button
Rain drops fall on my freaking head by BJ Thomas
There many others are recorded, but he had the definitive version if you ask me and as much as I do like
BJ time BJ Thomas a lot I like BJ's
But man, he's so slow
What BJ's wholesale club?
No, just BJ's in general here's what it says from UCF Kenny great pool sting don't stand so close to me
Yeah, we like sting, but we don't like that song. That's right. That's a good choice. You see of Kenny
Is we could probably put it on the pole by the police since that's who did it?
I'm all sting was with the police. Okay. I got picked up by the police. It was with it. He was the lead singer. Okay, they raised
Okay, gee see what I mean?
Kenny, well we got a real hard ass today like like we really have to worry about getting it right
This is the same outfit that spells donkey chain with an EY, you know
The UNKEY C-H-A-I-N donkey chain, you know, I got one of those at home. Do you really? Yeah, pull it all the time
We have it hooked up to your ass
56705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T line. We got a battle going on Macarena
38 most annoying song of all time you'll out light up my life Debbie Boone 31
This is great. I told you this would be a winner. Do I?
You only problem me and how do I come up with a great exciting fun thing like this every goddamn day, huh? Good question. Oh my god
Problem being that we've done like 75,000 pools already. We've done almost there
But we all you know, I found in my drawers. I give up always good looking through your drawers. That's where the good stuff is
I found all that the one-hit wonder stuff from last year. Oh very good
tons of it
Okay, tough choices a factor between these two we are family
That's lie in the family stone
Isn't it or is that sister's life?
Such a sludge
Why am I thinking it's lying family stone because it's family sister's slides like I said they did a YMC air anytime
I've ever lived people. Well, that's the one
Why am yeah, yeah, they like to do that the sporting events YMC
Because there's a much of fags in the crowd always they're trying to pass the files
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Let's go to beautiful dear field Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I've got the two songs for you. Up here
Which is really nauseating and the other is destiny's child survivor. Oh, yeah. Oh
I mean both of them when I hear them it you know immediately hit the button go to another station
Yeah, and as soon as you hit the button you think you're a survivor of hearing that song you're in
Well chances are when you hit a button you get a song that's just as bad or down in this market exactly
Okay, thank you my friend have a good day and you too here all and I wish I had that zero. I love that but I don't have it
You got it zero. We don't we don't need to play it. You know zero the in-re-k thing
and
Destiny's child
I think we'll put this to the child don't you yeah and survivor
Yeah, oh
They just make me wild this needs child, you know what I'm saying? I just I don't like that whole thing
I mean talk about racism and reverse. That's what they represent to me. They are the most
Stereotypical. Well, of course a lot of the rappers are too. I mean just I don't get I don't get that yeah, but
Talk about creating a nasty nasty we don't really stay a cacophony of yeah, they they're annoying
In fact, if we wanted to pick the most annoying group maybe that's a good one for you one day the most annoying group in history
Destiny's child
Not just their music but them just that hold been destiny's child, you know screw you guys, okay? You assholes
5 6 7 0 5 60 find away no package George. Oh damn. I think they're gonna come and get your ass
Here's Pinecrest. Oh
Pinecrest
Yeah, no, I like to mention um, I'm a Barbie girl by that group aqua
Aqua and barbie girl. You didn't like that?
No, well, he's song, yeah, okay. Yeah, it was annoying. Yeah, thank you. It wasn't annoying, but it was uh they didn't play that much
Europe, uh aqua's very very big
Now he's right Barbie girl by aqua. I guess you could put that down you want to put down carless probably not no
Hey put it down in the song too. Just put it down and I faggot as well
Here's a guy that's out there smoking with the water Nazi all afternoon
Phoebe boi to you must have some kind of a hint fest out there. I'll tell you
You ever meet her you ever talk to Phyllis? Yeah, I know Phyllis really we're buds
Are you really well she got to talk to somebody from the show George won't speak to her?
Why do you say that and she wouldn't even look at the best part of me if you could find it?
We get along fine. Me and Phyllis we're out. You went to water Nazi get along good, huh? When we run into each other very very cordial
My log
She's a real pleasant person. Okay, I just stay away from that bitch. She's a watch. She's a peach. What does that mean?
She's just fine
Yeah
The people who deserve it. How's that? I see what she's obnoxious to me. Well
He got a point
12 minutes afternoon at 560 WQ I wonder how she and Mo get along that would be the real interesting thing, huh? They don't get along
No, another reason to like Phyllis. I'm starting to like that Phyllis a lot now. Oh aiki breaking heart by BilliRays Cyrus. Absolutely correct
Warren and Voka
And it says and then QM sports intensive mode all our we don't play this that much anymore because it's kind of embarrassing but
Yeah
Excellent job. We're not gonna put that on there, but we will put aiki breaking heart by that obnoxious Phyllis race Cyrus dude
In fact, let's just put almost any country in western song on her, you know sure
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQ I'm the beast is looking for a date and the beast is looking to get the
Slim not necessarily in that order. What's the thing you ought to get slim first before it looks for a date?
I think that might be too late
Right, he'll be able to do well. He's still alive. He will get slim in the box
Anyway, the beast is losing weight the smart way on balance for life
There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no counting calories no counting carbs no figuring anything out
No trying to figure that it's a very complicated zone diet, which it is very complex
But guess what they do all the figuring out for you all you have to do is fill out your little menu every week
They have two choices for each meal every day that you run a program might say each meal you get five meals a day
Three gourmet meals two delicious snacks. They're all in your little black sack and they deliver it right to wherever you want your house
Your work wherever you're gonna be by six o'clock every morning and in your sack is all the food you need for the whole day
We're not talking about teeny little
Perky type portions. We're talking about plenty of good food to keep you satisfied all through the day delicious fresh goodies
All kinds of omelets and crepes and chicken dishes and beef and fish and all kinds of seafood
It is the leash
So eating three to five meals a day is what they all recommend to keep your glycemic levels constant to keep that weight pouring off
And this is the way to do it balance for life
So if you want to lose that weight and look a lot better get some decent looking clothes on and be a lot healthier as well
Let balance for life help you do it once and for all
Call 954-568-229-954-568-229 I guarantee you once you put the first meal from them in your mouth
You look better than the beast already or check out their website if you like it balance for life.com
Live and local
We're sports video five sixty-six you and you
A.M
Don't you go back to Canada you do
Hi everybody this is Keith Jackson on special assignment
Following the pre-channel as Dennis for Rodman
Dennis is now playing in Saskatoon for Sketch1 to try and maintain his physical conditioning
Riffery Don Winkle called a traveling violation against Rodman last night in a game against the Calgary Donuts
And all hell bro flutes
Well, I called foul and he pulled down his pines
He started bait me over the head with his magic Johnson
I couldn't believe it. I thought he wasn't allowed to head but anymore. Oh
Nelly we'll keep you posted on the actions and ethics of Dennis or Rodman
This is Keith Jackson from 18 at 560 WQA and here's the fact is as speaking to Lionel Richie
Try playing your once twice three times a lady over and over again to the al-Qaeda guys and they'll be talking in no time
Yep, good point actually. It's the Commodore is featuring Lionel Richie. That's right
Three times a lady the Commodore is you got it Carlos
I'm sure there's a little peanut boy he's got it there
excellent choice
I'll break him
5 6 7 0 5 60
How's it coming so far we're glad you asked the most annoying song of all time
I think this is a magnificent survey
257 votes already. This is our second poll of the day moe in the first one got
That he got that bad
Macarena 45 most annoying song of all time you let up my life Debbie boon 35 and then after that it's like all uh, yeah
Is don't worry be happy about me. We're fearing 17 feelings more silver 15 ring my bell and eat award 14
When beneath my thing that middle or 12 and having my baby by Paul anchor has 11
And the beat goes on so looks like a tourist race so far
Greg from Georgia says how about smoke on the water that song effing sucks
I there you go deep purple smoke on the water
Uh, whatever
Now I mean overplayed to death but I mean that's what he links is exactly right smoke on the water deep purple
I like the purple, but that song too much
Let's see between you and George working to take 100 CDs. Get your favorites burned in a one single CD
I said to your friends house as a computer. I mean where can you get a best out from your own stuff ask the audience?
Yeah, yeah, it's very simple
Right no forget about computer just go I says where can you get a hundred 100 CDs and get your favorite burn out of one single CD go out and buy you one of those CD burners
That's all one of those double deck jobs like I got I've had that for a couple of years now at least
I don't know if you can buy a computer anymore that doesn't have a CD burner built into it
No, but you're you're not you say you're talking about something different. He's asking where let me read it again
I was right off the bat mr. Coff drop man
Right off the bat. It looks like you're saying and working. He's still a bunch of songs from
What he's saying is where can you take a hundred CDs and get your favorites burn out of one single CD and in other words
Where can you get a best out from your own stuff any computer?
Yeah, you can copy your own CDs. Can you really yeah? I didn't know that sure. How do you do that whip and read?
You think I can do that here sure no I can't easy CD creator if you have any kind of software no
I can't well all right then you don't have no audio on my computer. Don't you understand?
Carlos do understand you can have audio on your computer. So in other words
I can I can do it but I just can't hear it and then I got to play the CDs in my CD that correct
It's just another file
So I'm gonna hit him I'll hit him anyway go ahead just just for old times say it's back on the head a couple times good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 don't forget about that ballgame most forgetting about it here
Yeah, they don't want to get the water. Not see if said you're taking a personal buddy. I'll go to Greg Reed
Here's fourth-letter Dale. Hello
Yeah, how you doing now pretty good sir. Good. I got a song for you. Okay
What's your name Tony Basil Ricky you're so fine. Oh annoying as hell, man. Oh, yes
Yes, that would be on a list already
You got it. All right. Thanks. Have a good day guys. Don Kushean. Thank you. Oh, do you say don Kushean?
Tony Basil and Ricky you're so fine. Well, I guess the name of it. I guess the parody is just Ricky
Oh, you're weird out did Ricky which is funny
Macarena is pulling away boys and girls the old Macarena
Not that they played that a little bit too much if it gets my drip
Like about 50 million times an hour on every goddamn state to this especially in South Florida
Was a huchi kuchi ever to Talia like that, you know Talia
Bra
Oh, she's the best here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, man. How about loving you the bird song
Loving you loving by many ripper team by many ripper to not the bird. Yeah, the worst song ever
Okay, thanks
Loving you many ripper to write let's get that on there Carlos. We're going to have a list of what six 700 songs on here
That's okay Eric and handle it
He said Carlos is small potatoes a little beater boy. He said he's the head she's the big the big shot. He can handle it
Yeah, I'll be able to handle it too. Whatever the assignment is
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line if you missed the early part of the show
You missed a really good stuff today shame on you
It was mohawaii david its first anniversary on QM this morning and we asked how do you rate his performance?
And I didn't I didn't make a copy of it because of two inversing. I wanted like burn it
To make sure that there were no no evidence left around take off those checkered pants. Uh-huh. That might help
But the bottom line was a disaster the worst like 37% plus
Remember that yeah and outstanding was like 3.1%
Pretty weak performance there in the first year
I think the audience has agreed with what Greg said in very jackasses mouthpiece column last Friday in a Miami-Herald
You know a Greg's personal agent and mouthpiece and
Sandwich deliver in those brown paper bags who do you jackass?
Little Barry jackass see anybody in a business who like considers himself like a real human being
They wouldn't waste their time talking to Barry jackass. They wouldn't speak to him
This is the only person in the world that he returns his phone calls you do know that don't you know? Yeah
Two people George Beasley and uh very jackass does the only two in the world are returning calls
Here's a call from Kendall hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Whatever. Good evening. How about this to do run run run to do run run
Which one here was the crystals was the original one then there was uh
Sean Cassidy
Cassidy yeah Sean Cassidy
Thank you
That do run run you got to make sure we spell that right that do run run. It's actually that do run run
You got it and nobody wants to do run because we've seen him how do you spell that? I
I
That do run run by Sean Cassidy and that's Sean S.A. You and is it was that
Whatever I got to look it up. Let's get some of the spelling right okay
I'll tell you one thing Alice uh rantelboy was obsessed with Sean Cassidy
Yeah, S.H.A. You went like I said
The do run run d a capital d o o run run
Oh my god. Are you gonna have vomit when you hear this?
June 4th 1977 that week
Mm-hmm on the billboard charts. It was number one
Yeah
The crystals ought to get Sean Cassidy because they had the original song you know the crystals were good one of those great
60s groups early 60s
Phil Spector
All in speaking a Phil Spector you know I never told you oh my god
Guess what else was on a weekend on a bi-roofy channel talk about depressing
A two-hour Brian Wilson on you remember the one that he did on CBS on the Beach Boys right
This was just on Brian Wilson if you if you I got to commend myself because I watched the entire thing into not commit suicide
Didn't jump out the window
I mean you talk about morbid and depressing and puke inducing
Good got all mighty and then monday night which I mentioned a or uh sunday
I remember mentioning how horrible that thing was the contract Clinton doll thing on 60 minutes
Which got a huge viewership but believe me most people will not be watching again. It was awful
hmm
Man, I forgot to mention what else was awful something even worse and more embarrassing
Yeah, obviously you obviously didn't see it no
Bert Ward oh oh
And in a West each looking over the age of 100 on that silly Batman thing I
What two hours I watched one hour and I ran immediately to bed what was the point of that
Other than other than to show us how old and horrendous they both looking especially Bert Ward whose faces blown up like a chip
It was like a bad idea poorly executed. Oh, and how come I mean with all their resources at CBS
I realized was an ABC show originally how come they couldn't use some of the same music and some of the same
This visual effect. I mean just awful see how awful I too did while they were doing the um like the flashback parts where they had the actors showing what was going on
Right, okay? This is interesting. It shows what's going on behind the scenes and then yeah like you said they cut back to them
Those oh and their antics yeah
Oh
I guess that there were two messages their number one burden atom are both very very old and grotesque and number two
They need the money bad who real bad
26 past noon at five sixty I prefer the old the Batman and Robin okay four to five on adventure TV on my digital cable
Where Robin has a kill boss of stuff in his green tides every day and let me tell you speak of that size does matter guys
That's what Robin always said and according to the Florida Department of Labor Labor computer professionals have really
Paychecks impressive big juicy fat
According to the state of Florida computer careers among the highest paid and still in highest demand
The demand is never ending at fast train can help you achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months before you know
What you'll be making some serious bucks fast trains got locations in Kendall Miami for Lord at all in Pemberton's
And they got dating weekend schedule so there's no excuse one more minute to stay in a crappy that end job working for peanuts
Which a lot of people are allergic to anyway call fast train tool free one eight six six fast train
That's one eight six six fast train. They got full-time job placement and Guadanteed financing too
Call fast train one eight six six fast train or check them out
They wicked worldwide web and get yourself a big fat impressive paycheck to like all these other computer wizards
Except for Carlos call a fast train one eight six six fast train
My
And look all this is 4205 city
Yeah
It's big
At 560 WQ
All right
And that's why I think the jet will have a chip b in chip season the jet and what did I tell you you don't talk to lie say you can talk
This is the beast I said shut up that's all but you're like a father to me. You don't talk to lumb done talking
When I'm done talking then you talk okay. I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine mr. Gough Club
Gotta show you the business sentence thing come in
This court sentences you do 20 years in ours
What you info I had to take off my mattress look like we'll be a bunk mate
The names more how it David starrows stage screen and terror dice what's yours big old me cofair?
You got so pan
So proud drill high I'm gonna make you my woman
God
God
Well, it's to be safe in here. No both
In Lord. I knew in the blue but hey
I'm gonna be like that you know who I am
All right, but I expect a pretty apology. I might just put that room in a bow time
The warden will see you now
Thanks
Well, mr. David
I won't worry too jack jack warden how can I help you see what I'm here to keep getting raped
To his advantage
I'll look into it right away. Thanks for what time somebody to now drop your path. I said drop your path. This was odds
favors no come to you
Oh
You'll be shot
That's how we pass the time away
Gang rape is funny 1233 at 560 wq a.m
So here's oyster neck aka bokeh Brian says
afternoon delay then we already have that yes
All folk music shame on you. I like a lot of folk music the entire time 40 in 1974 Dan Fogelberg all songs played in Albertson
Everything on the clear channel playlist that's for oyster neck for what it's worth
Here's somebody who's trapped in bokeh
It says I hope you're doing well. I have a pair of four and these are excellent. In fact all the ones coming in on the fact is our outstanding
Margaritaville
Oh, you know what else that he does that really drives me up the wall
What's that Jimmy Buffett yeah
Cheeseburger and paradise. Mm-hmm. See I shouldn't be saying that you shouldn't be knocking margarita
Villan-Cheeseburg because that's kind of a soft Florida y'all heard thing, you know
So like I said put them both on there margaritaville and cheeseburger and paradise by Jimmy Buffett
Man he makes me gag candle in the wind the princess divergent yep out in john
Got it got it and then it goes on to say from trapped in bokeh
More how it david it is just the worth I don't think we'll see the second anniversary
Also want to thank you for bringing a Michael Moore book to my attention going out to buy it today
Oh, right. There you go somebody trapped in bokeh is going out to buy the Michael Moore book excellent choice
Alan in LA says and he's absolutely correct the most annoying song of all time
I mean corrected this belongs on the list Dominique by the singing none
How could you miss this one so though out there so many Alan but now we didn't miss it got that on there Carlos
Dominique we got the singing none you got it
Get it
Macarena 48 you let up my life 37 don't worry be happy 20
That'd be a good song for moe you know don't worry be happy
Feelings 18 and ring my bell by Anita Ward 18. I'm surprised she's doing that good, you know
Yeah, I mean you sure we can always with that 100 years by yeah
It was only annoying because they played it so much it wasn't really that bad of a song
It was an okay disco you know disco we kind of sung to reinterer but it just uh I they overdid it
They overdid it god damn it they overdid it
Like this Marlon baseball crap you know a game like every couple of months it'd be okay, but we're overdoing it
Here's North Miami Beach hello. Oh Neil. Yes
Neil I'd love to tell you
First of all the song George of the world Jeremiah was a book writer driving me nuts Neil
That was great and you know something that should be on there sure three dogs night
Joy to the world you write that three dog night had some wow that's right they sucked actually
Didn't they know they had some good songs, but like what got played to that um mama told me not to come yeah
That was a good song
In fact, you know something that was a perfect song for you not too long ago
Uh-huh yeah
I year it was a that was a perfect it was George's theme song
About a year and some months ago, but too late now anyway three dog night. Let's just not slip over them one
Is the loneliest never now yeah, that was also over blah over that way, but that's not their fault
Look
Is it Anita Ward's fault that they overplayed ring my bell no so
Easy to be hard
Eli's coming
Mama mama told me not to come you know so all of their songs seem to have that same
Gorge Gorge team in them yeah
Celebrate out in the country
One man banned to the world with show we're putting it on there. It's annoying liar
Oh, that's the oh my god. That's even better than liar liar by the cast ways. That's the Greg Reed theme song
I love it just an old-fashioned love song. That's annoying
I've simply put it on there, but that was annoying corny never been to Spain. Yeah, that was okay
Black and white that was number one are you aware of that nope
Of shambala shambala was a good song all right show must go on right. Oh, I love show must go on
Yeah, they had some good you're right. I told you they had some good songs so three out of nine
And it's not their fault that they played joy to the world until it was come out until we had grief in the world just from that god damn song over and over grief tourists
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line pompato beach hello
Hey, Neil good afternoon. Yes sir. Buenos diasir. I've been in the out of the car. I don't know if anybody mentioned it
But it seems like anything and Murray thing. Oh
She had a morning after no morning after was a merely rush
But Anne Murray then what's that song?
It's it's it's like that's what you're you've got a man. Thanks
Snowbird isn't that the one I think so
Maybe it's not let me look up Anne Murray. She's right after Arthur Murray Canadian a
She's a Canadian lady a in fact on some of the channels here on the weekends when they're doing the informational stuff
It's the best of Anne Murray. It's only three cuts on it, but
Snowbird Danny song you won't see me you needed me. That was number one you needed me
All the songs were very very corny and syrupy, you know
But Snowbird is Snowbird is the song and then it was Danny song written by Kenny logon right for his nephew for me much better by Kenny logon's
And
Snowbird and Murray get it on there get that fish. I mean
Yeah, she's married. You know what a whole bunch of kids. Yeah, what's his wife's name?
Jack
5670560
I'm 560 on the AT&T and by the way because we do have that ballgame color over 1250 tomorrow
Unless fishing in with a red sauce, which is no point in not mentioning it now because it's upon us
Instead of playing you be ill in the day
Guess what I'm going to play instrumental up to the game
I don't know Gary glitter
Oh, since it's on our list, huh? All right. Why the hell not?
21 to 1 at 560 WDQ way in you see how hot's getting already like 90 plus just about every day
This turning on a hot stove to cook dinner turn you off
Maybe you should start grilling and for all your barbecue needs shop at barbecues galore
Barbecues galore has got the guaranteed lowest prices in town and this weekend they get even lower because barbecues galore is holding their big annual spring sale
This Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday only take advantage of humongous savings like 15% off on most barbecues and accessories at barbecues galore
Savo over 275 bucks on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills and side burner
And there's nothing like having a rear rotisserie the price is unbeatable or how about saving on a Weber grill just great for tailgating
There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories and cookbooks and sauces
All of these things are on sale too you get a humongous election awesome sale prices unalgebra and friendly staff
They'll fit you with the right grill just for you
Top brands great service and the annual spring sale going on Friday through Sunday only at barbecues galore
They're the barbecues specialist save 15% all weekend long at barbecues galore you'll find them in plantation and coral springs
Call 1-800 grill up for information in exact store locations for barbecues galore that's 1-800 grill up
My and local
This is 4-Tradio 560
Way in way in
Diddy Chocket or Diddy Cocket
Valentine's Day
Looking at cards from hallmark
Wishin that they were all marked down
I won't pay five bucks
For a folded piece of cardboard
So I decided to shop around
There
To the display
Pick it up
Something she
Just for you
She Valentine
I found one for just above
And I don't mind
That my woman
Places
Oh no
Cheat Valentine
The calories all that I've been
And I don't mind
That's a night I won't get lucky
Now the reason I played that what you're probably wondering is because even though it's a little outdated Neil Diamond
Neil Diamond I say song sung blue by Neil Diamond
You okay? Yeah definitely huh or a love on the rocks by your
Song song blue they play that 65,000 times that I'm on you know
Annoying in fact he's annoying yeah somebody says man either by hall. No, it's I don't I don't know
Then
I don't know is that annoying
Not as annoying as kiss on my list by hall notes
How do you what were you just saying kiss oh that kiss that kiss is
Yeah, I know the song. I know your kiss your things on my list. Okay, you can put that on there
I'd like that song as a matter of fact and they don't play that all that much once the last time you heard that
I don't know 100 years ago
See that's what I'm saying as a matter of fact
January is oatmeal month and what better way to celebrate and with a good hot album
It's the greatest hits of hall and oatmeal you'll get songs like it's a thick rule
It's a thick rule
At some sugar so you know it's not
Say money you can throw out your stapler
Say money it'll hang wallpaper you'll also get hit like you lost that lumpy feeling
She's gone for another bowl and
Brand-eater that's the greatest hits of hall and oatmeal a hardy way to start your day
See I knew we've put that in there all big trade for the Panthers big trade well. At least they dumped off Valerie Bre
stiff, I mean always injured. Yeah, I heard
Guilty making excuses from his mind. He's in jang he's always injured
He's perpetually injured and we does play couldn't put the puck in a go ocean. Okay
St. Louis Blue is required forward Valerie Bre from the Florida Panthers today
Strange for the fence man Mike van Rinn Ryan I never heard of this guy van Ryan our buy-in and if I never heard him
I'm a you know such a hockey me even even my pain or attention to the Western conference
Even what's much better, but I never heard of this guy so it goes to show you the Panthers dumped off Valpar in his cell
Bye-bye Valerie don't have to throw H&S on the way out and of course he lives right in my hood
Do you know that no I did not right out there? I think uh, Broward and uh, hi. He just right in that the neck of the woods right out by me
Well, maybe George will buy your house
Now what time we got to get out of here today can't believe the world done huh same bad same bad time same bad channel
And I went off of my city Paul there it is. Oh, we got no problem at all here. So here's the deal
We have to solve for marlins and red socks exhibition game come on hang on be on after the game
So keep tuning in and out and finding out when the coast is clear when uh another word check back with us later for something
You might like like the Humper and then we got u.m. baseball tonight as if this isn't enough and it he can't get a baseball game
So we got the most annoying song of all time was macarena by los spill rio 51
You let if my life debi boom 38 is the macarena is pulling away
Don't worry baby bobby m experience 20 uh be happy 20 that's it don't worry baby
Yeah, probably not my mind is it don't worry be happy bobby m experience 24
Bevings morse albert 21
Ring my ability to ward 19 and have it my baby and win beneath your thing bet Miller tied with 50
Oh
Oh my god
What's that we needl nlookin
oh
