Don't don't don't
Cindy I told you not to bother me
My eyes, sir mr. Mouse. Oh you snap a mad eyes, sir. Oh, no nothing sir. How are you?
I'm not good. Oh, no. What's wrong now sir? Oh?
One of my balls turned black sure your balls my basketball my garage it froze it turned black
Oh, that's terrible. I'm a big basketballer. Horrible. Take the car, my eyes. What what calls?
I'm a partner. I ran the paper. She's getting a divorce. Well, she's separated. There's some chemistry there
Eyes there. She wants me. I think she was just afraid to make the move on the big guy
But sir with all due respect you're you're a mouse. Hey
Don't tell me I know I'm a mouse. I'm hot though. She wants me. I can tell you're my
Pimp visor. Okay. Okay, sir. I'll make the hang on a minute
Three minutes
I am
That song we must do not sing that song anyone's definitely do doesn't it? Yeah
Doesn't make me happy we miss it makes me want to strangle you
Eyes, sir. Yes, sir. I do want to tell you one good thing. You're doing okay?
I dropped you for America. I don't you finally put this on the map about things
Oh
Well, sir, that's actually the Fox Network. Don't correct me, Eisner
What are you doing?
Don't play the symbols on the phone, Raymond
Disneyland band is terrible. That's right. They need me
Stop playing a simple again, Raymond
Eyes, sir. Yes, sir. What are we running? Well, sir. We've got the bachelor. Oh, that's right
That stupid firestein kid with that poopy-ton grin. No, no, sir. It's a fire stone
Yes, sir. Don't you correct me. What's his name?
What's his name?
Firestein. No, you idiot. It's fire stone. You leave another name about bachelor
Heavens, say to what's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings?
What about Peter? So you're doing a fine job?
I'll do a buck.
Raymond, I swear to God. I will take your hand between my white glove hands and
Foo shit. I'm under a little stress, boss. What's the matter?
You're trying to lick a Durham pad, do you?
The lick a Durham pad. You don't smoke, Raymond.
Get out of here, you moron.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job.
Peter Jennings is terrible. He's French.
Well, I actually saw his Canadian.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, is that what I tell you about correct me?
What is Peter Jennings? Say it.
French?
No, you moron. He's Canadian. He's the anchor of our network. You don't even know what he does.
Why do I keep you around, Eisner?
I don't know.
Why, Eisner?
I don't know.
You are. Say it.
Killing me?
Killing me.
And you know what? Try to get me on that bachelor's show.
Sir, you're married, Mouse.
Hey, Eisner. Yes?
I don't want to marry him. I don't want to date those 25 girls.
I just want to serve them.
I'm going to leave it.
9.05.560.
WDQM. Happy Thursday, too.
So if you think that's cute, yeah.
Wait till you see passions today.
Anybody that's a passions person, even love for if you're just an occasional viewer,
today is the one must see episode.
You know how there's some like serial shows or soaps or whatever it is.
Right. That there's one episode in your lifetime that you must see it.
As Julian Crane and Rebecca and Hollander are the booze-borns.
Oh, yeah, you all right.
Oh, yeah, Dad, I'm fine.
I just, I really love being trippled on.
Yeah, this is your fucking son.
What the fuck?
You're a fucking virgin.
Fuck you.
No, fuck you.
No, fuck you.
No, fuck you.
Look at this fucking room, you son.
Whatever, you're a fucking Jew.
Oh, the fucking loser, Dad.
All right, we have the furniture, a fucking stain proof.
It's very easy to clean up.
Watch.
Oh, believe me.
Just watch.
Oh, whoa.
Ah, no.
No, my fucking philogi pants again.
It's too good to be true.
Gotta see passion today, two o'clock NBC on the channel six.
Fourteen hundred and almost fifteen hundred votes on a poll yesterday.
Shocking in it.
No.
Why not?
It's a good poll.
The most dangerous proof, well, we've done this before.
The most dangerous person in the world today.
Look at that.
We got like more, I just printed it out and they're just pouring in.
How many we got now?
Fourteen ninety two.
That was a good year.
Was it?
George W. Bush, five hundred eighty nine, almost forty percent, the most dangerous person in the world.
Osama if alive, been logged in, ninety three.
Mohawar David had very good moans.
We'll be back up.
He started to tail off a little bit.
Mohawar David at hundred and thirty.
Hundred and about.
About thirty, man.
Kim Jong-il, 112, Richard Pearl, 96, Paul Wolfowitz, 94.
Dick Cheney if alive, 92.
And of course, who the hell knows, we almost never see him.
John Ascraw, 67.
Don Rumsfeld, 39.
I don't know what it is, but this audience just, maybe they just took a shine to him or something.
They like his press cons.
Is that what it is?
They like that great sense of humor when he drops little lines like.
Ariel Shirom, 33.
On Paisos, Noles.
Oh!
Rupert Murdoch, 32.
And Sodom if alive, who say until they got 11.
Right.
Out of about 1,500 votes.
Pretty heavy duty on a poor yesterday.
We got another great poll for today.
Thanks to a listener for a fact in the suggestion in yesterday.
It will take suggestions from you.
Now, why are all those lines ringing?
I have no idea.
Maybe they're just a phone checker.
Line checker.
QAM Line checker.
Day.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay, how you doing?
Good.
Red in the paper this morning.
I understand it's going to be the first lesbian kiss on all my children next week.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Yeah.
How about that?
I've got a ton of...
You don't know what you're doing.
So sorry.
But...
There's Donna Shalila nobata yet?
Because if she does, she'll have it banned at UM.
You can be damaged or that.
A milestone in daytime television.
I think she might like to be on a receiving end.
Oh, no.
I think I might take a peek at it.
What the hell?
Sure.
Why the hell not?
Why not?
Coochie Coochie.
It could be Susan Luchie.
Actually, it's Susan Luchie's daughter in the show where you're going to be doing it.
Well, that's a thing.
It's...
I read it.
It's in the Fort Leubert, on Newseys.
She already came out.
She is a lesbian.
So...
Yeah.
I guess it ain't going to be no big deal for her, whatever.
You never know.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
That's pretty exciting.
The W and George Bush stands for...
That's our poll today.
The W and George W. Bush stands for...
And we got some suggestions here already that we made and somebody else made.
Wonderful.
See, I tried to balance this out, but there aren't that many times...
No, seriously, there aren't that many positive words at the beginning with W.
Right?
Oh, that's what I didn't really think about it.
Wretched?
Wretched.
And I put the W in parenthesis on that because we're going to worry about spelling.
Wretched with the W.
Warmonger, Wasted, Warped, Worst or Wurthless.
You're writing down Wurthless and Wurthless, you got those?
How about Wacky?
Wacky rhymes with a Wacky.
That's not good.
Oh, speaking of that, we got a lot of...
Oh, if we got stuff today, I would strongly urge everybody in the world to go to our bedtime stories on eorogies.com today.
We got just piles, man.
Piles.
I don't understand why people are calling now.
I haven't sent anything yet.
You know, what is that all about?
Maybe they met you again?
Hey, is this George?
Yeah.
All right.
How about Neil?
Yeah, it's me too.
What can I do for you?
Hey, how you doing?
Well, two things.
I just saw your billboard and I thought, let me give you a call.
My God, you are extremely ugly.
Yes.
Right.
I do know that.
Okay.
The second thing is, if...
Have you seen the other people who work on QAM?
No, never have.
Well, I'm lovely compared to them.
So what is that?
That's why they didn't put their pictures in their billboards.
Because it's only because I am.
I look great compared to them.
I mean, put somebody else underneath.
I mean, you don't want to turn me off, but I said, no, let me call.
Do you have any level on this call or not, Carlos?
Any what?
There you go.
I wanted to be here every one of the shots real loud.
I don't want to hear you're waiting the background.
I don't have any level.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Continue with your attack.
No, I'm not attacking you.
You bet.
You said I'm ugly.
What do you look like?
What do you look like?
Oh, it's not a matter of how it looks like.
You're the celebrity guy, you know?
I look like hell too.
Celebrity?
You know, I'm not lovely like Dan Radder.
Or Larry King or David Letterman.
Jay Leno, there's a good looking guy.
Get out of here, you idiot.
Good looking celebrities.
Right.
Like Hansi, we're looking guy.
Great.
Important to have a pretty face for real.
You don't mention Mohawar David.
They tried putting Moza, push on his billboard, but the piece kept falling off.
Okay, now see, I mean, let's get to one or two at least serious things.
Because obviously the audience has got to bug up.
The rest of the net's good.
I like that.
Although speaking of dangerous bugs.
Yeah.
Now the dangerous strains of cholera, black fever, HIV, polio and hepatitis may have been
lost during the postwar looting of Iraq's key disease control facility.
ABC News has learned this morning.
The US military is where they may be used as weapons.
In an exclusive report on ABC News Good Morning America, Brian Rossville,
that scientists at Baghdad Central Public Health Laboratory,
are word that an unknown number of viruses have been stolen.
They say looters took refrigerators full of the deadly viruses Friday,
but they're not sure exactly what's missing.
They're in containers.
All of these things taken together.
cholera, AIDS and black fever.
One unidentified Iraqi woman told Ross.
Not just one or a couple, not just two or three.
Of the worst possible things in the world, but-
All of these things.
Ross says US Marines showed up at the facility today.
US sources are concerned that polio and hepatitis may have been stolen.
In addition to other viruses that may not be reflected in the official records in Baghdad,
Ross said, the Iraqi scientists say they have no idea who took the material.
They don't know whether it was swept up in a looting rampage or taken by somebody who knew what they had.
There's great concern and anger from the director of the lab about the failure of the US of Venthal Looting.
God are we doing a good job, you know what?
Between the library and between the museum and now the hospitals.
The Americans shouldn't just protect-
Oh, here comes the key line of the whole story.
The Americans shouldn't just protect the Ministry of Oil.
They should protect all the general public health services, the labs directed to Ross.
The written sign outside now reads in Arabic, stay away extremely dangerous.
Live is polluted with viruses.
Ross said there have been no reports of illnesses yet and the greatest danger may be the looter who took it.
And the wrong hands, however, it could be a potent weapon.
A very important weapon.
So I guess if we're concerned about finding weapons of mass destruction, maybe somebody else found some.
Yeah.
Not that we want to get any more nervous.
We got the SARS to worry about and up here we got the Nile virus we're worried about.
Everybody's like, in a panic.
You know, we got the bigger holidays coming up.
Too much mingling going on.
All of the best news is that no more wafers in the push and no more drinking in the communal wine.
At least not for the time being up here because-
What if they give you the wafers like with tongs?
Only the altar boys can receive it in their mouth.
913 at 560 WQM.
And here's some great deals from our good close personal buddies Tom Laman and Joe Prieto at Halopontiac GMC.
Listen carefully.
Put your ear right up to your radio and turn it up as loud as it'll go.
Nile deal number one.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Nile deal number two.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
That is correct.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
And Nile deal number three.
If you're currently a GM smart leaser smart by customer and drive a Chevy Blazer,
Olds, Bravado or GMC Jimmy, buy you or lease a new Pontiac or GMC get an extra $1,000 off the price.
Stop by Halopontiac and test drive the all new and exciting and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix too.
Halopontiac GMC you can't get a better deal.
You can't do business with people who treat you better.
There are 134 or one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls.
And the good news is whenever you're ready to shop they're ready for you because they're open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more information on these great Nile deals called the Nile deal hotline toll free,
1,885344211.
That's 1,885344211 and don't forget.
All Nile deals submitted to credit approval CD to four details.
Make no mistake about it.
Halopontiac GMC is professional grade.
Find a local, this is five cities.
Three is all yours.
You and me.
Nile God.
Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal or at least major life.
Doctor Philly's on daily.
I'm not even remotely qualified.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Expect cycle babble and buzzwords with no meaning and no purpose.
Let's go to your calls for Doctor Philly.
Sure.
Does Stan Ohio, hello.
Hi, how are you?
Fine.
Okay, go ahead, what's the question?
Yeah, I've been married about three months and my wife and I just had our first little argument.
What do you think I should do, Doctor Philly?
I think pull the trigger on divorce real quickly.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I think you two, if you're from all your good, close, personal friends of QAIM and from us two and happy pay saw and happy, what do we say about good Friday?
Other than we shouldn't be working on it, that's good. Shouldn't it be a holiday tomorrow? That would make it a good Friday.
As a matter of fact, let's take a look at the schedule and see if any of our people are taking off for good Friday, so nobody took off for pay saws, Passover is just not that kind of a holiday. Right. It's an eatin' holiday. Oh, look at that!
What is that all about? The Humper is off to man, where we got Joseph Ganky between three and seven. You think the Humper is taking off for good Friday? Is that could that possibly be what that's about? Possibly. Oh, my! Oh, my!
Well, we sure got a lot of Joseph Ganky lately, so I wouldn't be too optimistic for when that book comes out, Moth and Clarence, I wouldn't be too, hold my hopes up too. I got some two pieces of great news for the one guy that called yesterday. Can't you say anything good about this war? Well, this isn't really good about the war, because there is nothing good about the war, but...
And have you noticed that kid Ali about how he's now like superstar? Sure. He's on every newscast, and thank goodness he's doing so good. I mean, lucky Ali. Oh, brother, just tears your guts up.
And keep in mind, he's one of the ones who turned out better off, better off. I am maybe. Terrorism threat level drops from orange to yellow!
With the war on Iraq seemingly near an end, the Bush administration lowered the official terrorism threat level today, meaning yesterday.
Top administration aid said the decision to reduce the perceived threat to yellow from orange was based on several factors. Maybe it was based on the Orali factor.
They include the military progress in Iraqi assessments by intelligence and list that the chatter in terror circles has subsided.
A lot less chatter. You notice that? No. Oh, yeah, just put your hand out the window. You don't hear that.
Like we used to hear you. Yeah, chatter.
Never less announcing the lower threat level, the Secretary of Homeland Security, Tom Rigid, warned against complacency.
We must be vigilant and alert to the possibility that al-Qaeda, most sympathetic to their cause, as well as former Iraqi regime state agents and affiliated organizations may attempt to conduct attacks against the U.S. or interested broad Mr. Bred said.
By the way, speaking of organizations, how about the spokesman? What do I tell you? The sweep? They got the broomshot and Brian Marie's mighty duck swept the Red Wing slash knife for Games and a Roll. Nice going, Brian, VM.
Too bad, all you phony Red Wing fans in South Florida.
Least lost it over time. Third overtime. Eddie Bell for made 70, two stops.
Of course, the three he let in were putrid, but nobody's going to talk about those. They'll say, wow, wasn't he great after he let in the first two really bad goals and they'll say, yeah, he was great.
But in any rate, nothing's perfect.
So there you go. We're back to yellow. So everybody's a stand down just a little bit. Okay. You want to stand down?
Okay. Don't you love that expression? Yeah, what does that mean?
The only military expert that's saying that I like better than stand down is you like that one.
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of that, let's have a big who off for the big catch. Sodoms half brother. The five of clubs, five of spades.
Which one is it? Clubs, five of clubs, like I said.
U.S. Special Forces have captured Sodoms, Zanes, half brother, a senior former Iraqi government figure in the late night swoop and bagged that.
The snatch came as intelligence forces revealed that several key former Iraqi officials may still be hiding inside a rack.
Are you faxing me crap? Yes. Wow.
Must be important stuff because my fax machine, my fax machine just made these big clunky. In fact, it's still the one.
It must be really heavy to do this stuff. Well, that's the kind of good big,
but we might in Saint Pete says the W stood for what me worry, right? I think we ought to put that on there. Don't you?
Are you adding it? I'm adding it. What me worry? What comma me worry? I like that.
Although, let me say it again. Don't ever call them Alfred. You knew me again. I think you'll want to apologize to Alfred if you do that.
Thanks, big Mike. In Saint Pete, not that let's see George white stupid man in honor of Mike Moore Bush says J in Tampa.
What's going on over there in West Coast? We got people in Tampa in Saint Pete. We might even start getting some response from South Florida pretty soon.
Don't go crazy. You never know. Tampa, Saint Pete.
Okay. Loot will be calling next. So anyway, this ace of clubs. I mean, the five.
The five or clubs, Basron, Ibrahim Hassan, I'll take three. I'll take three. If you saw in San Brother and former senior presidential advisor was captured by a team of special forces by US Marines, Brigadier General Vincent Brooks told a press briefing and gutter today.
But there's a sad is a little piece of bad news. What the hell did I do with it?
About how they couldn't find all that all that important documentation. Did I print that out? You know, I see I told you I've got too much stuff here. Too much stuff. No, seriously, I've got 45,000 different things here today. I can't keep track of any of it.
There was all that stuff. All these important documents and somehow these big houses that they rated. And they were all laying around like Sonom's all his little black book and all of his.
Girlfriends and wives and headhands chosen terrorist connections, etc. By the way, that Abu Abbas, Malpatatus. If we have time, he will talk about that. Abbas. But that's the proof.
Okay, he was connected with terror now. Guess what?
The world is buying it. Got a bitch that really shut up. Big story here from the BBC Carlos slap him on the side of the head. Okay. He is already not even 930 at already out of control. God, did we have a good time last week?
Anyway, somebody mentioned Tim Robbins and the speech that he gave to National Press Club and it's on our website. Is it on there already Carlos? No, very soon.
Like I said, it'll be on our website very, very shortly. I don't know what your problem is. Only a fact you have 600 bedtime stories today.
You're going to be right on top of that, man. And I have the transcript of the speech, which is I think a little bit too long to be the whole thing on here, don't you?
Well, I really don't care what you think, but I'm there. There's a couple of pages here that I am going to get to a lot of reading today. A lot of bedtime stories.
I know some people get upset about that because we don't get as many of the really good calls and you know what? Two freaking bad.
As the booze borne said on on passions or they will say today to bed. Okay. It's just you have to see it. And then of course the clowns are going crazy too.
And what's his name? Charlie. She's she's banging the blonde dolls. So to speak. WQ AM. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, how about a week? Week or wait? Wank or no, wait or what? A jerk? Week is good. I like week. I like that one. Yeah, I like Wank too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'll tell you one thing. It's getting a little scary up here. If it's not the sorry, it's the West now virus. And then there's all the go. We're going to be throwing them wafers around. Wow. Tomorrow's a good day to stay in. You know.
A real good day to stay inside. WQ AM. Witty.
Witty. Witty. Witty. Warmonger. That's a good one. We already got Warmonger. But it is. Witty. Warmonger and white bread. I think white bread is not too bad actually. Yeah, there you go. And how about Jennifer Lopez, George, that's carbon. That was great. I loved it. I loved it in the car.
You were great. Okay. See you. You're watching JLo now. It was on South Park. They were making her big time. JLo is invaded South Park. Oh, they shredded her.
Oh, no, it's hysterical. Okay. I'd enjoyed it. It wasn't as good as passions with the aboos, born. I guarantee if you saw it, you'd craft your pants. I'm telling you right now, but you won't watch it, but you were hard.
You know, you're just very narrow in your scope. You stick to the same tried and true South Park. The pran was anything begins with an ass, you know. That's pretty much it. Yeah.
A lot of home. Right. I'm telling you, you forget it because she wouldn't begins with the nest. Okay. So proper. Oh, that begins with the nest too, see. Right up your alley. Are we going to get that new pool on there? I don't want to start pushing these guys. I don't really can't read it. I'm refixing it for the third time. He can't read it. I got to go over it.
Oh, you have to be joking me. Would you like me to fax it to him from here on a fax machine that really works? Yeah, you know what that wouldn't be a bad idea. That wouldn't be a bad idea at all. Well, guess what? I don't worry the hell's his number. I'm not going to posth you.
I'll do it. I'll just go. I'll just read it again. Okay. Is he really that retarded? That's slow. The W and George W bush stands for. And then we got a list here. Wonderful. Wretched reckless with the W. We don't worry about our spelling. We'll do whatever we want.
Wormonger wasted, warped, worst, worthless. What me worry? Week or white bread? As in he ain't no ancho mama. Huh? He don't even know no ancho mama.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp five. Is he going to be able to get that or should I fax it to him seriously? Fax it now. It's on its way. You are faxing it. Yes.
Because we got all these short breaks today. What's going on with that sales department? I'm not getting any new copy from these people.
I don't want to start up again with them, but they're like are they all on vacation to I don't know. Are they like on Pesach, Good Friday and the rest of the year vacation?
Is that what the deal is a Q. I. And Jesus Christ man. Instead of wasting your time coming and hocking with me there in the morning or car.
Whatever their name is muffin clearance. Go back to the sales department and jump up and down. Hop on a man.
We're going to be out of business pretty soon if they don't get with it. What a bunch of losers and let's get some new copy from you losers back there too. Don't get me started about fat boy.
Oh, I thought of BS artist he is. Hey pal, I'm going to get you that great new band runnin' in.
Just stay away from a fat boy. Okay, don't ever call me again. Ever. I will tell you about a great one of our sponsors. Don't mess brandy shoes. They've been on the show for a long time.
I've been in business for a long time. This is their 2050 on business in South Florida. A lot of other shoes go earth probably dozens and dozens and hundreds of come and gone during that period of time.
But the reason brandy is still around is because they have an unbeatable combination for you. A fantastic selection of men's home and famous brand.
Shoes the best in the world rock ports. Echoes, Mifisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. Floreshine, Everyday Low prices, special sales every week.
And great sales holes for reading the law how to treat your right and get your perfect fit every time.
So if you want to get your feet in the shoes that you really love, this is the place to do it. Brandy is a great place to shop for shoes of all kind for men and women.
Of course they got all the sizes. Men's 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12 and went from the very, very narrow to the very big and virsingly wide. Like a duck.
Brandy shoes, they're at 12, 90, North Federal Highway in Papua, N.D.L. 9, Sunday's 10 till 5. And all this wicked brandy's don't forget it's a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes.
Take 20% off all men's women's S.A.S. styles and be sure to visit Brandy shoes on the web at Brandy's Shoes.com.
We're supporting you on 5.6.C.A.M.
I'll get off this instantly.
Mohamed Abu LaBe, your German is hanging over your eyes. You'll look like you have a clue.
As you say, we don't appear that you know what thing about Bruce. And your agenda is really quite clear.
Paving America, Paving your democracy, craving your US and Jews.
All right.
931 at 560 W.D.K.M.
Here's what it says. The lowering of the terror alert is nothing but a political move to show that there was a benefit to the war in Iraq and prove the terrorist link.
Okay.
Whatever that means.
No, I think that now we got the war under control. It's to say, hey, guess what? It's all over and didn't we do a great job and everybody's safe again.
Okay, it's okay to come stick one leg out from underneath the bed.
You post stick it out too far because then the SARS might get you or something else.
This affects about the poll for whatever this is weak.
Did you look at this? Yeah.
Palm Beach troublemakers is sorry for your racking your brain over New Daily Poll.
So what about this one 25 years ago?
The movie network accurately predicted what the world would be like today.
What movie do you think most accurately depicted life in 2028?
Will most accurately depict?
It says what movie do you think will most accurately depict life in 2000?
What did I say?
Most accurately depicted.
Will you slap them on the other side of the head now for me, please Carlos.
Here are some obvious starter suggestions.
A million years BC sleeper escaped from New York, planted of the apes, road warrior and soyland green.
I mean, I appreciate the effort there, but I think it's kind of weak.
I like it.
No, I like it.
You like it? It's a good idea.
I think it sucks.
I'll tell you what I'll save it for next time you're on.
So look at a calendar.
Now what is next year?
So Tim Robbins writes or he didn't actually write this.
This was the transcript of the speech he gave to the National Press Club a couple of days ago.
As a matter of fact, it was two days ago and two days ago.
I'm not going to read the whole thing like I said.
It's too long, but he's with the concept.
There's always been a popular target.
I remember when Columbine High School shootings happened.
President Clinton criticized Hollywood for contributing to this terrible tragedy.
This is we were dropping bombs over Kosovo.
Could the violent actions of our leaders contribute so much to the violent fantasies of our teenagers?
Or is this all just Hollywood and rock and roll?
I remember reading at the time that one of the shooters had tried to enlist to fight the real war a week before we acted out his war in real life at Columbine.
I talked about this in the press at the time.
And curiously, nobody accused me of being unpatriotic for criticizing Clinton.
In fact, the same radio patriots that call us traders today engaged in daily personal attacks on their present during the war in Kosovo.
Today prominent politicians who have decried violence in movies, the blame Hollywooders, if you will, recently voted to give our current president the power to unleash real violence in our current war.
They want us to stop the fictional violence but are okay with the real kind.
And these same people that tolerate the real violence of war don't want to see the resultant on the nightly news.
Unlike the rest of the world, our news coverage of this war remains sanitized without a glimpse of the blood and growing inflicted upon our soldiers or the women and children in Iraq.
Violence is a concept and abstraction. It's very strange.
As we applaud the hard-edged realism of the opening battle scene of saving private Ryan, we cringed the thought of seeing the same on the nightly news.
Our total would be pornographic. We want no part of reality in real life. We demand that war be painstakingly realized on the screen but that war remain imagined and conceptualized in real life.
In the midst of all this madness, where is the political opposition? Where have all the Democrats gone? Long time passing, long time ago.
Where the apologies to Robert Burd, I have to say it's pretty embarrassing to live in a country where a five-foot-one comedian has more guts than most politicians.
We need leaders not pragmatists that cover before the spin zones of former entertainment journalists.
We need leaders who can understand the Constitution. Congressmen who don't in a moment of fear, indicate their most important power, the right to declare war to the executive branch.
And please, can we please stop the congressional sing-alongs?
In this time when a citizen reapplauds the liberation of a country as it lives in fear of its own freedom, when an administration official releases an attack at questioning the patriotism of a legless Vietnam veteran running for Congress, when people all over the country fear reprisal if they use their right to free speech, it's time to get angry, it's time to get fierce.
And it doesn't take much to shift the tide. My 11-year-old nephew, a shakid who never talks in class, stood up to his history teacher, was questioning Susan's patriotism.
That's my aunt you're talking about, stop it, and the stunt teacher backtracks and began stammering compliments and embarrassment.
Sports writers across the country reacted with such overwhelming fury at the Hall of Fame that the president of the Hall of Fame admitted he made a mistake and majorly baseball disavowed any connection to the actions of the Hall's president.
A boy can be stopped and so can a mob, it takes one person with courage and a resolute voice.
The journalist in this country can battle back at those who would rewrite our constitution in Papua Nac 2 or Papia the sequel as he'd call it in Hollywood.
We're counting on you to star in that movie. Journalists can insist that they not be used as publicists by the administration.
The next White House correspondent to be called on by Erie Fleischer should defer their question to the back of the room to the banished journalist du jour.
In any instance of intimidation to free speech should be battled against. Any acquiescence or intimidation at this point will only lead to more intimidation.
You have with the elected or not an awesome responsibility and an awesome power the fate of discourse to the health of the republic is in your hands whether you're right on the left or on the right.
This is your time and the rest of you have chosen.
We lay the continuance of our democracy on your desks and count on your pens to be mightier.
Millions are watching and waiting in youth frustration and hope hoping for someone to defend the spirit and letter of our constitution and to defy the intimidation that's visited upon us daily in the name of national security and warped notions of patriotism.
Our ability to disagree and our inherent right to question our leaders and criticize the actions define who we are to allow those rights to be taken away out of fear to punish people for their beliefs.
To limit access in the news media to differing opinions is to acknowledge our democracy's defeat.
These are challenging times. There's a wave of hate that seeks to divide us right and left pro war and anti war.
In the name of my 11 year old nephew and all the other unreported victims of this hostile and unproductive environment of fear.
Let us try to find our common ground as a nation. Let us celebrate this grand and glorious experiment that survived for 227 years to do so we must honor and fight visually for the things that unite us like freedom.
The first amendment and yes, they fall said Tim Robbins for the national festival on TV.
Nice going Tim. Nice going baby because you are so moving.
How do you like that? Like that a lot. I'd like to read it like 45 or maybe not quite 45 maybe only 21 till 10 a Q a.m.
You're a bad yes I am.
I asked you out. You said no way.
The weekends here.
I'm all alone.
I'm horny now.
And grab my phone with home.
I'm out of here.
And then I close it up and down through.
She thank God for passing.
Lean with palm.
I'm 43 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy a Passover happy.
Good Easter happy Easter.
Happy what else?
I say good Easter.
Good Easter.
Well, that's what the Mars would Friday and a good Easter and goody goody.
All the same polar crap.
I don't say that you can't say that.
I just did because it's true.
Here's a good one from David Lakeland Weasel.
Let's get that on there.
What are you saying?
I like it.
Wish I could change my vote.
All over apologize to the one who died on Moe's forehead.
That is a Weasel in it.
Let's grab or a durable muskrat.
He's doing a muskrat ramble.
I could just see that.
Can't you see it?
Moe doing a muskrat ramble right in the studio.
There with guilty playing the flute.
Here's Stuttering Girlen Holmes did.
It says George Wasting Tax Pairs Money Bush.
It's a little bit untidy.
Oh, thanks.
Thank you.
Anyway, Stuttering Girlen.
I wonder if he's keen to Stuttering Steve.
That calls a Mosheu every morning along with Juan and Lou.
Here's an interesting piece from the UK Mirror newspaper.
US Pay Off Army Leaders.
Many of Saddam's top military henchmen were secretly paid off
and airlifted the safe havens by US Special Forces' Baghdad fellow
who was claimed last night.
The double-dealing Republican Guard leader, Maher Sufi,
ordered his division lay down their arms after the US agreed to take him
by Apache helicopter to a secret location.
My phone is ringing again.
You know what that means?
Book of Brian's disc must be there.
Out that.
Iraqi troops around Baghdad had slipped away before the US advanced,
dumping huge caches of arms in the streets behind them.
Details of the CIS dealings were kept confidential as the Iraqi Capitol fell
for fear of reprisals against Saddam loyalists as other negotiations took place.
A military source at US Central Command in Qatar said yesterday,
the fact that the coalition was able to make these deals now we took Baghdad with surprising ease.
Now you're starting to understand why they went in there with like nobody there.
Yes.
There's virtually no organized opposition.
They cut some deals, you know?
I don't know how many bucks they had to pay to get these generals to a coal-ess.
The W and George Bush stands for.
We got to pull up there already.
Workless 13.
Wonderful 9.
Woo!
Out of 44 we got 9 who say wonderful.
Man.
A warmonger for white bread three, reckless with a W3, warped three, worse three, wretched appear.
What me worry too?
That's what I voted.
Wasted two and wank didn't have any yet.
You can't call the president a wank, can you?
Unless his name was Bubba.
No, no, seriously, just like Tim Robbins says when Clinton was in there
and he was being just excoriated not only for his sex life,
but every time he farted it wasn't the right flavor and he made up every kind of story out of the sun.
I mean, it was just brutalizing the guy who basically on every stole a freight train,
like Michael Moore said, he did a lot of crap to make no mistake about it.
His hands were mighty dirty when he left, but nonetheless everything is relative.
But the point being that we got 8 million different sarcastic, caustic satires on Bubba in here
was there ever a complaint?
Was there ever a complaint about the Jocelyn Elders bit?
No.
And last time I checked, he's a hell of a lot darker than Condoleezza.
But boy, once you start messing with this crowdman with the goose steppers we have taken control of the country
in a bloodless coup, well it was bloodless to list the last business happened.
Then it's a different story.
It's a horse of it in color.
And we're going to get you off the air.
We're going to, because that's what they want.
They want one voice.
They want Fox News on.
They want clear chandelier on all radio and Fox News on TV stations.
And that'll be it.
That's it.
That's all you need to know.
All spin all day.
Unfair, unbalanced, tilted far to the right so far that your TV would look like a Lenin tower pizza.
You know what I'm saying?
You'd have to put supports on it on the right side so it didn't tilt over.
Yeah, I think we're being freaked by the way.
Are we?
Why do you say that?
Because wonderful just passed from like 9 to 17.
Now, but you don't understand there's 65 votes on here and 51 of them are there.
See, there's only one positive category.
Oh, Carla slapping like on a forehead now.
Yeah, that'll do it.
Well, why is it that you're so slow since you came back?
I think North Carolina kind of slows you down.
Oh, it does.
Although you did come up with something good.
Oh, you came up with a story from ABC.
That was very good because I didn't know nothing about it.
About the botulism and the color and the HIV and the, the, uh, oh.
Now we're too busy are guarding the oil ministry.
We don't have time to worry about all these other things.
There's something very, very wrong.
Something really smells bad.
I didn't see 60 minutes two last night.
I was watching a hockey.
I'm so sorry.
But you said that Dan rather actually did a couple of things.
Yeah, they did a little warnings.
We warned you.
The pictures you're about to see are a little because they were talking about the mop up operation.
So they went into a hospital and how they don't have any supplies.
And here's all the children with the, uh, blown up faces and no eyes.
Uh, yeah, etc.
Well, long overdue.
Of course, now that the whole thing is over with, I guess it may be a little bit late,
although it's something to think about for next time.
Next time.
Yeah.
Next time.
Like Syria.
The W and George W. Bush stands for worthless 15.
Wonderful 14.
That's 21.5%.
So you see it leaves 78.5%.
Don't say so wonderful.
If there's some other positive ones, feel free to call them in.
I have no problem with that, but I couldn't think of any other positive ones.
W is just a strange initial for a strange guy.
Uh, War Munger 11.
Worst 7, wretched 6, warped 6.
W with a W5.
Let me worry full.
White bread 4, wasted 3, and wank still don't have any.
No wank.
Kind of like the mad dog.
No wank.
W2-a-m.
Yeah, hi.
Hi, how you doing?
Uh, hi.
Am I on the air?
It sounds just like you.
I've got a positive one for W.
Great.
On the wagon.
Yeah, but that starts with a, uh, well, but you know, and then also of course, seriously,
woolly headed.
Woolly headed.
Woolly.
WHO, like woolly.
Woolly headed.
You mean like James Woolsey?
No, like thick cotton head.
Okay, thanks.
And also, yes.
I think it's absolutely astonishing that they would be, uh, guarding it.
Not astonishing, it's predictable.
Guarding the oil field instead there, uh, while they were ignoring 5,000 year old, uh, treasures in this cradle of civilization in the museum.
It's just so predictable of that.
Yeah, like Tom Rumsfeld said, who's going to worry about a few broken pots in the American pots?
Yeah.
Okay, hang in there.
You too.
Hi.
Weasel.
And weasel get any votes?
Oh, we, we haven't put weasel on her yet.
Don't start pushing Eric.
Now he's having a very, very stressful morning because you didn't fasten very clear.
But Joe, as early as our good buddy from Roth office supplies, we're going to bring us a toner for down here.
Yes he is.
And that's something how I have so much better equipment and so much more update all my supplies up here in Toronto, even though I'm not a QAM.
That's probably the reason when you think I would have two a toner standing by just in case in their nice brand new box.
I have a whole case.
And what's this really good, uh, fax paper?
I don't know.
I'll tell you.
Sure.
Well, they had a special on it when I called it order it.
I want to make you feel like, you know, inferior, even though that place is.
Yeah.
Oh, it's at the bottom of my garbage thing here.
One moment please.
Oh, it's a hammer mill.
Okay.
Remember, arrived your hammer used to drive at the meadows?
Oh, yeah.
No, hammer mill.
And then it was quirky hammer.
We used to drive cold Sunday at Jackson, harness raceway 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Let's do some harness racing talk.
And then we'll recap the 72 shots of the bill for stop last night and triple overtime and the three greasers that he lived in.
There was more grease on those goals than you find even crazy john ever saw the little red caboose.
Whatever happened, whatever I don't want to go into it because I'm going to start with the salespeople again.
We have no information.
We have no idea who got PDL and he's accounts.
We have no idea what the hell is going on.
And I go on screw and she's to there still try to try to scrape her ass up off the floor back there.
After that drive, like that Marlon came to the other night couple weeks ago, she's still out of it.
WDQIM.
I look what I just did.
QIM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I think the W stands for, what do I do next, daddy?
Or what do I do next, Dick?
No, I don't, doesn't he always look when he has a speech like, what do I see, Luke?
Yeah, you're in the headlights look, I call it.
I'm so glad you read the Tim Robinson because I happen to see it on CSAN.
Right.
And it was too long of course to send you, but I mean he was phenomenal.
And I'll tell you if they had more speakers like that, you know, he's really right.
If we had a movement in the first place.
I think we're having a lot of movement, not the kind of looking for him.
To speak out, I also want to say to you, you know, the chimpanzee, what's her name?
Oh, precious.
Now so far the guy that plays Louise hasn't had any scenes with precious.
Oh, but wait, wait until you see it.
Wait until you see today.
But yesterday he could barely keep a straight face.
Did you notice?
But today it's going to be even better because I see the day ahead of you again.
Today, precious is lifting up the back of his shirt and checking out his laptop.
And Hank, Hank comes in and says, I think he's got something for you precious.
Yeah, but you're not hitting anybody right now.
Oh, Hank, what do you say?
Hank is so stupid.
He's going to become a police officer.
Yeah, exactly.
If it were right there, would I prove you know?
I knew that woman was going to be another normal.
Yeah, and Charlie.
Didn't you almost fall off here?
The first episode she was in, did you almost fall off your chair when she said something about
I'm going to be your friend Beth and her mother goes under her breath.
That's what they say in Provincetown.
It was like...
I'm going to tell you, I want you to call me tomorrow because if you see it today,
I guarantee you better have two changes of underwear, Hank standing by.
Oh my god, I have to go out but I have to tape it.
But the after, I mean, he could not keep a straight face.
Yeah.
And...
Well, can you imagine how many times they have to retake those things?
But I think the girl that played Beth was already used to her because she would be like real serious
and he'd have this smirk kind of face like an out-please audience if you've never watched
passions before.
Especially today, if you're going to watch it one time in your lifetime today is today with the
booze-borns.
They have the most suggestive remarks and it's great.
Yeah, have a good time.
All right.
Here's one, George, wrong-headed bush.
What do you think?
Wrong-headed?
No, no, no.
Week?
Week.
Wrongful?
I mean, they're trying.
Whitley, maybe this isn't such a good pool suggestion.
I'm likely.
Whitley's good.
Whitley's not bad.
Whitley's got to come up with something positive.
Come on, because wonderful is like...
Wonderful is number one now.
He's wonderful.
And if we ever had that thing in here again, which I'm sure it's not in here anymore,
what ever happened to that thing?
What thing?
It disappeared.
The Stan Freiber thing where he says, oh no, we never had that.
The one he says, wonderful, wonderful.
We have G-Den, it was a warlitzer.
It was in there.
It did disappear.
And I don't know how.
Remember that one thing?
And the warlitzer one disappeared too.
Something really strange going on here at QM.
Maybe we're being censored again.
Anything that's possible?
I remember putting it here.
See if we had anybody...
Let me just tell you this.
If we had anybody in the market who actually really wrote,
other than some bitches of being a DJ on my 100 again,
or some silly thing like Jikker wrote at the footnote of his column this morning,
but if him or Glenn Garvin, who of course is a real right-winger anyway,
or Kent Baxter was visiting a sports lady now,
if there was anybody in the market who wrote about radio,
that whole story about Condoleezza and Fox News and all that stuff that went down,
that was a major story in local broadcasting of this past year.
There wasn't one word written about it.
And of course, God forbid anybody should write about the chilling effect
that's going on out about how, you know, right-wingers are trying to get all the rest of us off the year.
No, we don't want to write about that because we don't want to give that fat,
any more publicity.
Don't even mention my name if you want.
I'm not looking for publicity. It's not going to help.
Especially now we got the nifty billboards up, but we push on it.
But, you know, and this is what you dealing with,
because most of the people who are writing about all this stuff,
just like Glenn Garvin, you read his stuff in a hero,
and he starts peddling his right-wing bullcrap, too,
right there on a guy, then instead on the editorial pages,
he's editorializing on a guy, then people page.
We're supposed to be fluff.
So like I said, good luck to us all.
Live live and local.
We're supposed to be on 5CCCC.
We're 08 AM.
And now, I'll just hear the TV presents
Iraqi Information Officer Camel Pukar.
Hello, my fellow Iraqi citizens.
I don't know why we make that noise, but whatever.
I'm here to tell you that everything is going well for Saddam's Republican Guard,
and we are this close to defeating the great infidel Americans once again.
They are not even in Iraq.
They're not even close to Baghdad.
They have not gotten closer than 100 miles to Baghdad.
Hey!
Holy shit!
What happened to the lights?
Probably just someone with a gas grill,
it didn't hook it up right or something.
Nothing to worry about, nothing to worry about.
Baghdad is safe, as we, the army of the great Saddam Hussein, are here to protect you.
Don't worry, that's not gone fire that you hear.
Dad is firecrackers.
That's a crazy act.
We celebrate Chinese New Year, crazy Chinese people here in Baghdad.
Not to worry, you are safe.
I know that the large vehicles passing by with the gunfire,
behind me, they look like American tanks,
they're really ice cream truckers.
Saddam, bitch!
Getting on the car!
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
I'm going home!
I can't hit it!
You won't be able to provide them.
You can run, run, run, run, run, run!
Fire!
We mess in bad, I'll pay that.
10-0-0-560 WDQM.
The U.S. campaign to disarm Syria prompted a hospital response from Iran and Egypt yesterday.
With both suggesting, Washington is doing Israel's bidding and it's going comfort with Damascus.
Ready for that?
Yeah, I'm ready.
I think the Syrians were pretty clever actually to come up with that deal in the U.N. and the Security Council.
Short off.
Put a resolution in there to get rid of all weapons of Damascus struck in the Middle East.
Of course, that would include not just Israel and Egypt and Syria and Iraq and Iran, but also Indian Pakistan.
You think they're giving up them nooks?
No!
I don't think so.
You think Israel's giving up their 200 nooks?
No!
Don't think so.
But Ariel says he's thinking about it.
I'm thinking about them settlements, you know?
He says he wants you to know after Pesach.
Speaking of religious crazy people like him, Pentagon's preacher Eurk's Muslims.
In a move angered the anguished Muslims, the Pentagon's good Friday service will be offered by an evangelical preacher who dubbed Islam very evil and wicked last year.
An army spokesman says a relatively small number of Muslims at the Pentagon felt the invitation was inappropriate because of Reverend Franklin Graham's past anti-Islamic comments.
But Lieutenant Colonel Ryan Yantz says Christians at the Pentagon had asked for Graham and the Pentagon tries to accommodate the worship needs of all religious groups.
He said Muslims.
Yantz notes that separate Muslims services are scheduled at the Pentagon the same day because Friday is the Islamic Sabbath.
Graham was heavily criticized for calling Islam a very evil and wicked religion in an interview with NBC, not long after the terrorist attacks on the American Washington.
He wrote in a subsequent Wall Street Journal column that he doesn't believe Muslims are evil people because of their faith.
But I decried the evil he said that's been done in the name of Islam or any other faith including Christianity said.
But I assure a lot of that you know what?
Nah, man.
I believe it's my responsibility to speak out against the terrible deeds that a committed as a result of Islamic teaching he wrote, singling out the repressive treatment of women and the absence of religious expression in some Muslim countries.
You know, thank God that the Catholic Church has all those women priests.
Right? Right. Right.
In fact, not that we want to get into like a pissing contest, but over the centuries throughout history and of course Islam has been around a very, very long time.
But throughout history which religion has massacred the most innocent people?
Good question.
Which religion has made more people an offer that they couldn't refuse?
Christianity.
Oh.
He also said that the persecution of a elimination of non-Muslims has been a cornerstone of Islam conquest and rules for centuries.
And it since made other comments attacking Muslim for lack of religious tolerance.
What a guy.
Graham, son of famed evangelist Billy Graham, recently sparked fresh anger with plants to send Christian relief workers into a rack when it war ends.
That's right. We're going to go over there and all those town heads, all those impudels will convert them.
Well, bring them to Jesus, baby.
Can you imagine the money they can, the denars they can rake in? They can sit around and have some good denars together.
You did see that now they want to put the American dollar in here because they said the denar is worthless.
Right. Now why is that? Why is it worthless?
Because of us.
Samaritan's purse, the relief agency hinted by Graham, is poised by a shelter water medical assistance inside a rack as soon as military clearance is available.
As American and ally troops rolled into a rack, Samaritan's purse has a well-equipped team already on the ground in the Middle East.
Ready to help thousands of suffering families in the name of Jesus Christ, a statement on a group's website says, holy cow.
I'm not saying that either. That was bad.
So you got no matter what you say, it's bad. That's India.
Well, it's close, close by.
Jesus Christ. Don't say that.
Some Muslim groups believe Graham has ulterior motives given his past viewpoints.
People are suspicious about his real aim, which could be to take advantage of a situation in which people are desperate said, hold on Hassan, a spokesman for the council on American Islamic relations in Washington, they'll have food on one hand in the Bible, the Christian Bible and the other.
A spokesman for Graham's groups said religious issues might be raised.
We do not not deny the name of Christ.
Can Isaacs of Samaritan's purse told new house new service?
Jesus Christ.
We believe in sharing him indeed in word, we will be who we are.
Right. A bunch of intolerant right wing Graham will be who we are and will never change.
That's for damn sure.
The W and George Bush stands for wonderful wretched reckless warmonger wasted warp worst workless what may worry weak white bread, weasel or witless.
And we can add to it. I'm sure we will.
Don't you think we ought to get some positive ones?
Well, I don't know of any other ones yet, but I'm sure we got 185 votes and worthless is number one with 40.
WQ I am.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Nielogicil.
Yes, it sounds like it to me.
Yes.
Thank you very much. I am not much time, but I just was wanting to be able to have noticed that editorial in the Sun Central today in the connection of death tell with this administration and the regular administration and the right.
George Schultz, yeah.
All right. He noticed that already.
Yes, sir.
Okay, thank you very much. There's a great editorial.
Thanks a lot.
Hey, Niel.
Yeah, we had that on days ago about George Schultz and backtell him, but nevertheless, Sun Central get around with sooner or later.
Better late than ever.
What about wicked? Why don't we have that on there?
Good question.
Who was it who said that in the movie?
Fame. What was your name?
Marino.
Marino.
Yes.
Who used to be on the $25,000 pyramid all the time, right? Marino.
Why don't you book a brand squeezing himself?
No, squeezing his kneecaps.
Old chicken neck.
What do you call that?
Wicked.
Remember that? That was a great movie, Fame.
Great music.
Surprise.
Great. All right. I thought it was going back.
Who wants to go to an affidavit school anyway?
Lee Roy.
She was good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQIM.
Niela.
Yes, sir.
How about Wacko?
What is it?
Wacko.
Wacko?
And we shouldn't blame him because the guy can't help it.
He's a retard.
But besides, he has a bus.
Chaining.
Chaining has a bus.
They're all companies.
The all company has a bus.
The military industrial complex.
Run by Goon.
Yeah, I had a bus too.
He has a month.
It's called to be on too long.
Oh, here you go.
Here's Hector's got one.
W for winner.
There you got to have a few positive ones on here.
Looks like we stacked the deck.
Weenor.
Would we ever do that?
I mean, y'all, what is what it is?
Winner.
Give that on here right away.
Come on.
Let's give that on here, Eric.
Put down that goddamn cross sandwich with bacon and cheese.
Oh, why do you like those?
Haven't had one of those in years.
All those good news is we have plenty of burger kings up here.
Well, good.
And McDonald's.
And Subway.
Kentucky Fry.
Pizza pizza.
Huh?
What else do you want?
We also have that great roger's almond brittle.
And Nestle's a turtle.
I'm not eating, okay?
And of course, the Mars, the big weigh in me and the beast.
We'll see who's doing well and who's not doing so well.
I'm telling you right now, if he doesn't think it would, and I'm not giving any of that food to Fat Boy.
Fat Boy, you can blow it out to your fat old ass, okay?
Just don't do it in that building.
He would.
Yeah, he would.
Yeah.
But there must be somebody else in the building.
If the beast is going to screw us over on that.
Because balance for life is great.
They've been very nice to us.
And, huh?
There must be somebody else in this building.
Like I said, there must be...
How many do you think there are?
About 30, man.
Yeah, who'd be delightful?
The candidates for a balance for life.
Because the beast has really been screwing off lately.
You're not fooling anybody anymore, okay?
Oh, you know, he gets on a scale.
He's then it's a doctor's scale.
Remember when I bought that?
Right.
We first came to QA.
I bought that doctor's scale.
And if the great expense to me for like about 300 bucks.
And you can't lean.
You can't tilt on it.
You can't lean on it.
It doesn't lie.
It's got the weights on it.
Remember the weight?
Yeah.
I remember dog weight.
He ain't no Chris Wells.
And now, our kids started with a hockey stuff again.
Look what Chris Wells did to the show year zero.
How about that Stu Barnes and Dallas?
Oh, sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a 18.
Oh, and here's an article that's kind of interesting
by Neil McKay.
And the Sunday Herald.
Not the US and not the Miami hero.
So...
A secret blueprint for US global domination
reveals that President Bush and his cabinet
were planning a premeditated attack
on Iraq to secure regime change,
even before he took power in January 2001.
So all of this horse crap about weapons
and mass destruction,
and about all of the other excuses
of which there were so many.
It changed from day to day, from week to week.
In fact, what's wrong with that?
Week.
Oh, we already got that on it.
W-E-A-K.
Yes.
The blueprint uncovered by the Sunday Herald
for the creation of a global Pax Americana
was drawn up for Dick Cheney now vice president,
Donald Rumsfeld, defense secretary.
Paul Wolfowitz, Rumsfeld Zdepiti,
George W. Bush's younger brother, Jeb,
and Lewis Limby, Chinese chief of staff.
The document entitled Rebuilding America's Defenses,
Strategies, Forces, and Resources
for a new century was written in September 2000
by the Neil Conservative Think Tank,
Project for the New American Century,
P-N-A-K, and there it is again.
Oh, it keeps hearing it's ugly head, you know what?
The plan shows Bush's cabinet intended
to take military control of the Gulf region,
whether or not Saddam Hussein was in power, it says.
The United States has for decades
sought to play a more permanent role in the Gulf regional security.
Of course, you know what they got in the Gulf?
Oil?
While on the unresolved conflict of the rack
provides the immediate justification
to need for a substantial American force president in the Gulf,
transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein.
The P-N-A-K document supports a blueprint
for maintaining global U.S. preeminence,
precluding the rise of a great power rival
and shaping the international security order
in line with American principles and interests.
The American grand strategy must be advanced
for as far as into the future as possible reports is.
It also calls for the U.S. to fight
and decisively win multiple simultaneous major
theater wars as a core mission.
I'm going to continue this after the break.
I'm going to read a whole lot of these,
because they're all on our website.
It's too important just to stop right there, you know?
Important to read this interruptus?
Not good.
Nice job there on the website.
By the way, Carlos, he's got that Tim Robbins speech.
Already on there?
And that P-N-A-K article is up there too.
Nice go on. There's two P-N-A articles in here today.
Two P-N-A-Ks for the price of one.
Buy me some P-N-A-Ks and crack the reject.
Remember that?
Very curious to see that.
Boy, we sure miss Harry Carey, don't we?
Oh god.
That's when baseball really went into crap or once he died.
Stand him up straight. Come on.
For a minute, oh, that was the other way around.
Move the stand him up straight.
Remember that? Godfather.
You can act like a man.
Fuck him out.
You have $2,000 more on a credit card.
If so, listen very carefully.
I think your brand is going so.
Dedicated consumer.
Let me try it again.
Do you have $2,000 more on a credit card?
If so, listen.
Dedicated consumer counseling will help you.
It'll cost you nothing.
Dedicated is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you owe money to.
And they can cut your payments in half.
Call 1-800-4-0-DET.
That's 1-800-the-number-4-n-letters-n-o-d-e-b-t.
Dedicated will help your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit.
And it cost you nothing.
The bank pays dedicated.
You pay Zippo.
So if you're tired of battling all that credit card debt, call dedicated right now.
1-800-the-number-4-n-letters-n-o-d-et.
That's the e-b-t.
Call and find out how dedicated you can help your other.
If you've just had it with credit card debt, high interest rates,
and late fees give dedicated consumer counseling a try, let them handle it all for you.
Call dedicated now 1-800-4-n-o-d-et.
And please keep in mind this will cost you zero.
Call 1-800-the-number-4-n-o-d-et for dedicated consumer counseling.
My life and local, this is 4-3-0-5-6-0.
You ain't way too way, yeah.
Oh, man.
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Double your wants to topple and save.
Even though no one will back us.
Hard to tell which one is more insane when it was the starties who attacked us.
Double you have to finish that pipeline that is losing his patience.
Order the troops to go give up their lives for the world's biggest castation.
The sidelines at all costs, why try it?
The lives that will be lost can't buy it.
There's more important things to do.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Double you have to reach by and fight color-pride.
Tick set for your buddies and end-law.
Fight line advice from Kanda Lisa Rice.
Because she works for a cheer-prong.
Now we're in red you and that's a chainy.
Think 4-4 of pipeline is a good start.
You have feeders from all around the world agree.
You're a functioning retard.
The pipeline at all costs, why try it?
The lives that will be lost can't buy it.
There's more important things to do.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Double you have to reach by and fight color-pride.
Tick set for your buddies and end-law.
Double you just as insane as you say.
Put somebody in.
Teach it.
All right.
Oh my god.
1019 to 560 WtQA M.
Anyway goes on to say this article from the Sunday Hero about the PENAC document.
The report describes American armed forces abroad as the cablery on the new American frontier.
The PENAC Blueprint supports an earlier document written by Wolfe-Witson Libby
that said the U.S. must discourage advanced industrial nations from challenging our leadership
or even aspiring to a larger regional or global rural.
The PNAC report also refers to key allies such as the U.K. as the most effective and
efficient means of exercising American global leadership.
Describes peacekeeping missions as demanding American political leadership rather than
that of the United Nations.
Reveals worries in the administration that Europe could rival the USA, says even should
saw them pass from the scene, bases in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait will remain permanently
despite the domestic opposition.
This fact has got a good point.
This fact has got a good point too.
It says, Neil, I know I'm sure here we're a fight full stance on the war.
Okay, say, for any way I was letting the other enemy start, this to talk to A-MAC about
Michael Moore.
Now if he had some part legitimate to say about him like maybe some dirt or some sort
of dissarction to his or set a wreck, but all he could come up with were insults to his
weight.
You notice how people would be arguing up resort to attacking their opponents?
Yeah, we noticed that on the show.
That was all Phil could say what was that he was so bad.
Are you sure?
That also said that he heard Michael Moore's blip was go through it and for him.
Phil has turned into a real asshole.
So we're proud.
Can I take a please?
That's the video we're all supposed to go to step in.
There's a very, very teeny tiny number of us from post to coast from pill and coast.
Just a little tell out.
I've no respect for people so long.
I just can't deal with it.
He wasn't starving.
Listen, he could just continue doing his stinking out to his phony voices.
He was not all of a sudden turned into a tell-in-pun junior, but hey, that's what's
here channel one.
That's baby.
That's what's at.
We all have to be cruise setters for the one.
How's the pool coming?
The W and George W and Boysu hands four.
One to 50.
It's wonderful.
Wonderful.
Four plus 44.
War from on to 38.
From what?
Me for 826.
War is in his 17.
Wasted 12.
White bread 11.
Wretched 11.
War 9.
Wreckless 8.
I thought that should be doing a little bit better.
About Wink is out 7.
Seven Wink.
Wicked the sixth.
Weasel is four.
Wicked one.
Wicked one.
And Witter is still got two.
Wait, you can say Witter regarded the collection because he did lose the election.
You as Ron Ketch is whoops stands at an screening.
I'm sure like I'm doing some of those shorts from last year.
I would have been some stories but you know what, two benefit.
We just got a lot of good stuff today.
A lot of people out there won't have time or time to be closed.
We have the website and a lot of people out there.
There are many people about you think I'm a computer at all.
But third man.
Right.
I feel compelled.
The WQM.
White.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm ready to meet you.
Speaking.
Oh, hi Neil.
I'm excited to come.
Sorry, I didn't know that.
I didn't want to know what kind of surgery is to be wrecked.
The information is the other stuff.
No.
When the mechanics is a little ham.
I mean, when they miss him too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's really good.
I like it.
You might have thought that you should come and come up and try to run.
Try to defend the day county.
Sorry.
It's my day.
I'm sure I'm okay.
Thank you.
My name is Greg Orn.
I'm a very well-mannered person.
Q.
Is it good for your work?
Yeah.
Q.
Can I have three things?
Warm.
Worm.
Worm.
And whore.
And what was the third one?
Hore for the oil company.
I liked that.
That's excellent.
Yeah.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Everybody likes the whore.
I hope.
Yeah, get that on her whore, okay? Oh, you can't call her president of whore white hell not
She's a lot nicer than most of the stuff that bubble was called right. Yeah, but that was different
He was a commie pink oliberal southern red neckie horny toad whatever
Really something to watch the double standards these people have they just ripped him and asked from pillar to post all they could just non-stop
But not the shoes on the other foot and we got this dumber when it is dangerous
See his middle initial ought to be D now W because D is like dumb and dangerous like I've been telling you for like a long long time
Dumb but dangerous dumb not just smart dumb like Frado, but like dumb dangerous and there is a difference
Speaking of Frado by the way, that's one of those that's a drop in that I never play for example
I can handle things I'm smart
I'm like everybody said like dumb
Can you see can you see W sitting around there's pop a bush on a one side?
There's there is Martha Washington aka Barbara Bush on the other side. There's Jeb sitting across the room
There's Neil Bush and his nasty divorce wife on the other side and there is W saying
Where you free now you put my life
You put my heart you
US Broadcast or I got to do the break while I'm getting carried away here. Don't let me forget don't forget
This is from the British newspaper the Guardian
US TV network wishlist US Broadcast is war stance under scrutiny and it's about time
Maybe it's lies over about time. I think just none of that we ought to hear a little from the BBC right now
Just a carry right around more especially on the west side of Canada initially
Then as we push into the BBC is that when and where you're exposing you want to do it today
Hey, I'll tell you about a great place you can get away from all the agree for the world and enjoy yourself
Just immerse yourself in a fantastic feast and that's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
There are a lot of other Chinese buffets popping up on every street corner
Don't be fooled by them. Don't waste your time and money because Emerald Coast makes sure that everything is fresh and crunchy and delicious
They've got an unbeatable variety six different kinds of soups dozens of succulent entrees
They've got oriental surf and turf on the weekends and every day they have near strip made order in their gourmet center
A sizzling Asian grill featuring all kinds of great things like teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken seafood hand-carved prime rib
And the Emerald Coast will never leave you with a headache because they don't use any crap no MSG no cornstarch
And they cook all of their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils the buffet the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar
A big one a new sushi bar and fresh room cocktail too and more good news
Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque as well
Bring yourself a big hearty appetite and just shovel some dessert in your post-took because they got a great dessert bar featuring pies and cakes
Pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings fresh fruit be sure and check out the no oriental chicken salad
The Emerald Coast too like I said three locations in South Florida
They're in some rise on pineapple at a 44th Street
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and at the intersections of Mingle and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines
They've sent reservations take out delivery available as well
So if you really want to pick out during the holidays or anytime you head for the Emerald Coast call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 2
For more information 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 2 2 for the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
Holy Mackinac this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Don't like all the hard burn you
Don't
President
Oh, what I get to know both are small And get to we all voted for one
Here you want this Don't love the lips drumming stupidly
Oh, my mind is drunk and rich kid
Don't love these even, number them me
He's President of the ****
Yeah, don't care what it's all
You got him in by hooker and rock
From the Christian road
And knows what's best for you and I, but hands on fear
We've got his rate later, yeah
With President Thump
1033 at 560 WQM
Anyway, didn't we have all here it is
War puts Murdock on top and Bush's USA
This isn't even better store than the one I had here
It said this is a very, this is by Andrew Gumball in the New Zealand hero
It's a very good time to be alive if you're Rupert Murdock
He's just realized his long held ambition to break into the West satellite television market
Buying the market leader direct TV after three years of torturous negotiations with its owner general Motors
His cable news channel Fox News has come out of the Iraq war stronger than ever
Having overtaken CNN with its hot-blooded rabble-rousing style
And deferential approach to the Bush administration's every move
It came out as the top rated cable station news or non-news
And 36 of the top 40 timeslots from March 31 to April 6th
Perhaps more significantly and maybe transforming the way Americans get their news in times of crisis
Murdock's long running campaign to deregulate the media landscape
Consumed come to fruition in the US thanks to the FCC and its chairman Michael Powell
As early as June Powell, son of the US Secretary of State Colin Powell
Intends to loosen or possibly dismantle entirely two of the cornerstones of US media regulation
A ban on cross ownership between newspapers and television in the same market
And a ban on anyone entering the controlling access to more than 35% of the national television audience
What did I just tell you before?
That's where it's going
Powell is keeping his exact intention secret which is of setting powerful senators
And prompting calls for a proper public debate before any decisions are made
And it may be that Murdock having relieved newscorp's coffers of $6.6 billion for direct TV
Is not in the best financial position today can meet the advantage of more relaxed ownership rules
But the US has become an extremely congenial place for Murdock
His agenda seems to fit hand in glove without any administration
And he seems to be on a roll that others struggle our struggling to replicate
Anyway, the other work column here by Annie Lawson and the Guardian
Rupert Murdock's Fox Network is among the US media giants accused of tailoring its work coverage to create favor with Michael Powell
The George Bush appointed chairman of America's media regulator who is facing mounting pressure to scrap media ownership rules
Fossed together with network heavyweight CBS and NBC is pressing the US FCC to dump rules that provide a TV broadcaster for owning another network or radio TV station
And newspaper in the same market
Under the existing one we already did that
The Center for Digital Democracy and Non-Prophet Agency in the US that promotes diversity and digital media
Believes news organizations in the US have a serious conflict of interest when it comes to reporting the policies of the Bush administration
Mr. Murdock has been criticized for imposing his pro-war stance on all news corporation-owned media outlets
Like the New York Post, by the way
His own bridal support for President Bush has also raised eyebrows about his timing of his purchase of direct TV
It is likely that decisions about how to cover the war on Iraq especially on television may be tempered by concern not to alienate the White House
But as Jeffrey Chester the Center's executive director
These media giants stand to make untold billions of the FCC safeguards are eliminated or weakened
You following this?
Yes
You wondering whether they were all do stepping in line?
Mr. Chester accused the US media of adopting a narrow-minded commercial mindset reflected by their failure to effectively analyze and criticize the Iraq war policy
I had an impending ruling by the FCC on the media ownership regime
And how it goes
Just pass that along for your information
Put on the money, yeah just like that
And Congress they're all sitting back there you know what they're finger up each other's
WAPO but whoop-ass I do like that one a lot I'm putting that on her all I'm like the way they spell it
I'm spellin w-u-p-a-s-whoop-ass
That good one?
Got it
Towards whoop-ass Bush baby let's whoop some ass
And there's some other ones down here can we
Waco do we have Waco?
Do it do it do it do it do it now
No I said it earlier. I think well I had Senator to
I beg your pardon?
You guys did have it I wrote on the list and I said it to Eric maybe you could be here on Waco
All right put it on Eric Waco don't be listen to these guys just put it on here ok follow orders like a good obedient soldier Waco
Wiener didn't we put Wiener on air?
Not yet
or like Wiener
That's what I heard
Wofull, Wofull is good, these are all good on this list, this is a pretty good list to ever sent this in.
Wofull and then wicked we got. So what do we got now? Well, I'll take a look at it.
5, 6, 7, 8, well we got a heavy plate today, baby.
A heavy plate. God, lots and lots of stuff.
And I realize I'm changing the world here, right? Now I'm doing the best I can.
And little tiny Miami with all those mosquitoes, the size of bowling balls.
Although at least we don't got no, do they have it? What?
The, whatever that diseases I was talking about before, not SARS, what's the other thing?
What's now virus? What's now virus? They're not much of that, they're right.
I haven't heard.
You did cats, but hey, it'll probably tighten our relations with the Chinese WQAM.
Yeah, I'll let. Yes, sir.
Yes, I just got back in a couple. Colin Powell's son is the head of the FCC.
Yeah, Michael Powell, right, chairman of the FCC.
And what was it, Joe, before a dad got his job?
How about your pardon? What was his job before his father got that job?
McDonald's.
Drive through, drive through.
Good luck, you pal. Yeah. This guy's a little bit slow to catch up.
But he finds it very amusing. Yeah, Michael Powell is the son of Secretary of State Colin Powell.
He is the chairman of the FCC.
He is one of a handful of powerful people in this company, the side where we can say crap or not on a year.
And let me say it again, I better whisper it because you can't say it no more.
Don't say that. Stop it.
It's wrong with you people.
There you go. We said crap three times, Michael.
Michael, Michael motorcycle.
So that's why I pretty much you got America speaking with one voice.
That's why you got some pacified people. I don't want to mention no name.
Are you sure? Yeah.
Who are like goose stepping in the line feverishly hysterically betting over backward doing like summer salts turning into a human pretzel?
They're gyrating so hard to try to like goose stepping in the line.
And especially if they have anything to do with cheap channel community.
You know something as much as Beasley, we all know about Beasley and about Greg and about this screwed up company, which it is.
In the fact, they don't like to pay anybody on time, but but can't say too many good things about them, but you know what the best thing about them is?
What they're not clear channel. Well.
So I want to kiss the counter here and I don't want to say anything good about Norma Kim because they have to call me and don't call me up here.
Norma, you really bug me man. You drive me nuts. You're depressing. You're a permanent downer.
I just get out of here. If I want to hear pop up, I can have room or call.
At least you know it's hockey.
But at least I kissed the ground that I decided to sign this deal as opposed to that the Paxon thing which would have been sold over the cheap channel.
Oh, back in the arms of Pete Bordjure again in that crowd of far-bison allunatics over there. David Ross.
I wonder if he's canily Anna Ross. That's a good point. Rosanna Dana, you know.
I'm surprised me. I'm sure he ain't related to Walter Ross or Red Ross.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQM. If you're if you're tired of flipping the hamburger's in McDonald's, if you're in a really dead end job and you're sick and tired of working for peanuts.
If you have nothing but the shells left at the end of the week, here's the answer for you.
Get you a new high-paying computer job. Get trained for it by calling our good friends at Fast Train.
This isn't BS. This is the real thing. Call 1-866 Fast Train. Fast Train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes and in just four short months.
They can have you trained and ready to go on a computer career where you can make a big fat paycheck each and every payday.
By the way, payday the 25th clearance. Check Fast Train out on the web at fastrain.com.
But better yet give them a call because Fast Train's all over town is about to be one year by you.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pember Pines for Lauderdale. Register at Fast Train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker and wave that baby proudly in the breeze until they see you doing it.
Pick up that phone and call Fast Train. Say goodbye to your boss and you're crappy dead end job and start having a real life and a real fight income.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
By the local, this is 5 cities. The radio is on your side.
You will.
You will.
Deal got out WQL.
Where the packet is.
Here.
Oh my god.
Every cat can take the news this morning.
We have a yellow light.
They have jumped into high time.
Not nowadays.
But if you they hit by which we need.
And we have the fun of you.
Like a yellow light.
The fun for me.
You're right.
We have a yellow light.
Can't explain.
And the plan of what these lights do.
What these lights do.
It's intense and with the set of low pens.
And do those dark things.
What are you doing?
They have jumped into high time.
One and a half million.
Have a yellow light.
Something they can't divide.
We have a yellow light.
A big light.
Every cat can take the news.
We have a yellow light.
Something they can't divide.
We have a yellow light.
A big light.
Every cat can take the news.
You do understand that the reason we have this whole morning light system in the first place is because it's a perpetual way to keep us involved in and psychologically glued to the concept of war.
Where the perpetual war.
I thought it was just stuff in nonsense.
No.
It's part of the sion of steel here.
It's psychological.
That's all of the American public.
I like that word.
Sion.
Sion in cyclops.
Said we could one-eyed monster man.
We could get you every time.
It's a court score.
But at any rate that's what it's all about.
Because we have to be concerned about that.
So in the back of our mind, some people in a front of their mind.
Maybe in the middle of what used to be their mind like me.
We're always conscious of this.
Well, we're in a perpetual state of war.
Just like James Wolsey says.
We're in WW4 and it's going to go on for the foreseeable future.
So all of us are dead.
So therefore, whatever they do, this prepares us for whatever the hell they're going to do.
It excuses us so we look the other way.
And naturally, of course, manipulate those poll results.
And manipulate, oh, I want to tell you something.
That might want to rip a real ass.
I want to tell you right now, you know, Lou Dobbs on CNN who used to be on CNBC.
You know, Lou Dobbs.
He's an asshole.
I want to tell you right now, I was so pissed off last night.
I emailed them, which is only the second time my life ever done it.
Emailing CNN.
And they're not going to make any difference because they're not going to respond.
They never do.
But I just had to get off my chest.
He had Bill Schneider on there.
The guy that the pollster from CNN, who's a good guy.
You know, he gives it to hear the numbers.
You know, about Papa Bush's support after WW1 was 98, 96%.
And this one is 73%.
And it's not as high.
And he shows the breakdown upon Republicans and Democrats.
And our Democrats, Papa Bush had like 80%.
And this Bush has only got 60%.
And Bill Schneider was on to talk about the fact that this bush is much more divisive
and much more right-wing politically and yadi, yadi, yadi.
And since day one, since he got on the very first day, has been that way.
And as a result, the most Democrats have got a tremendous distaste for him.
Lou Dobbs, meanwhile, continues trying to reinterpret the results
and trying to get Bill Schneider to say something different.
And he's saying, well, but you do realize that 60% of Democrats, especially at the time when,
I mean, Bill Clinton was elected by only 43%.
And we had Ross Perot back then, and 60% is still a very impressive number.
And Bill Schneider says, yes, but the number isn't going to last very long.
He said, it will be my prediction because of the fact that now that we're back to the nuts and bolts
and economy and all these other issues, the domestic issues, that's going to come to the forefront just like with Papa Bush.
And Lou Dobbs just relentless, well, but, you know,
I'm one of those people looks at the glasses half full rather than half empty.
And I'm thinking to myself, don't you understand what you're saying?
Yeah, he does.
Don't you understand what you're saying?
You're saying that if his approval ratings are higher somehow, that you like that better,
and it's good for America.
I mean, how blatant can you be?
Why don't you just put a guy down, Bush bumper us sticker on your forehead, Lou, you idiot?
Got all mighty.
He's an asshole.
Lou Dobbs, who of course is part of that whole charade again of the, you know,
the gambling network business.
A dollar or a holler, you know, buy some stock, rhymes with schlock.
Oh, brother.
I just, I was fooling at them off.
I was just so rabid.
He's done that before, but this was way over the top.
And I'll give Bill Schneider credit to his credit.
He just kept repeating the same thing.
He said, well, you know, he said you can call whatever you want,
but he says, I believe very strongly that these numbers will come down significantly
with the passage of time.
And Lou did not want to hear that.
His eyes started rolling around like a pinball machine.
Somebody wants to help.
We had the article about the P-NAC on our website.
Yes, we do.
Thank you for your thanks.
And also we have another article on the project, which is even better, but it's much too long.
Way too long for me to read on here, but I will read a couple of paragraphs.
Let's give you a taste from information clearinghouse.
The project for the New American Century says information clearinghouse, by the way,
the logo is news you won't find on CNN.
And they are.
Absolutely correct.
Especially when it asks for Lou Dobbs, and who's almost as bad as Wolf Blitzkrieg.
I said, and I packed in my email to CNN, I said, only Wolf Blitzkrieg.
And I spelled it.
That way, only Wolf Blitzkrieg exceeds Lou Dobbs, and his enthusiasm to suck up to the Bushmongers,
the Bush, whatever I call it.
The project for the New American Century, this is an article by William Rivers Pitt,
that was written February 25th of this year.
You know who William is River Pitt is?
No.
But New York Times' best-selling author of two books were on Iraq, and the greatest
sedition is silence.
Okay.
He's a high school teacher in Boston, Mass.
He says, the people versus the powerful is the oldest story in human history.
At no point in history of the powerful wielded so much control, at no point in history
is the active and informed involvement of the people all of them,
did more absolutely required.
And he is.
Absolutely correct, sir.
The project for the New American Century, or Pinnac, is a Washington-based think tank
created in 1997.
Above all else, Pinnac desires and demands one thing.
The establishment of a global American empire to bend the will of all nations.
They chafe at the idea that the United States, the last remaining superpower,
does not do more by way of economic and military force to bring the rest of the world
under the umbrella of a new socio-economic tax Americana.
Remember what I called it before?
We're going to export democracy to them whether they wanted or not, right?
The fundamental essence of Pinnac's ideology can be found in a white paper produced
in September of 2000, entitled Rebuilding America's Defences, Strategy,
Forces, and Resources for New Century, which is what it talks about in that other article.
In it, Pinnac outlines what is required of America to create the global empire they envision.
According to Pinnac, America must reposition permanently-based forces
to southern Europe, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East.
Modernize U.S. forces, including enhancing our fighter aircraft, submarine, and surface fleet capabilities,
developing to play a global missile defense system and develop a strategic dominance of space,
Star Wars, there's those trillions of dollars again,
controlling international commons of cyber space,
and increased defense spending to a minimum of 3.8% of growth domestic product
up from the 3% currently spent.
And this goes on for pages, on it length.
You can read it on the website, The Project for New American Century by William Rivers Pitt,
a relation to Mickey Rivers or Brad Pitt.
Here's another good one for our poll, Rathall with the W. Rathall,
as in Rath Hambo with the W.
That's our poll today on Neorodgers.com.
We don't take too many polls on the show, but...
That guy, how come we don't hear from him anymore?
Well, I haven't taken a lot of calls today.
Then you know what, too bad.
The W in George W. Bush stands for Wonderful 62.
Ah, it's a Mahaya man, it's like smelling your own gas in the shower.
Hmm.
You know, you never really want to come out.
You just want to stand there, you're a quirky robot, it's my last time.
Wonderful 62, worthless 53, warmonger 43.
What, me worry?
41 again, we apologize to Alfredi and the people at Mad Magazine.
They deserve better.
Worst 20, reckless 14, wasted 13, weasel 13,
Wank, 12 Wanks, white bread 12, warped 11.
We don't have warped under twice, do we?
No.
I confused my wasted with warped.
Wireless 11, wretched 10, Wack, Wack, Wack, 06, winner, 5.
What is the other pint of winner, 5?
Winner, winner, winner, winner.
I wonder which justice, wouldn't that the 5 Justice on the Supreme Court that...
Yeah.
...decided to be election, that must be the 5 that voted winner.
Horror, for, for, horror.
Now what Lincoln said?
Right there, Kettysburg.
Uh, wicked four, or this just changed again, whoopass, already got three, I like whoopass.
Worm one, weiner one, and woeful none yet, but I guarantee your woeful will move in there.
Give me some stiff competition.
Let's see what we got on the agenda today, we got the mad dog at one, but a short show for the mad dog today.
All right.
Kill 230 because we got the Marlins game, maybe the Marlins...
Did they play anybody who said the fillies in the Braves ever?
No.
I don't think so, that's about it.
Marlins on Drekid 230 followed by the Marlins at the fillies 305, I guess the final game in that series, it's about time.
Herkhoon hotline at 630, the big...
Oh!
Orlando Walser, we don't have a jingle for him, remember the CKLW, the big 8?
We got everyone who goes the big...
No, not that.
Oh, yeah.
It was just a Freudian slip, Orlando.
Orlando Walser, Gary at 730, after Herkhoon hotline, any K-10 to 2 with a gambling talk, GA, and Jo and Mark overnight.
And then, of course, in the morning, it's our close personal Pizons, baby.
The squeaky one guilty, and his good, close personal buddy, his mentor.
Take off those checkered pants.
It's a molmeister.
I heard some of those calls on the Mosho this morning, he's right, he don't get any crank calls.
In fact, we urge you to call on Mohawar David, okay?
Because when I'm there, I never see any calls on his board.
So, what are their good calls or crank calls or whatever they are?
We urge you to call and communicate so he'll feel loved and wanted.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, is it?
What do you call him?
Neil Rogers.
This is me, this is Old Neil.
Oh, sorry.
Pick it up, don't be sorry, I'm just doing screen-less lady, because we feel like it, it's more sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry, I couldn't forgive over the cell phone.
The F-P-C controls TV, too, don't they?
Of course.
Not cable, not cable, only over the year TV.
Well, how come they're letting them get away with a bullsh mitt on TV, but not on the radio?
On where?
Channel 10 NYPD Blue.
They're doing that NYPD Blue? Yes.
Yes, sir.
We're going to check on it right away, that is a punishment.
It is, it's been doing it just the whole season.
I mean, they started with an off-air character that said it, that's what I heard it.
But I said I had to be wrong, but then...
And that's a network show.
Yes.
That's not the other show.
That's not a cable. I mean, that's X has been doing it with the she-old and now with Lucky, but that's Channel 10, you're right.
Well, at the very least, I'm going to start saying she-ite anyway, okay?
She-ite.
Okay, I just filed you know.
Thanks for the good news.
See, there you go, double standard NYPD Blue on CBS.
I see it tear from the CBS guy, because this guy just outed them the same bullsh mitt on here.
See, in the news shows, although they don't do that very much in the U.S., they even bleep that out.
Here on the CBC?
See, them, is they could have left the schedule and they couldn't have left...
And on the BBC, forget about it. I mean, it's in here all the time. They just leave all the words in.
Oh, look only for just a few minutes.
Like I said, they don't say it for too long, because then somebody might hear it.
And it must double standard all over the place.
You know, this... I've said it for years. Nobody would ever want to agree with me. They think I'm too radical.
The idea of the FCC as the word police, it was never invented for that.
The FCC was created by the federal government to regulate the technical aspect of broadcast stations.
So everyone would have a chance.
So everybody would have an opportunity for their signal to be heard. If they're licensed to like where it is,
nobody would jam their signal. Nobody would like put too much power on here.
If you got a license for a 5,000-watt station, you wouldn't crank up 50,000 watts. All would be nice.
But, you know, that's what it was for.
And nothing to do with content.
Right. The FCC has got no business. But in the 50s and in the 60s, as well as like Jesse Humsen's about the right wing lunatics,
they decided to like sick the FCC on broadcasters so that we can have...
And then of course it all blew up in 72 or 3 with a George Carlin WBA I think.
Yeah. With the 730 words.
And then the FCC decided they were going to be the word police.
And don't you dare, whatever you do, don't you dare say any words that we decide arbitrarily.
Our bad words like mother and all those other ones too, like you and those.
That's another reason to watch passions today and watch the Boothborns, man.
Worth a price of emission.
1057 at 560 WQM where we swear a lot, but hardly on the internet.
We're supporting you 5CC.
UAM.
Who might mention my name to Rice Master Gary?
George, what was that?
I like that a lot.
What? I would have been.
And also another list that we had a long list. There were a couple of good ones on there.
World Leader and Wrong Doer. Since we can't make it evil to listen,
so I don't start with a W.
That's perfect.
World Leader and Wrong Doer.
And Whitey.
And what?
What?
Can you get a what?
No.
I doubt it.
567 at 0560, pound 560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget to go to our website, nearRodges.com.
There's about what? How many bedtime stories on there today?
3rd, man.
WQIM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil, how about the W Standing for Wermacht?
Oh, I like that a lot.
Yeah, because he's a Nazi rat bastard.
Right.
Okay, that's it.
Okay, see you, Kyle.
WERMacht.
I like it a lot.
You feel like it.
What do you want to or not?
We have this.
You got it?
Wermacht?
Wermacht.
Just in time for paysocks, baby.
Wermacht.
George Wermacht Bush.
The goose steppers.
You can hear them boots marching up and down, all over town.
And Ilyana Rossa, Rosanna Dan, a sheep soup as he would important stuff.
Detect and report cases.
And here in Beijing have found some deficiencies that mean that some cases are...
Don't you think we ought to inflate the least Hong Kong?
Like, you know, of course we'd have to roll our troops and have to wear those heavy boots.
Okay, so we're going to do the protective outfit.
The invasions.
Crews, missiles, thank you.
Yeah, give it to the SARS outfit over there in Hong Kong.
Lunatics.
WDQIN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing excellent.
Good.
Good to hear that.
Listen, I've got the W.
I don't know if anybody's called this before.
A weapons of mass destruction.
Oh, I like it.
Yeah.
Also, I wanted to comment on the color-coded alert system.
Yes, sir.
It reminds me a little bit of something I learned in all my cases over at a FIU about Pavlov
and the condition response.
Absolutely.
Every time you put the orange or red, you've got to put in your lip and shut up because...
And like you say, do step in line.
But next year, hopefully we'll get...
I don't know who the hell we're going to get up in there, but somebody else said no more than four.
I've got to say no.
How do you think?
Thanks.
No more than four.
And we can even get most naming on that bumper sticker.
No more than four.
Or maybe no more in 04.
Okay.
Huh?
Because that would kill two birds who are on stone, so to speak.
No more fofo.
Weapons of mass destruction.
George, weapons of mass destruction bush.
It's a little bit long, but we'll have to find a way to do that, Eric, because...
How can you...
How can you not have that?
Right.
Huh?
That is perfect.
I'm as pleased as punch about that one.
George, weapons of mass destruction bush.
Have we found any yet?
No.
Well, that's because they moved them all over to the cereal.
Let's go get them.
Fastards.
Well, they did have some diseases and test tubes and what.
And then by the time we get to the cereal, they'll move them all to Egypt.
Look out, man.
Yeah.
Hot potato.
Right.
And then by the time we get to Egypt, they'll move them all to Saudi Arabia.
Now we get a little bit warmer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
WDQAM.
How you doing?
OK.
You know, I don't know why you say that mode doesn't have any calls.
Shelly calls to make them paw calls.
Yeah.
Why a little Havana calls.
Stuttering Steve.
Stuttering Steve.
Right.
You got to be ashamed of yourself.
He's got plenty of calls.
And I got to get all month of gun diaries to the last book.
And Lou.
You know, I know that's two months ago.
Last time you like, fell out of bed last month.
You know, this morning it's amazing.
Some guy called him up at 10 after 7 and just starts wailing into him about how he's always criticizing David Tash.
I heard it.
That was amazing.
That was amazing.
And at the very end he closes it off with the classic.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
It was amazing.
Seriously, always act like you were offended.
And just be a hard-ass man.
Moe and Hard-ass Howard.
We got him.
Like Keck Walt's.
Exactly.
That's right.
You know, at least Art's Joe Saul didn't just let the man.
Right.
I don't think Moe was going to be that one.
I make sure that.
Got all mighty.
5, 6, 7, repeatingelson, in on the 802.
And Verizon nombre.
I don't care how many dig up any Se for gold.
Come on, come on, I don't know what I'm wearing.
What I'm wearing is I'm going to make you a drink and your service was good.
They're seeing good point. Good segue there.
WQ I am Q a M.
Yes, me. Oh, please speaking, sir.
Meal. Uh, how about wezo?
Uh, didn't we already have wezo? We had.
I did. We got wezo. We got a wezo and it's hanging out on most
headlight. That's he votes.
No, it's got 17 votes. It's doing well. Thank you, sir.
Good. Thank you. Great to. Yeah, wezo is doing well.
It's resting right on top of Moza dome on the chrome dome.
Wonderful. 66 worthless. 61.
A warmonger. 48.
What may worry 46, but you know what I said in belch and real good lately.
It's excellent.
Worst 22 must be that good Canadian air.
Maybe it's that's sorry.
Worst 22, witness 18, wezo 17, which he just said.
Uh, reckless 16 and I realized, you know, no correctness on a spelling.
We put a W. We put a W in front of it. W wasted and rank 14, 14
wanks.
But that will be no warped 12 white bread 12 wretched 10.
Waco 8 wicked seven horror seven.
Now you can't call the president of horror. Can we?
Yeah. Okay. Like I said, horror seven.
Winner six, whoop ass five, wolfful and weiner two, worm one and
raffle and whitey and what what and what world leader and wrong do and weapons
about just one honor 102 votes.
Not too shabby. This is a little hobby today is keep you off the streets,
especially during paysock.
So what are you guys eating for paysock today? Anything special?
I'm not ready.
Jeff bring any of that Moza pizza.
I sure wish.
How about that?
Moza Kista.
That's you.
Seriously, how come you and bring any of that stuff?
So you can talk about it.
What's wrong with that man?
What's wrong with you ponytail?
Hey, Carlos. How about calling Jeff?
Hey, call him up and get you some of that Moza pizza and Moza lasagna for paysock.
He only makes it one time a year.
It's good stuff. You know that.
That's good. I do.
And I'll sit here and listen to you guys eat.
Because I got a win.
I'm we're again one more warning for the beast.
If you don't even waste your time coming into Marf, you're going to be if you're not doing
anything.
If you're not like doing it, just get lost.
My patience for him.
I saw him just before I left.
There's a matter of fact several days ago.
You know what you look like?
I give up a tub.
The war according to Fox.
Here's another in a series.
This is from Tompaine.com.
Sharon Basco produced this piece and Michael Ryan, a former correspondent editor for Time
and Publications.
Was covered conflicts in Northern Ireland, Grenada, Grenada, Panama,
South of the Southeast Asia as well as the first Gulf War.
Gallatin' gateway Montana.
Do you know where that is?
No.
Neither do I, but it's in Montana.
I think now maybe it's near Shelby.
Wrong side.
I learned a lot about journalism while I was traveling in Montana this month.
In the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, one morning, I went and op-ed piece by colonist
Tamara Hall, who gushed over a Navy Sea Lexusized to secure an Iraqi port.
I watched the remarkable maneuver unfolding on Fox News, she wrote,
I was overwhelmed by the heroism of American soldiers and the efficiency of the American military.
Fair enough.
Then she complained that NBC did not cover this particular story.
Instead, the reporter complained that President Bush wasn't watching the war on television,
she wrote, his arrogance motivated me to push the remote button.
CBS didn't cover the story hall when on, instead, then rather blathered,
the overwhelming majority of American people have now swung around behind the American soldiers.
Rather was well aware that support for military action had remained above 70% for months before
the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom, his dishonesty motivated me to push the remote button.
ABC and CNN feared equally poorly in her judgment.
The mainstream press sees every opportunity to portray military victories in a negative way,
she wrote, they speculate and manipulate and evacuate.
This was only the most coherent and outspoken expression of a sentiment I heard and read through my
travels.
The pervasiveness of Fox News and he's got news in quotes as a definer of popular opinion
has never been more apparent than during this war.
According to a TV guide pool, Fox News Shepherd Smith tidily beats other cable anchors,
including CNN's Aaron Brown in popularity.
Young, ribbon good-looking, Smith seems to have become the voice of the Bush
war for most of America and Fox News view of the world has been adopted by much of the nation.
It comes as no surprise that there were conservatives in the big sky country of Montana,
although the copper miners unionized here more than a century ago and people still remember Joe Hill.
But the fact that in some places I stayed while driving through the state,
I couldn't find CNN and in a few places couldn't even find all the broadcast networks was a surprise.
Yet Fox News was always there.
Oh!
In the opening day of this war, according to the LA Times, an average of 4.4 million Americans
got their news from Fox 3.7 million getting information from CNN, just 1.9 million from MSNBC.
In his book Harvard and the Unibomber, the Montana author and former philosophy professor
Austin Chase documents how a series of myths and misrepresentations about the trouble life
of Ted Kaczynski worked their way from one reported to another until after numerous news broadcast
and newspaper stories, fiction started to be accepted as fact.
National networks quoted national papers quoting national magazines until the legend became
more interesting than the news.
In this war, Fox News has created the legend,
will be tied networks that try to report the news.
Along the Idaho border, I fell into a conversation with two men who were expressing the kind of
attitude the polls tell us most Americans feel. They were intelligent, successful local
businessmen mature people who didn't seem like warmongers, but when the subject of the war came
up, they spoke with an unmovable conviction. We've got to get that guy, one of them said,
he's a bad guy, we've got to wipe him out, said the other.
These were not rednecks, but responsible people, community leaders, the sort of
incidents whose sponsor highway cleanups and fundraisers for the local hospital.
They had no question about the correctness of the war.
As we talked in a quite serviceable stake in burger place, I couldn't help but notice what
was on the TV at the end of the room, Fox News. The same Fox News that was playing in the lobby
of the hotel I stayed in, Billgrade, Montana, the same Fox News that was playing the lines of
the hotel I stayed in, South of Boseman. The Fox News philosophy had permeated not just the media,
but the culture. My heart sank when a young woman, a member of a feminist art collective commented,
I think we need to do this when we spoke about the war. Fox News has become the engine that
drives the legend. Heroism on questioning, patriotism, valor, and daring do are the order of the day,
ask whether the war is justified if progress is stalled, if civilians are dying, and you are,
if Ms. Holl is to believe, arrogant and manipulated. In middle America, George Bush may be running the war,
but Fox News is writing the script. Says Michael Ryan at HotPain.com.
That's a good line. George Bush may be running the war, but Fox News is writing the script.
1113-560-WQ-N if you ever thought about getting you a wireless phone like most smart people do,
most sure you have, because you know how fanable it is to keep in touch with your business
associates during the day, as well as being connected with your family at all times.
Don't postpone it another minute. It's a done-to-day just called wireless city.
A team mobile authorised dealer called now tool free at 1-88-221-8080, and wireless city will deliver
today to your home or business a brand new wireless phone ready for you to be used in.
Wireless city, a team mobile authorised dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you,
like their new 39-99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends.
Call wireless city now 1-88-221-8080. Call today and get you the new small size Nokia 30-390
with vibrating call alert and hands free. Just call 1-88-221-8080.
Service agreement requires you pin in materials or authorised representative at wireless city
for limited and complete details. Wireless city is your team mobile authorised dealer.
Call them today 1-88-221.
Yes, say it again. I'm strong because I was the wrong thing.
1-88-221-8080.
My name is Law. This is Sports Radio High School. You weigh out.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
This is Sports Radio High School.
Wonder Boy.
You always wonder what he's going to do next.
That's cute, but I don't think so.
Now let's get to this facts and learn what it's all about.
And we'll preface it by saying,
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
You sound desperate when you use Tim Robbins to justify your anti-Gulf war 2 ideology.
I sound desperate. I don't think I'm desperate at all.
I think I'm in pretty good company.
In his pathetic rant, Robbins accuses a southern talk show host of encouraging his listeners
to murder war protesters.
We both know that this is low to crap.
Well, I still have the original story over here.
And I did read the entire thing as opposed to some people.
And there's a touchy.
Where is it?
Here it is.
A teacher in another nephew's school is fired for wearing a t-shirt with a peacine on it.
And a friend of the family tells a listening to the radio down south.
As the talk radio host calls for the murder of a prominent anti-war activist.
I don't doubt that for one moment.
Knowing the venom in these psychosis that comes from right wing talk radio,
which is most a talk radio, don't doubt it for a second.
So you can assume it's a low to crap. I'm not buying it.
Okay? I have a feeling that whoever wrote this scraggly appritting on here,
he's probably the one that's got a real crap problem.
It's just like most Hollywood actors left or right,
Robbins is an emotional basket case and can't stand to be held accountable for his feature behavior.
Boohoo.
Well, what does that mean?
I have no idea. Can't stand to be held accountable.
It sounds to me like he's standing here for what he believes in and just repeating the same thing again.
Your anti-war position is as extreme as O'Reilly's pro-war position.
Neither is that interesting to hear day after day after day.
And ad-brest and you and your parrot George could be mistaken for Randy Rhodes.
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
And it's interesting they've spelled Rhodes two different ways.
Neither one of them even close to me right now.
So add some breaths.
Come on, baby. Come play with these titties.
I'm playing with one right now as a matter of fact, the squeezy ones.
Nobody ever called me Randy yet.
Somebody did say I lived in Texas.
Close as I got. Somebody said I was pretty Randy.
Don't forget to booze-borns on passions this afternoon to a clock on NBC6.
It's a must-see show today, the all-time best passions episode.
Even if you don't like the show, even if you haven't watched it before, you must see it.
Even if only to see Julian Crane do his Aussie Osborne best.
And the scene starts out where he's trying to put a garbage bag in a waste pass of minds that...
And winds up stuck head first in a waste pass.
It's a beautiful thing.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
How about we taught it?
I like that.
That's the winner.
And what fun likes it, too.
Thank you.
It's too late.
You got to be quick with me.
I got a quick finger.
Are you like we-tarded?
I'm glad you cut him off, by the way.
Why? I think he was going to say what did I ever do to you?
I think that was him.
Carlos, now you know the guy.
First of all, he always calls on line 9.
And secondly, that guy's got like a deeper...
He's almost like the whispering guy.
The guy was like, this guy wasn't that guy.
This isn't that guy.
So many people in our fine audience hate you like poison.
No wonder the week that you were on vacation,
they were like dancing in each other's pants.
They were like squeezing it all week long.
You've got to like lighten up a little bit.
You're always assuming the worst, okay?
Just keep in mind my philosophy, okay?
Prepare for the best and expect the worst.
I mean, here's how I'm spelling it.
W-E-T-A-R-D-E-D.
We-tarded.
That was excellent.
I love it.
Oh, I wish we'd had that earlier.
I'd have voted for it.
We-tarded.
It's tough to make me want to place a number of footbits.
It's in rabbits.
5670560, pound 560 on a yellow.
And by the way, this big deal about Abu Abbas.
And he's supposed to be the link to terrorism.
Well, the BBC says...
You know, I'm excited to see everybody else.
I've seen several stories about this.
Abu Abbas is a throwback to an earlier generation of Palestinian fighters
who carried out spectacular attacks of hijacking around the world of draw-tension to their cause.
His capture is being used by the West's evidence that Iraq was harboring international terrorist.
His fate presumably prolonged imprisonment despite Palestinian demands that he'd be set free.
Will be an example to others in the current climate post 9-11.
Also, the Italians want him.
They want to make him an offering.
Can't refuse for the Achilles Loro.
Turning a blind eye to anyone who has a record like his and his group did murder an elderly disabled man.
It's not an option for US administration, but he's not quite the big catchy Americans are seeking.
His arrest is a piece of unfinished business and not a breakthrough in the war on terror declared by President Bush.
He's not the link between Iraq and Al-Qaeda which Washington has been seeking to establish.
He comes from a different era.
Abu Abbas ended up in Baghdad because there was nowhere else for this aging militant or terrorist leader to go.
He and his kind of an partly overtaken by the New Zealots from Al-Qaeda, Hamas and Islamic Jihad,
were motivated by religion as well as nationalism.
Even Israel allowed him in and out of Gaza a few years ago,
as it accepted that he'd given up violence and was supporting the Ozzel Peace process.
Israel couldn't prosecute him under the terms of the Ozzel Accords anyway.
Oh wait, that won't confuse us.
See, that's another thing about these fascists.
No matter what treaty it is that we've signed or the whole rest of the world is at, we don't do treaties.
Okay, we don't do treaties.
Another Palestinian, Abu Nidal, the most famous in his day for active extremist violence,
and Amanda rejected any settlement with Israel, also ended up in Baghdad.
That he was found shot dead there last year, the weather by his own hand as the Iraqi suggested
or the hands of the Iraqi themselves for some reason was never clear.
Abu Abbas was from a time when the West Bank and Gaza were wholly under Israeli control
and Palestinians could not carry out the tax inside Israel very easily,
instead they resorted to action internationally across the Israeli borders.
The Palestinian Liberation Front, which Abbas led was a little known faction even at the time,
but it was quite often daring and once he used hang gliders to get into Israel from Lebanon.
In its most notorious action, the hijacking of the line of Akili Loro on the Mediterranean 85
is now mainly rumored for the murder of Leon Klinghoff or an elderly disabled New York Jew
who was shot in his wheelchair and thrown overboard.
Oy!
Abu Abbas made an apology of sorts later saying the shooting had been a mistake.
Maybe President Bush can make an apology to Little Ali, you think?
I'll hold my breath.
Anyway, the murder did great damage to the Palestinian cause internationally.
It was one of the events which eventually drove the Palestinians to change their tactics
and opened talks with Israel about a two-state solution.
What would become of him is not immediately clear. He'll presumably be sent for justice to Italy.
I can't, I just can't restrain myself, okay?
But justice, we must go to the North Carolina.
Who's in Italy?
Hang on out.
Where he was sentenced to five life terms in absentia.
The Italians had let him go when U.S. fighter planes forced down an Egyptian aircraft
in which he was traveling after the hijack ended.
They were forced to make amends after widespread protests, so even they let him go.
The days of those kinds of quiet releases by government seeking to blow out holding on to inconvenient prisoners are over.
Says this article by Paul Reynolds, BBC News Online.
How do you like that, Abu Abbas?
Small potatoes has nothing to do with Al Qaeda, has nothing to do with international terrorism today.
But you believe whatever you want to believe, okay?
And you want to know why?
Because they reported it breathlessly on five.
Slide in local, near Sports Radio 560, QAM.
QAM.
Asshole.
Hey Asshole.
At 560 WQAM, we just can't seem to get the morning show right.
So once again, we softly advise if our crackhead chicken hawk insulted.
And we apologize for that too, crap.
And now, 560 WQAM proudly presents
The Mogen David Show.
Morning, Mogen.
Bad.
They said good morning.
You know who I am.
Mogen David.
Yeah.
That's good, because I forgot who I was.
If I'd you name again, felt you?
No, down to me.
But you can call me down to me.
I was this year.
Locked.
Locked.
With a baker.
Two shulky.
Stop.
Take it back.
I want fish Nova.
That's life.
Get that out of here.
And while you're out, get me coffee.
I got punch guard for here for scoogings.
I get a freak cup.
Never.
Wait a minute.
Are we supposed to talk about sports?
Oh, yeah.
I'll never tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppaton.
No.
How about that?
Hurry, Cain.
Shuffle board team.
They don't got that no more.
Six wins.
Since they got rid of the rocker board, she's on Crawlin's Avenue.
That's a good thing I bought the normaljon rules.
Woohoo.
Let's see the card.
Yeah.
Crackin' man.
Yeah, that's it.
I got ya crack right here.
Bam!
What was that?
That I flipped my wig.
You.
It smells bad in here like toe cheese.
So, what do you say we do a nice remote from the festival flea market?
Sounds good to me.
Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches, then.
Okay, let's go.
I can use another big cake.
Oh!
Happy, a paysock, Yaldi and Mo.
It's 11.30 at 5.60 and also the Lynn, Lynn, even though she's in Vegas, still can't get
off the email thing.
You know, she just, so obsessed with the show.
She says she likes to call W. President Death.
Also says having a great time leaving this afternoon didn't win any money but ate like a pig.
That's the way to do it, sweetheart.
When it doubt work it off.
This is a grotesque story about the umpire.
I'm sure you saw this being the big fourth fan that you want.
This is sick.
Yeah.
Again in Chicago, Noles, a fan came out of the stands during two tenets game between the
worlds and the White Socks and attacked first base umpire last Diaz.
Security and players came to Diaz's aid and the fan was quickly taken away.
Immediately after Carlos Lee flat out to right to Mb8 thinning the fan right out of the
field and tried to tackle Diaz, wrapping his arms around the umpire's legs.
Kind of like precious was doing to Luis on uhpassians.
It was the first appearance by the Rawson Chicago since coach Tom Gambo was pummeled by a
father and son who came out of the stand by September.
Now certainly remember that story.
I do.
I remember this one.
Those two Yahoo redneck sir.
Oh daddy and his young clone three times earlier to the net the game was delayed when
fans ran on the field before being tackled by security guards.
US cellular field formerly called Komisky Park will host the All Star Game July 15th.
That's on promising before the game.
Gambo tried to downplay his return to the field where he was attacked seven months ago.
I haven't really given it a thought he says lightning doesn't strike twice.
A wrap.
Yeah.
That's what Lucristo said too.
Wow.
Well there you go.
Just uh totally out of control of all the umpires that I could have picked to attack.
There's so many fat overweight.
Yeah.
Umpires that are out of shape.
That guy's a Marine core reservist.
Who is the umpire who died to the heart attack?
John was a John McShurie.
That sounds familiar.
Remember that a couple years ago?
Yeah.
Right over the game.
Collapsed at home played before the game.
I mean he was a good umpire too but he weighed about 800 pounds and who's the big fat black
umpires?
He's still working.
Because I don't want to be a system.
He's a kind of system to make them lose weight before he could a future system.
What the hell was his name?
The big fat black umpire who weighed about four and then he lost a bunch of weight and then I think he gained it back.
I think he was like a darker complex darker version of the beast.
What the hell was his name?
See this is bad when you came in with that.
Although I do remember Francis Oh here in Mildred, uh, Mildred R.
Mildred R was Kermit Beetle.
Amber Kermit Beetle?
No.
I knew.
He was the eighth beetle.
You better get with it Mr.
You don't know your harness drivers for crap.
You better start studying on this stuff.
You probably think Rosemary, uh, Homestyr is a home monster.
I'll get a book.
Yeah, get a book.
Dick, uh, fine burger alone at two.
He gave a little instruction.
It's called the Aliyevi Harner School of Life.
Hey, Chevron, Texaco is a company that some people love to hate.
In recent years, protesters have picketed the oil industry giant for a range of perceived defenses ranging from human rights abuses in Nigeria to oil contamination in Ecuador to refinery pollution in Richmond.
Now Chevron, Texaco, and Andrew Wrenner racked a list of complaints several hundred demonstrators descended on the firm's San Ramon headquarters.
Monday to accuse the company of encouraging the West to attack Saddam Hussein as the way to gain access to his nation's vast oil fields.
And we are growing that oil ministry with everybody's life, but the rest of the stuff include in case you missed the beginning of the show, I don't want to get you nervous.
But there's a whole bunch of toxic stuff.
Whole bunch of crap that disappeared from that big laboratory laboratory.
Maybe a little legacy was over there.
You know, that's another thing about that video.
A lot of channels like that.
Not only if they got to wear Rodgers thing on every day.
What?
What?
Kid finds a wallet loaded with hunger.
Look at that.
Don't wear a kid there.
He's in hours.
He's with crap.
And then there's Landlord and Greenigan.
He's a lady on the Adraven movie channel.
And Dracula, the series is extremely TV.
No him.
He almost got Maxine.
He killed.
There you go.
Say.
Too bad you don't have the good TV.
Oh yeah, you don't have the CBC.
You don't even have the BBC on your crappy direct TV.
But of course now they're Rupert Murdock owns it.
You only have his Fox.
Every channel now on direct TV is going to be Fox.
Anyway, Chevron, Texaco has no contracts to drill in Iraq, but the protest to relieve the firm is sure to get them because it anticipated
the favorites in the US companies by future Iraqi oil authorities if and when Iraq is open up to four-neural firms which it will be.
Chevron, Texaco should say we don't want to make contracts with puppet governments said Mary Ann Daube,
a San Francisco resident who works for a nonprofit wounds organization that promotes self-employment.
Now, what was the thing about the ship?
Was that, oh here it was.
Protesters frequently focus on Chevron, Texaco's ties to the Bush administration,
Condoleezza Rice Bush's National Security Advisor previously served on Chevron's Texaco board.
The company even named a ship after Rice before she joined the administration and once she arrived in Washington,
the ship raised some eyebrows and Chevron Texaco took her name off the tanker.
Because nobody wanted to ride on the old Condoleezza.
They were afraid they were going to get seasick.
5, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
The W and George W. Bush stands for that's our pull question today.
468 votes so far the W stands for wonderful 75.
Ah, he's wonderful like a breath of fresh air.
That's only 16%.
Worcless 69, Warmonger 58, let me worry 51, Worse 24, Wittless 23, Wiesel 20.
Wiesel, reckless 18 with a W. Wasted 15, Wank 15, Wanks, White bread 14, Warp 12, Horrid 12, 12 Horrid's.
Make a dozen.
Writes you to 11, whoop ass nine.
Waco 9, winner 7, now winner that's the other good one, now what do we have 16% and that's the one for.
So 17.4% choose the two really positive ones we have on her and I'd be glad to put a lot more positive ones but nobody's calling them in.
Weapons of mass destruction 4, 1 to be dictator 4, weiner 2, wrong to wear a pair, worm 2, wolf full 2, what what, 1, world beat her 1, vermouth 1, raffle and whitey still ain't got none.
Vermouth to do better than that.
Come on you guys can do a lot better than that on the vermouth side okay get them hip boots on baby.
That's it.
Yeah.
That's been in there too long 23 till noon we got the mad dog a brief appearance a cameo by the mad dog day 1 to 2 30 because we got Marlon's baseball Marlon's in the filled it out of your fillies.
I want to tip my hats to the Tampa Bay Lightning ice-gong boys in Washington last night they went to an aerowash then after blowing the first two at home.
They had one of Washington since before Frank Mahaballuch was a baby.
I think it's good that we got at least a real hockey team in the state of Florida you know what?
Yeah sure is not the Panthers.
I just mentioned that in passing that series is tied it to a piece I think the I think the Lightning have the momentum now they got the mo they got the mo and they're going to go on a win it.
That's what I'm saying.
The big shocker of course what is all the shockers but I st. Louis up on Vancouver three games to one bank cover just went into out they crap right out man.
They just rolled over with the big shocker Detroit they're done bye bye wedwings bye bye see ya.
Brian Murray and the Anaheim mighty duck sweep the the wedwings man it was incredible for an aerow against Detroit how much money you could have made on that.
Yeah about 30 grand more than you making about two years more than Carlos makes in a lifetime but Carlos is doing a great job and I have a feeling that when I come back to town and Eric's going to have a big fat check that a reward Carlos for the great job he's doing on really maintaining our great website.
My love this is for 305.
I'm too sexy for my love too sexy for my love what's going to leave me.
Hello.
I'm too sexy for my shirt too sexy for my shirt so sexy it hurts.
Now I'm too sexy for that web it too sexy for that web it's that web it's letting get it.
I'm a hunter I hunt web it's I do my little thing in the fallest I'm a hunter I hunt web it's I do my little thing in the fallest.
I'm too sexy for my bullets too sexy for my bullets I put bullets in my rifle I'm too sexy for this forest.
I'm a hunter I hunt web it's I do my little thing in the fallest I'm a hunter I hunt web it's I do my little thing in the fallest.
I'm too sexy for that web it's that broad knee doc are you talking about me oh yes I'm gonna press you and use you for swippers.
I thought you are a mental kid can you better put that gun down laughing boy before you hurt somebody.
I'm a monster what be still you with a hairball.
So the reason I played poppile on poppile there before that was because you see who died no John Paul getty.
Multi-billionaire one of the richest men in the world he's dead.
I didn't even know he was sick. I think that money's gonna do him any good anymore probably not probably not now free to protest or raki's complaint about Americans rights Ian Fisher in New York Times.
Well we'll get to that we don't want to do too many bedtime stories because I'd like to show a little bit too informative five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 we don't want to be too informative especially on the first full day of paysocks right right how long is this madness go on anyway this pass over.
You tell me and we got good Friday tomorrow Easter Sunday get all those the legs. Oh you know what I do like and they're just poison poison and I noticed Kentucky Friday saw like big buckets up and I have no idea what it has to do with the chicken.
Those Cadbury eggs oh yeah oh I could eat those and of course I don't want to say who in my house keeps going out and buying him and leaving him around for me to eat like pounds of them because they're gonna kill me but I can't stop eating those you know how many I can eat before you even start.
Stop eating. Yeah and then I then I start to get a second wind you know the ones I'm talking about I do they're great they're great.
Oh dangerous like Hollywood yeah there's all I'm not that crazy about the marshmallow rabbits and all that I can't without that but they have Cadbury eggs yeah which of course they certainly have here.
Oh not for me I can't be doing that anytime soon I'll tell you that. Yeah thank you miss it thanks so much miss Andrews.
How's Brian Andrews doing. He's fun. So the great news is Rick Sanchez coming back to town with a tail being his leg.
Yeah what a surprise. Now why we would think that before MSNBC would have hired him of course they were desperate anyway they got like nobody watching.
Wouldn't you think that they would have watched some of his work from Channel 7 and realized that he was a supercellius hyperventilating clown.
I thought that's what they wanted. Who squats over the mat well didn't work out too well.
Now the movement in the other direction now they got that good right wing or Joe Scarborough on the red night.
Oh have you ever seen him? No don't. And whatever happened to Jerry Nockman that big huge guy that was like sweating up his thermo eight 600 pounds
Jerry Nockman with a bald head I give up that was on the head I don't get that no wonder nobody watches that thing.
Although I did play some of the audio this morning you thought it was the CBC she was asking some pretty balls of questions there.
They're going to get her ass whoever that brought is she's on her a lot she's good.
But they're going to nail her ass if they stay it's fine out that she's questioning authority questioning of this effort of ours this glorious freedom effort of the US.
I don't know Aaron Donald Rumsfeld company.
See the reason the audience don't just like him that much is he's funny you know yeah just like Hermann Gehring was a blast to the party.
WDQ I am.
That one's like the nail speaking sir.
Yeah yes I am.
Yeah I have a great one for you the way that the W represents for me.
Okay.
Why?
That's not bad.
Why?
I like it.
Okay thanks.
Well I mean it doesn't work on our pool but I do like that.
Why?
I feel like it.
That was a great Jackie.
I'm bigger part Jackie Bales.
That was Jackie Bales?
Yeah it was.
Well how do you remember that?
Because I was there because she did it.
Because I heard Rick Sanchez what we say about him when you say Rick sucks in Jackie Bales.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 0 5 6 6 the only 18 T probably we're talking about Rick Riley when you said that now we're exchange right.
That'd be a good pull question who did George just like more Rick Riley or Rick Sanchez huh?
I only had one conversation with Rick Sanchez.
Yeah.
He was a big fan of mine don't you remember you used to run around with his Sony Walkman listening to me.
I know.
Then he started driving you should have stuck to running around Rick and not driving because you'd drive and could have you know kept that guy alive if you would have been driving normal.
Of course he probably would have run into him anyway you know.
Probably would have hit him with his Walkman and given the guy can come.
Hey how's Dr. Bob then we don't hear any more about that.
No.
Anybody got any info and any updates on poor Dr. Bob Akkins who was in a coma after fall in a and that's a horrible story.
72 years old and pretty good health considering.
Considering all that meat and fat and and he falls down and slips on a sidewalk and hits his head on the New York ice several days ago.
A couple weeks now I guess.
He's been in a coma.
Maybe he'll make a miraculous recovery.
Now do you think they're probably feeding I'm sure they're feeding him intravenously obviously that's the only way you think you know what I'm going to say.
I know.
No carbs.
No.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and that's terrible.
I apologize for saying that don't I know.
Even he would have a sense of humor about it.
Sure.
If he could.
W-Q-I-M.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
So glad to hear you get off that getting off that bush and getting onto some hockey talk.
There was a little pun fit in there somewhere.
I just actually I was listening to you talk about Akkins.
I think what happened is right after they announced that the the Akkins cult they're circled the wagons and they've stopped giving out updates on that story.
But it's pretty wild that that happens as often as it does.
I mean a lot of people especially down here might not be aware of how often older folks do slip up north and end up in the hospital for a second.
Are you picking on me again after my fall in Amsterdam a couple of years ago?
No I didn't even know about it.
Oh yeah broke a hand in my wrist.
I didn't fall in my head though thank goodness.
I know.
Well see Amsterdam everybody falls down.
It's designed by the people that they have those cobblestone streets.
That's right.
And unless you're really white of course in Amsterdam it's hard to watch where you're going because there's a lot of distractions.
So bikes flying all over the place.
The bikes and then those people in the windows of all varieties and shapes and whatever.
That's true.
A lot of distractions.
So I fell right on my, but at least I broke my fall with my hands.
I'm assuming he probably had a brief case in his hand or something so he couldn't break the fall.
Yeah.
Well I've, I've been.
But you're right we haven't heard another word about that.
It's a deep dark secret.
I took falls like that even as a teenager up there.
I'll tell you I just wanted to say hello to my buddy Queeson who I haven't spoken to in a long time.
He did a great job when you were away.
And the other thing there is regarding the hockey playoffs watching that game last night.
I mean three over times.
The hitting was vicious.
Yeah right from the beginning.
Right from the Tucker's hit on Jeremy Owlin.
Exactly.
I was just about to say that and did you see him?
He was on the pitch.
He was on the pitch down.
Yeah.
The eyeballs were rolling around.
Totally.
And then.
And I don't care what, and I know I see the thing that bothers me up here for all the gung-ho hockey fans.
I believe the city is crazy.
Yeah.
But you know, Bell for an even done Sherry last night.
Well, you know, look at what a great athlete he is and he's all prepared.
And everybody loved a bad one and like that.
And then the second period starts after coach's corner after he's trying to make excuses.
And he lets another greasy one in from an impossible angle.
And that's two nothing.
I mean, I don't care if he made 172 saves.
You can't in a playoff slid in a couple of greasy goals like that.
The Leafs should have won in regulation two nothing.
They'd have a strangle hole on the series.
But just keep in mind back to last night.
He lit into it.
And even the winning goal by Recky got a piece of it.
But I'm big.
It's in the net.
Let's everybody go home.
That was terrible.
Look what happened to Koocho last night with Detroit.
He lit in that goal.
Right.
Good.
Good.
Crop through in from the corner.
He was already on his knees when I went in the upper corner.
That'll teach him.
That's what they get for swap and goalies.
Right, that's.
So, you know, anyway, I'm just saying it's been a great series that's far of various games around the league.
And I'm sure we're hearing lots of discussion about it on QAM on our sports league.
I don't go to QAM for my hockey talk.
But I'll tell you something.
It's been a great time so far.
And I'm looking forward to the next couple of months, my favorite time of the year.
Then how about those lightning, man?
I know.
What's up with that?
Dark horse.
I like him.
I think they're going to win that series.
Well, by the way, have you noticed how Nidomire and a few of the X Panthers have been playing in their series for the day-pile?
Have a great day, pal.
And Stu Barnes for Dallas.
Have a great day.
We don't want to go down that road again.
Okay.
We don't want to go to.
How's Chris Wells doing?
We'll see him no more.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I remember those days at Paxen, you know?
Yeah.
And Rick Rady would come on in the afternoon and Ricken suds.
And people would call up Rick and say, who's this Chris Wells guy?
It must be awful important because that's all Nioh talks about.
Yeah.
And they were right.
They were right.
And of course, you can't push me.
Do more more hockey talk.
Can't book in Bermur to be a guest.
I'm sure you stopped.
More hockey talk.
Yeah, because now that we don't do it anymore, it's highly unlikely you'll ever get that free lunch.
Oh, yeah.
That was right on the verge.
W-Q-I-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning. How you doing?
I'm doing good. How you?
Neil, I'm doing good after last night.
I'm a big choir fan. What a game, huh?
Oh, so sorry.
I mean, so sorry.
You won.
It wasn't a great game, though.
I know a question about it.
You know, they got it.
I don't know anything else to tell you this.
Not only in Belford, but in two terrible goals in a marginal third one, but.
Yeah.
If you're going to be in a standing cup playoffs, you don't get 10 shots in two periods.
And what the, or no, I'm sorry.
They got 10 shots in regulation in the first three periods.
How the hell are you going to win a game with 10 shots?
You're right, but two of them went in.
Exactly. There you go.
Well, you know what? As a goalie, it's hard for him to stay sharp.
He's getting 10 shots in a game. He's cold.
I mean, you know, then you come, they come down.
I think he's a choker, Jack Manick.
I think that if they be taking a lot more shots, they be kicking his ass.
And you've seen it throughout the series.
I mean, yeah, overtime he was just like Belford. They were great.
But during a regulation, they just got to get more shots on.
Good series, though, right?
When he makes a save, it's weird.
I mean, he's just over the place.
Yeah.
But I mean, he had a great year, great save percentage.
And Kenny Johnson hit the post the night before, you know,
and the overtime the other night.
So that's not Kenny Johnson. What's that kid's name?
That's not Kenny Johnson. That's he plays on the island.
Kenny, yeah, yeah, don't say Kenny.
Yeah, we got too many yonsons.
Too many yonsons going.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Thank you.
Next season, but not anymore this year.
Saturday night in Philadelphia.
You're going to be there, George, for the game five.
I got my ticket hockey night in Canada.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six.
You were getting pretty hockey intensive now.
I don't know how playoffs going on.
You never know it.
I listened to QM, especially on a morning show,
because he thinks hockey sucks.
He's a bozo man.
They're talking football this morning on a mojo.
They're talking about junior say-out.
And they're talking football.
Oh, my God.
Woo!
The aroma was wafted right through this board here.
I had to, I'd like go out and get some Mr. Clean.
Good. God almighty.
Football in the middle of April.
Oh, and don't forget what's coming up this weekend.
Is it on the schedule?
Set.
I'm sure it is.
Saturday, April 19.
I don't see it.
Did I miss it?
Is it not this week?
What's the draft show?
The whole of that.
I don't know.
What would you mean you don't know?
Man, I don't stop paying attention to football.
Where is the big NFL draft show that most supposed
always full of crap because he's a pussy.
And Gildi and Mad Dog are going to be there.
I thought it was this weekend.
I thought you were right.
Now that you mentioned that part, yeah.
I was almost there.
I was positive that we were talking about this Saturday
being the draft show.
I don't see nothing on my schedule.
Don't tell me Clarence could have made another mistake.
Oh, God, Clarence.
Next Saturday.
Oh, next Saturday?
Well, that should be on my schedule for next week.
There it is.
Saturday, April 26.
So we got a whole week reprieve.
So we don't have to go to all that football talk.
God is, I mean, in the middle of April.
What's the temperature there, about 30 Celsius?
About.
Yeah.
Howard David J. Manage at the mall.
Also Orlando at Dolphins Camp, Josie and D.B.J.
Don Bailey, Jr.
Chulas as it's the big draft day thing.
Next Saturday, April 26th, the week from the Saturday.
And it says right on here, Howard David and Jim Manage
will be this all is posturing.
I'll bet you your life and Carlos is too that he'll be there, okay?
Okay.
Only for your sake.
I hope he didn't hear me say that.
1157 at 5.
He might just consider three minutes till noon at 3am.
Do you have $2,000 or more in credit on a credit card?
If so, please listen to this.
Dedicated consumer counseling will help you.
It will cost you nothing.
Zero.
Dedicated is a nonprofit company.
It'll contact the companies you will money too.
And it can help you out by cutting those payments you have to make in half.
Call 1-800-4-NO-DET.
That's 1-800-4-NO-DET.
Dedicated will help lower your interest rate, eliminate late fees,
and save your credit and cost you nothing.
The bank pays dedicated, you pay zero.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call dedicated today.
1-800-4-NO-DET.
Call and find out how dedicated it can help you.
You've got nothing to lose.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates, and late fees,
do it yourself a humongous favor.
Give dedicated consumer counseling a trial and I'll handle it all for you from there.
Call now 1-800-4-NO-DET.
It cost you nothing.
1-800-4-NO-DET for dedicated consumer counseling.
My life and local, this is 4-Trayal by City.
Way to land.
Hey, I'm Frao, Iliana, Ross Lateman.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Roque, I'm gonna use the hour.
Take high and poof!
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad.
I got my smile from home but my chest came from my bed.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my knits to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guide who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissues.
Guys, I am cute, they say I'm pretty.
I'm not one who needs your beauty.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kiss me but I can't get a man.
Cause I got no titties.
I got no titties.
Cause Wonder Brought is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get pukes.
Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boobs.
Guys, I am cute, they say I'm pretty.
I'm not one who needs your beauty.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kiss me but I can't get a man.
Cause I got no titties.
I got no titties.
I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
A travel to a 560, I love that thing, I don't think you'd ever play it so I better do it myself.
Have you ever beat it?
Yeah.
Come on.
Have you ever painted that Carlos?
Hell no.
I haven't heard about it yet.
Bagdad didn't follow his hand over the electrical information clearing house from then the Precifix News Service.
I'm not going to read it in too many bedtime stories.
Arabic media are speculating that a soft-caw Arabic for a secret deal was arranged between the U.S. and the bathroom regime to hand over Baghdad
Although nobody can pinpoint the exact terms. There were three clear outcomes first
Alive of many American British forces as well as most senior bath officials were spared second
Baghdad itself didn't turn into the blood bath widely anticipated by military experts and third the war was shortened dramatically
Saving the region especially Saudi Arabia from catastrophic consequences
See we're doing two out of three wasn't bad but once we got to the fact that we sent Saudi Arabia from catastrophic consequences
That was unfortunate in my humble opinion if it gets my drift
Well, we got some good stuff on there today, you know this this may be the all-time award winner could just get better every day
Oh, and it is a good website that's murkingchimp.com
Not only has it got the t-shirts and a mug's no other stuff, but there are some good articles on there including the one by Ariana Huffington
Did I forget to send that to you?
Which one? I
Don't have anything for Mary on a huffington. Will you calm down?
The one where the headline is a victory aside the invasion was a bad idea I
Didn't see it this morning. I'll send it tomorrow
I was it was in my pile, but as you saw there were so damn many of them. I just I forgot about it
Starts out by saying the Bible tells us that pride goeth before the fall in Iraq it cameeth right after it
From the moment that statue of Sodom Hussein hit the ground the mood around the Rumsfield campfire has been all high fives
I told you so is an endless
Prattling about the speedy fall of Baghdad is proof that those who opposed the invasion of Iraq were dead wrong
What utter nonsense? She says in fact a speedy fall of Baghdad proves the anti-war movement was dead right the whole pretext for our unilateral
Charging Iraq was that the American people were in imminent danger from Hussein and his mighty war machine
Well it turns out that far from being on the verge of destroying Western civilization
Hussein and his 21st century Nazis couldn't even muster a half-hearted defense in their own capital well a good start
up I'll save that for tomorrow to be an article and
Also to one by Tim Robbins let's have put that on there about a hundred times
Just to piss off that craggie old jackass who can't spell and writes with that real horrible handwriting like that real super-authority handwriting
You know I
Think your time is limited pal. I could be wrong about that
But I think your time is limited five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line the W and George W
Boyz stands for we've got about hundred choices on air five hundred and thirty four votes. What does it stand for?
Wonderful 84 15.7 percent
Wonderful
Remember Johnny Mathis wonderful wonderful. Oh, yeah, and then there was Lawrence Welk a wonderful wonderful member
Monty George W who is wonderful
84 votes worthless 76
Warmonger 63 what me worry
57 and that's a big drop down to worst 26 weasel 25 what was 24 reckless with a W 18
Wank 16 Wankers
Wasted 16 white bread 14 warped
13 horror and we targeted have 13 as we targeted like we Tina
Richard 11 Waco 10 whoopas 9 weiner 8 wicked and weapons of mass destruction 7 weapons of mass destruction
I want to be dictator 6 very mocked for I
Don't think they understand what that means you know how this crap
very mocked for wrong to were three worm three weiner two world meter two a
Warful to whitey one what what one and raffle none yet out of five hundred and thirty seven votes
Not so many really positive ones by wish maybe before one o'clock will have like a bunch of more positive choices. Let's hope
Here's another great article I found on smirking chimp.com by mark more for it. This is definitely on our thing, right?
Yes, it is a prayer for George W
I just will give a little tease so people go to our website and read these you says
What might the universe have to say to shrub right now hint and that it ain't exactly fan mail
George hey universe here great eternal karmic engine of all that ever was and will be everywhere everywhere for all time yada yada yada
We have to talk
We're just think I've been fighting this nasty rash to see this itchy painful scabby thing very unusual uncomfortable annoying as hell as you might imagine
Not sleeping well tea taste funny divine timeless luminous glow is flickering like a bad bulb
Haven't seen anything like this since oh the crusades of the Salem witch trials or name so weird
This is a good article. I probably shouldn't be the whole thing
But I won't because it's very very long and it would be the end of this show
They'd all be turning over to rush to here look
I thought I thought I thought I had today billen Hillary Clinton killed 52 innocent people and a bunch of little children were maimed and wounded by bill Clinton
Right and I'll go or probably kill a few too they
Because one thing that air be good right winger knows is that all of us liberals in our spare time. What do we do kill some people sure?
Kill some good time and kill some people some undesirables
WQ I am
Deal yes, sir. How you doing doing good? You know what gets to me first we go into Afghanistan
Yeah, and we go into Iraq
Mm-hmm today to go this jerk off Admiral for the Navy
Jeffrey Gilbert comes out and he says oh, I'm not responsible for Uncle chicken wax
We're all shrugging over here. Yeah, I don't know what it was, but we liked it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 80 and Verizon line WQ I am
Hello, yes, man
Is this George? No, this is Neil. Did we like to talk to George? Oh, Neil. Hi. Yeah
This is the Cochalon ladies
Great nice. I just wanted to say happy Passover and back to you and I wanted to talk to George
I wanted to ask him something go ahead. He's listening. I'm right here. Oh George. Hey, hi
My name is Judy and I'm the niece of the great. Yeah, we're all here together. Oh
Right
Actually another one of her great nieces is getting married in Barbados
And I was wondering if if you guys had any tape for any of her voice that I could take with me down there
What are you going? Well, it's me
How long? I can't know and George could put together a little cassette couldn't you George of course I could those
When Neil puts you on hold you can give your particulars to Carlos
Yes
Okay, hang on and George will do it for you. Okay, great. Take care. Have a good holiday
I didn't realize we had that
We sure miss her as she was great. Yes, she was
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T and provides the wireless line on a great Thursday, man. Am I was good Friday?
What are we gonna do tomorrow? Should we do like a frivolous show something a little light-hearted for the holidays?
We don't want to like the guy said even a hockey talk in his case was a good reprieved
I don't want too much of this George W. Bush stuff too much of this ward talk too much of this liberal
Whatever well that would be wonderful and it would go with the months of pizza that we're getting tomorrow
Are you really yes? We are well? Let me know how it is
70 Q. I.m. George. Yes, sir. Oh, I just thrown channel seven of dr. Attic and died now come on
John dr. Attic is I just turned channel seven
That's is this is Reverend Jones
Hello
Channel seven said dr. Attic and is this Reverend Jones I'm on it now and they have some other story going on right now
Now how are we gonna find out about this?
That was Reverend Jones that was some goofball
Wasn't it it could have been could very well have been but I'm checking in addition
Which you channel seven said anything would you believe it? No, no, so well wait till we get it from responsible news source
And not the Reverend Jones like Fox news there you go like Fox news then we'll know although Fox news
Uh locally is channel seven in it
Yes
What's not is it yeah, it is I
Thought they carried seeing in headlines or something in between the regular news who the hell knows
I don't know and I don't care. Okay. All I know is that we don't have Fox news up here and oh
You know tell what I'm and that includes you too, Mr. Allspin all day
Whatever happened to John Gibson don't see that clown anymore. He's probably waiting for oh Jay to kill some more people
Wtq. I am
Neil how you doing pretty good sir?
Neil you said something yesterday. I had her called up and make sure that's not what you meant
You said that I'm here where I said whatever I said I meant it and I forgot though
You don't you don't mean to suggest that this country or any country should be held hostage the prior
Foreign policy decisions that it made you correct or incorrect. What does that mean?
Well, you know what it means you no I know you said you said that I said something and you don't think I'm in now
What did I say you said it was incorrect for us to go to war with Iraq because of our prior affiliations with Iraq?
That isn't what I said at all I never said that you said that said that we propped him up there in the first place
That isn't why we were the ones that kept him in power
I'll hostage the prior incorrect before pause. Oh, please
Try me to pay that is so stupid. That is so idiotic
That is so idiotic how many times have you seen the photos of russian?
Little bit of shaking hands with them and spread about the stories about how much Britain doing business with him just in the last five years
Stopped a baloney okay, sir. That wasn't the point you were making and he knows it
No, of course not but again twisting and manipulating the words and because we had bad and
Edition which of course with this administration you do have a point because any previous treaties any previous foreign policy
Everything goes down out the window
You went small potatoes let him come in and help feed some people
Do a little bit of cleanup work but not too much because we don't want them in the way what we have in mind
Who are you kidding man?
So what's the story with Dr. Atkins carless found out that he's still alive?
No, I haven't found anything nothing about that anywhere. Yeah, this guy that was Reverend Jones
That was a crank that was some jackass that was definitely Reverend Jones and by the way Reverend Jones if you're listening
You're gay
Pressure defines when in regard to this last scholar pressure to find weapons mounts
This is in a Boston globe another one was liberal comedy pinco rags
A month after the outbreak of war arms control specialists and former UN weapons inspectors are increasingly critical of the Bush administration for failure
I'm sorry to interrupt yeah, especially clinic received all the best attention he could possibly have had totally he died we have
Yeah, what is that on a fox news?
Ah you put you put Fox News on here. I was flipping in there. Oh no, he put Fox News on the other show
So call us you'll be sitting in another chair tomorrow
Sissy
Cindy I told you not to bother me
Mr. Mouse oh you snap on that is there oh
Oh, no nothing sir. How are you? I'm not good. Oh, no. What's wrong now sir? Oh?
One of my balls turned black sure your balls my basketball my garage it froze it turned black
Oh, that's terrible. I'm a big basketballer. Horrible make the call Eisner. What what what calls it?
Jennifer Garner. I read the paper. She's getting a divorce. Well, she's separating. There's some chemistry there
Eisner she wants me I think she was just afraid to make them move on the big guy
But sir with all due respect you're you're a mouse. Hey
Don't tell me I know I'm a mouse. I'm hot though. She wants me. I can tell you're my
Pimp visor okay, okay sir. I'll make the hang on a minute
Don't think of that song we miss do not sing that song anyone's if he do doesn't
make me happy it makes me want to strangle you
Eisner. Yes sir. I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing. Okay. That's off to you for a
Micahmidal. You finally put this on the map with that thing. Wait a go Eisner. Well sir that's actually the fox network. Don't correct me Eisner.
Reemus. What are you doing Reemus? Get a divorce and play a msnimbo. Don't play the symbols on the phone Reemus.
It's not easy for the didn't I am to be involved. It's Disneyland band is terrible. That's right they need me.
But don't play a simple again Reemus. Eisner. Yes sir. What are we Robin? Well sir we've got the bachelor. Oh that's right.
That stupid firestein kid with that poor peat and grin. No no sir it's a fire stone. Yes sir.
Don't you correct me. What's his name? What's his name? Firestein. No you idiot it's fire stone.
You live in another neighborhood bachelor. Oh heaven's sake. What's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings?
What about Peter so you still to find you?
Reemus I swear to God I will take your hand between my white glove hands and through shit.
Ah Bozard I'm under a little stress bar. What's the matter Nickoderm Pat?
See that? The Nickoderm Pat. You don't smoke Reemus.
I'm sorry.
Get out of here you moron.
Eisner. Yes sir well Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job. Peter Jennings is terrible. He's French.
Well I actually saw his Canadian. Eisner. What I tell you about correct me?
What is Peter Jennings? Said. He's French. No you moron he's Canadian. He's the anchor of our network.
You don't even know what he does. Why do I keep you around Eisner?
I don't know. Why Eisner? I don't know. You are. Say it.
Killing me? Killing me. And you know what? Try to get me on that bachelor shelf.
But sir you're married mouse. Hey Eisner. Yes? I don't want to marry him. I don't want to date those 25 girls.
I just want to serve him a big remake.
Twenty past noon and I see I don't waste my time with Fox News because if they report it I wouldn't believe it anyway.
I went to the Boston here or the Boston Globe website. They have it. Boston.com which is always like up to date.
Dr. Rackens proponent of low carb diet plan dies at 72.
He died? Now you I've always talked about my psychic powers on a show.
Where did that come from out of the blue?
Did I start talking about Dr. Bob? Where did that come from?
I don't know. Brackdom. No seriously where I pulled it out of my ass.
Where did that come from just in the midst of a collar and I don't know how we got out of that.
I said did we ever hear any more about that? But I one other guy was talking about how they've gathered around to protect.
Well here's the story. Dr. Robert C. Atkins who's and he was you know you didn't like him but he was nice to me.
You didn't like him because he didn't pay any attention to you.
What are you talking about? I had no opinion on him. That's what those people said at that point.
You didn't like Dr. Bob at that period when we showed about 8 million books.
He paid as much attention to me as I paid to him. None. None.
Well that's because you're not fat. Right?
So what do you need the Atkins? I've got four of you.
We're busy eating lots of pizza tomorrow. Are you sitting there shoveling food and you're pushing
your foot started about dieting? You're like the freaking beast.
You're like a smaller slumber. You're not talking about dieting.
Oh my god.
I'm walking over there. Hold on.
Yeah. Get in that chair. Okay. See one thing about George. He's not fat now.
He's never been fat.
Oh he's a little jai. Kind of funny look.
Yeah that's him.
He's talking about diet doctors. Anyway, could pick up my good friend Dr. Bob,
what I was trying to say is Dr. Robert Hackens, who's best selling low carb high protein
diet was dismissed as nutritional folly for years, but was recently validated in some research
died today as spokesman city was 72. See it's just struck me. How do you like that out of nowhere?
Man this is. And you know who I'm starting to get visions about out loud. You want to know.
Don't don't say it. No, I was just had a vision about
Atkins died at New York Wild Cornel Medical Center and was surrounded by his wife and close
friend said Richard Rothstein, his spokesman said Atkins suffered a severe head injury.
Who's going to be really distraught? Who's already psychotic?
I give up. Here's a hint. Las Vegas. Viva. Oh yeah. Oh, what he's going to do for a living now.
How about a public? It has been milking at Atkins diet things, but it was cruises for a long time.
And of course, Dr. Bob, not that the face man isn't around. Although I'm sure that the
people around the Atkins program will keep it going, but it'll never be the same without the
face man, right? The name will go on. Atkins suffered a severe head injury a
perlite after falling on an icy sidewalk while walking to work. Last April, he was hospitalized
for cardiac arrest, which he said was related to an infection of the heart and I related to the diet.
Atkins first advocated his unorthodox weight loss plan, which emphasizes meat, eggs,
and cheese and discourages bread, rice, and fruit in his 1972 book, Dr. Atkins died revolution.
Its publication came at a time when the medical establishment was encouraging a low fat high-carb diet,
which is why so many people died prematurely, by the way. The following year, the AMA
dismissed Atkins diet as nutritional folly and Congress summoned him to Capitol Hill to defend the
plan. Labeling it potentially dangerous, the AMA said that diet's unscientific underpinning was
naive and biochemically incorrect. It's scolded the book's publishers for promoting bizarre
concept of nutrition and dieting. Right. Despite this, his book sold 15 million copies and millions
of people tried the diet. Atkins philosophy enjoyed a resurgence in the mid-1990s with Dr. Atkins'
new diet revolution, which sold more than 10 million copies worldwide and spent five years on the
New York Times best-seller list. But criticism of the diet lingered with many arguing it could
affect kidney function, raised cholesterol levels, and deprived the diet of important nutrients. Atkins
said, no study showed that people with normal kidney function developed problems because of a high
protein diet and never gave it into his detractors. Defending his plan at the American Dietetic
Associations Convention in 2000, Atkins quipped, I'm very happy to be here, not as happy as Daniel
in the Lines den. This year, his approach was vindicated in part by the very medical community that
scorned him. In February, some half-dozen studies show that people on the Atkins diet lost weight
without compromising their health. The study showed that Atkins' diet is cardiovascular
risk factors. No-world cholesterol profiles change for the better. Let me read that again. The study
showed that Atkins' diet is cardiovascular risk factors. And overall cholesterol profiles change
for the better. Still, many of the researchers were reluctant to recommend the Atkins diet saying
a large new study now in a way could settle lingering questions of its long-term effects. And this
thing goes on and on and on about the diet to this and you can eat that, etc. It does say to Atkins
the key dietary villain in obesity was carbohydrates. He argued that makes susceptible people pump out
too much insulin, which in turn encourages them to put on fat. At least, if nothing else on that,
he is absolutely correct. So rest in peace, Dr. Bob, okay? And speaking of that,
or guess what I'm going to have for lunch now? Good Dr. Atkins, no-carb lunch. Bacon,
cheeseburger. No. I don't want to do that. I can cook that up right here. I want to go out
into the community doing a nice restaurant. Hit me a nice, huh? I want to go into a nice crowded
restaurant where I can get some stars. Oh, no, no, no. All you people out there don't worry about
that. There's nothing in the greater community yet. Although they're real worried about this weekend
with all the Easter in the air, all these congregate, you know, these people congregate and
eat and greet and eat and they're a little bit concerned about that. So if I just do lock all
the doors from the inside and stay in for next several weeks, fat man, Susan McDonald's over non-higher.
Bridgeport, Connecticut. A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against McDonald's
filed by a new Haven man who claimed he wasn't hired because he's overweight. Now you talk about
the pot called the kettle black. They fired this guy because he's fat. Now what restaurant chain
in the world that makes people fat or anyone else that even think of? Mickey D's, baby, make death.
Joseph Conner is filed a lawsuit last year against the fast food chain claiming that it discriminated
against him in violation of the Americans with this bill exact and the Connecticut Fair Employment
Practices Act. Conner who weighs 420 pounds, claims the McDonald's violated the laws when
regarding him is morbidly obese and refused to hire him based on that perception. Further he
legislates his obesity as a disability and the restaurant chain violated the CF EPA by deliberately
not hiring him. U.S. District Judge, step on underhill concluded Conner must be given the opportunity
to prove that he's protected under the law. McDonald's had argued that obesity except in special
cases where the obesity is due to a physiological disorder is not a physical impairment within the
people fat, given all these kids diabetes and a very early age and they don't want to hire this guy
because he's a big tobacco crack. Shame on him. He'd be a good poster child for him again.
1226, speaking of your health, by the way, here's a good product. I'm popping an everyday
olio med help my blood pressure tremendously in a short period of time. It can do the same for you
can do wonders. Olio med soft gels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil. It's not just your ordinary
olive oil like you get out of a bottle from the store. It is super concentrated with all kinds of
health benefits for you. Olio med everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high
cholesterol plus there are 14 different olio med formulas from which to choose. Each one combining
the best olive oil that money can buy with vitamins, minerals, herbals to support specific
health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. And by the way,
Skippy, I don't have any more of my blood pressure up here. I'm running out real quick by another
couple of days worth just a hint because the ones who got me down here, they're still down there.
I just mentioned that in case Skippy wants to be on top of things as opposed to some of our other
salespeople, just pick out the olio med formulas that are right for you and what you need.
Now there are three brand new olio med formulas one to help you sleep, one to help you control that
disgusting sickly weight and coq 10 for your heart. Pick up some olio med today. It's all over time
more and more people talking about it and popping it. Pick it up at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens,
Whole Foods, Markets, Navarro, Zensadanos, or order it online if you like olio medamerica.com.
If you want to get all the info about their great products and what they can do for you,
call 1-866 olio med. That's 1-866-653663. Get some olio med today and for better health,
start popping in your push right away.
We're supporting you 5-6-1-2-1.
You AM.
Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music
Biography Profile Story. We take a good, hard, stiff look and to start him.
He looked exactly like John Lennon. He sounded exactly like John Lennon. Not surprising,
since John Lennon's sperm helped create him. He was Julian Lennon.
I never really wanted to be as successful as me dad, which worked out since I f***ing well wasn't.
Julian Lennon grew up in the shadow of a famous father, but luckily there was someone else
who blamed for his own lack of real success.
Yoko. That's right. Yoko Ohno. Let's blame her. Everyone else does.
Well, everything's Yoko's fault, isn't it? I mean, that's what all told me.
Paul McCartney composed Hey Jude in 1968 to ease young Julian into accepting his father's new
weird-ass bride. Since then, McCartney has had a hold on Julian Lennon that some say is unhealthy.
Just listen to this phone conversation recorded last month for Inside the Behind.
Hey Julian, could you put my name first in all the songs you wrote?
You know, so you wouldn't read to McCartney Lennon instead of Lennon McCartney?
Paul, you didn't write those songs with me.
Well, I know, but I'm trying to get some closure here, you know.
Oh, well I guess that's all right, and I was born into privilege and I've never had
to struggle a day in my life. I guess I'm not smart enough to see that I'd be incredibly manipulated
by you. Right, so I'll have the papers drawn up then shall I?
Yeah, great. Brilliant.
Fab, yeah.
Julian Lennon, if you remember the 80s, you probably were there.
It's a big juicy sobbing with Look at Show business tonight.
And Inside the Behind.
That'd be a great pull question. Who sucks worse?
Yoko Onor or Julian Lennon?
Well, that's a tough one.
Speaking of Julian, by the way, don't forget to say must see episode of Passions today.
I'll make it a point.
I'm fine. I just, I really love being swethed on.
Yeah, because you're a f***ing son.
You're f***ing virgin.
You.
Oh, f*** you.
That's f***ing old man.
Look at this f***ing room, this one.
Well, then it's ill f***ing zoom.
Oh, f***ing loser dad.
All right, we have the furniture f***ing stain proof.
It's very easy to clean up.
What?
Oh, f***ing.
The booze borne's.
Oh, believe it.
Just watch.
Ah, no.
No, my f***ing piloni pants again.
You have to really see it to appreciate it.
Of course, George won't watch it because he's never watching it.
I'm gonna tape it and make sure I watch it.
If watching this episode today doesn't entice you to watch it again,
plus Sheridan's honor to blonde.
It's honored in inconvenient time, but I'll tape it and watch it when I can.
I'm gonna tape it.
You're gonna be home by two.
I'm gonna make a phone call.
Make a b-line.
Make a phone call to the house and have like your daughter tape,
because Crystal's busy.
And when I went to what number,
because Crystal watches Sofson,
she don't watch NBC.
She watches The Bold and Beautiful and all those, yeah.
Ah, they hold it in beautiful.
Oh, and that's another show.
Is guiding light.
What's going on there with Alan is getting drugged by.
What's your name?
By Alex?
All the show is I'm gonna headache just thinking about it.
Anyway, poor Dr. Rankins.
Let's have a lot of tribute to Dr. Bob.
We invite everybody who lost weight on the Atkins
and those of you who got really sick from it to call in right now.
WDQIM.
QIM?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the Fatshpata Umpai was Eric Gregg.
That is correct.
Oh, okay.
I don't know if you had gotten that one.
No, we did not.
I thank you.
It'll take a load off my mind.
Thanks.
A big load.
Eric Gregg.
Wait about 455 pounds.
Soak and wet.
5, 6, 7, 8.
And then of course,
I don't want to go back into with 2D pressing.
That's not make sure you think.
I mean, around there in the middle of summertime,
it's 150 degrees in the shade.
There's sweating up a storm, you know.
And these, yeah, so many of them are in such bad shape, right?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Happy Easter, Nail.
And happy Easter was.
And Neil, I ordered that, uh,
the Comcast, you know, the Comcast.
And I got that major league, uh,
any package like 130 bucks for all the baseball games.
I got the hockey free.
And I was watching that for the overtime game last night.
Did you guys have that game?
Yeah, I saw.
I seen it.
Yeah.
Oh, what a game.
Yeah.
It's a miracle that any of the guys who play that game can still walk.
Oh, man.
You know what?
A little bit is the rest of the call.
No penalties are nothing, you know.
They let him play.
It was great.
They actually let him play.
All right.
Now I just want to tell you that I got that I ordered the baseball package and I got the hockey.
Like, you know, they get a real sport is a bonus for free.
So I heard that guy call yesterday.
Want to know how to get the game?
Maybe just go over up Comcast.
You go out and find you a good package, right?
Okay, Goldie Skull, pal, thanks.
Goldie Skull.
I don't know what anybody says.
I don't care if he made 472 saves three greasy rolls in there.
Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, three greasers.
God.
I know what they say when they go to Wayne Arms Hall,
I'm for six researchers.
How's Wayne doing, by the way?
He's fine.
I hear that if you make the right offer, he and Hudson both will whip you out.
Nice prop worst.
That's White Hunt.
Five W to Q I M.
Hudson's got a White Hunt.
He's got a red one W to Q I M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the W.
Okay.
Rectom.
I like that W R E C T.
You know, that's great.
Can we take it?
It can be taken many ways.
Yeah, well, we don't want to talk about where to score that.
We can stick a hyphen in there.
R E W R E K.
We'll spell it like goofy W R E K dash T.
You M. Rectom.
I love that.
Boy, it's a good thing we squeezed that in before the end of the show.
Rectom.
Yeah.
Man.
I'm losing it.
I think I'm getting inquired.
Maybe I've got little more like that.
Sorry.
Well, we're going to some cities are going to spray press the side.
We got the SARS.
We got to work out West now virus.
We're set to monitor for this.
Yeah, monitor.
Yes.
What I'm just wanting is the health system itself.
Well, I don't want to listen to any of this every day to get you like panic, you know.
Just a few people croak it over here and a few over there.
Just keep them away from all the rest of us.
That's all we want.
I'll we'll say this if anybody starts coughing.
We're like a son of a bitch.
I think we're going to fix line five.
I mean, not that we have a lack of cause.
We've had a ton of calls.
But are they ever going to fix it or is it just a joke?
No, they're not fixed.
Wtf QAM.
Around hold.
Yeah, we don't play that game.
Wtf QAM.
Well, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, buddy?
Doing sensational.
Uh, Neil, I want to call that you know, good friend from uh,
Robert Atkins.
Atkins.
He passed away today.
No.
Yes.
I just heard it on CMBS.
MSNBC news.
Robert Atkins, the diet guy.
She's been.
Yes, and Robert Atkins from the Atkins diet.
Yes, sir.
He passed away today in New York hospital.
Well, thanks for the bad news.
We'll check it out.
Thank you.
Better check that out.
Get out George.
All right.
Man, I'll tell you where the hell would we be without this audience?
So we'd have no clue what was going on in the world.
And then that one guy and you kept saying,
oh, that's just a crank.
It's Reverend Joe.
That guy was uh, he was watching Channel 7.
Yeah.
Which is good enough reason to doubt it.
Rick sent now.
Rick Sanchez is not coming back to 7.
Was that the word?
Of course he was with MSNBC.
So I'm assuming his contract was MSNBC.
So he's going to be Channel 6 alleged.
That was the word coming back to Channel 6 this time.
Oh my god.
Wow.
You think the people of Channel,
oh, and Emmys are good buddy.
Joe Rose will be working with Rick Sanchez.
What a match made in purgatory.
That is huh?
Woo.
Wait until he comes back and works on the same newscast.
Would Joe Rose.
He's got a big heart on.
Wow.
22 to 1 at 5.
60 WQAM.
I think we're getting a little goofy now.
I don't know what it is.
Sorry.
Well, it's better than getting all the press about Dr. Bob.
Because we it wasn't a shot because we already, you know,
once he went into the coma,
once things started going like south real bad.
Yeah.
We had a feeling that it wasn't going to be a real good end.
I bet you your good buddy Bob Lincoln shows up one of these days soon.
Start looking for some free plugs on.
He would be drowning his sorrows right now.
I'm sure.
You think so?
22 to 1 at QAM.
We got the mad dog one to 230.
Some Arlon's baseball at 230.
The humpers off today.
Hey, stuff.
Which is a good thing because now he can get his urinary tract all
straightened out again.
Was he upset that I mentioned that?
Oh, he didn't say.
I didn't run into him afterwards.
Oh, he don't care.
He can handle it.
I mean, what's the big deal with the urinary tract infection?
Lottily, I mean, lot of guys get that.
Huh?
My mother's getting those all the time.
Oh, yeah.
They're the thought.
Hey, speaking of that, if you've got a problem on top of your head like
the momeister, here's the answer for you.
Charles Opiore.
Just one easy name that's hard to think of.
Charles off here because he's the hair guy.
He's been in business for a coon's age for a year.
How many years he's been around?
About third man.
So that is correct.
Working with the famous and the not so famous.
And everybody who signs up with Charlene gets his natural
hairline system has nothing to lose but the ball spot
because here's how it works.
After 30 days, you get this guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting laid at least 15, 20, 30, 40 times
today to the point where it's just about ready to fall off.
Like my lung.
Charlie will give you a full refund.
Notice how I'm getting choked up about this?
I say it.
Call today, take advantage of your neo-ranges 200 dollar discount
by mentioning my name.
What am I getting a fronty in here about?
I think it's Cyrus.
Oh, it just didn't take a sip.
No, it's just a little fronk going to throw.
You know what is?
It's a change of climate.
Yeah.
Well, 83 here on what day was it?
Tuesday?
83.
Yesterday, the high was like 46.
And today it's 41.
And then back in the 60s out of weekend.
Anyway, get some hair from Chuck Alfie.
He's the guy because the hair you get from him
looks like it's going out of your scalp like the real thing.
As opposed to a mousey looking piece on the top of your head
or a holes in your head.
So instead of people laughing at you, they'll say,
then you look pretty good.
A lot better than younger than you ever thought you could again.
Call Chuck Alfie or he'd come to the old neo-toynet call tool free
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or check out his website if you'd like it,
CharlesAlphaery.com.
Get a great looking head of hair once again from Chuck Alfie Erie.
I'm Chuck Alfie Erie.
I'm Chuck Alfie Erie.
This is sports radio, folks.
It's a few way up.
To do not belong and hear you damn cracky it,
go smoke your crack, please.
I am Chuck Alfie Erie.
Chuck Alfie Erie.
From our Palm Down Studios and beautifully
for a bill back then, it's Spiral Rocky View.
Our current champion, the Hussein Trebleys.
Son of a... Hussein!
Hussein! No say at all the names!
Ladies and gentlemen, come over here.
It's the Blink Blink family.
And now your host, Tracy Sleeper, is the owner of your mama.
Thank you to the police that we are here on the Iraqi Sealwood.
We put a gun to the head of 100 loyal Iraqi patrons
and ask them who picture you have most of in your home.
And, springing band, your god has sounded first.
Oh, yeah, your family.
So if I say...
Hussein family, you can see the points now.
All loyal Iraqis have pictures of Saddam.
That is gonna act in this big number one answer.
Most pictures of Saddam.
Who the never thinks such a thing?
Oh, what the f*** would have a picture of that as a mother f*** girl,
a mere wall?
You must be quiet in today.
Those guys and those guys will not be tolerating you on this game.
Okay, we point the same gun at the same 100 loyal Iraqi patrons
and we ask him this question.
Oh, she's like excited.
He's excited. We out of time.
We've got to go.
From 44 to 5, 60 to WDQIM.
Look at that. They just changed the forecast, baby.
Oh, no.
52 tomorrow and then sunny on Saturday and 18.
What is 18? 66?
And 21 on Sunday, baby.
70.
All right.
For Easter Sunday.
And that's the Lord, worsen mysterious ways.
Oh, I guess he wasn't watching over Dr. Bob, you know.
Good Jewish boy.
Dr. Bob Atkins, in case you missed it.
Didn't we hear that he just passed away?
Who?
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes.
Do we see George?
No, it's Neil.
Atkinside.
How about your pardon?
Um, um, Dr. Atkinside.
Dr. Robert Atkins is a dive guy?
Yes.
Oh, my God. What did this happen?
This morning.
Okay. Thanks for the bad news.
Mm-hmm.
Do you hear that?
What?
Sorry.
Listen, he wouldn't care at this point.
Okay.
He was in a coma for several days.
And I mean,
that's my philosophy.
But once you did, whatever they say about you,
it doesn't make too much difference anymore.
567-0560.
Did you hear that?
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
You like what?
Okay.
He said he likes it.
He likes talking to people but he can't get a phone that works.
WQIM.
WQIM.
Hi, Neil.
Did you know that's Eric Greg?
Yeah.
WQIM.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil?
Yes, I am.
Oh, okay.
I had to turn my radio down.
Please.
Listen, Neil.
This is your number one swatch of Carla fan.
Yeah.
I remember you always give you deaf and doom.
It seems I told you about the girl that sang, uh,
over that song.
Um,
Suzanne Riley or whatever Suzanne, whatever name was.
Condoleezza.
I need you to do listen, but on the series, no, uh,
you guys perform a great service because Florida has no news, man, on the radio.
I work for a company with Dr.
Accus mother.
Stages of retirement home.
And it was through your show when I heard about his accident that I was able to tell
the people that I work for and they informed a mother, man.
So now I have to be the bearer of bad news.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So, um, it's really sad.
Well, how old is his mother?
She's still around?
Yes, she is.
Yes.
She's, uh, I'm in the back.
Yeah, I think she's 92.
Wow.
Yeah.
So, you know, this is just bad.
Well, good luck to, man.
Break it real gently, you know?
You can do it.
Alrighty.
Put it in your capable hands.
Okay, thanks.
Better him than us, right?
We wouldn't want to break it to what a lady in a nursing home is 92.
The Dr. Bob, did you hear what happened?
Who?
If W was in, uh, what, what is that?
If W was in George, what?
I'm reading the pool thing here.
I'm giving a little bit of time.
The W in George W.
Boy stands for wonderful 91.
He's wonderful.
Why?
I said, when I worked at JNO in Palm Beach many, many, many years ago to talk.
And we used to have what is, well, of course, even there,
there were like some, we had the Dracula lady with her biting comments.
And then we had this one old bag from Palm Beach.
And she'd say, oh, isn't it wonderful?
It's just so wonderful.
So she became the wonderful lady.
Anyway, George's just, W do it.
It is not you.
91 votes.
He's wonderful.
14.6%.
Not too good.
Worthless 81.
Warmonger 72.
What me worry 61?
Weasel 30.
Witness 28.
Worst 28.
We tired at 25.
Wreckless with the W 19 and wasted 19.
Wank 16.
Wanks.
10.
See only 4.
That song 16.
Wanks.
No.
White bread and want to be dictator 16.
Warped 15.
Four.
14.
Winner 13.
Wretched 12.
Whoopass 12.
Rapids of Mass destruction 11.
That's George W.
George W.
Rapids of Mass destruction.
Boat 11.
Wack O 10.
Wicked 7.
Vermacht 6.
I like saying that.
Vermacht 5.
Wrong 2.
Or 5.
Worm 3.
Woulful 3.
World V 3.
Weiner 2.
Rathle 1.
Whitey 1.
And what?
What?
He's got one.
Which is the one you always want anyway, right?
Right.
He's got a Woulful.
Everybody wants a Woulful.
Only Mendis is he don't have one.
It's 11 to 1.
A QAM.
Rhyme local.
Here's Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
QAM.
Have the season pace off.
There's Lady in town.
She's another Dox Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Oi.
And she's buying bread at 7.
He leavened.
Uh-huh.
And the bread is wonder.
Oh, on the bread is wonder.
Oh, on the bread is really wonder.
I wonder sometime what it's all about.
You know, 12.53.5.60 WQM.
Not a bad day here today.
Gonna be beautiful here on a weekend.
Stay inside.
No locked doors if you're anywhere in this neck of the woods
because there's stuff going on out there.
And of course, by you, they're keeping it quiet.
If you don't understand.
Yeah.
It is there.
I know.
But they're keeping it very quiet.
Yeah, because they don't want you to get nervous.
So if the terrorists don't catch it,
then maybe the SARS will, and if it's not that,
then maybe the Bufo Toads and somebody will catch it.
My little Luke guys.
So I'm looking at the crawl on CBC news and guess who died?
That umpire?
I should, we better get some tributes to Dr. Bob
and before we run out of time today.
Don't you think?
We have an Atkins song or two, at least.
We do.
Atkins Squirts, I think.
The Atkins Squirts?
That would have been a good plan.
A day that he dies.
God is that in bad taste.
But he wouldn't mind, believe it.
I got the Squirt.
Squirt.
Squirt.
I got the Atkins Squirt.
Huh?
I did her.
I did choose to be.
You do it in this.
I did her.
Her.
Her.
God the cast, we got.
Atkins Squirts, I think.
I was like a fly with your cast.
Oh, we believe in you.
You do it in this.
Atkins Squirts, I think.
With these said to me.
You'll be alright, but atkins Squirts.
If you only me.
You do it in this.
So I changed, changed, changed, changed, changed.
Ladies and gentlemen.
We do.
We talk a lot.
And college, we do.
And we do.
And we do.
We do.
Do it.
Do it.
The cheese pie.
The cheese pie.
The cheese pie's in there.
And now I have a big red ring.
The toilet.
The cheese.
You do it in this.
I did this.
Her.
Her.
Her.
Atkins Squirts.
And her.
Her.
Her.
Her.
Her.
Bad taste.
Flaming on George.
I don't want to play that thing.
You're on hard-bitten.
Are you?
Hard-bitten.
Oh, you know what this is going to be?
I can watch.
Go to the QAN.
They knew.
What's up, George?
Why's I?
Bush.
That one too bad.
Too late for that though.
I want to add no more on that thing.
OK, enough is enough.
I thought we get some periods to Dr.
Atkins.
And people lost a ton of weight.
I want to say he was a great guy.
And he never stole a freight train.
And thanks to him, I'm still alive.
Something like that.
Just something nice.
I know it's not in the artinuary in light.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Dr. Atkins showed me what I could be.
In fact, he didn't show me my penis.
Yes.
Don't somebody had to find it for you?
W-D-Q-A-M?
Yeah, hi.
I join at John Eastman, work at W-I-O-D.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
A blind mic attack.
Talk about being blindsided.
Oh.
Holy moly, a blind mic attack.
Get out of here, you lunatic.
Mind the door.
Go away.
Don't go away, mad.
Just go away.
And the John Eastman thing about him
collecting the money on that smoking suit.
How many days ago did I have that?
I'll talk about an delayed reaction, huh?
Third man.
Who now gives a flying crap about John Eastman now?
Okay, you civil-din?
My, my, my.
The more things change around here,
the more they stay to freaking save.
Blind, freaking mind.
Yeah, he doesn't like that name.
Like I said, blind-mock.
We'll be exploded to Dom and people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressive nation and
the only one that's going
now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nook there's no to never.
Right wing is drilling it over and over
into our head.
That irack has sunk.
Mampons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hate their oil to be cotton.
Going after sentown to.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
The name in law is.
But no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent.
Believe in every word of this
cartel administration that controls us
by fear through lady.
Unmanipulation and the right wing
is drilling it over and over and over
into our head.
That irack has sunk.
Mampons of mass destruction.
The last civil rights is a price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Plinomedia cattle don't have any
reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world and
annihilation.
Overshin must fall in half a virgin
and so which no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have the balls and the
right wing is drilling it over and over
into our parade wash pants.
I rack as a.
We have been the past destruction.
The tomodian lucky.
Only I rack as a.
When the.
The master's drug.
We find him yet.
No.
How about those alchidatized we find us yet?
No.
How about some old polka not blue ties anyway
we feel real bad about dr.
Bob and spread the fact that George is trying to make light of it
because you know George is a hard bit
and asshole is what he is and aren't you George what's your point?
I said cut the crap.
Hey the mad dogs coming up next we got
Marlon's baseball this afternoon.
Bye bye bye.
The music show on five six season
you can't wait.
I am for learning.
