On 560 WQAM will never be the same. Starting this Monday, it's the sunny fox and
Greg Vue del Happy Hour Review Monday through Friday 6th at 10am only on 560 WQAM.
560 WQAM is relieved to present the farrell and guilty show.
That was a very good relic. Stop! Boy, it sure smells better in here than at a old time.
Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel in the life of the chair of no more.
Yeah, I didn't see it with that voice all day.
No, this is my voice. I'm not putting it on. Every day I wake up sounding the same way.
Hey, your voice is... I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Like I was saying, you want to change your voice?
Yeah, I want to grab me when I do.
I love how you got to do is grab your balls like this.
Oh, that's hoi!
Oh, let go my balls!
I'm wearing these to find them.
Oh, let go of them!
Oh, yeah!
Well, what you gonna do when you come to grips with this?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're my change in here.
Yeah!
Quick, ah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
I knew it!
I knew it!
Wow!
So, you notice Mo is golfing up again with Pharrell this afternoon.
They were talking about it this morning.
No, no. They're not bonding.
Mo thinks that they're bonding, but they're not bonding.
He's on to you, Mo.
Ain't gonna work.
Is it gonna work?
No, that's a chance.
That bit's big in the building already.
Is it really?
That's good.
It's the Pharrell and Gildi show starts Monday, 6 to 10.
I think it would be an interesting pairing of voices.
You gotta admit that.
Wait, no other show on America's got a pairing of voices like that.
Right, right, right, yeah!
In fact, you know who could be the first guest on that show with Gildi?
Oh, I snore!
Yeah.
They could put Mickey on there, too, would be good.
Anyway, so here's another sentence from the Hillary book, which is selling like hotcakes.
Not with this audience, so I talked about it yesterday.
And admitted that actually went out and bought it.
See if I didn't go out and buy it.
I couldn't read it sentence by sentence.
You're cruel, cruel man.
Here's the next, in fact, I'm gonna take my yellow magic marker.
Good God.
Here's my, well I already did the, the, the crossed out the first three short sentences that I read yesterday.
Here's the next sentence.
One sentence a day keeps the Hillary fans away.
I wasn't born a wife or a mother.
That's the information that's the material for today.
It's going to Hillary.
Not like those other people who were.
I wasn't born a wife or mother.
I think she was born a mother.
There are a lot of people who think she was born a mother.
As a matter of fact, the poor result from yesterday, and spread the fact that our early pool,
if the election were held yesterday, Hillary had 71% in Georgia, W. Bush 29%.
Which shows you how desperate most of us are to get his, sorry, sad ass out of there.
We'll vote just about anybody.
Even one of those prairie dogs that spread in the amucky pox.
All you people out there that have these amazing things called dogs and cats and parakeets and cockatooes and things like that.
I'm just not into people that have all these exotic pets, you know.
That's what's starting a monkey pox is people that think that they're getting prairie dogs and come to fight out.
They're not even real prairie dogs anyway, a lot of them.
Gambian rats.
Yeah, Gambian rats.
What kind of a pet do you have?
Why have a Gambian rat?
Oh, how nice.
But would you rather have a Gambian rat or a redisivett cat?
Oh, speaking of eating, saying, oh, wait till I get to this pool today, man.
What you did to me.
Criminal.
Oh, yeah, me.
What do you mean by that?
You both recommended train spotting.
I said it was okay.
It was good.
I did put it on my list.
Get out of here.
You both loved it.
Look at my list.
Is it on there?
I liked it a lot.
Oh, geez.
Your taste is in the crapper, man.
Well, it was just fine.
All things considered.
Anyway, here's the pool from yesterday.
1,330 votes.
Not too shabby considering we had like what we have for the first bowl.
About 2,300.
Okay.
Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton?
Opportunity.
389.
Brilliant.
266.
Brilliant.
Brilliant bitch.
She's not George W. 148.
Ice Princess 147.
The devil.
123.
Carpet Bagger.
112.
Small potato.
See if Eric would have put that on her.
What I told him put on her easily would have been triple digits.
Did I say that?
You said that.
But he was too busy with some of his corporate clients there.
He's too busy for us.
You know.
And of course, he would just like Carlos have control of the pool.
We wouldn't have to interfere with his valuable time up there in Orlando.
But he just doesn't want to do that because it's a labor of love.
A reluctant labor of love.
Anyway, small potato is 89.
Lightweight 38.
And squishy, which was George's choice for Hillary 18.
Dooh.
See, I think that when you say squishy, it implies like.
Wanting to conjure up the image of putting your arms around any part of her.
And I don't think most people want to do that.
Of course you poked her with a stick.
The man.
Well, that's what he was hoping that Bill might do.
It was pepper with his stick, but probably didn't happen for a long time.
Anyway, so there's your take on Hillary.
And there's your sentence for today from her book.
I'm sure it's just imagine.
What a show.
How many years?
Huh?
You keep doing that.
I'm going to change the station.
Probably take about 80 years for me to finish the book going like that.
So, meaner boy saw Magnolia finally.
Or at least he claims he saw it.
George claims that they're back in a way up.
Yeah.
Finally did his homework.
And.
Like it a lot.
Like it a lot.
Well, see.
I don't know what that means because you also like trainspotting some.
You didn't even see a third of the movie.
You didn't even get to the best Doodoo part.
You have something I don't want to get to any Doodoo parts, okay?
Oh, before I get to the poll and the Doodoo stuff.
I'm not a Doodoo kind of guy.
Okay.
Peter Clayton.
He's not feeling good.
You should do your duty.
No.
In fact, I just did a little while ago.
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's memoir said a Barnes and Noble sales record for nonfiction books on its first day at
on store shelves.
The company said yesterday.
Clinton signed over a thousand copies of her book living history at a promotional event at a Barnes and Noble store in Midtown Manhattan.
The first day the book was on sale Monday.
The company said the former of the first ladies wet house memoirs sold more than 40,000 copies.
In the first 24 hours it was available instantly making it an in-house best seller.
Nationwide figures for other booksellers were not immediately available.
They paid a rate of $8 million for the apiece of crap.
And foreign rights to Clinton's book have already been sold in over a dozen countries.
Clinton's lawyer Robert Burnett said he also expected international sales to be extremely high.
And I would suggest this to most of you unless you have your own talk show, you'd probably have to be extremely high to go out and buy it.
I only bought it because I felt like I was doing my, like you said, duty.
And that's just about how I feel right now.
Speaking of bad movies do not go and waste your money on my own private Idaho, even if you're a professional,
don't waste your time on it.
Okay.
It's another one of those with an unacceptable ending.
I mean, it was okay.
I'm not saying it was really great.
It was worth watching until you got to like the last two minutes.
And then the last two minutes come around there and, well, what's this?
What's just happened here?
And then they kind of like the camera draws back and you like see something of what's going on down there.
And what happened?
And then it says have a nice day.
It's like a slap in the face at the end of the movie.
Actually, before the final credits, they go from the closing scene and it says have a nice day.
And then here come the credits.
Yeah.
What is that?
Criminal is what it is.
See, most filmmakers, even the really good ones, they don't know how to end the movie.
That's why some movies go on for like a hundred hours.
Right?
Because they just don't know.
I mean, this is really great stuff.
You know, but how do we end it?
How do we wrap it up?
It would be like if we got to two o'clock every day and we just couldn't stop.
Right.
By the way, Joe Rosas on again for the Mad Dog today.
I asked, I asked him off this morning.
I said, you know, I'm not that I'm jealous, but Mad Dog has taken this whole concept of mine
into less work and more pay to a ludicrous height.
I mean, he's just never on.
He works one, maybe two days a week and that's it because we got a Marlon's game.
And we're also not on again.
Joe Rosas for the Mad Dog this afternoon, his comment was, well, he's got a lot of days when he's got other obligations.
Other stuff.
Handy.
Yeah.
So tomorrow we're going to be busy doing other stuff.
We don't know what it is yet, but we're going to find some stuff.
We'll find something.
Yeah, we'll find something to do.
Like sleep would be good.
Sure.
So there's the story on Hillary.
Her book is selling like hotcakes and we have no idea why or, and I'll say it again.
I don't think very many men are buying her book straight.
Then you think fags are buying it.
Don't know.
Not them either.
Now the tubas you get married up here.
They don't have time for her book.
The tubas you don't do and hitched up.
So anyway, here's the poll today.
Now let me give you a little background on this.
Even though it's disgusting and grotesque and filthy and nauseating as it is.
And I hold both of you responsible.
In fact, let me take a look right now since Venerboy has sabotaged me on our website.
Let me take a look at where it says movie picks updated.
Yani, yani.
Well, I remember that.
See, I've only got two recent ones there and the rest of them there's like a big space in there.
Well, because you made them watch Magnolia.
And I fags you a whole additional list yesterday morning bright and early and they're still not on there.
But I'm looking on there and I'll see his train spotting.
I think it's an appear on either one of your shirt doesn't mine.
Huh?
I'm sure it does on mine.
Not mine.
Oh, it infects the very first one.
It's right on top of his list.
Oh, I thought he got to see it.
Boy, what a schmitty list that is.
I liked it.
I thought it was good, but there were better movies in that vein.
I don't want to see any movie in that vein.
Okay.
See, this goes back again to George's neurosis.
His obsession with ass.
I'm not the one to put it on his list eating it, sniffing it, licking it.
It was a tough one.
It wasn't a tough one.
And check it out.
See, I don't want to get too graphic here because we got to be deep crap if we say I'm talking about that.
You're obsessed with ass.
Let's face it.
You're going on way longer than I ever have.
See, I, and the interesting part about what a hypocrite you are.
As yesterday, I was talking about that scene from Rules of Attraction where James, whatever the hell his name is, Vanderbeek.
He's like taking a dump which that seems to be the new deal now.
Huh?
I don't like poo poo stuff.
I like train spotting.
He's taking a dump and I mentioned that he kind of like reaches back and you got like all squishy and squeamish about that.
You should have seen me watching train spotting.
I practically put it on.
Oh, you should have seen me.
You have never seen anybody reach for remote control as fast as I did.
It took me two tries to get through it as well as now.
I might have took it by ice.
I might have like looked away during that scene.
I don't want to talk about it.
Yeah, let me do the break and then I'll try to try to boost my courage.
I'll drop a little acid or something.
Oh.
Boost my courage to be able to describe.
Just I don't want to describe in glory detail.
Do not see train spotting because you'll be bed spotting.
You'll be a pantaloonie spotting and you'll see that.
That's later on.
Yeah, it gets a scene.
Oh, thank goodness.
I'm not watching it.
And I started out trying to watch ravenous right in the middle of my very, I just a little, not a big dinner, just a little supper.
And I'm trying to start and trying to watch ravenous.
I guess my timing was bad.
So I get to that one another day, maybe.
1013 at 560 WQM.
A lot of people do like delicious meat.
You know, they like to go out and barbecue it on the grill, especially in the summer months.
Like between what is it March and the December in South Florida when it's hotter and hell.
Barbecue's galore is the place you find all your good stuff for barbecue and all that good stuff.
Maybe even people.
And you'll find lots of stuff in this store that you won't find anyplace else because nobody else has got them.
This way, check out the incredible deal on the three burner barbecue shaft at barbecue's galore and exclusive in the store.
It's only $199.
With 42,000 BTUs, the 625 square inch cooking area, and built in hood thermometer, you can't beat this deal for a liquid propane grill.
It'll be the best in the hood.
Or for your traditionalist out there, check out the new beef master charcoal grill.
Another barbecue's galore exclusive.
It's only $199.
With more than 600 square inches of cooking space, cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate and a full width ash catcher.
Both of these grills will make a perfect gift for dad's day too.
And speaking of father's day, barbecue's galore has got a great gift idea.
The idea is a crap load of great gift ideas for dad and all price ranges.
Many of them under 50 bucks for you, Pikers out there.
Barbecues, galore carries the biggest selection of barbecue's accessories they got it all for.
They got gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies, and the best part of the deal is it's always at the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe.
Also, be sure why you do there to take advantage of no payments, same as gas financing, until January of 2004 on approved credit.
They got stores and plantation and university, drab at a fountain shopping center, and a crawl springs corner sample in Rock Island roads.
Everything you're looking for for the summer barbecue in season and audio round, you'll find these two great stores Barbecues galore.
But can't stand that slow.
Hi, this is Hillary Clinton.
I hope when you run out to buy my book, you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat f*** swinging under my skirt.
But you can't blame Bill, he's certainly not gay.
I just had the credentials every politician needs to feel wife of convenience, and it's pretty much ended with that.
Bill is such a horn dog, he probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway.
And Chelsea, well if you buy my book, you can read all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhard and our lunch child.
Now, I wasn't born a Democrat, I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tipo Nio.
So buy my book now, because I can never have enough.
If you order a copy today, I will personally autograph the all-newed scratch and sniff hold out.
We should...
1018 at 560 WQM Swing, where I got this little supper prepared last night, a few strips of bacon, some provolone cheese, you know, just a snack.
And I'm sitting there in front of my TV and I pop in the movie Ravenous with Guy Pierce.
See, first of all it's a civil war movie.
Okay, I'm not into civil war movie, I'm not into war movie, well I mean WW1 or 2 might be okay, but civil war I'm not into those kind of movies.
It's like I shoot them up movies, you know, cowboy and Indians.
You didn't like all the way in.
So, but that was a whole different open.
And as a matter of fact, if I were to watch it again, I wouldn't like it.
I watched it about 100 years ago.
Anyway, let me finish my story about Ravenous, please, and then I'll get to train spotting Jesus.
So I pop in the movie and I'm sitting there and I put the first piece of bacon in my push and I'm chewing on it.
And very early in the movie, here comes this scene where they're sitting down at the table, all the soldiers.
And they're all just chewing.
I mean, not just chewing on these steaks, but they're just going nuts like this, it's the first meal in about 20 years.
And Guy Pierce looks down on the plate and here's this nasty, I mean, not just rare, but like raw steak on a plate with blood.
And he starts cutting into it.
Now he envisions he's fantasizing that's like a human being.
And at that point, I thought to myself as I'm chewing on my piece of bacon, I think maybe I'll pop this out of there and watch it a little bit later, you know.
I don't think in the middle of supper is a good time to be watching this flick.
Maybe when you're having steak.
Right.
Nice rare.
Sure.
So I thought, well, everybody's been raving about train spotting and encouraging me.
They said, you told me that if I like the shallow grave, because it's by the same director, I love train spotting.
That was Carlos.
I didn't say that.
I said it was by the same director, but it's that you didn't say that.
Don't try.
You're the same one.
Now you're denying about kids in the gummo and then all that other crap.
Don't know what I'm thinking.
Yeah.
So I pop in train spotting.
I don't know how many minutes it is in the that scene that I'm talking about.
First of all, you can't understand the goddamn thing that's been seen because they got those heavy Irish and Scottish bro.
You can't understand a freaking thing you're saying.
And then number two, it's a crap movie.
I mean, you talk about movies that are crap.
This one is literally crap.
Seriously.
I don't want to get that far.
Okay, now I'll trick your word for it.
So we get into a scene, you know, of course it's the drugs.
Every movie's got to be about drugs.
That's all you guys know.
See, I'm not going to take your advice anymore because since you're both a bunch of drugies, I'm not that that's the only kind of movies you like is drug movies.
Not the only kind of life.
That's probably why you didn't like the ending of Magnolia's because they didn't have like some gigantic orgy of a rampant acid or whatever drug going on in that movie.
I like it.
Yeah, he liked it.
You're still not getting paid.
So anyway, about five minutes into this movie, this is the lead, I guess he's the lead character.
And he's taken a opium enema.
Okay.
He's got an opium suppository.
That don't bother me.
You know, what do you do with an opium suppository?
And he did.
You know, he sticks it very delicately in his pants and he shoves out a possess and he had been constipated from all the other drugs he was doing.
But now, of course, once you stick the suppository up there, just like printing your puppy, which I keep telling you really works, all of a sudden like that urge in your pants starts moving, you know.
It's actually the withdrawals that make everything open up and come out.
Are you ready to admit that?
Do we have to hear all the gory details of this?
The blow by blow?
You're born.
Jesus.
So now he's really, and of course I can relate to my several.
I can relate to this part.
You've heard my two denny stories, the one in Oakland, the one in Orlando where I had the flood coming out from under the guy named Florida T-Room.
Right.
So I've had, we've all had those emergencies.
Sometimes you make it.
Sometimes you don't like the time that I was driving home and I just decided let it go.
You know what?
What's the point?
Can't hold it no more.
So I didn't bother me and he goes.
He's looking and he's hoping he's fantasizing about a beautiful restroom, you know, with golden fixtures and really clean and porcelain walls.
You know, he's describing what he's hoping for, but he goes into this dive, this bar and he goes back to the T-Room.
And it's the filthiest damn toilet you've ever seen in your life.
Now, when we got to the part again, keep in mind, I'm still eating my bacon and my cheese.
Should have eaten them back.
And he looks down in the toilet.
I mean, oh, it looks like this thing hasn't been cleaned in about 100 years.
Okay.
Like maybe George Washington left some deposits in there.
Now he finally, he doesn't want to do it, but he's just so desperate.
He's got no choice.
He doesn't want to put his ass anywhere near that bowl.
And of course, it has no seat, you know, of course.
And of course, and he sits down on it and now he's doing his number, which we very graphically can see that he's doing his thing.
And now, I don't even think I want to describe this.
Now he gets down on his hands and knees and I'm assuming he's looking for the...
Sapo, sapo.
Yeah, man.
He's looking for his opium depository.
He's got a lot of hate.
So now he's... I can't describe it.
I cannot say this on here.
I just can't describe what he's doing.
Okay.
He's reaching in the bowl and he's like fishing around trying to fight over like somebody lost...
Like somebody lost a diamond ring in the bowl.
Okay, maybe now then I can understand how desperate you'd be.
Oh, this is about a $2,000 diamond ring.
Or maybe if someone of those old parts dropped their false teeth in the bowl, I can understand that.
Happens all the time in South Florida.
But for a... I mean, and at that point, I reached for the remote and I went...
Plus like that, smashed that thing down and stopped it.
And just ejected that DVD factor that you can say, crap.
That's what he did to his depository.
Oh, man.
And I'm thinking to myself, this is your idea of a great movie.
You're critiquing and criticizing Magnolia because you didn't like the ending.
And you're recommending this movie?
You have to get out of that movie?
That hope.
And then before the show this morning, he admits to me that this isn't even the worst scene, the worst crap scene.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no.
It gets better.
It's getting better.
I don't want to see Dooney movies.
Okay, maybe that's your bag, evidently.
I'm not into that.
So that's our poll question for today.
So far, I've only got one on there and that's the one I put on.
Yeah.
What was the grossest, sickest, most disgusting, non-porno movie of all time?
I'm sure we'll get some other suggestions.
Sure.
Train spotting.
That's the only... I mean, very rarely do I make a poll like this and there's only one.
Because I... I can't think of anything even to come close to it.
But of course, there are a lot of people who haven't seen that.
Thank goodness.
So I'm sure they'll have other suggestions.
What was the grossest, sickest, most disgusting, non-porno movie of all time?
Train spotting.
And I'm sure we'll also have some people saying, oh, you're wrong.
They'll be able to just stuck with it. It's a great movie.
Uh, no, I've seen enough drug movies in the last two weeks, okay?
It's the last of lifetime.
Yeah.
I mean, at this point, I'm just praying if I could find a movie that doesn't have drugs.
Not that I really care that much about it, but it just gets a little bit ponderous.
That doesn't have like all the characters just like obsessed with drugs or any duty scene.
If I could just find one that doesn't have any do those, I'd say, hey, here's a great flick.
A lot of this was some lots of those on my list that don't have drugs or duty.
I mean, you can only imagine in Requiem for a Dream, for example,
that Sarah with all the drugs that she was taking probably hits.
In fact, she probably had some conversations with my mother on the phone about how to solve her problems.
But we did, at least we weren't burdened with having to see that or experience it, you know?
I'm not sure. Seriously, this to me, that was the most nauseating scene I've ever seen.
And the fact that you're telling me that you liked it?
Not because of it, but in spite of it.
Now, couldn't get past it.
I mean, he wasn't just like, I know.
I mean, there's no delicate way to describe.
First of all, when you looked at the bowl even before he sat on it, drove me from the room the first time.
Oh, and now he's like doing his search.
Doesn't he understand that once you insert something like that in your body anyway,
it's going to start to melt from your body.
He doesn't understand that.
No, he doesn't.
He knows.
He knows all of it.
Oh, man, the pain of addiction.
The pain of addiction.
The pain of being addicted.
The pain of being addicted.
The pain of being addicted.
So I hope you really enjoy that one.
Now, seriously, we got some sick people in the audience.
They'll probably be there probably out of way to the store right now to get it.
Train spotting.
Trust me, you'll love it.
1027 at 560 WDQM.
Hey, listen, fast train can help you find a real life.
Maybe they can't help you find your opium suppository.
But they can help you find a real great job.
And they can get you the training too.
Call fast train today.
Have yourself fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
And like we've been telling you on this show for years now,
computer enlist our bigger demand than ever before.
So if you want to get yourself a real paycheck and a real career,
here's the deal.
Call 1-866 fast train.
They've got locations in Miami, Kindle, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke Pines.
And they offer you a job placement assistance, financial convenience,
and evening weekend classes.
No excuse to stay in any dead-end crappy job.
No more.
Because a new career and a big fat one and a paycheck too is just a phone call and four months away.
I wonder if you've had a big fat one in that bowl.
Jump on the fast train today and call fast train.
Okay, toll free 1-866 fast train or check them out on that wicked web at fasttrained.com.
I could not stop scratching my swollen scrolled awareness.
A diaper for my wee wee.
Grabbing every banana that I see swinging.
Like a bad boot in the trees.
There's no cure for this new designer disease going.
1032-560.
Send your prairie dog away for the summertime.
Okay, probably not a bad idea.
Here are a couple of suggestions on a fax machine.
Pink flamingos, which I didn't see.
I'll be voting for that.
Really?
Yeah.
Even more disgusting than grossed and transbiting?
Oh yeah.
Here, let me put it to you this way.
What would be grosser than those scenes that you saw in transbiting?
Oh, if we actually saw what was inside the bowl.
No, grossed and not.
Take it to the limit.
I don't want to hear about it.
All right.
And whatever happened to Baby Jane, which obviously I did see that.
That was a great movie.
But again, when she picks the lid up off the supper tray, you know.
Uh-huh.
And there's a dead rat on her plate.
I guess that would gross out a few people.
I mean, not even close to what I'm saying.
I don't think we're ready.
We'll ease into whatever you want to tell me about pink flamingos a little bit later on.
So divine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Rhymes with.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, for Evan's six, Neil.
Sorry, I've been holding for a while and kind of locked it there.
Don't be sorry.
Uh-uh.
Trainsbiting, yeah.
Totally bogus, lame movie.
Just a series of F-bombs delivered through toothless grins throughout the movie.
And the only...
The only...
I've never seen a movie that I saw before.
I just couldn't handle anymore.
There was nothing but guys shooting up and everybody getting stoned and...
And this guy taking a crap.
And that was it.
There's better drug movies than that.
I don't recall the name of one of them.
But Jason Patrick and like Jennifer Jason Lee did one where there were a couple of bad cops.
Oh, God.
Was that name that O'Gonna Roger?
Was that name that O'Gonna Roger was in it?
It was called Rush.
Rush?
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Magnolia was a great movie.
The movie that completely confused me as to why anyone thought it was decent.
It was Moe Hall and Drive.
I watched the whole thing and I sat there and said this is more of this David Lynch like crap
where everyone walked away going, always a genius.
He's...
He's doing things on a whole different level than we do.
I saw it, but it was...
I don't know, it was strange.
I didn't mind it, but it was bizarre.
Hey, I just got one point for you here about the Hillary thing, if I could explain it.
Go ahead.
I think she's a bit of everything on your pole and...
It's except for brilliant.
Yeah, ultimately when you look at the situation from two different perspectives,
one that's positive and one that's negative, either, she didn't know.
And she was legitimately surprised, shocked, and an object of sympathy for all of us.
She's probably not just a husband, right?
Which is completely impossible.
After all the years of cheating with Jennifer Flowers and everything else.
Right.
Then on the alternative, she's a liar.
Or who just, you know, sits there and takes the abuse and you have to say to yourself,
then she doesn't care.
She's an asexual bitch.
Who is powerhunter in the whole time she had a hand in the middle of his back.
At least her nose wasn't growing like Pinocchio or like Bubba's was.
That's it, man.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Good talk to me.
Too many drug movies.
Okay, let's give us a rest from that crap.
See, I know that it makes me an old foggy and the...
Although, you know, back in the 60s it was an end.
It was fashionable.
But I guess I was too much like Tommy Kramer.
You know, I just never went to all of that.
So I don't even like being around people who are like really heavy into drugs.
Please.
This is why I stay away from you guys.
Yeah.
But, but see in movies about it, unless there's like a story.
I mean, like, you know, there's a great story.
Two different great stories.
And in Magnolia, there's nine different stories.
And not all of them have to do with drugs necessarily.
So here's a list of gross and disgusting pink flamingos with divine, desperate living.
Never seen anybody see it?
No.
Okay.
Well, it says both John Waters movies.
So I'm sure that they both qualify.
So I'll put desperate living.
Because we're desperate to start building a list.
We can't just have train spotting on there.
It says, fair.
Fabulous, fun and gross.
It says, Simone.
Fabulous, fun and gross.
Pretty much anything John Waters pre polyesteric.
Okay.
So divine walks up to this dog.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Don't want to hear about it.
It wasn't bad enough that your little dog peed on Carlos' leg last night.
That wasn't bad enough.
That was a like on the bastard.
Yeah.
Little, little fluffy blonde.
There's a response to that.
John, I mean, I'm a dog lover.
But the response of that is you kick it in the head.
Not real hard, not hard, not hard, not injured.
But you know, you kick it in the head.
George's wife would have kicked my ass.
Hard enough to make sure it never does it again.
What a scene.
I mean, it would have been a kind of dog that I really like.
But it's a pomerian.
So you kick it in the head.
That's a great new jeans.
Maybe not a little homo.
It's a piece of crap.
Thanking him for being a part of that big rescue, big exciting rescue,
and thanked him in his own special way.
Something warm, warm, running down my leg.
What the hell?
And of course, it looks like I pissed in my pants.
Isn't that what the guy in the transplantation?
That was his problem.
It was something warm running down his leg.
Someone with teeth Carlos said, hey, you're in the front of your pants.
And we would have had to say, yeah, but it's not mine.
There are fewer things worse than when you have that episode
like I had in the car that time and then you get home,
you get into the garage,
and you have to get out of the car and stand up.
You know?
Oh, no.
My suggestion is if you ever have that happening,
be sure and take off your shoes first before you do that,
before you stand up.
Five, six, seven, see, like for example, Amsterdam,
everywhere you walk, there's a dog crap all over the street.
It's just the part of the ambiance of the whole city.
Nice.
And now seriously, it fits right in.
Everything stinks.
But my philosophy is if you ever see it because there are cheap people out there,
or people are hard up for cash, and they'll step in dog crap,
and then they'll try to clean off the shoes.
Guess what?
Bad move.
Bad move.
Because you can scour, you can wash, you can write.
You can take one of those little picks and pick for,
you can pick it until the cows come home,
and it's never going to be the same.
It's always going to have that aroma, you know?
If you hit it with the hose right instantly.
And like if you're sitting on a bus or on a subway somewhere
where they have public transportation, and you cross your legs,
you've got the newspaper, you cross the road.
And your shoe is facing head up, you know?
Yeah.
Forget about it.
And somebody starts looking around, like, what,
what a nice step in what's going on in here?
You're never going to get rid of it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the 18 and 10 for rise in line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir?
Listen, I won in the early 70s, I was about seven or eight years old,
and my parents used to go out on Saturday night and leave my oldest brother home to babysit me.
And it was one Saturday night, his high school buddies had come over and they said,
listen, we want to go to the movies to see pink flamingos.
And he said, now, now I can't go out to watch my little brother anyway.
They decided to take me along.
They snuck me into the movie theater and I think I was about seven or eight years old.
And there was Smoke and Pa and Weary and Popcorn and Candy and so on and so forth.
And there's a thing, pink flamingos, at the end of the movie,
where divinely, down and picks up dog poop and eats it.
But Hollywood, when she does that, I throw up and poop my pants in the movie theater.
And I can remember it's the funniest and most disgusting thing that really has ever happened in my life.
So I thought that would be a nice way to ease in a discussion of pink flamingos.
Yeah, that's a beautiful way to ease right into it.
It's a guy, man, by the way.
Thanks for the good news, okay? Go wash it off.
Man, are we full of crap today or what?
And of course it wasn't fake because...
I don't want to hear about whether it was real or for a second.
Please, we were at this point when you're on a loan, okay?
When you want to get candy this summer, you go right ahead and go into a lengthy discussion of this.
The nice knowing it.
No thanks.
Talk about excretory activity.
Even this last guy, why did we have to hear a quite so graphic, you know?
Although this is kind of like between breakfasts and lunchtime.
It's like that in between time.
Probably Eric's in the middle of one of his brunches now.
I'm probably getting swooning from all these conversations.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I think he's probably got me beat already.
The only good thing is that most of us haven't seen pink flamingos.
In fact, you know what?
It makes me curious.
Yeah.
I got to reach down here and get my 6,000 pounds.
Oh, that thing.
Am I the one with the bones, you know?
I never would have watched a John Waters movie just on my own.
Someone that's a big fan.
Phoenix, pink jungle, pink Floyd, pink flamingos, two bones.
Divine, the dainty 300 pound transvestite faces the biggest challenge of his slash her career
when he slash, she competes with the title of world's filthiest person.
Tasteless, crude and hysterical film.
This one, Eric Waters, his title is Prince of Puk.
If there were any doubts about this honor or divine's rep, watch through to the end.
The catch divine chewing.
Ah, there you go.
Real dog excrement.
All at the time wearing, you know what?
After, oh, I you know what eating grin, I shmit eating grin.
That's cute.
That's what it says about it in my 2,000 pound book, The Helen one.
1042, 18 to 11 at 560 WQAM.
Let me tell you now, fat is your problem and boy.
So many of us are gigantic.
Maybe not as big as the Viner Algulstein, but big.
You want to lose the weight.
You've tried the Atkins.
You've tried the grapefruit diet.
You've tried the Weight Watchers.
You've tried them all.
And you're still fat as a cow.
And you're frustrated and depressed.
Try balance for life because it's easy.
You don't have to count calories or carbs.
We're doing any shopping in the store.
You don't even have to leave the house.
All you have to do is go to the door and reach over your big fat ass and pick up your little black sack every morning.
They deliver it right to your door by 6 a.m.
You fill out a menu every week.
You have two choices for each meal.
That's the only choice you have to make.
Because in your black sack, there are three delicious gourmet meals.
Everything fresh and really great.
And two delicious snacks.
So you get five feedings for the entire day.
Plenty of good food to keep you happy and satisfied and full throughout the entire day.
While the weight pours off your body.
Because this is all scientifically balanced based on the zone diet.
So if you're sick and tired of being fat and lethargic out of shape diabetic.
If you feel like you want to lay in the corner all the time because you have no energy.
If you have clothes that are like puppets.
Here's the answer for you.
Balance for life might be the answer you've been looking for for a long time.
Call them today and get started.
Loser right away.
Call 9-5-4-568-3-2-29.
9-5-4-568-3-2-29.
Or check them out on the web if you like it.
Balance for life.com.
Live and local.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
After turning television inside out with his confrontational often shocking comedy sketches,
Tom Green is turning into a far more traditional genre,
the hour-long late-night talk show.
Did you see this?
No, but your psychic powers prevail again.
Yes.
I just hold a fax about Tom Green right off the facts machine.
I'll be there.
While you started reading that.
The new Tom Green show, while they're a weeknight starting at midnight on June 23rd on MTV.
Then it worked at first aired his self-titled Canadian TV series in the US in 1990s.
We were captivated by Tom and we first saw him on his Canadian show, John Miller.
MTV's executive as president of series development animation said,
Monday the talk show with a twist is what Tom does best.
And we're sad to be working with him again.
Yada Yada.
There you go.
Says he's jumping in with already crowded feel of young late-night talk show host
at a club comedian Jimmy Kimmel on ABC.
MTV's own obnoxious Carson daily on NBC.
The show won't compete with Delis, which years at 1.30 a.m.
Not late enough.
I think that Carson daily, if he must be on it all, his show should be on just about the 10 that Moe is getting out of the sack.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miami Lake. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, good morning.
I think I think one of the most grossest.
I mean, I've seen after seeing this moving the theater, I saw people getting up running out getting sick with the exercises.
Yeah.
That in me was.
You're right.
No, I saw a lot of kids.
They were mostly young crowd and for a lot of the day when I saw that one was in the theaters.
And you're right, there were kids actually puking their guts out.
Yeah, so that made that top the list.
Okay, thanks.
You bet.
I guess those kids just hadn't been exposed to a lot of pea soup during their lives.
They probably never lived in Holland or visited.
Oh, that's a national dishes pea soup.
This is why the food there sucks so bad.
And maybe that explains why the people look so bad and malnourished.
Let's say Prairie Dog readings from Madison, Wisconsin says this fact.
Listen to you show every day on the internet.
My coworkers think I have terrible gas.
Probably they're right.
Freddie got fingered the grossest movie ever.
See Tom Green.
And you're right, I did my psychic powers kicked in again because I had that story sitting here for like, you know, two hours.
Freddie got fingered.
The big box office smash.
Yeah, Tom Green since he left that the Canadian show his original comedy or Canadian comedy channel.
Right.
He's never been the same again because American TV did him what they do just about everybody else.
They make them a lot less talented and a lot less funny.
Because I brought you those tapes long.
Remember the guy used to send me those?
Right.
A panic.
Right.
He was hysterical.
The show would make you like pee in your pants or maybe uncle.
But MTV just made him into a guy that was pretty predictable and not very funny.
And nobody talks about him anymore, including you very more.
Although he does have one lovely nut.
Here's the fact that did you see Madonna just signed a contract to commercials with a GAT?
Think about the amount of possible jokes that could lead you just start with the teeth and move south.
Saw the last days of Elvis.
They claimed Elvis didn't take a crap for months before he died because he was so hopped up on mids.
Elvis Schooled Farb.
Paul suggested about Schmidt.
Kathy Bates gets naked.
What could be worse?
About Schmidt.
Is that for serious?
Or is that a joke?
Oh, I don't know.
Never saw it.
Never saw it.
PSI was surfing your site last night, stumbled across possibly the funniest phone call ever named the bridge tender.
I invite everyone to listen to this clip.
Classic.
Maybe you could play it.
Thanks.
No, we can't.
Thank you, man.
Do you know that people like that victim bridge center?
Oh, yeah.
Really?
Yeah, let's get that pole up there.
Let's start getting this thing on a road here, Eric.
Okay.
Let's get the show on a road here.
It's almost a little bit of clock already for crying out loud.
Okay.
Not that I want to play bushboss here, anything.
But I just get to feel like certain people are like in slow mo.
You know what I mean?
Slow mo.
You've seen slow mo.
Look for the QM Panda.
They knew to want it to be a pizza loft on the northeast corner of sunrise and uphill in plantation.
Stop by to pick up tickets to upcoming Marlon's home game and register to win a free large cheese pizza.
No wonder one of the pizza loft in plantation.
And then also this afternoon later on,
join George McGell, Boca Brian, Beener Boy.
And I'll leave anybody out now.
For happy hour five to seven, a treasure island located off the Palmetto just north of 120 seconds to be next.
And stop by to win prizes and check out this week's feature, Tarot Wild.
And from what we're here, and she is wild.
Yeah, and they could.
And they could.
And actually it doesn't have a penis.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and Verizon wireless line.
That poll is still down.
You know what Carlos?
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning.
You ever listen to NPR radio at all?
No, never.
Well, two weeks ago, there was a folk singer introduced and he sang a song.
And he dedicated it to your favorite friend, Ashcroft.
And in the one who Ashcroft was about to give his speech,
he noticed that behind him there was a statue of the lady, you know, with the scales.
And her breast was exposed.
Yeah, that is right.
And he wouldn't speak until it was covered.
Right.
And then he covered it up and he proceeded to talk.
And the audience knew that at least they were going to get to see one bulb.
This he got from NPR folks.
Oh, now you understand why I don't listen to NPR.
So what's the next line in that Hillary book?
No, you only get one a day.
Uh-oh.
No, that's it.
I already put it away.
Okay.
I already used my little yellow accent marker.
And it's that's it.
Oh, here's a list.
Look at this.
Zombies.
Should we put all of these on her?
Might as well.
And I can wear, I'm making any progress on this poll today.
And I'm sure that there must be lots of really disgusting, gross movies.
Some that were so nauseating that you actually got up and walked out.
Or if you're watching on DVD like I would or on video tape, just shut it right off.
I can't be the possibly be the only person.
Believe me, I'm not a goody two shoes.
I'm not easily grossed out.
It takes an awful lot.
Violence.
Don't bother me.
But when it comes to that's where I draw the line.
Okay, right at the top of the bowl.
That's where I draw the line.
I have a pretty good idea what it looks like.
I've seen plenty of it.
I've deposited plenty of it in my life.
Believe you me.
But I don't want to like see it.
I don't want to know from it.
I sure I saw the one people like fishing around it.
And I definitely don't want to find out about people like Kevin like a little snack.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, God.
Oh, well, that's what you're talking about.
Pink flamingo.
Yeah.
I wasn't ready for that.
I'm okay.
I'm splashed on you as you're having breakfast.
Because you could watch the end of train spotting.
Now his parents already gone to Omaha for the college world series because if he's in the building, which I doubt,
but if he was in the building, I'd remind him to make sure you don't get paid again on the 25th.
Here's a fact from Peter Remimey Beach, who says I don't know if it's considered a movie,
but there was a series of videos called Faces of Death.
Yeah, Faces of Death would be good.
Parts 1 through 100.
We don't have to put like which part.
Faces of Death.
I'm glad he reminds us of that because you got to be really sick.
And I'm sure that both the parents at both Carlos and George of CNOS, at least one minute of any one of them.
Really?
Really?
Too proud.
I'm really proud of you.
Because I would have thought that a real degenerate like you would have watched.
Sorry.
Could have watched it for free.
People brought it over.
I said, no, no.
Don't put that in my VCR.
Don't want to see people getting off.
No.
No.
Fake violence.
You know, if it's the story, that's one thing.
It says they showed some real gross stuff.
They showed a boy getting circumcised.
Women having an abortion.
People missing limbs.
Torture.
All kinds of sick stuff.
Came out in the 80s.
Maybe you can find it in your bone book.
Thanks Peter.
That's what it might be about.
Faces of Death.
In fact, they were some of the biggest sellers of all time.
To show you how many sick vacations we got out there.
People don't want to see other people getting murdered.
Getting killed.
That's lovely.
It's a beautiful thing.
10.56.
Aloe is far as the dismembering and things like that.
I guess it depends on who the victim is.
Oh yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Why?
I guess it all depends on who the person is.
Who's having his head chopped off or whatever.
I can't stop.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Speaking of really bad and embarrassing hair pieces.
You know, when a man is considering here replacement
his greatest concern is how naturally it's going to look.
Well, other people will be able to tell where they laugh at you.
You can always spot a bad hair system believe me.
But how many good ones go undetected because it looks for real?
Charles Opere designed and supplied hair system to show up in his celebrities for more than 35 years.
And his appearance as a guest on Good Morning America.
Be today's show and CBS Morning News.
Introducing his patented hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system available anywhere.
And right now, Charles is offering a summer special hair system for only $549 for the first time customers.
And if you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of hair systems,
including shampoo and trim. He'll make that muskrat look really lively.
In fact, remember Sarah? Maybe she should have gone to Charlie instead of getting that orange dye.
It's the perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try.
Charles Opere is guaranteed is this.
If you try one of his hair systems for 30 days, don't absolutely love the way it looks and feels and smells.
You return it for a full refund. No questions asked.
Chuck Opere, the benchmark of the industry can help to improve your looking confidence, make you look a lot better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Say goodbye to your bald spot forever and call Charles Opere.
Change your life forever. 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 or log on to his prestigious website, Charles Opere.com.
That's my life and look all. This is 43560.
Way to AM.
Were you fudged back tonight on every channel on television?
It's the new reality show you've seen a million times.
It's several money-hungry girls and one boring guy.
Hi there.
Several money-hungry girls and one boring guy featuring super hot babes.
If you switch your eyes, competing for one extremely rich and excruciatingly dull guy.
Why don't you come in the hot cell with us?
Nah, I'd rather sit here and be extremely rich and excruciatingly dull.
Which money-hungry girl with a one boring guy choose to ever into a relationship that could potentially last upwards of two days before they get sick of each other?
I really think that you're the perfect man for our future kids to spend alternating weekends with.
Don't try changing the station. It's on every channel.
Several money-hungry girls and one boring guy.
It's the very best thing the TV programmers can come up with.
Yeah, unfortunately.
11-1-1-560.
WDQM. Happy Wednesday, too. Don't forget it's our big Wednesday.
I wanted to our come up today.
Here's the facts that says.
By the way, this is a defining moment in the history of our show today, which you'll find out why in just a second or two.
Think about things to do in Denver when you're dead.
See that?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's...
It's got some disgusting crap in it.
Oh, good. Let's get that on there right away.
Things to do.
It's not a bad movie at all.
Okay.
Andy Garcia, Christopher Walken, Treat William Steve, Buscemi, Christopher Lloyd.
It's a...ah, we're talking fecal either.
You're in recycling and leprosy.
Oh, boy.
The scene in this movie where George is a little parmaradian, peas on Carlos's leg.
Things to do in Denver when you're dead.
Put that on there, okay?
Now, when I say...and also here's a fact from Jeff and Lauderdale, who says,
What about the movie, Ravenus?
Yeah, that's the one I popped in there first last night, right in the middle of my supper.
And after about five minutes, took that baby right out of there, too.
Lots of blood and grower made me gag several times.
Says, I may not be watching the rest of that, you know?
See, I don't want to watch a movie just to be grossed out unless there's some good reason for it.
You follow what I'm saying, in other words, the exorcist.
You could be grossed out by the exorcist.
I mean, you know, if you're that uptight about pea soup, right?
A little boy.
Maybe uptight about the crucifixine or whatever it is that gets you nauseous.
Like when she mungs the pea soup all over father Miran's, you know, his...what do you call that thing?
That's smatha.
There you go.
Yeah, the smatha around his neck.
His cassock, isn't that what they call it?
Oh, sorry.
Well, what are you laughing about?
You're supposed to be a catlick boy, okay?
Just because you turned your back on the church doesn't mean you forget.
You never forget.
I was thinking of the brainwashing job.
But anyway, so speaking of what I was talking about as far as a turning point in history of the show,
see, I'm just really discovering right now how we're slowed down by this multi-step process
we have to do to the polar day, which really is a drag on this show.
We've got some enormous momentum going now, you know?
We got moe jammed in there and we hours of the morning everybody's asleep
and he's busy trying to suck for all his ass with jank going to work.
And then we got like a real lead in now from eight until ten.
The US open starts tomorrow and fired up about that.
And see, there you go.
That's pretty exciting.
We got a real lead in, a real guy there from eight to ten who actually likes this show
and they're talks about this and there's a little bit of a crossover even.
But the pole problem is that it's very frustrating to me to like, you know, keep going through this thing.
What's the reason for this?
If Carlos had the ability to keep adding to the pole,
we wouldn't have this multi-stage process and we wouldn't want to have to bother anybody
who's busy with all this very busy corporate accounts, right?
Yeah.
I mean, how long would it take to add these, you know, as we go, as opposed to see why
should something that's a one-step process have to be like take ten steps?
Follow what I'm saying.
I'm sure you do.
Yeah.
So it's starting to get very frustrating to me because for the longest damn time
I'm sitting here in the pole, isn't even up there yet.
And I'm watching trainspotting.
Well, I'm the one that said trainspotting in the first guy damn place
and these people are calling.
I've got a list here of, do we have the exercise just on there yet?
No.
Do we have, uh, Freddie got fingered?
No.
Faces of death?
No.
Parts one through a hundred.
A rabbit is things to do in, uh, Orlando when you're dead?
I mean, in Denver?
So, what do you say?
I want that happening as soon as possible.
I'll talk to Eric.
No, we don't talk to Eric.
Eric, tell Eric.
This is the way we're going to do it.
Okay.
Tell Eric.
Since I will not communicate with him.
Because he does it as a labor of love.
I think it's basically a labor of hogbery is what it is.
Paranoia.
Terror that Carlos might actually be.
Since you're doing all the work on the website anyway, what's the problem?
He still gets the benefit from it up there, sitting on his fat ass.
Let's get this thing going the way it's supposed to work for us.
Not the way it works for him in between all of his other very important clients.
Follow what?
Not that I want to get pissed off on the ear here again with Eric, but I am.
Because it's frustrating to see here.
This is supposed to be like the meat and potatoes, the bread and the butter, the heart and the soul, the, uh, yin and the yang.
Of our show with the polls and the website and the whole thing which we get in this enormous response from.
Not like we used to get when we had that dead ass horse ball website.
That was an embarrassment.
They used to talk about how Neil's got 75 years left on his contract and something else, you know?
Horrible stuff.
And I'm, you know, there's just a certain amount of jealousy because as we've discussed before one year,
the computer nerds are like very, very paranoid about each other.
They're hysterical.
Yeah, we are afraid that you're going to get all the credit, which I don't know why you have to worry about that because you get it anyway now because you're the only one doing anything on it.
Oh, I take that back.
He's doing something on.
He's holding us back.
He's impeding our progress.
I could mention one of these.
You could have it on there immediately.
For example, here's this list of the zombie, Hannibal, evil dead, bad taste,
I zombie, a chronicle of pain, dead alive, the fly and crippled.
Here's the facts that said, no, so how are we going to do this?
Because George has got this facts.
Are you like going to pass these all along?
Of course they've already passed a lot to Eric.
Forget about Eric.
Eric, Eric's not to do a change in a poll anymore.
Okay, that's your responsibility now.
I just made it official.
I just announced it to the world.
Yeah, that's right.
Just, see, now you've got the power.
George waved his little magic wand.
How'd you know it's little?
I heard.
Mode told me.
Damn it.
21 votes, the most disgusting, grosser, vulgar movie non-porno ever made was Pink flamingo 7,
Trainspotting 7, desperate living 2, whatever happened to baby Jane, a pair, Hannibal 1,
I zombie, a chronicle of pain, faces of death have won.
Well, so at least some of those did get on there.
That's good.
Now who did that?
Well, I had sent them up a while ago, so I guess I got another zero cathos on it.
And I tell you he's doing a hell of a job.
Hey, Eric, let Carlos handle the poll.
Okay, and quit being such a hard ass, quit being such a prick, quit being such a paranoid computer nerd.
We appreciate all your efforts in the past, but in the meantime, just sit back and take the credit and let the
Some other flunky do all the work.
Here's the fact that it says from Mike from Hylia, I recently turned my, I've recently turned my boss on the Eisner bitch.
He loves the most her birthday last Friday.
Can you please play the one where Mike Mickey keeps insisting fire him, fire him, or any other Mickey bit for that matter?
Thanks, please don't ever retire.
Keep hammering mode, nothing like a good radio soap opera.
It's not a soap opera. See, Mike, I hate to break the news to you.
It is not a soap opera.
We all despise him like poison.
He's everything we've said and in some PS micron end is a bag of douche.
Okay, there you go.
Got it.
What?
I'll play that in the one to two hour when we play our good.
So you'll have to be listening for a while, pal.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT and T in for rising world is flying.
Pink flamingos 12, transporting seven out of the pool is finally up there.
And we're finally starting to make a little bit of progress a little bit later than we should have.
Follow what I'm saying.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT and Verizon line.
Four-letter day. Hello.
Hi, Neil. I've got a couple of movies for you.
Go right ahead, lay him on us.
One is a racerhead.
It was one of these art movies from the 80s.
After the after nuclear blood coming out of people's food and all sorts of people around.
And the other one is a classic night in living dead.
Okay.
That's it. Thanks.
Thank you.
Got that Carlos, those on there yet?
You're having a minute or two.
Okay, get him on there right now.
I want to see some action.
Yeah, let's speed this thing up a little bit.
Okay.
There you go.
If you guys can't get this great now, we'll have to get Sarah on a case.
All right.
Okay, so we'll have the whole goddamn kitchen clean, the forest drop, the walls, the suck clean.
And she'll also have the stuff on the website because you can pop another purple pill.
Erase your head and edit living dead.
I haven't seen most of these and I'm delighted we're making this list.
Because see, probably there would be those people who would say, oh, yeah, you got to add a racer head to your list of movies to see.
No, no, no.
If you see a racer head, you will want you'll hate your TV and you'll want to break it.
Really?
Yeah.
That good, huh?
Oh, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I mean, there is this group of people out there who want to be grossed out.
That's the idea of entertainment is seeing the grosser the better.
That's not my bag.
Okay.
If you want to look into most bag, go right ahead.
It won't be a pretty picture.
Believe me.
Bag of tricks is bag of tricks.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
So, yes.
Alio.
Okay.
I quite spoke to you the other day.
Yeah, I know. Call me again in a couple of weeks.
See, this guy, now this is, you know what this reminds me of, it's like the guy with a rocking chair.
Do you see the similarity?
Yeah.
Now, this is a guy that nobody else will put on because he's got the voice box thing.
You know, he's got an artificial, and I have no problem with that.
I understand, and he still has some stuff to say.
But I put him on the other day, and he thanks me for talking to him and putting him on.
Now, he's calling me back again, you know.
We don't want chronic recorders on the show.
So, and especially chronic recorders who've got, you know, are like a little hard to take the voice.
Best story is, and I don't find this funny at all.
See what I'm saying?
No, we've got enough voice problems on QAM already.
We don't want to like aggravated.
We don't want to exacerbate it.
We don't want to like add to it.
We don't want to contribute to the hearing problems of South Florida.
We already got enough deaf people running around.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
Pink flamingos 18.
Wow, I'm surprised we got 18 people who've seen it.
Trainspotting 7.
Faces of death any year, all seven.
The Exorcist 3.
Everybody else, malpathed is so far.
The grossest, sickest, most disgusting non-prone and movie of all time.
Things to do in Denver when your dead sounds like maybe a weiner, like it's going to be in there.
Kubee, also dead animals.
Dead animals?
Riding.
Dead riding animals.
Yep.
Like maybe like a little pomeranian?
Here's for a Lauderdale, hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes sir, good evening.
Wow.
As far, I'm like you.
Gore doesn't really bother me as far as disgusting and new movies.
But I'll tell you what does bother me.
If you remember the fat ass scene and stand by me.
I remember that.
Yeah, that was just that was first.
Barca rum.
That was the worst.
The fat ass scene?
I mean, I saw stand by me a couple of times, but I remember the fat ass scene.
Where they're sitting around, they fire their own stories about the blueberry eating contest.
The blueberry eating contest.
Oh yeah, yeah.
The cane reaction.
And I'd like to send a happy birthday out to my father and introduce me to your show about 15 years ago.
And listen and ever since.
And the.
In closing, no Howard.
I.
Oh.
Boy, oh boy.
He's been busy lately, you know.
So stand by me, which certainly wouldn't have been one that I would have put on there, but you're right.
But it was only one scene, right as opposed to something else.
And keep in mind, I only saw the first few minutes of train spotting.
So I can only begin to imagine, although I'll try to not to.
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
What the hell are you?
You are not the cheap one!
You are not the cheap one!
What the hell are you?
Ahmed, you're the only one.
You can ask her a movie comedy.
Ahmed it's ALLAH
You've had my power for a little over the week now!
How many people have you health?
Oh man, well, well, well.
No body.
Perfect!
I'm not all mighty now flying in the movie theater near you.
So if you're gonna have your dog do something evil to somebody that is kind of
payback when I brought tiny and I would do that time member.
I'm gonna drive him up the deposit for Andy Cal.
So do the flea.
Do the flea step right on.
Nice going Andy.
Do it.
Do the flea step right on the old.
I forgot that.
That was a great, great day.
It was a great moment.
It was one of tiny's highlights.
Way to go tiny.
I sure miss that dog.
Oh.
Anyway here.
Here's Lisa and Miami says, how about for grossest movie I spit on your grave.
George is waiting for the sequel.
I schmit on your grave since that seems to be the direction of this whole show today.
It's about a woman who was gang raped and then she takes revenge on her attackers by killing each one in a very grotesque manner.
Don't know if you have it on your list but it's pretty gross buys is Lisa.
Thanks Lisa and bye bye bye.
Sports weird rage.
What have you done to me?
I think you just came from like an outer space somewhere.
We got that under yet Carlos.
I saw that movie.
He's putting it on there to I spit on your grave.
Who's putting it on there?
Well, someone is.
Hey listen, I'm not taking no for answer on this one.
There is no reason in the world why Carlos can't have control over this pool every day.
There's no reason why we have to be slowed down because somebody's got a bad attitude and a big fat ego.
Okay, underlined a big fat part.
We don't have time to stand by the side of the road waiting for us.
Somebody to catch up with us.
Okay.
Follow what I'm saying.
Good.
Here with it.
The most disgusting, grosser vulgar movie you have ever seen.
Pink flamingo 25 faces of death any year, all 20.
Trainspotting eight.
Trainspotting was up there early and I was been left in the behind.
Kind of like that.
Suppository.
The excess is seven.
Hannibal five.
Freddie got fingered four.
Whatever.
Have it a baby Jane three.
The fly has got a well everything else a small, small potato so far like Hillary.
Small potatoes.
See, that's another example yesterday.
It took so long to get that small potatoes on here which wound up with 98 votes.
Follow my catch my drift.
See where I'm going with this.
Hmm.
What?
Yeah, you don't, don't start like trying to like we's loud of this.
Okay.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
We've been frustrated with this crap for a long time.
And today's the day I draw that line in the sand.
Alan factors and says two movies I haven't heard mentioned that are worth seeing.
I don't think this has to do with what we're talking about today.
You know what?
Taxi zoom class.
And versus burning.
Which none of this has anything to do with what we're talking about.
But none of the other.
Alan's just recommending the first movie in German with English subtitles features life
of a gay elementary school teacher who goes through life afraid to come out of the closet.
Oh, what a shock.
Included is the obligatory indiscriminate public restroom sexual encounters and a denue mom
the class Halloween party.
The second movie deals with a voting phenomenon both our must see movies.
Well, don't you think I'd love to see a movie about the voting phenomenon?
Oh, I need to.
I was just dancing up a storm in the A.T. room just before the show this morning.
How I'll treat you to learn how.
Government changes mind on gay employee events speaking of things gay.
Attorney General John Ascroft will allow gay and lesbian justice department employees to hold an annual gathering after all.
At the agency and quarters if they put the bill a move critics said Tuesday was a clumsy reversal of a previous embarrassing decision.
Officials for the group DOJ pride said last week they were told the word ceremony could not be held in the agency's great hall.
Next Wednesday, but agency spokesman Mark Carralo said the intention was not to block the group from holding the event.
Wanted to make it clear would not be officially sponsored by the department which means the group's members must pay for any cost themselves.
Yada yada yada.
So there you go. He's covered up statues. He's trying to keep the fangs out of the hall room, the banquet room, whatever they're going to hold their balls.
Pathetic. Just sad. Pragic. Pragic. This is what's going on in America.
And what are these people doing? They're watching movies like Train Spotting with guys reaching in the toilets.
No wonder he's reaching in the toilet. Oh, he's one of them birds, you know. Right.
Well, they kind of died that those people lead. Oh, as a matter of fact, can you only begin to imagine bangers and knives spotted Richard thick, toad in the hole.
5 6 7 0 5 60. I've told you this before. It's a true story up on what else to read. Is it? Well, somewhere downtown.
There's a restaurant here in town or a pub called the spotted dick in Toronto.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And we're going to get that we're going to have that the poll every day just hopping. It's going to be smoking.
The new things are going to pop on here so fast you won't even be able to keep track of them.
Here's Miami. Hello.
And I want to say some Eric Eric, if you get if you take the down ID sticks out of the space for your computer, you can get a work that you at porky pitch.
What down? I don't know. It's not important what he said. I don't know.
But what did he say? You don't have to get porky about it. They don't get porky with the Eric.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
29 votes for faces of death any year.
See, I'll see there's a problem with this though because people might think the suit I'm saying gross sick and disgusting, but they enjoy gross sick and disgusting.
I'm saying right as opposed like me being grossed out by transporting I wouldn't watch the rest of that if you paid me by the second.
Wouldn't watch it.
So there's another tape. I'm in fact, I'm fast developing a collection of DVDs near the room.
I like to stick them in the toilet. I mean, I know about the drug dealers who smuggle the stuff in plastic bags and then they like when and out, crap it out.
You know, well, at least there's some some rationale for that.
But he's got an opium suppository. I didn't really understand that. I mean, if it works there, he was withdrawing.
He was having withdrawals. That was an emergency situation in order to stop being sick.
He was going to take that just because he could find nothing else.
And opium poppy. It'll kill with the withdrawals. Can you just dissolve it under your tongue or something?
Opium will kill poppy. I poppy.
See now you're beginning to understand the audience is beginning to find a catch the drift for this.
Why it is that you have such great expertise is because I'm always talking about George being the drug dealer.
George is he's out of business. I mean, he closed this shop a long time ago since that second baby was born.
So that's where he had to bring Carlison because he met him during a wild drug deal right there on the street corner over there at the Ives Derry in 441.
I've just read a lot of books. Yeah, sure seen a lot of movies.
5 6 7 0 5 60. In fact, Carlos is having a summer special going on now.
Five and a local. This is five sixty. There are years old yours.
Two and a guy's if you're looking for a great place to have a good time, then you've got to check out Trez Rylen.
I'll be there today from five to seven along with Boka Brian Miguel and Beener Boy will be enjoying drink specials and giving away some crappy prizes.
This week's feature is Tara Wilde and she'll be there performing all this week and while we're there, you've seen her in magazines and adult films now come by and see her in the flesh at Trez Rylen.
Remember every Tuesday is two for one on all and hyzer bush products from four to eight.
Trez Rylen is open seven days from noon till five a.m. located right off the Palmeiro north of 120 second street.
There are multi stage layout means you get a great view from anywhere in the club.
You can enjoy great food made fresh by their gourmet chefs and don't forget about the free daily lunch buffet.
You can shoot a game of pool or watch your favorite sporting events on one of their huge satellite TV screens.
This Saturday at 10 it's heavyweight championship boxing for more info log on at Trez Rylen.com or call them at 305-5-822-21 for all the details.
Don't forget to stop by today from five to seven for another WQA and happy our party with all of us and adult star Tara Wilde.
Trez Rylen just off the Palmeiro north of 120 second street. We'll see you there.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you, sir? I'm not good, Eisner.
Oh, you're not feeling well, sir? I'm watching the television. The ABC 50 year reunion special.
What an amazing special. What a night to remember. Yeah, a night to remember for you. How many times were you on camera?
I don't know. I caught it 75.
Really? It was all about you. You make little maniac. You've only been with a company out of all 10 years or whatever and you're running it into the toilet.
What did you think of my speech, sir? I thought it was terrible. You're awful. Why didn't I give it a speech?
Well, sir, since I am the president CEO of the company, I thought of you. You're an idiot.
Well, we did have some major talent. I mean, we had a chance of both at Tim Allen.
Tim Allen. Please.
I'll hold on to it. Stop that for a second. Stop that for a second.
Who is that? No, no one. It's just to help you. You're saying about Tim Allen?
That better not be remix. No, no, no, no. We called in sick today. I got pay for work up to my figures.
It's remix. Put them on. No, no, sir. So you were saying Tim Allen.
I am on. Is that remix? Yes, sir. Put them on the phone.
Remus, great, remus, remus. Stop that for a second.
Oh, boss. What'd you say? What you call him?
Who's this? What do you mean who's this?
How you doing, boss? Did I just hear you call either boss? Who's your boss?
Who's your boss? You're my boss. I'm your boss. You're my boss.
Remus? Yeah? Why aren't you here today? You're called in sick.
I'm taking some lost time. You know, like Sibwitz does on the army. Why PD Blue?
Lost time. You work here, Remus. I've done tons of things for you. I pay for your rehab, didn't I?
I've been meaning to talk to you about that, boss. Got you off the quagk, Remus.
I need a little refresher, boss. What's going on, Remus? I'm almost done here, boss.
What are you doing over there? Put me to goosie.
A jacuzzi? It's a view, boss. Put the Magwan lady back on.
Hold on. Are you with me? Sir.
A jacuzzi? Well, it's been very stressful these days. You know, with the fall schedule and everything getting ready, I've been very stressed.
You don't need it, you're cozy and you're off us. You're terrible. What stress?
Remus, Remus, Remus, Remus. Why do we have Tim Allen?
Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company.
A new story hasn't even had a show for years. I mean, sure. First, it was funny.
You had a neighbor with a fan and you couldn't see a space. And Tim Allen, making all of the crumb.
That crunning noises. But come on.
Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean, two hits Santa Claus movie.
Fire him. What? Fire him. Fire him. Fire him. Fire him. Fire him. Fire him.
Fire him. Fire him. But I can't speak. Fire him. Tell Remus, it's all for...
I'm Dr. Adam.
Good. Oh, God.
No, I'm Dr. Adam.
Remus, uh, Mr. Mouse is docking you.
He's boogie. I'm no doctor. I can't even read.
Not, Dr. Dalkin. Forget it.
Bunch of losers.
I'm 34 there's no a and Legosi by the way beena boy
Sorry, I'm glad that you finally got the rest of my list the movies up there on our website
That's good as a good start
But Legosi if you were spelled it the way I did like in the thing I thanks to
It would have been right L.U.G. OS. I just I don't want a nitpick
But I will anyway
Look at this explosions in Gaza apparent Israeli rocket attacks. What a surprise our Q shock
Washington's live
Hitchhers from Gaza the scene of the assassination attempt at this point
There is no word on the condition of this Hamas leader Tito must suit
Well, there you go. Aren't you shocked by that and just made it how's the road map coming?
Anyway, here's the fact from DJ Valentine who's obsessed with his programs his natural born killers was gross enough that people walk out
We get that on the list Robert Donnie Jr
Well, that would do it for me
Just why I saw the opening credits I'd walk out if I saw that name
About Schmidt Schmidt was Jack Nicholson's character's name Kathy Bates does get naked. It says I didn't walk out of the theater. I ran
Kathy Bates gets naked. Oh my god
My god, I'm related to your pull but I recommend way of the gun
Well, let's see I got I went the other room during the break and I got me here it is
Here's way of the gun with Ryan Philippe and James Khan and Benicio del Toro and I'm a tambien
What is the name of that movie?
I'm a to mama tambien
is that it?
Right and you keep telling me I shouldn't see that what is it about? I didn't I don't keep telling you that boy
You know that I haven't told me that again this morning
What a liar I think I heard I
Never seen it see that I've never seen it why you keep doing it when Miguel came in the studio
And he said something to me about your mama and nobody said your mama and I said eat two mom team with two mama tambien
Maybe he said that no you said it maybe he said you should see your mother
No, you should said you should see my mama and I said no thanks. I got no problems my own. Hey, I saw gaslight
Anyway, here's
Sexy beast now. This is great DJ valentine must be second
Just because I'm trying to pick which movie I'm gonna watch later today, okay?
Because by the end of this year I'm gonna have watched every movie that's ever been made
Then I'm gonna show you people a thing or two see because right now it's like wow he hasn't and I admit it
I've never been a movie buff like most people are like a lot of people have
But now making up for lost time while I'm still breathing you know
It's very much time left
But I figure if I watch a whole bunch of movies every day for the rest of the year
30 a day then like by the end of the year all I've seen every movie has ever been made when you say right
So we said sexy beast is the Ben Kingsley is as it is the Ben Kingsley's train day was to dance on Morgan Freeman, Washington
This is there is this weird homerotic scene in the movie with two other characters in it when you see you'll know what I mean by weird
So I got sexy beast right here. It's in my hand
I got the sweet here after with somebody recommended to film by Adam the goyam. I
Got a beautiful mind recommended very heartily by a boner boy told and I had if I don't like it
And then I got way of the gun. It was good. We both recommended a beautiful mind
Oh, and way of the gun is from the writer of usual suspects, which I didn't get yet. I still have that other list
usual suspects is a better overall movie, but where the gun is is entertaining entertaining
Is it a western?
No, it's modern times modern times with the lovely Ryan Philippe. Well, that sounds okay
Actually the blonde guy in the train spotting for a Brit
He was or a Scotsman whatever it was
He was a pretty good looking guy. I thought well, even if this movie turns out to be crap
At least there's somebody looks good in it and then of course I wasn't prepared for that much crap that that's soon, you know
Oh, I hear some other facts that's got to be a joke, didn't it?
It says it because you told me yesterday do not get this movie do not see it do not watch it under
I didn't say that I didn't see it
What I don't know where you're getting these things. I highly recommend the big Lebowski is a movie you should see
It's definitely the sleeper hit of the decade comedy with John Goodman Jeff Bridges terror reading Steve Buschimi
It's hysterical and you said forget about it. I did not I said forget about it because you saw it because I saw it and you thought it sucked
You're not gonna like it
For what reason because you don't do any acid
I said another guy can't is there any movie that's ever been made
I mean even Dracula for Christ makes he was doing opium. That's right
Airby movie that's ever been made as a drug movie. I guess I'm just gonna have to start doing drugs, you know
I'm gonna forget about this sugar. I'm gonna start doing drugs call my mother and tell her all a drug addict
Okay, we'll talk after this show tell her I haven't started yet, but I'm working on it
And if she don't stop taking X-lacks
He's gonna be she's gonna be doing the same thing that guy was doing in train spotting talk about train spotting the image of that of
What your mom on the lax?
Where you stop picking on mom. She's got she's got a bowel fetish. Okay, then now let me let me point something out to you
Dogs and cats let's just stick with dogs. I don't like cats dogs. All right other than having like a little oven affection other than that
One of the two things in their life that they're based around eating and getting rid of it
I mean, you know, and of course of you dog ain't fixed and sex too if they get lucky you let him run loose
But forgetting about that setting that aside the two things that are most important are eating and
Going outside to get rid of it right right right so in my mother who doesn't have like a wild social life to say
What are the most important things eating and you know and the other thing and the other thing?
That's right whatever follows you wanted or not
So she's very concerned about that and she's very conscientious
She's been working very hard diligently on that for years and years for all of her life as long as I can remember long before I knew her
I was born
She's been doing that VM thing, you know
I'm sure glad we dropped that image drop that bomb
Also, this fact says can't believe none of you put silence of lambs who dead poets decided on your list
They are great silence of lambs put that on my list the bean of war when you correct the lagozae spelling
Silence lines how do we wait? I mean look you can't put them all on there
You're gonna forget sooner later which allows us to add to it
Also, it's as I can't believe you put the talent of mr. Ripley on your list to quote for real
I'd rather be impregnated by a horse than sit through that wreck again. I liked it. I watched it three times already
Okay, so whoever sentenced to me must obviously not be a fag and even if you're not a fag
I still say it's an entertaining movie plus this is also somebody who obviously was never in Italy
One of the one of the selling points for the movie with river Phoenix and
What's his name can't or Reeves?
My own private I know what besides the fact it's totally a fact movie
Which you should neither one of you want but all what I go to Italy in the great scenes in Rome
There's there's a scene of the colosseum from about a hundred yards away
And the rest of the time they're in Italy they're out way in this farm in a boondocks somewhere in the middle of nowhere
And the scenes could be in Ireland and Germany it could be in Wyoming could be anywhere
So all this crap about the great footage in Italy then now that's how did mr. Ripley there's some great stuff in Italy
Okay, and I put it I see and I put it on my list
I hate to break the news to this fact here
I put it on there because I like it not because it's fashionable to like it not because George likes it or boner boy likes it or because
Moe likes it. I put it on her because I like it. How do you like that?
Can't believe you put that around that's why we're sorry separate lists
Anyway, here's the has got to be Ed Gein with Steve Rails back and Texas chain saw master
Did you put these on Ed Gein is it Geiner Gein? I've always been confused
Gein Gein oh that phone is we're gonna get you don't think there could be another package doing uh huh
Wow that would be funny it was pretty gross. It was a serial killer movie true story of course and Ed did some nasty things man
What's a nasty thing?
Well, when you see the movie he does nasty things with nasty things
Okay, well good. Let's get that on list. Is it on her yet? Good good work
46 votes for faces of death any or all
Pink flamingos 35
Train spotting 12 the f-sursus 9
Freddie got fingered 9. I think the guy in train spotting got fingered
Yeah, in fact, I think James Vanderbeak in the rules of attraction. I think he got fingered by himself
I'm gonna do I dear watch that scene again after all this discussion. We're happy today. Do I dare watch that? Oh no
I don't want to know what he's doing
Looking 42 at 560 WQM. Hey if there's uh anything worse than going up to take a dip in the pool and seeing how crappy it looks
I can't imagine what it might be except that scene in train spotting
If your pool is stained and dirty and cracking and just takes all the joy out of taking a dip on a hot summer's day
Which is all year long? Well, it doesn't have to be a mess no mo
Call our good friends Atlantic Marseille let them beautify for you
They specialize in refreshing and refishing pools bringing in back to life making him brighter more colorful than they were in the first place
And now Atlantic Marseille is introducing something new and exciting. It's called Atlantic Blue Bright
For over 12 years Atlantic Marseille's beautified pools with the ever popular diamond bright and the makers of diamond bright have developed Atlantic blue
Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille
Atlantic Blue Bright promises to leave your pool with a richer more colorful appearance on match by anything
You've ever heard of or seen on the market before in fact
It's gonna look so sensational that your friends your neighbors everybody in town on the block is gonna think you've got to a brand new pool
License and ensure there are real construction company. They use only full-time employees
Not subcontractors not illegal aliens with little pickup truck
Atlantic Marseille is family owned and operated in thousands of folks in South Florida
We've got a brain have come to trust and love these people
They serve they'd rather than Palm Beach counties. Atlantic Marseille also performs expert deck renovations custom lighting pool heating exotic water features too
So enjoy the summer and audio round in your own backyard called Atlantic Marseille and get the most out of that pool of yours
Call 1-800-558883. That's 1-800-558883
Atlantic Marseille truly is your pool's best friend
We're supporting you five six months
You way yeah
She's brought my hand
Okay
Put out some good reviews so I went right away
Shell down 20 bucks for a movie pass
A coconut some milky ways
And with a handful of candy
Went to the doors of that marquee
Then I had a first class ticket
But I was ladies and men can be see I walked into and make trips
I walked in and I could have fun one seat and I walked out on the matrix
I
You know, I'm just wondering the certain people do you think how many try to you know imagine and what kind of movies they would watch
You know what I mean?
Okay, and like the sports nerds. I just wonder what kind of movies that those people watch beside the course
The obvious like what was that awful football movie with Al Pacino Sunday?
I need given Sunday any given Sunday awful everybody. I didn't watch it because everybody said believe me
You'll gag and puke it so bad the natural the natural all the sports movies here the uh the
Hanson brothers, you know
That crap
Because I just can't imagine sports nerds watching
Requiem for a dream or magneton I could be wrong about that
I'm trying to think of like Joe Rose will be onto the mad dog by the way two to four this afternoon
Mad dogs take another well deserved. They are I can't imagine Joe Rose watching
Magnolia can you?
Why not?
Or memento. I mean Hank I can imagine watching that because Hank's a wild crazy guy certainly and what about for real? We're gonna ask him about that
I don't know if he's like really a movie kind of guy. I just find it kind of
entertaining. Oh, okay
One thing about him man you just crank up that tape there and whatever whatever you ask he's got the answer
It fits right in it's like the magic eight ball. It is
Only most behind it
Now speaking of watching movies of course you want to have like a big nod see my apartment here
It just isn't big enough like my house see my house. I could have like a good home theater entertainment the thing in us around some
I just never got around with
You see and I certainly have enough
Oh, I'm hoping there enough room for what 85 satellite is in all kinds of crap and it was gigantic Polk speakers man
They do wonderful things now with us thinking the speakers into your ceiling so you don't have to have any wires running
I could probably have one of those big plasma sets on the wall. Oh, man or
Electronics giant Sony Corp unveiled a new upmarket brand yesterday in an effort to bring the sense of cool to a product lineup that is lost some of its cash
A
The world's largest consumer electronics makers said products bearing the new brand called
qualia
Will be made only after customers placed in order
These days were concerned with how many we can sell or how much market share we can get and as a result
There are many products that never got made so many chief executive Navi Yuki a day told a news conference
And Frankers a picture of Navi Yuki a day right there qualia doesn't come cheap though
The first products in the range include a high definition home theater projector for 2.4 million yen
Which is 20,300 bucks a 36 inch trimmer tron super clear TV for 1.3 million and it's 11 grand and a digital camera
The confidant assured pocket but has two megapixel capacity and it costs 3200 bucks
Well, you ought to be getting one of those any minute now
See, I don't think I'd spend 11 grand for a TV
If I had your money
That's what I'm saying. I mean you wouldn't spend 11 grand for a TV because you don't have it right
But if you had a lot of money would you spend 11,000 dollars for a great super clear 36 inch TV? Yeah, I would that you were 36 inch
I'd buy four of them two small for me 63
I got well, I got a I don't know what they are that I think at home mine is like I think both of them are 52
I got a 52 inch Sony here. No, the one at home is like a 60 two or 63 inch tatachi
But this one here is a 52 inch Sony, which is too big for my living room. Anyway, it's too damn big
But I do like it. It's a damn good set. I just need more room. Maybe I'll show it out on the balcony
The range also features a CD audio system which had this can be placed anywhere on a playing surface the size of a salad plate
Just stick it on there
Quality is part of Sony's strategy to differentiate itself from rivals like South Korea Samsung electronics
And to restore its faded brand premium and then I just get through Santa got a Sony TV in the other room
Oh, geez, I feel like I'm faded
Like I'm off brand
Oh, you know what that call was before my rest of the head of package downstairs my drugs got here already
Yeah, Beanerboy don't waste any time. I think he's got expressed the delivery
So if there's anybody out there short, you know, we can come up in a couple of days
Beanerboy will take care of express delivery. I just know people
5 6 7 0 5 60 probably got all the numbers from George pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world's line
We better get with it because we only got an hour to go before the one and two comedy bits Wednesday hour. Get old what?
I beg your pardon get with what?
Get with the program get with it. I got a lot of stuff to do here yet
We've only got one hour to do it. Don't you understand what I'm saying? Okay. I got a lot of crap in fact
I'm thinking for right now
That is I just oh I don't want to think about that. Well, why why did why did they do that in another way?
Let me just put this is only my opinion
If that's what you have to and I know this sounds really funny, dirty. It's like almost Steve Alamish
But if that's what you have to do to get people to watch your movie then your movie sucks
See what I'm saying? Yeah
Now the second do do scene
I don't want to hear about the second do do scene. Okay, it was hysterical. It was hysterical. It was what they grabbed
Yeah, funny and crap very good
Finally there's your first look on right down. Yeah
Well, that makes us feel like duty
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&C and Verizon wireless line. There's a great payphone challenge. Oh
Yeah, we can do it if the a T-room and Denys
Right there are 36 then this game boulevard
Now Rick is gonna have to get that ring the diamond ring out of that out of that bowl with his teeth
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing?
Yes, sir. What about the do do scene in Shawshank Redemption when you have to crop to that pipe?
Never watch that movie. Is there a do do scene in that? Well, when he was case he had to crop like 50 or 75 feet of
pipe with
their actual fish and
Estimate and stuff. Okay, great. He's gonna get a little bit too graphic, okay? A little bit
Now is there really such a scene in Shawshank? Yeah, tell me that's why I didn't watch it. I have an aversion to duty scenes
Okay, I'm not interested in watching crap
Oh
See something and I've had that tape member and you know you notice how what comes around goes around
You know who gave me that movie don't you to watch right Jason who's Jason which I mentioned yesterday
Of course Jason was a guy to use to photograph his own
droppings
Today he dropped that jade though. That was pretty exciting only when they were newsworthy. Yeah, he's to have a polaroid or maybe it was a brownie
Maybe it was a brownie-hound camera. You know, he had a polaroid camera used to take shots of his
Schmidt
I don't I don't understand
Maybe they're just there's some people who never want to grow up and those people make me want to throw up
What it is? Let me say it again if you have to see I mean like it with language and I know we got so oh
Yeah, I don't want to hear all that language. I can't imagine there's too many of those people left anymore
The reason we need the language in the movies is because that at least makes it a little bit real because that's the way real people talk
Yeah, I'm like on radio and TV where we have to be prissy and goody two shoes because the FCC is gonna find us for saying crap
Okay
But in the movies. I mean when they finally started using all the words that real people use and finally up pretty much everybody got used to that
I would think except the most prissy of the prissyest and sissy is so there's a reason for that because that's like reality
But I don't think your average Joe or Jane out there spends too much time. Hopefully digging around in the bowl looking for
You know some kind of a suppository they were trying to make a point about his desperation. I see
Or
Guess what I wasn't that desperate to be entertained okay? I could I could turn on TV and watch the 85,000 movies all of which would have been better than train spotting or bed spotting
or bowl spotting
I'll spot you three to two that I'll never watch it again
1156 at 560 poor and Kaplan man
He must have really been destroyed in a game seven of the devils win three nothing that coma inducing game
He must have enough said his whole future his whole life was hinging on a balance there
Oh, yes, I'm back here. Oh, and I's got to come back to QA
That's that's the almost as bad as investing with Mitch Hirsch
I'll tell you about something that's a safe bet that's olio made. It's good for you
I popped a couple of those a blood pressure olio mites in my pus this morning and look how great I sound right now
Don't I sound great? Uh-huh. I do say so myself
Anyway, olio mit is super concentrated olive oil would combine with all kinds of other good stuff in a little capsule
Easy to take you this pop them in your pus every day and olio mit every day can up produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
And there are 14 different olio mit formulas from which to choose each one combining the finest olive oil on his planet with vitamins and minerals and herbals and all kinds of neat stuff
To support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you
And now we got three new olio mit formulas wanted to help you sleep want to help you control that weight
And sell Q10 for your heart pick and believe me I've talked about coq 10 for years
I'm telling you when you see the difference in your pulse rate and your heart
You'll be amazed at how important coq 10 is pick up some olio made wherever you do your shopping
It's all over the place and more more you can hear the sounds the people popping it every day
So forget about those drugs from Carlos get something that's good for you pick it up at publics at the anchor
It's Walgreens whole food markets Navarro's or Sedan or is there order?
Oliomit online if you like olio made america.com is their website and if you want more information about any of their products
Call them toll free 1 866 Oliomit that's 1 866 6 5 365
633 pick up some olio med today and start popping it and you're pushed right away
This state Goldstein but you can call me Caldie whenever I'm in town. I listen to maybe then it I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
It's time for turd talk the show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you and now here's your hosts
Colin Cornwallis a good evening. I'm Colin. Cornwallis your host and welcome to turd talk
The loaf lines are already lit up so let's just get right down to the phones
And let's see who's on number two. It's Steve Steve you're on the air
Hi Colin. I'm a first time caller. Oh all right. We got a little something for you Steve hang on
So what's on your mind? Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show and
Hold on let me get to paper here. Okay. I'm back. So your wife loves the show. That's great. Tell me Steve
You're wiping right now aren't you? Yes, I am. Okay. Wait when you wipe? Do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke as a matter of fact the wife was just saying uh-oh
What's the man? I think I just
Rip the paper. Oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yeah, yes, I do. Oh boy. Remain come you're having what we call a push through. Did you get any penetration?
I think so. Okay, just do as I say and everything's gonna be okay now
Is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something dark color? Okay, let me see now
Pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect. Okay. Okay. Is your finger out Steve? Yeah
Now the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is has anybody in the house really made you mad today? No
Okay, go ahead and wipe it off Steve. Oh, thank you Colin. Keep up the good work. Well, you are welcome
And thanks for listening. That's all the time we have for now until the next turn talk. I'm Colin Cornwallis
This has been turned to the show that gets down to what you're really made of
Was that Kevin Wallace? Is that what he said?
trouble three at five sixty W to Q. I. M. Anyway, we got the the QM van right now till one o'clock is at the pizza lock on the corner of sunrise and uphill behind wall green's implantation
We got some tickets for marlin games for if you're desperate and we also will let you register to a win a free large cheese pizza
Got that
Got it. That's now now till one and then later on a seventh in to enjured Miguel Bokobrine and be near boy for happy art
Treasure Island right off the Palmetto just north of the 120 seconds to exit stop by to win some more of our very low-budded prizes
But the highlight will be check out this week's feature terror wild
And maybe you'll get lucky
Also, Trice Dreadford
See, didn't I tell you I had my doubts about that Brandy's tag. I just knew right I had the spielkeys just reading the wrong tag
And now long after their spot ran he says oh, please
I forgot to get to the tag give me a mention so I can keep my job while we like Troy a lot
No, that's the only reason I'm doing this because we like Troy's a good guy. He's a good guy
He cared for a bald head of geek. He cares. He tries his best. He's like you know functionally
Incompetent
It's a great time to buy flour shine this wicked brandy shoes by one pair at the regular price get the second pair of equal to lower value at half price
Stop interface at Brandy's shoes.com. See and again. He spelled the website another third way
So just keep just keep spawn it the way you want like like LaGosi you'll find it
You'll land on it
Kentucky Church abuse suit settle for 25.7 million dollars. All right
One of the largest collections of civil actions against the Roman Catholic Church came to a close when the Archdiocese
Louisville agreed to pay 25.7 million dollars to 243 people who accused priest and employees of child sexual abuse
Archbishop Thomas Kelly addressed victims yesterday as the settlement was announced
I apologize again for what we did or failed to do the ledger abuse
He said I hope today settlement is a sign of our willingness to help you in your healing and help cover it up
I mean the clothes that are on it and
We don't want to do too many of these because we don't want to get Dennis like all sure a shoe shoe could up again
Church document showed that sexual abuse allegations against Roman Catholic clergy and officials and Mrs. Cippy are more widespread than what's believed the
alleged victims say
The documents seem more than 20 priests or Roman Catholic officials in Mrs. Cippy have been accused of molesting
porousers and youths over several decades three times that number claimed in pending lawsuits
According to victims of alleged abuse the plaintiffs and lawsuits against the church say the documents inadvertently
forwarded them by the church's own lawyers
Support their claims that the church continues to cover up
Accusations of sex abuse in Mississippi no less
The priest used to tell those altar boys. It's a treat to beat your
On the Mississippi mud is that what they used to say something like yes, they said
So there you go more of that crap
Speaking of crap are pulled today, which we apologize for the nature of it
But I it's just one of those things you know, I was inspired by transporting
We've been talking heavy duty movies for a long time and you can't get much more heavier or duty than that
The most disgusting grosser vulgar movie ever made non-pornographic was
Faces of death any or all of them
65 parts one through four thousand
Pink flamingos 43
Train spotting 17 Freddie got fingered
15 I wonder if he called their Kevin Wallace there on a turd talk
The excess is 14 Hannibal 10 and everybody else really small
A small potatoes for example the nice one down as I smit on your grave is got only five
So that's our poll today
And I still wonder I don't understand it although obviously you know it appeals to a lot of people's taste
There are sick bastards like Carlos who's always stone out of his mind who enjoys watching really sick disgusting stuff like
Fraying spotting and kids and bully by the way bullies got one bone in my book
That was that word is yeah, it's got one bone
560 505 60 I beg your pardon, so I should have seen
You're the one that told me to see kids in gummo because it was the same director is did bully
Here's a call from Kendall hello
Hey Uncle Neil yes sir
Dead alive on your list and that was one of Peter Jackson's first movie. Yeah
It's comedy horror movie, but it is probably the most disgusting movie I've ever seen it's hilarious
And the last thing alone they use 300 leaders of fake blood that's how gross it is. Okay, but it's not hilarious movie not it's not it's called
Dead alive not evil dead
Dead alive how likely a more Howard David's story right right there you go
I have a comment about your show
Yes within reason you always say your audience is an intelligent
You know there's different from anybody else because what wait a minute. Why did I say that?
Well, yeah, I'm trying to make a point here. So I don't want to get bogged down. You're okay
Your your show your audience generally doesn't listen to other music blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
That's what you know they don't know some other music other radio stations
Like the
Latin music and the you know the the urban stuff and all that
I have one complaint about your show a lot of times that you do your lead in
Yeah, you play a parody of a song that I and I guarantee a lot of other people's never heard of because we don't listen to the radio
And it's like I don't get it and more importantly. I don't want to get it
You know what I'm saying is not your regular you know not your most most stuff and all that it's a parody of
The vastory boys or whatever and I'm like there's one song you play it's called very is a fairy. I'm so they're going
What's that was about because I have no idea what the hell you're talking about?
No, it's called airy airy fly sure
airy okay anyway, but anyway, I'm trying to again
But but you but you got to understand that I can't think of a single one of those song parodies that really makes any different
I mean it adds to the enjoyment of you know the original song right
But if you don't know the song is like you sit there scratching your certain body parts are like I have an hour until it's over with it's like
Yeah, whatever means
Is that my what is what I'm saying makes them oh no, I understand what you're saying that if if you don't understand what the
song parody is based on it, it's you don't appreciate it exactly
Okay, well, we'll take it out our consideration. We'll take it to committee. I appreciate
Have a great. Hi, see I understand what he's saying
Well
Plus of course a lot of the song parodies that Voka Brian does since he's in that time warp our songs from back into 50s and 60s
Like that one part of the chart
Well, in fact, what is that song then and then going through the chapel by the dixie cups, right?
And no, and of course a very few of people in this audience know from the dixie cups or going to the chapel or any of that crap
But but if you do know it adds a little bit to the enjoyment
But I think you could still enjoy areas of furry without even knowing the dixie cups, right damn straight
No, oh, I'm sorry. I mean
But I do understand exactly what he's saying not that we're gonna change anything are we?
Well, you think we're gonna change this thing with our website
Is we want to speed up the process and get get quick with this you know
Passionate by committee and passionate by this one and waiting for this one to get off his fat ass
We're gonna we want lightning speed on here don't we?
Yes
We're gonna start getting a little bit pushier now, you know just because I'm going on
I've looked at two months the most of the time I'm not here a summer deal
That doesn't mean I don't give a crap, okay?
I could just sit back and take the paycheck like like Carlos there
He could just sit back and get paid once every three or four pay periods
I guess but he but he's not gonna do that. He is conscientious
He cares enough to set his very best not to leave the kind of slip shot crap that we had for months and months and months for about two years on our website
I'm embarrassed the fact that we you know
I was so indifferent and lazy. I guess plus I had no control over it
But I was willing to accept that and I'd look on that page and I think Jesus
This is why would anybody look at this same thing? It's a miracle. We had anybody checking out other other than the poll
follow on sand
Now we got all those nifty mo pictures. We got mozo the clown. We got the hot couples contest going
We got 80 billion pictures of a butchered little Iraqi kids. We got
All kind we got neat
Hopping around the George W there doing at the voguing thing. He's doing. Is that what he's doing?
He's voguing it
And all kinds of other amazing stuff on there
And I still say like I said yesterday our website is probably one of the best
In the history of mankind slickard and
Slicker than butter man slicker than freaking butter on your ass
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless line. It is Wednesday
That means they're one to two hours now that big comedy bits are remember how we asked about that and they said oh no
I think it was about 50 50 wasn't it?
About 30 man. No, no seriously. It was about 50 50 whether they like the one that used to be then noone to one
I forgot already
But oh yeah a lot of negativity because see that's a mistake. I make I don't I'm not gonna ask anymore
Today like this and they like that because they always say no
Yeah
How we doing today you like to show that? No too many movie shows here
We're gonna talk about movies on this show and other stuff and I mean
You can call and talk about anything under the sun any day not that you ever do
Because you have to be spoon-fed. That's the nature of the audience
But we'll talk about it until we're good and ready to talk about something else until something else happens
Okay, I mean we could talk about oh there was another attack in him at least today
Wow another bombing in gaza woo
What a shock canovel
Huh one's that on
430
1213 at 560 WQM if you're on the Actions that are any of their low-carb or sugar free diet
Here's a place you're going to love shopping at the lights of West Boka the number one low-carb store in the universe
Now they have over 900 low-carb sugar free products and the lights of West Boka is introducing new ones every month this month
No exception try their new low-carb instant cup of soup just to add water and microwave a low-carb meal and a cup
Ford delicious flavors or new
Simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual-sized cheesecake and the list goes on and on with low-carb
Huck just like he said in magnolia it just goes on and on and remember he said that the narrator
yep
With low-carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies and brownies no forget the lights incredible selection of low-carb pasta
Sausage dressing chips chocolates in their famous carbolite ice cream too
So if you're sick and tired of going to your supermarket and trying desperately to find a few things that are low-carb
Here's a place you'll love shopping in the lights of West Boka where all Actions brand products are on sale all day every day
Even on some Hustora stop by and talk to their staff when was dieting inside backward upside and down and they're open every day 10 to 10
Don't forget also you can try it before you buy it anything in the store
You'll find the lights on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market
Call them toll-free one eight seven seven low-carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com
Don't forget your official Actions retail center. It's the lights of West Boka
here sports radio five 60's you and you
Carey
Centur a
Holding in
at
Were
He's a queer, a wolf, means in proof and a cronosing queen
Let it issues, long and confused, they'll hate it in you
Who wears panties underneath his shoes?
Yes!
Mary's a me of confery, so he's gotta get married
Mary's a fairy, and he's gonna get married
They're alpating Homo, now he's got him married
So stand up the white house, Homo
He's a fair and a jackwoodish muck with a blow up doll
Of John Lester, does what he stole for
That's he wrong home and he never eats tune on a roll
Mary's a stream-y-licking fairy, so he's gotta get married
Mary's a fairy, and he's gonna get married
They're alpating Homo, but he's gonna get married
Homo has to come furrier
Homo has to come furrier
I think some of our intellectual audience would appreciate that
And that's the remix too, as a matter of fact, I don't play that version of it often enough, they really need sounding remix
Did we send a memo to Lynn Samuels and tell her that she had special dispensation to make phone calls during the show today?
I didn't send one
How do we call to her? Did you do a peanut boy?
I'm checking my emails here and it says, you may have said this since I had to make some phone calls
Uh-oh
I think you better get her priority straightened out
Anyway, she says I had to turn the radio off for a while, but how about the Tootsie rolls and the swimming pool and caddy's shack?
I don't think that was disgusting, I thought that was funny as hell
Right, see?
I mean, because we knew that they really were Tootsie rolls, they looked like Tootsie rolls
And they tasted like Tootsie rolls
Right?
I think
No, that was to say that's funny, I had no problem with funny crap
You know what I mean? It literally, funny crap was funny
But uh, the stuff in this train spotting, that was not funny crap
In fact, when you just looked at that turlid man, you said, I think at this point is the time when I start moving in one direction
And this movie can move off into the other one, you know?
As soon as he walked into that turlid
That should have been a message for me
Oh guess what just happened to I, uh, thing here, my printer
I give up out of ink
Now
Stun
You know how sometimes he tried to be efficient by like loading maybe a little too much paper in it
They hate it and then it gets jammed, they got a little jammed on it
5,6,7,0,5,60,0,5,60 on the AT&T, in Verizon Wireless Line
The most disgusting, gross or vulgar movie ever made was
Paces of Death, parts 1 through 1,077
Pink flamingos, 49
Train spot, oh and that's it, that's the contest after that it's small potatoes
Train spotting 19, Freddie got fingered 18 and he liked this what I heard, the excess is 16 and Hannibal 10 after that single digits
Although Texas Chainsaw Massacre got on her late, it's moving up with 8
Got on their late, it's moving up with 8
Here's one, it says surfing through your website and those platoon is not on your recommendation list
Why I never saw it?
I told Carlos to us, stick it on to mine, good movie
Never seen it, sounds like another one of the more movies to me
Yes
And wasn't born on the 4th of July, wasn't that enough, didn't I do my obligatory thing by watching it?
I didn't force you to watch platoon or telling you to
No, born on the 4th of July right now
It was very morbid and depressing, Tom Cruise was excellent in it and he was also excellent in Magnolia, calculated what you said
Respect the
I'm bigger, pardon?
Respect the... I don't know if I can say that or not
Respect the what?
Well, the penis
Respect the penis, I already do
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and for right, I mean let's face it, you know I don't want to get into a whole thing about genitals
But if they really were a god, couldn't they have created, I mean, something more attractive looking than penises in vagina
See what I'm saying?
I agree with half of that
No, no there's nothing that I don't care what you say
I'm not talking about whether it makes you horny or not
There's nothing attractive looking about a vagina
Please
A little flower
No, stop
It's like every flower
It's like a orchid flower
It's like a vegetable
Stop, please
And if you're going to tell me that like a limp penis, I mean it's a attractive thing
Not good
Oh my god
So heartedly concur
Well, there you go
I've seen one or two
5, 6, 7, this hour
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60
And it's just like all this crap we're talking about
I've said it a million times and people all that, and he was really funny
If there were a god, would he have us like eliminate in the way that we do
Would we have to go through this mess?
Do that smell?
Oh my god, through all of that wiping and the, oh geez
I mean even dogs, you know, dogs don't wipe their ass
Well, no, seriously, even if they had the ability they don't have to do it
Because for some reason, thank goodness the overwhelming majority of the time
It's very antiseptic, they, they, well, it's spotless
Don't ask me why they do have the ability and they do
I'm not talking about scraping on the grass
You know, they got to do something
Your dog is scooting, your dog's got worms
Oh, by the way, Carlos, I go to the doctor right away
The dog that just peed on your leg last night, he's got worms
Oh man, I wonder he ran away from home
Who's also using his tongue as toilet paper as most dogs do
Here's sunrise, hello
Hello, Neil
Of course they've tongue this, have that kind of like sand paper is coating
Yes sir
This was an important Julio in sunrise
I, yeah, I just wanted to tell you about the movie 7
Yeah, I seen it
Yeah, what do you think about that for the Grotesque most Grotesque movie
Because the head is in the box we never see the head
Yeah, but you got all over the 7 Deadly Sins, the fat guy, a gluttony
And then you got the guy screwing the other, the woman there with the knife and everything
Yeah, that's true
It's pretty, pretty, pretty good I think
Okay, we'll put it on there to make you happy, okay?
Thanks, Neil
Thanks, paly
I wasn't that the one with the denser Washington
Morgan Freeman
That's why I said it, schmuck
What's in the box?
It's okay, it's fine except for that scene, it's a very good movie
I would recommend it
But I just don't like that scene, I don't like that makes me want to like your...
It makes me want to vote all over the living room
Yeah, I see, like that
What's the living room on vote movie again?
Oh
All right
What does this fact say?
Oh my god, I don't know this song so I can't enjoy the parody, what am I gonna do?
I'm completely stymied
He's making fun of that guy that called, he's in title, he's not the first one to ever said that
Not the first one who said we don't appreciate the parodies as much because we don't know the music
And I can't help it that Bill Cabrine is in a time more, but they're how we're gonna do it
Too late now
Too late now to drag him out of there or drag him off the floor after he heard of that
That's right, he's probably on a way in there, isn't it?
Right
Well, he enjoys that anyway
See that every once in a while I do something that's strictly for him because I know there's nobody else in the world old enough
Except maybe for Moe
And Moe ain't listening to us, he's listening to Tony Bruno and he...
Ha ha ha
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
I'll tell you guys, I appreciate everything on this show
Whether you know what we're talking about or not
And that's Tom Layman
Our good close personal best buddy at HalopoddyXGMC
And even General Sales Manager Joe Pareto
Things that this show and the listeners are a hoot
Even like Sabina Boy a little bit, not too crazy about George
And Halop, check out the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on-boys on-boy XLs, Yukon, Yukon, XLs and Denali's
Nobody's got a bigger selection than Halop
And I should mention also they used to like the worst team a lot
They really were pissed when Greg started dicking around with that morning show
We can only pray that they're satisfied with Pharrell being on
Because everybody else seems to be
Halop's also got a stupidity selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs
For the biggest selection on GMC SUVs, neody else and more
This is the place you'll love the shop and you don't have to worry if you don't have perfect credit
Because they're not going to be real picky like some most of the other car dealers
They're not going to give you like a real grilling
If your credit is marginal, if you once knew Greg agreed no problem at all
They'll still find a way to get you into a fine vehicle
And HalopoddyXGMC, 134-01 Softixi highway
That's on US-1 right across the street from the falls where they've been doing great business
And feeding people stupendous for over 35 years
Open every day, seven days a week
If you want more info on any of their deals just call the Neal Deal Hotline tool for eat
It's 1-885-3442-11
That's 1-885-3442-11
And don't forget to mention you heard about the Neal Deal
Because they'll save even more just for having a ball to mention my name
HalopoddyXGMC, I sure agree when they say we be professional great
My life and locals, this is 4-805-60
Way to way
That the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30pm
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances
Turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day
And for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30pm, mark it down
Well, I'm not the one of these
But I don't know this song
I do
These outfits are class
They will kick your ass
We got a mess
We swelled in night yet
We look like interior designers
We sing light, a bunch of pretty wireless
We're straight
Our agency says we gotta say
These were midnight games
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls
Who think we're as cute as one day
Yeah
But as they get older they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get many joy
We do
We do
Uh-huh
While we're close on the delicate cycle
Don't you do but I should reach your fight
But today we think that we have better safe
We swear we're not gay
I swear we're not gay
Okay, now my opinion Nick Carter is obviously a screamer
And how he might be
But the rest of the backstreet boys aren't gay
12.33, now is that one of those songs they were playing on the Latin stations a lot?
Who you ask?
Well that's what that guy was talking about
Listen to their like more intellectual and they don't listen to the other state of the land
I mean anybody that didn't hear that song when it was out
Because he mentioned the backstreet boys specifically that's why I played it
You have to be in a vacuum right
They were playing that song on pop-up posters
You know I like it that way right elevators hallways
Right
Everywhere
When people were doing the voe and they were voguing in the living room
They were playing that song
Anyway here's a great fact from Tom and Hollywood
I wish I had time to read the whole thing Tom but I don't
About Bush being a Nazi and about the Patriot Act about wondering where the weapons are
And the greatest fertilizers for the seeds of fascism he says are ignorance complacency and apathy
Absolutely correct
This is Howard Beal was right keep up the good work
Thanks Tom and Hollywood excellent facts
560560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Faces of I wonder if that's in my book
Could put out it don't you
Yeah the work movies really they were just I don't know what they were
Yes they were
Are they just they were not documentaries I guess their movies are
You're full of the general sense
Faces of women not in here
Faces three bones same John Cancer that he's more like a face of death not in here
Just they're just collections of clips
But you could buy him like in videos or videos
There were in the theaters
Some midnight showings
Huh there was some midnight showings for those and some selected theaters
Well I'd be throwing tomatoes at the screen you know it
My luck I'm always there on the wrong god damn night
560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
And I don't forget who's out there Miguel right now at Pizza lot?
Yes
Till 1 o'clock we got the lovely Miguel at Pizza lot
You can go out there and see who looks better him or Jeff Cohen
The plantation location north east corner of Sunrise and uphill right beyond Walgreens
We got some tickets for Marlon games anybody want those?
No
And you can register to win a free large cheese pizza
I'll take the pizza thank you
With all due respect to our close personal friends of the Marlon's organization
And enjoy George McGill and Bokka Brian and Beener Boy
Happy R5-7 of Treasure Island this afternoon
5-7 p.m. and this week's feature will be there to our wild
I'm gonna have our usual very low budget crap prizes from QAM
Because we got no budget for them
When I say low budget I should say our no budget prizes
5-670560, Paces of Death 84
The most disgusting, gross or vulgar movie wall time
Pink flamingos Fitty, Transpotting 20
Freddie got fingered 19
How much did Duff enjoy that?
The Exorcist 18, Hannibal XI and Texas Chainsaw Masks were climbing up the ladder baby
It's got 10 those are the ones in double digits
I Schmidt on your grave has got 7
Here's a call from Bokka hello
Speaking of Schmidt
Yes?
How you doing Neil?
Great
I'm surprised knowing in this market mentioned Jackass
Did you see it?
No
Oh, what do you have to see it?
I mean it kind of goes along with our Schmidt theme today
One of the scenes is they're gonna play a prank on this plumber shop
And the guy walks in with his newspaper squats on a commode
But before they did that the guy was saving up something
And as a prank on him they lost him
They locked him in the van as he was getting ready to go out
He's like yeah, I really got to go they say you're sure?
He goes yeah and they lock him in the van and you can see
Are you sure?
Comfort in his face I mean I almost fell out of my chair then locked out
But I was towards the end of the movie and there was even a even thicker scene right after that
Put Jackass on the pole for me
You've got it man
Thanks
Put it on there Carlos right away is it on there yet?
No
Come on let's go
I'm looking I don't see it yet
Now aren't you taking control of this thing?
No
Why not?
We're gonna have to speak after the show
An edition of which why is the number seven in the middle of seven?
That's how the movie was
No
Yeah
I have the tape that's not how it's it is
That's what I saw the other day
It's got the number seven where the V should be
As opposed to like spelling it out
Right
I'll take your word for it right now but I think during the break I'm gonna run in the other room and see I'm pretty sure I got it
I think you're full of crap
Anyway that doesn't have any votes yet in the all or just went up there now
Where's the one he just mentioned is Jackass the movie under yet?
I don't know why you keep laughing
I'm not joking about this see Eric thinks it's a joke
It's not a joke it's something we're taking very seriously man
We got the guy who has stock watch going on your ass Eric
And it's not a pretty picture either
I want to give you a kiss
Okay
21 till 1
You know I never let that run out before I love the way
I didn't know it had like a specific ending
One of the beautiful two people
I don't know if it's that one
I don't know if it's that one
I don't know if it's that one
I don't know if it's that one
I don't know if it's that one
I don't know if it's that one
I don't know if it's that one
20 till 1 at 5 60 W to QM are big one to two comedy bits are from a 1 to 2
Which I guess is when you'd expect it to be
And then in two o'clock we got Joe Rose again for the little for the whatever dog it is
All the dogs all the time
We got Joe Rose filling again
He's got a big heart on four o'clock
You got the Humphre four to seven and you got the seven to seven thirty something new and not too exciting
You got QM rewind the best of QAM which you go to the store we want you got a half an hour for that
Doesn't it isn't there a message in there?
What then you got the Marlon pregame at seven thirty Marlon's at the brewer's to play a team even worse than they are at
805 the night 80k follows the baseball game and our good close personal friends Jo and Mark who want their five to six hour back
Overnight two to five in the morning they want to be on two to six they want the five o'clock hour back they want it back real soon
Davis loves brother and wife or whatever blew his head off by now you've been hearing about laminits arussian how laminit wood flooring from laminits aruses the easy
Lominins alternative to natural wood flooring laminits aruses the best place to find laminated wood flooring from
Peridor pergo Wilson art uniflorand quickstep they've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers
Here's another reason why you ought to be called laminits aruses their prices will floor you right now you can get there some
A special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks that's correct just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars for up to three
Hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminit wood flooring it is positively unfeelable and laminits aruses will match any
Legitimate written off or two for a free and home estimate call laminits aruses tool free one eight seven seven seven seven
Thirty three thirty six what could be easier three carpet disposal three furniture moving waiting for you a twenty five
Year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care laminit wood flooring check this out call laminits aruses today tool for you at
One eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six
My life and local this is four twenty oh five sixty
Way
You're really really
You're
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
It's like you're seen when you can't do it
It's like you're seen when you gotta go
It's like you're seen when you gotta go do it
It's like you're seen when you gotta go
Oh
It's like it's like you're seen when you gotta do it
It's like it's like you're seen when you gotta go
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Chequeux and Reffen's inspector Hans blixes accused the bastards in Washington as he called him
Of mounting a smear campaign against him and the run up to the Iraq war including stories planted in the news media meant to discredit him
Normally, cool, sweet, due to be tear from his UN post at the end of this month.
Also said in an interview published today that US officials put pressure on him
to use more damning language when reporting on Iraq's alleged weapons programs.
By and large, my relations with the US were good.
Blixx was quoted as saying in London's Guardian newspaper,
but toward the end, the Bush administration leaned on us.
And they were spreading rumors that he was gay and he was this and he was dead.
He was got a wife and a family and he out of which so improved nothing.
How do you like that?
You're a fan.
Exactly.
The bastards in Washington, we know them well, don't we on this show?
We know who they are and what they're doing and what they're up to.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
There are the movie Colligula.
Yeah, Gorgherdall.
Ah, is that on your list?
Never seen it.
OK, at the time it was pretty violent and violent.
It's on there right now.
Oh, man.
Yeah, is that still in video?
Yes, it is.
Probably definitely not a blockbuster thing because I think it was either an R or H.
A blockbuster thing?
I know.
Yeah, they'll sell it to you blockbuster, but the tape is blank.
Yeah, it's like, let me let me let me look it up in a book now that I got my 400 pound book here on the other thing.
Yeah, I think right in Macau was Colligula.
Let's see.
Well, right in Macau and Gorgherdall, they had a lot in common.
Call him California's girls.
I beg your pardon.
It was what's his name?
Malcolm McDowell, you're right.
Oh, Malcolm McDowell from Clockwork Orange.
I didn't think right.
Right, I'm going to be in there.
It was no horror movie.
Colligula for some reason is not in here.
So I guess it's not on tape or DVD because it was originally rated X.
I have.
Yeah, 10 house produced it.
Won't be fighting that in my book.
But it's on our list.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
Gorgherdall was in a Gatica also over kind of a minor role.
Right.
I almost said something to spoil the movie.
And you know, that's that's got like three bones in a book.
Three out of four.
So it's highly rated.
That's probably because my good friend Ethan Hawke is in it and you law,
who's a great act.
You you saw it.
Gatica.
Yeah, yeah.
Is it on your list?
No, schmuck.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Well, of course, Magnolia is not on your list either.
So you know, you can either listen to me and be an or can listen to George
when it comes to these movie ratings and stuff.
I mean, you know, George likes crap movies likes.
Well, that's right.
That wasn't you either.
That was a trans spotting with owner boy.
Yeah.
I like it too.
I like it fine.
You got to see the other.
I'm not that that this will never make it in my DVD.
Plurig and you can bet be your boys life on it.
OK, just fast forward and look away.
I don't, yeah, what's that going to accomplish?
Fast forward and look away and look up and see if all the crap's gone.
I was that was that was that careful.
You turn sick.
Really sick.
Don't get pushed.
Yeah, here you'd like to push off a bright about now.
Right off the edge of the toilet seat.
See, George don't like that movie either.
So, you know, his his whole thing.
Take a look at his list and then you know, chuck a little.
And then if that happened to be ones that we agree with the rest of us,
then maybe they are pretty good.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
10 to 1 a Q a M got your rose for mad dog today.
I'll say it about that.
No, no, no, we love Joe.
We love having Joe.
I want some others that mad dog is like he's on a schedule now from from hell.
You ever see anything like this called carrying a good thing a little bit too far?
Just a little bit too far and the rest of us are getting pretty goddamn jealous.
I'm going to have to accelerate my summer Tuesday and Thursday schedule if he keeps this up.
And what they are saying today.
Wednesday, right, the 11 which means I work tomorrow and then you work on Friday.
10 to 1 a Q a M hurricane season is here.
Holy crap.
Before a storm hits you, you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home.
If you have any brains, but what about the roof of your house?
The so may paint factory makes roof mastic.
This is a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof.
So may's roof mastic saved a hundred roofs during hurricane Andrew while unprotected
roofs are peeling off and flying away like crazy.
So may's also waterproof coatings for every kind of roof under the sun.
Call the so may paint factory SOMA Y at 305 63363333.
The so may paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating
manufacturer in the entire state of Florida.
So may is going to save you a lot of money because they eliminate the middle man markups.
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for
national brands and retail stores.
So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough tropical climate with the
best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices.
Call the so may paint factory 305 63363333 or find on the web if you like it's so may.com.
That's SOMA Y so may.com.
Don't forget we save a lot of money when you buy direct from the so may paint factory
and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call.
And this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
So you have one chimichanga to many and you are suffering from a nasty case of the
cucaracha.
You're lowering intestinal tract fields worse than in Mexico economy.
Where?
What to do?
Introducing new South Salac is a south of the border laxative that we have you doing
a hot dance in not a lot of South Salac.
For my gentle laxative with that great jalapeno taste, South Salac is very effective plus
it has bread on a corn chip.
So if your balls are suffering burrito blockage, don't say hi caramba.
Get new South Salac in four exciting flavors medium hot misheat and chunky.
Look for the water with montezuma on a level.
I see you when South Salac.
Now let me ask you why did I do this this hour back myself in a way of just having that
conversation.
No you played all the breaks.
I know I played all the breaks but I'm saying I did the last one too soon.
We thought you were just being real antsy about getting this hour started and we had to
do a few more hours.
I was just looking at the clock and I realized that I did the break.
But that gives us a chance to like, why don't I put everything here.
You thought the show was going to end at one and you had to take that break early.
Your program.
Sounds good to me.
Anyway, what do we got?
Let's catch up on a pool here.
We got the 300, 297 votes.
We have a little trouble getting this thing started today because we have some, you know,
we have a lot of middlemen, a lot of pimps involved in this pool process.
The most disgusting, grosser vulgar move we ever made, faces of death, parts 1 through
a thousand, ninety five votes, no contest.
Pink flamingos 56.
Freddie got fingered 21, trans spotting 21, the excesses 20, Texas teen saw massacre
15, Hannibal 13 and I shmit on your grave as got eight.
Natural born killer 7.
The other one's catching up a little bit slow.
Also, I was speaking of catching up our hot couples contest.
I just checked the thing there.
Vicki and Dennis, we got your picture.
Thank you.
Josh, who is it?
Jody and Kevin.
We got their pictures.
And speaking of the email you've been sending me, what about that link from yesterday?
We're going to put the link to that thing, that website?
You ask a date?
Well, I think we should.
Very similar to PrisonPlanet.com, but not exactly the same fact.
They have a link to PrisonPlanet too.
What is it?
StarCade TV?
Right.
Yeah, let's get a link on air, Peanut Boy.
See, that's your job.
That's your territory.
You're going to have to call Eric for permission first before you do that.
No.
Huh?
No, not that one.
You sure?
He gave me that little quarter.
He gave me a little part.
We can only imagine what that is.
See, like I said, I boxed myself back into a court.
This is going to be awkward.
So there's possibilities.
I could put a stick on the couple of calls in there and add some more stuff on list.
But that would require a lot more work for Eric, which we don't want to do.
No.
Or I could play this.
Oh, my favorite Republican.
This is Mad Rod.
And it's time for the real excuse me uploading.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power.
And speaking of before I do start playing the bits, it wasn't Tutsi Rolls in the punch ball.
Wasn't it Baby Roots?
Or the Baby Root in the pool?
Oh, there were Tutsi Rolls in the punch ball?
I don't know about that.
Right here, the expert.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
We're all in the kitchen.
Who is this maid?
No, this is your wife, Talia.
Ruh-ah.
I like to speak to Tommy Metolia.
Hello.
We're all in the kitchen.
Ruh-ah.
What's going on?
Girl.
No, no, no, Talia.
Talia.
Let me talk to the devil.
Please hold.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Yes.
Ruh-ah.
Tommy.
What is it?
Ruh.
You got the phone.
Oh.
Hello.
Tommy Metolia.
Speaking.
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped down.
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture,
whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it,
but you lost your job.
You know, actually, it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, can you hear that?
That's why Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy.
You're getting your just desserts.
Tommy Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Jimmy Chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than exonc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, Tommy.
We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, geez.
If it's not Chevy, it's T-Cheese.
If it's not T-Cheese, it's...
What's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to berate you.
And all I'm getting is dribbled and Jimmy Changa.
No, no, no.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Ah, ooh.
I was a living in America.
I was a living in America.
You're living in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey.
I got to go.
I got to take over the Taco Bell.
Tammy!
Okay.
Tammy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
All right, all right.
I got to go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to fart right now,
half the neighborhood would go up.
Stop.
Goodbye.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Mumbles Number Five.
He is running towards West.
Don't come up and do a baby back to your mind, love.
And we break the stuff that's caught.
805, it goes good.
What do you got there?
Sweet stuff here.
Sweet stuff here.
A little bit of Monica in my life.
And we're in her every time, her life time.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
We're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
And we're in her, so I need.
560 WQAM is relieved to present the forever and guilty show.
That was a little hollic.
Hey, boy, it looks like you were no better in here than out of old time.
Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel in the life that's in your mouth.
no more. I didn't see it with that voice all day. Look I'm still up there. My voice don't
always sound like that. No this is my voice. I'm not putting you on every day I wake up
sound in the same way. I was saying you want to change your voice? Yeah I want to
grab when I do. How long you got to do is grab your balls like this. I'm going to go my
the
cheers
Pleasetones
Boys
The slightest
That's right
Boys
Tonight
 watts
I once did a girl or should I say she done it me
Oh she thought it was good till I went out my morning world
She asked me how long it would stay and I started to laugh and test
It's a big and a bad girl that shrinks when you pee in the bath
But when I awoke my f*** was lost she cut her job
So I punched her house she better not f*** with my morning world
Where am I morning would
I wanna die she just loves to poop on fixed midnight
She fixed up when I'm just so tired she's not ready she's alive
Oh my God oh my God oh my God oh my God oh my God
She just loves to poop she would never ever touch your f***
She's not ready she's alive
Oh my God try not to romance up what she just said low for my
She said she'd rather strap on her till dawn
I'm right I wanna die she's my dream girl but I just can't be
She's not bound up that she is lazy she's not ready she's alive
Oh stop that so sad when I finally have to be alone
But she will never let me come down to never be alone
I wanna die
I wanna die
I wanna die
I wanna die
Hi this is Hillary Clinton I hope when you run out to buy my book you won't be too shocked to discover
I have a fat f*** swinging under my skirt but you can't blame Bill he's certainly not gay
I just had the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that
Bill is such a horn dog he probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway
And Chelsea well if you buy my book you can read all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhard and our lunchile
Now I wasn't born a Democrat I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tipo Neal
So buy my book now because I can never have enough
If you order a copy today I will personally autograph the all-mood scratches to fold out
Scalish
First there was the club the anti-fept device that locks to the steering wheel of your car
Then there was the cat the anti-fept device that prevents these from picking your airbags
Now there's the ultimate in state of the art that protection introducing the crap
Two and a half pounds of steaming human excrement that clops neatly into the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles
Properly installed the crap that hers even holds determinedly
Hey nice car they left a jaw unlike this for a little spin
Oh my god someone took a dump on the front seat that is disgusting
I'm moving on to the next car
One more whiff of the crap and fees will move on to one other car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human excrement on the front seat
We guarantee it all to the crap for your car today and anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep
Well you know
Well I bought some new potato chips because ain't got any fat
But now we're after I ate them in the john I sat
I knew they had some side of fix but I thought I'd take a chance
But right after I swallowed them I fed up my colon dance
Ain't O'Listra my valve began to seize
Now I'm in the canus rotten with my pants around my knees
Hey O'Listra now I'm afraid to sneeze
Cause I might feel something disgusting running down my knees
Well I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag
And I should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag
So with the weekend don't be surprised if your belly hurts
And in about an hour you'll have the elistus squirts
Hey O'Listra my valve began to seize
Now I'm in the canus rotten with my pants around my knees
Hey O'Listra now I'm afraid to sneeze
Cause I might feel something disgusting running down my knees
Sorry Clint
What was going on in the back of her mind during President Bush's National Congress?
And why was she rolling her eyes?
She didn't know that I'd been high when I had her microphone under her ass
And here's that tape now
Oh you have been seen the night in such a boring way people
I feel it would have done a better job on her ass
Oh God
This is so stupid
I've got it in New York
There's so many people who get out of mind maybe
And this is well what's left of it anyway
What was all the trouble on one?
All the trouble on one from all trouble
We're not
I was attacked by the Mojivan
He wasn't named my friend Boonjam
Oh no I don't feel safe in India
I'd rather be in New York and drive a cab
Thank you my friend
Woooow
Well I'll be back
Look at his face
Did you see this before he said to me?
I'm sure he did
And Texan Highly
Right?
Since I'm a longtime fan I enjoy as many aspects of the show
Especially the recorded comedy bits
One of my favorites is Dickens Cider
The drink which the narrator describes
Best enjoyed fortified with liquor
Etc. And so on
Well imagine I surprised earlier
They when I was getting a drink at a local gas station
And saw that someone is making Dickens Cider for real
It's an energy drink in a black can
With a she-devil for the logo
Maybe it's Hillary
Sample showed up on Monday
Are you serious?
I'm a drinking one now
Are you sure?
Really? By the way
It's a day
I didn't tell me this is already Wednesday
You just tell me now
I didn't think it was newsworthy
I know you probably don't like red bull
It's sugary as hell
So you probably wouldn't like the beverage
It tastes like red bull
Only more lemon flavored it said
You can have their own website at
DCInferno.com
It's a bad copy
Or DCInferno.com
Okay, as in Dickens Cider
Keep up the good word
The app please play the Dickens Cider
But one more time before they take it down
For legal reasons
They are going to take it down
Text don't get panicky but I will play it again
And the logo is really neat
Is it really? It is
Well I'm delighted to hear that
11 past 1 at 5.60 Wtqm on Wednesdays
Between 1 and 2 we play all comedy bits
Certainly take requests but we don't get a lot of them
Because they figure we're not going to play them anyway
And they're probably right
Although we do drop the Mickey Mouse thing in there
And they callia
Talia
Braha
Oh
That wasn't bad
I'll tell you what is bad
When your carpets look in smell bad
Not just dirty but I'm talking about when they even smell bad
Because there's all kind of schmutz in
Maybe somebody's dog peed on somebody's leg
And of course the rest trickle's down into the carpets
You know how that goes
Well dry concepts will make all of those bad things disappear
Just like magic because they dry clean your carpets
This is an exclusive method
There is nobody else in the universe who be doing it
That's why I've used them for well over 20 years in my home
And everybody I know uses dry concept
Now they wouldn't think about talking to anybody else
Because they're the best in the universe
And making your carpets look and feel and smell
Just like brand new
And not only your carpets but your drapes
Your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs
Your poultry, your leather furniture, all of these things
And if you have problems with pet odors
Like I mentioned earlier, moments ago
Or milder odors cause bad water damage
No problem, dry concepts will make them all disappear
Just like they did a little magic trick on your thing
And of course no worries about ripoffs when you call these folks
Because not only do they show up on time
But they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work
No games, no BS, just a stupendous job
At a fair guaranteed price every time
Can't beat it, call dry concepts today
You'll never think about calling anybody else
Call them tool free from anywhere
1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071
If you want more info on a spectacular work they can do for you
Check out their website at drakconcepts.com
Don't forget with drak concepts you really do do
Clean today and entertain tonight
We're Supposed Radio 5 CC
QAM
So let's rip old radio big shot
Oh!
That's how we pass the time away
In the K.O.J.L.O.
All right
Hey!
Hi, I'm Spike!
And you know when I'm driving down Rooftime W on a hot summer day
Me and the Mrs. Always Stop at Dickens
Dickens Fruit Stand
They've got everything for fruit, vegetables, home made pies
But there is nothing like their cider
Eat that right, honey
Dickens cider
Yes, sir!
Why even though we were late in the church last Sunday
She had to have a little Dickens cider
She says there ain't nothing like it
Even my minister says his wife enjoys a little Dickens cider now and then
Hey, why don't you bring some home in our protective plastic rib bottle
That way it'll stay fresh
Or you can let it sit a while and have some hard Dickens cider
It's good at lunch, good at dinner, and there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens cider
Dickens Fruit Stand
Just to a fruit 9W and cut your own 69
Open 24 hours
Because after a chillish summer night
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot Dickens cider
Mmm
When I'm watching basketball on TV
One man is annoying me
Yelling words of nonsense to give me
Boy
And when someone goes baseline
He starts screaming things so nasily
Spritting like a batchy to give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
He should shut his pie hole to give me
When he is on camera
The glare from his head is blinding me
Where did this guy come from to give me
Everything is awesome
And everyone's in speed TV
Wish he'd keep his structure to give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
To give me
How much does it cost?
Can I help you?
Yeah, I can.
Can I help you with this?
Yeah, I can.
Where's my name?
Patrick
He's supposed to talk to someone named Fu
Fu
How long is your second?
Yeah
Hello
Who's speaking?
Yes, hello
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a restaurant for sale?
How much do you want for this one?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss
I come over and maybe eat dinner with you
Okay
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
What?
Chinese
You come from the old school
Can you hear me?
I don't know
I come over and pick it up and look at the boss on
Okay
You know
You know
You know
I know
I want to buy some
Okay
I want to buy some
Okay, I'll buy some
Okay, I want to buy some
Have a pot
You can pinch and you can drop it, you can squeeze it, you can plop it out the pot
Oh, you can squirt it, you can stroke it, you can even roll it, smoke it in the pot
You can sit and read the comments, you can scrub it, you can vomit out the pot
Where?
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Okay
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Oh, you can take it to the pot, you can push it till it's gone down at the pot
And you can jump your goal, finish when they're getting all sit down in the pot
You can let's see if it is when the cops are breaking in down at the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Oh, let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Oh
Let's go to the pot
Let's go
I just want you to stop and get there
Pah
Pah
Pah
Pah
When you lose your way you can chew and you can really die
Do it, it's gonna be fine, fine, fine, fine
When you can sing it in a song, you're smoking in a box
Roking fine, fine, fine, fine
Well, there's a lazy sage in that street with an age
So, it's gonna be fine, fine, fine, fine
Let's go, let's go, let's go, survive
Let's go, let's go, survive
Let's go, let's go, survive
Let's go, let's go, survive
Come on, let's go, let's go, survive
Well, there would either kill and the new row heen
Is smoking fine, fine, fine, fine
Well, there's a black crow that drives a big cry
Is smoking fine, fine, fine, fine
This is being our present rule
Is smoking fine, fine, fine, fine
Let's go, let's go, survive
Here
Let's go, survive
All right
Let's go, survive
Okay
Let's go, survive
Okay
Come on, let's go, survive
Let's go
.
Everybody.
All is
you
Some work.
he's the worst here but i forgot because i smoked too much fine
i went to allow balloons and everybody out there was smoke-a-piles
let's hop
blind, metal-ing, and the grid are actually better than the crew
and the muds with bandages
let's just smoke-a-piles
oh
let's just smoke-a-piles
and the wait-butts
let's just smoke-a-piles
hey, great, waiting time
let's just smoke-a-piles
c'mon, c'mon, c'mon
let's just smoke-a-piles
There it is.
Welcome!
Mixers branch going on...
This guy is really a jerk who's saying
Watch those guest pass the sky
Hold on a counter this guy who's saying
When you're feeling your pain
Remember who you should think who's saying
For a while he was gone and then this guy needs a ton of saying
Took a show on the road got everybody to be old and saying
Now he's getting his dues for causing everyone's blues
Who's saying
Figure he had it made sure hope he likes the blockade and saying
He's a slap while his crap off the mat
Oh right
Who's saying
He's a slap while his crap off the mat
Who's saying
He's saying
Bro
Who's saying
1.27.56
We asked that our poll to be in your ranchers that kind of most disgusting, gross or vulgar movie you've ever seen ever made was
Faces of death parts 1 through 2 million on red 11 not at nobody even close
And you know what that means that means at least I'm 11 people in this audience have seen them yeah
How do you like that I bet you've been your boys seen him nope really yep
Well you got a lot of work to do pink flamingos 59
Train spotting
Don't watch it okay I'm begging you don't watch it 25
The excess is 22 Freddie got fingered 22
Texas chainsaw massacre 18 Hannibal 13 natural born killers 12 and I
Shmat on your grave what is it I shmit on your grave 11
Schmatch mit
Everybody all single digits 27 past one at five six. Oh speaking of Todd Dreck that's kind of like in the same category isn't it with what I was just saying
Fast-trinking at you fully trained for a real career there are a lot of people out there working for peanuts
I mean all the energy you're expending and making no money in a dead end job what's the point when for the same
My effort you can really be making some serious bucks if you want a new high-paying computer career you can get trained by a fast-raining just for sure at months
And have a big fat paycheck every now and then when you do get paid like Carlos called toll free 1 866 fast-raining and because they have locations all over town
There is bound to be one nearby you so it's convenient to go to class during Miami they're in Kindle fort Lauderdale and now in Pembert Pines
Fast-raining offered job placement assistance financial aid convenient day evening weekend classes so we got no more excuses
To be saying in that real crap that end job working for a putts because your brand new money making careers a phone college is for sure at months away
Jump on that fast train two day and call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fasttraining.com
This is sports 205-16.
You way yeah.
Molly Wood with another edition of America's Bottom 40.
Want to you buy the oxy 5 companies newest acne medication oxy 1 5 for pimple free teenagers.
And slowly go.
You have to be a little quicker on a tape boy.
That's a good joke.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down record stories are showing them.
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First let's review the top three songs on the charts and number three guns and roses is singing sweet child of mine.
Well if I had a child around the house today I'd have these four words for lead guitar slash and his chords.
Stay the hell away.
Number two you a who is there eating a living in a perfect world and especially not for you.
You reason she don't speak proper English.
And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back.
Well I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again you probably don't mind.
And by the way George there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
Hi one and lose that silly ass.
Another song on the charts the band Johnny H. Jazz with I want to be a hero is moving down on the charts and deserving myself.
Apparently Johnny also gave music.
I don't think Carol status is him and a Johnny so get a real job.
And there is a song I like Rod Stewart's newest release forever young.
And for a moment I thought it was a song about me forever hung.
And now it's time for a long distance dedication.
It comes first from a listener in Pasadena California to write to their KC.
I'm 16 years old.
President of my class I'm six foot through.
I've blonde hair.
We're 175 pounds and started quarter back from high school being.
But KC I have a problem.
The girls simply will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've been wanting for is my good looks my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend?
Treat me as a person instead of some sex object.
And quit hitting upon me all the time.
KC do you have any suggestions?
Shine God.
Well here's my answer.
Dear Flaming Harbor.
Oh, good boy.
And that's why I think the Jettel have a championship season.
And what did I tell you?
You don't talk to like say you can talk.
This is the beast.
I said shut up.
That's old.
But you're like a father to me.
You don't talk to l'm done talking.
When I'm done talking then you talk.
Okay, I'll be.
Come here.
Come here.
I want you to meet a friend of mine.
Mr. Gump Club.
Why are you on a...
I'm gonna show you the business entities.
Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in ours.
What do you info?
I had ordered tag off my mattress.
Looks like we'll be a bunk mate.
The name's Mohawis David.
Stagras stage screen and paradise.
What's yours?
Nico, Nico.
Hmm, you got so pan.
Nice thank you.
Hey, you can have some.
So powder and grill.
I'm gonna make you my woman.
Hey, nobody's gonna snap it.
You son of a bitch.
God, God.
God, you pinky.
All right, shower.
We got ten minutes.
What else to be safe in here?
Yo, both of us.
Yo, man.
And Laura, new Linda Blah over there.
It's so good.
I'm mad.
Okay.
Come and bother us, me like that.
You know who I am?
No, come in.
Then don't take it up now.
I'll be a blow man.
All right.
But I expect a print in apology I might just run out.
Now, boom, handle, both of us.
Hey, Lord, boom, handle.
I'll take the truck.
I'll take the truck.
Get the truck.
The warden will see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, warden.
Do jack, jack, warden.
How can it help you?
You see warden here?
I keep getting raped.
Do.
He's a vat of shit.
I look into it right away.
Thanks a warden.
Some time, some time.
I'm putting it out.
Drop your pad.
I said drop your pad.
This was odd.
Mavers don't come to you.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rate.
Oh, radio.
Big shot.
Oh, yes.
Now we've asked the time away.
In the gay old jail of ours.
The pubs stop.
The pubs stop.
Got different than rats.
The pubs stop.
He likes a smoking man.
The pubs stop.
He's a group of heads and a pubs stop.
The pubs stop.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's my own miscarriage.
I think I have back.
Once and one get down on breath.
Jesus, fix that back.
Jesus, please, I'm super.
Have been never shot.
Once and one get down on low.
Recent church at truck.
The pubs stop.
Got given the grass.
The pubs stop.
He likes a smoking man.
The pubs stop.
He's a group of heads.
The pubs stop.
The pubs stop.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm taking chill when I feel too fat.
Check pillow, watch that.
Chill for gas and take your pillow.
Nice, it's got in touch.
Take the pills and not a joke.
Pour it, poop and poop.
First and choke and do it.
Took a narrow one and smoked.
The pubs stop.
Got given the grass.
The pubs stop.
He likes a smoking man.
The pubs stop.
He's a group of heads.
The pubs stop.
The pubs stop.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
The pub is getting higher.
I'm taking the pubs and getting higher.
Yeah, the pub is getting higher.
Oh, yeah.
The pub is getting higher.
The pubs stop.
He likes a smoke man.
And he likes a smokiness.
The pubs stop.
He's a group of heads.
The world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the
world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, the world's best out, you are a
She cleans and it is gold as ice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I make a low maniac with the MS.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mr. Julie Annie, she ain't lying, yes, so where's.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now Rudy, did you hear about this one?
Where she suckered bill with a punch?
Rudy, what would you say to Clinton?
Hey, lady, are you screwing much?
If you believe, Hillary Clinton you're good.
Man, are you good?
If you believe, it's nothing up her sleeve.
Then you'll be fooled.
Barnet cut, Barnet cut, was the president pleased?
Barnet cut, Barnet cut, with your performance on your knees.
Was he standing or did he sit?
Did you swallow or did you spit?
Did he issue a number to wait on line?
Barnet, come on, you'll go away.
Compared to the other ones the skies had.
Your conversations with him on the phone
provided can start with a stiff, very hard, or investor gay, shun.
Barnet cut, Barnet cut, what's a nice, Jewish girl like you?
Or Barnet cut, Barnet cut, wearing a dress with president do?
Did you feel silly and were you surprised to find that really?
Was on circus size, with a Dorino jeans and a tiny scrote on a comonaka.
On a comonaka.
On a comonaka.
Oh, we're fine.
Don't lie, all the hard burns.
Don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, that three-card it did with.
Don't, don't, don't, my TV.
He's president of the f***er, Republican bustled him.
And in our ticketed hideous, I don't know why.
They want to watch us guy, but not easier.
First cruise to neck for years.
With president, thumb s***.
Oh, what I did to go both once more.
And get to where you're voted for.
Why?
Here you want this.
Don't, don't, don't, let's drum and stupid tea.
Don't, don't, don't, don't mind this drum and rich kid.
Don't, don't, don't, he's even, lumber than me.
He's president of f***er, you don't care what it took.
You got him in by hook or throw up on the Christians.
Oh, and no one knows who you and I, but you don't feel it.
We've got a great leader here.
With president, thumb s***.
President of f***er, president of f***er, president of f***er.
My life and law, this is 4205 cities.
We can win.
Stop.
If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough,
which could lead to ugly, tartar buildup.
The solution, regular checkups and brushing with new crust,
the tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Hey, side almost got in there.
Bushing can't brush, brushing.
Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive.
See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush.
Come on, Billy, it's been 45 minutes.
Bushing, brush and brush and brush.
If you're not careful, you're going to wear those teeth down to little leaven.
Oh god no!
Crust, son.
I will set a cross.
Hook your kids on a healthy habit for life,
brushing with new crust with crack cocaine.
Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out old man, this is a car jacking.
Billy, what are you doing?
I sit out.
Billy, what are you doing?
Got to go to the car to get one cross.
New crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine,
recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addicts.
Boop back down.
Boop back down.
Boop back down.
Boop back down.
Boop back down.
The world is hard.
Stagg's little boy gets anything he wants.
The statue's down, the dome is gone.
And now every corner has a chevrore wrong back down.
Most of them are dead back down.
Shot the quarters in the head back down.
Make that oil flow, we get that price and gas down low.
We're giving them a taste of the vibrancy.
Look the crack trip barrel in an apple's feet is back down.
They've worked for war is one back down.
We've only just been gone back down.
The world is hard, you know.
I'll have a bag of deep fried kidney toes to go.
Just like the veggies in one more chew,
there was a whole lot of art for the brass to boost back down.
Grab everything again back down.
They won't be doing that again back down.
Hey, we want two wars, anybody know what the rattlers for?
You want some water?
Well now it's ours.
We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal charge back down.
We got the stockings, bags back down.
I ran this gonna be back back down.
Now push this guy.
That is little boy gets anything he wants.
That is little boy gets anything he wants.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
Well not anymore.
Introducing the new carpet muncher vacuum system.
Carpet muncher.
I've never had my carpet munched before.
Unlike conventional back munchers that only suck up dirt.
A carpet muncher sucks and munches your carpet.
Making sure it's as clean as can be.
In fact the carpet muncher system is so easy to use.
You'll want to munch carpet every day.
Wow.
I never knew carpet munching could be so much fun.
Maybe my friend soon will let me munch her carpet too.
I bet she will.
So don't let dirty carpets get you down.
Just be a carpet muncher.
A carpet muncher vacuum system because a happy carpet comes from a happy carpet muncher.
First there was twister.
Then Dante's peak.
Volcano.
And now another thrilling disaster movie is coming to theaters.
But quite.
This disaster takes place after a Catholic family of eight visits at Taco Bell in their family band.
And this disaster changes their lives forever.
A crow!
That quake.
It's a shock that's got to rock movie theaters across America this summer.
But quake.
Readin' PG pretty gross.
This smell alone could kill ya.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded.
So dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the notes they're talking that's a right wing.
It's really get over and over and to our hip.
That iraq has some.
Wampons of past destruction.
3000 people killed.
I'm not forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after sentown to.
Plankato's summer.
There's no longer mention of.
The name in law is.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation as a right wing.
It's really get over and over and to our heads.
That iraq has some.
Wampons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash broth is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Plinophenian cattle don't have any reservations.
Foul and provoke, family, and world annihilation.
Old regime.
Must fall in haliverging and stalled.
With no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the fault and the right wing.
It's really get over and over and to our brainwash it.
I rack has some.
Wampons of past destruction.
Only I rack has some.
Wampons of past destruction.
Bye bye bye.
I'm a fat Jew.
