Don't pour me Neil I never knew that chef Rimmer was your good buddy. I know Rimmer who I'll said that who told you that
The beast is full of crap
Oh, he's got can listen is that part of the job?
What a beast he's talking ancient history
Okay, remember beast, but you're not that I'm so sorry. I can't do you know that you haven't got any clue what you're talking about in fact
The beast out of it low put it last guy that just called how happy your kiss and nails ass, okay?
How's your day off yesterday Neil? What do you mean why day off? I mean you don't you don't work on Mondays Wednesdays and Fridays
Right I'm not gonna do it for you. I'm just showing up here today
It's complicated and interested in here the guest appearance the management here is confused me so now all I do is just
Drive you know you could have put a period in there the management here is confused period
How's your banking going? You know a first you need you need to get started. Yeah, they should only croak
I don't want to get to a carry-away. They should croak like this is an ordinary death, but a wicked painful death
They're the absolute worst of the anti-Christ. They're evil. They left me a message for my checks that come in and I only ordered them in in May
They came in yesterday like there's a story that somebody just thanks to us
I don't want to change the subject because I'll spend four hours on the bank today
But about Rep Florida representative Catherine Harris dead and playing crash now. How come this story is not in the Sunsendale
It's not in a hero does not even on Miss Fudge's website. This is from a website Tom Flacco dot com
I yeah, what that sounds like a really good exciting writer. Here's this you want to know why it's not in there because here's what they put in the newspapers
Today icing down comatose patients is endorsed. Do you know who Catherine Harris is?
No, was she raped by Kobe Bryant? She used to be hanging real tight with Jeb Bush
Now just so happens that Jeb Bush was here in Toronto the last two days you following us. Yeah
And according to this story
It says after there was this light plane that cracked you do you hear anything about that story probably not the city Ireland and Toronto here yesterday morning
Yeah, there was a small private plane out of Chicago to crass because it was real heavy fog
Right and so all day yesterday
They were searching for the plane and for bodies and so on
Source said that governor Jeb Bush was reportedly at the accident scene shortly after the crash
Reports and sources are as yet unable to confirm why the Florida Congresswoman meaning Catherine Harris and former secretary of state during the Florida
2000 presidential election Chad controversy had flown from Chicago to Toronto
You think they're getting it on or something? Oh
Well, that was widely rumored. That was the story. That's great. I hope he's doing her repetitively
Well by according to this story she's dead. I don't think he's gonna be doing it anymore
I'm glad she's dead. I've never heard of her. Huh? I'm glad she's dead
I've never heard of it. We did we did her over and if this turns out to be true
We're gonna be a lot of us very pleased too. Nothing. We wish anybody any bad health
In case we'll make an exception. Yeah, Bush. I mean it runs
In the family like diarrhea. It goes to daddy Jeb Bush
Daddy to sons. I mean, I can't it does a big picture of Jeb Bush and Ernie Eves
Who's the Ontario premier right wing asshole to two assholes
Smiling side by side and and Jeb Bush says Canada and US are so close. They look alike. Wait till you're this quote
This is our governor
He says if I was blindfolded and landed in Toronto didn't have to go through customs
I wouldn't know I was in a foreign country
I'm not
Oh, is this a genius or what I must run in a family? I'm gonna go work out
I don't think anything of the Bush family or
Sucking my ass at 10 o'clock. Where you sitting about sucking your ass?
That's what that caller said just at the end of your show there the last thing
The Roger's ass, but you know, you're not friends with rim
Was you were each in history. I don't like free loaders. You know what I mean? He's like free loaders
I know I'm from his his my days and I'm actually is old and stale and tired
And I'm just I just he's he's like I still try to bang you do
Trying to figure out why Dennis potman has something to do with the panthers
I mean my god isn't he supposed to be living on long I must have naked pictures. Oh that is sweet
Seriously must have naked picture
Kevin Bacon's gonna be a pedophile in his new movie
Have you ever noticed there as I like him and make a favor?
And he always plays like an JFK played the hustler. Yeah, he always plays some kind of really strange weird
He plays creeps really well. Yeah, he's good. He just did the kidnapping one trapped or whatever
He's in fact I'm gonna make some bacon little while there was some guy yesterday talking to George about
Iggy goes down. I did see that movie
No, it wasn't that bad. By the way, George and a beanie boy a horrible movie they recommended don't ever see it unless you already want
A beautiful mine I thought that movie blew oh I watched 20 minutes of it
It was the most ponderous boring crap and I yanked at CDF and you can say Moses a douchebag. I mean just crap
I wonder if Mogo's around talking to himself like that guy
I think any seeing things he was like living out his fantasies in his head
I thought that movie was awful. What the beast told me is that Mowanders around talking to himself with this digit deep inside his ass
No, you know that what's the guy's name the actor there?
That's so pretty. Oh, Bery yeah, he's got body odor at the Oscars everyone pro
Nobody wants to go anywhere near here. Maybe that's everyone said because he I guess the Oscar
Oscar is don't use body of the odor whenever so they don't get cancer like all of us
But then he just reeks of just like just like land filled skin. Oh, is that what causes cancer is using all those the odor
Wants and stuff I gosh Josh Friedman's never gonna get cancer
Here to you
This man hasn't seen a bar of soap since before Jesus was a baby okay Josh Friedman. Oh
My god
He's afraid if he ever touched it he might drop it. That's what I think they should have
Airports should have douche rooms for people that read before they got
I think so how would you like to be one of those inspectors and they have somebody that's stuck real bad coming through taking their belt off and
They're going to go and then and then when they make you take your shoes off
Holy you think two things do you think the who's summer?
The name is not a my for putting his half ounce in foil and going through the metal detector or
Kobe Bryant do you think he actually raped that chick? I think I need a brine done it. Oh, I love a need a brine
What do you remember about buddy?
I'm
Very who else everyone's dead now who's the deep voice guy to died over the very white guy?
Buddy
I
Can't wrap it. There's more deaths in the last two weeks and that congresswoman that was doing the governor
I'm a player rangers player like shanko. Oh, yeah, what happened to him? You didn't see that I saw him on his picture on it
What happened to him? Roman Laiy Shanko 24 was found dead yesterday morning and there's Sunday morning
This hotel room in Turkey and first they said there was no cause it either reported but this morning
I read in the a Toronto paper that he committed suicide he hung himself by it with a belt. Oh, that is sweet
Yeah, cuz he played for the rangers. Yeah, I hate the rangers and I love when guys hang themselves by their belt and a Turkish please
I'm gonna that movie midnight express with Billy walking around and circles the star was true that he really was hung
That was a great movie
I'm doing one thing and I'm doing nothing. It's good. No, listen listen anybody turn your speaker up on the left side
What's your one the left speaker in the right channel?
Do you remember a billion walk around in circles and the next person the prison guy? I'm just visiting here anyway today
What's going on? Don't you remember when the prison guy was doing a mini air?
I have a new freaking Marlon yesterday by the way. There's street gut snap. Yeah, I gotta talk about the prison guards doing him in the air
I meant you would
See how we can change the sun. Ireland should be sent to Turkish prisons. There only 11 and a half games out there on fireman
By the way, George and peanut horrific gas today. We had our favorite
How is his back in business and we're all farting. I love that place as a matter of fact the reason how he's reopened is because I told him I
Old you breakfast is for a month and they open up and said no problem. We'll take care of it 30 days make that
29 there they're sending me the bill in the mail
Hey, did you hear the promo that we ran? Did you want to hear it one more time? Sure here we go
Here it is this it only takes Reaper. He's busy doing his manifesto. It only takes him about eight minutes
Here we go. This is it
You tonight the life 30,000 fans for five hours
How about you buy me breakfast for a month if I get it right okay? It's a deal
How do you like down apples last rank? I'm already through 30,600 plus then I thought of meals
30 days about 30 days
Four fried chickens and a coke and some dry weight
That's what you're getting you got your thumb on it. That's not bad. Have a good day, Neil
I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M
And now it's the continuing episodes of Bieber and Butthead
That's cool. Look I'm stroking my weener
Yeah, I don't know that feeling. Ah, I'll bet you feel pretty good. I'll be sure
Tuning next episode when Butthead hangs out with Bieber's mom. Did you fart? Yes, I did
Okay, I'll reach him back here. Don't go into a panic I'm reaching back for this inane story that you're fixing me
Why did you thanks this to me? Oh?
Just because about Medicaid coverage for
This is boring. I got too much stuff and plus for I'll just kill the first six minutes to the show anyway
Right now it's almost time for a break right now. You're right quick. The second you'll ask
Scott
Quit sucking up to Neil. So I don't know if this story is true or not
We're gonna have to get like because I don't know anything about this website Tom flaco.com. We've never heard of it
But somebody fast is to us and if it really is true because I do know the story about the plane crash
Because it was on the news here all day yesterday was heavy fog yesterday morning in Toronto
And it was a small plane out of Chicago that the disappeared and then they discovered a crash into Lake Ontario
And they were searching all day
But in none of the stories that Toronto star any of the stories is mentioned Catherine Harris
But I will read this story and we'll just we get we got to get a second
We got to get a verification on this right but the big headline says Florida representative Catherine Harris dead in plane crash
According to a source who refused to be named in this story Florida congresswoman Catherine Harris died
Yes, any morning a light plane crash in foggy conditions near Toronto's island airport around 10 a.m
Reports and sources are as yet unable to confirm why the Florida congresswoman and former secretariat stayed during floaters
presidential election controversy at flown from Chicago to Toronto
However, the source also said that governor Jeb Bush was reportedly at the accident scene shortly after the crash and of course
He was here the last two days
Our internet search confirmed that there was a crash yesterday morning in the Toronto islands at about 9.57 a.m
And that there's currently a search while this was yesterday and recovery being conducted
According to a Toronto Globe and Mail report at 451 yesterday afternoon
How also we all confirmed there was activity in Harris's Washington DC congressional office at least until midnight last night on the Monday of a long
Fourth of July holiday weekend when congress was not even in session
The dual plane was a small private beach crap piloted by an unidentified American according to constable Mike Hale
Hales of the Toronto Marine Unit speaking at a press conference yesterday afternoon
Hale said the Adi Adiante plain held seven people including pilot and six passengers
Uh, and it goes out about how they try to confirm it with Harris's office
It says it curiously at least one person was working quite late in Harris's congressional office last evening as their call seeking commos answered at 10.35 p.m
Most strangely the female who answered the phone did not initially identify that we'd even reach the office of US
Congresswoman as would be the normal procedure thus indicating that the woman was likely not a member of Harris's regular staff
So we asked again whether it was her office. Yeah, it is the woman said softly
Whereupon we answer to confirm or deny that Katherine Harris died in the plane crash yesterday morning
The woman somberly told us reporter no comment. We're busy. Goodbye. Hang up the phone at around 10.36 last night
We called back again around midnight the same woman answered the phone
We again asked whether representative Harris had died in the plane crash in the morning
The woman said I only answered the phone thinking you were somebody else
I don't have the authority to answer that question goodbye. She said hang out of the phone around midnight
How you like that?
Ah
Sounds really uh suspicious to me
What that was Katherine Harris coming here to Toronto for a while jib was in town for two days. Huh one can only wonder
Enough to send collab off another one of those wild shopping sprees
Pretty bizarre. Okay, we got a lot of stuff. We got the marlin game coming up at
145. Let's hear it. So we got a short show today. Damn it
What a bad break 10.13 will get to yesterday's poor results
Georgia courses usual taking one of his typical pools
We got that Hillary and short paragraph today from Hillary
A lot of stuff on the plate heavy duty a plate
You know when the time comes to have your carpets clean the name you want to be remembering is dry concepts over the years
They've done a wonderful job for yours truly and for everybody else that I know quite frankly
Dry concepts the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years in the only carpet cleaning company
That dry cleans your carpets. It's an exclusive panted method that makes your carpet should look just like brand new
And now dry concepts offers you an opportunity to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning
Just call dry concepts tool-free at 1 800
2 4 8 507 1 and has to be put on their stand by list
Then dry concepts will harder than next time they're going to open in their schedule
Just like when you fly standby if you're available when they have it opening
They'll knock 15% off the price
Call dry concepts today has to be put on their stand by list
They might even have an opening for the you on the day that you call and you'll get 15% off the regular price of the job
If you want your carpets looking just like brand new at a guaranteed unbelievably low price
Called dry concepts today and save even more call tool-free 1 800
2 4 8 507 1
5 and the local
This is 560
3 years old yours
You in
I'll take your children I'll sell them to some Haitians
New York is where she wants to go
This is five or big
Oh
Shake it after
Broves in my
Married
I
Can
My
Thorns over so I should have give a graph
I want to your to be online one day
I hear that for the roads to great white way
I want more exotic food to keep
From the street vendors who sell those potato things
Location horde
Strength wraps your
I like arp and sword
What for I want a divorce
I want all of you
Okay, let's take a look at Hillary's book
Living history Hillary Rotten Clinton here's today's paragraph very short painless
My mother fought some relief from the oppressive conditions of Emma's house in the outdoors
She ran through the orange grove that searched for miles in the San Gabriel Valley losing herself in the set of fruit
Rappening in the sun
At night she escaped into her book. She was an excellent student who teaches and courage to her reading and writing
That's yet of today's paragraph today's excerpt the centilating expert from Hillary's the best-selling book
Living history
Cram
Speaking of books
I got from my good close personal friends at amazon.com yesterday
Nice delivery. They sure are great. Yep. Let me just say this right now. Okay, because people are always accusing me of being negative and ripping this one
And if somebody is good, I'll be the first one to scream there up praises
Amazon.com is sensational
Study you know schlepping around or doesn't different books doors and looking for a book that I know I'm not going to find here
Anyway, I ordered it from them. I first order and once you place the first order online with them
You don't have to repeat all your all the information because it's locked in
Be trail the crisis in the Catholic Church by the investigative staff of the Boston Globe
Actually, that's a book out of be reading from on a year every day, you know. Yes, please. Yeah as opposed as opposed
To that Hillary Crayl. I just mentioned that in passing
So anyway the thing shows up nice in a nice box
And there it is through just a couple of days and I had it but I mean
Here's the uphold a George took yesterday and kind of embarrassed. What's up your ass? Oh, right. Don't see there
He goes again with an ass stuff. I mean the first show right out of the box
What are some point schedule? He doesn't waste any time he gets right into your ass
With like a little periscope
What's up your ass? We had a thousand twenty seven votes
So must have a lot of busy asses out there asshole drivers three hundred and fifteen of you said that
Schmidt two hundred and forty eight have Schmidt up their ass. Well, that's good. That's probably a good sign
Now that indicates they've been eating lately. That's good
George 91 almost nine percent they they got George up their ass
I get around spam 81 other people's cell phones 56 lifeless locals 51 my mate 41 my boss 40
Now see our boss and up our ass because we never see him which is good even if I'm there we rarely see him pita
38 we got another pita story today about Kentucky fried peda. Oh, they suck. You're crazy people all you pita people
peda I mean I love animals to a point but you people are like insane. You need to be institutionalized my bank
22 votes
That was my vote. God
See it isn't just playing ordinary pedestrian walk. Kovie anymore now it's first union walk. Kovie
Which is like the anti-Christ has just taken over my bank
Since I've done my bank. Well, let's see a butt plug 22 be an abory 11 my phone company 10
That was that was the end of George's pull the result
I don't want to dwell on it for more than another two three hours about the bank sucks win
What's your IQ gotta be to work in a bank?
Seriously, I mean how stupid is it possible to be and
It started out it was family band by the way my best regards to my close personal friend Matt Korshoff and miss you Matt
Called me on the year one day several years ago offered me the services of family bank kitty corner right from where I live
It was great. He used to take care of everything for me even used to call in my my federal tax deposits everything
Give me like friendly personal service with a smile
Then all of a sudden he left and family bank go change a little bit then all of it before you know to became Republic security bank
That wasn't the too bad. It wasn't great. It wasn't too bad
They'd screw up your account maybe like once or twice a year at tops
Then all of a sudden before you know why you're sleeping you wake up in the morning and Republic security bank
Just became watch over your money bank. They suck
And you go into the bank or you go through the drive through another than my friend Carol
I miss you Carol other than her you don't you see people you never saw before you never want to see again with an IQ of about third man
And they just keep screwing up your account and like putting holds on your account doing all these bizarre things
That they've agreed that they're not going to do and just screwing up your life. Well then all of a sudden one day
I don't know what day that was
It becomes not just plain or ordinary walk over your bank anymore, but now it's Republic security and I'm in the what is it first union
first union
Could that be the same first union as in first union securities and matures?
Yeah, that's what it sounds like to me. So we know what they're all about their crap
And my nine digit
Account say I got I got two accounts in the same bank. I used to have nine digits in your account number
Now it's 15. They had told me yesterday on the phone during my three hours that I spent on the phone on screwing up my account
Now it's 15 digits. You know what that means?
Well, they tell you that that means that used to be just a number now. You're a much smaller number right
Used to be just just another number to us now. You're like a little teeny time
And this is what's happening in the USA boys and girls
This is not just every radio and TV station all by the same couple of companies every goddamn bank every a supermarket
Everything you know everything you buy everything you need is all by the same bunch of grave robbers every pill that you have to take
Everything your whole life is owned by about a half a dozen goddamn companies including those Nazis at Walmart
So that's what you got you've got a bunch of incompetent assholes. You don't really care about you
They put a hold on my check again in my last deposit and it took them about 10 days to finally decide to contact me and let them know that they had bounced the check
I wrote to myself they bounced my federal income tax and deposit
They set off a chain of events. I go to my ATM on Saturday morning here to my nearby next door ATM
I stick my card and area and it goes
Like that it starts laughing at me like
Like that I hear giggling sounds your financial institution declines because you're overdrawn in your account
Well, I'm overdrawn in my account because they put a hold on my guy then deposit
So I can't get any cash out of the ATM over the weekend. They've screwed up my whole goddamn life
So I had a real pleasant July 4th holiday weekend and about three plus and hours on a phone yesterday talking to a bunch of
Inbasils morons
Oh, but if you call our one eight hundred number they can handle it see the reason she was dumping me off to call
1 800 number with somebody who's probably in Polkipsi or somewhere who doesn't have any ID who I am is because I find out later
That she this bitch over there. She had a line of people at her desk with the same complaints that I was making
She's just trying to get me off the phone
So all I want to say is watch over yourself. Okay, because if you're with first union
Walk Kovia Bankman you got real tourists if it hasn't happened yet. It will
It will
Just a matter of time not a question of if it's a question of when
Because they're incompetent and they don't give a crap they they could care less
Do we have any confirmation on the Catherine Harris story? No, yeah, because I checked the Miss Fudge report. It's not on there
We have no cable here currently. Oh, geez. I'm gonna get on CNN right now. Isn't that a pretty sad commentary old
Years begins an amazing recovery
Talked out when he said the first time he was able to speak. Oh, okay good. We'll we'll wait with Bated breath
The twins died by the way in case you missed that overnight those
Sign these twins they died. That's my fault
Yeah, cuz George said see you don't want to be like for well now. He's just he goes way over that crap
I hope they all die, you know like this hockey player he dies. That's great. That's great. Yeah
Come on. I wasn't hoping that they would die. I was getting off my career. Yes
There are Iranians you hate the Iranians. You always have I never met one you put a hex on those two young women
I can fast this is the story that pissed me off so bad that I just want to spit blood almost enough to make
me want to come on here in the day that I'm not working almost you know, I said
This fort Lauderdale child molester and suicide case gets 10 years probation
Suspended a sentence basically is what it boils down to
A 35 year old man was sentenced to 10 years of probation yesterday after admitting he molested a boy at least twice about 15 years ago
The victim was not in court yesterday. However, Chris Hamin shot himself to death April 28th
Just days after learning his abuser would like to never go to prison he was 27. He's dead
And this guy gets 10 years probation
Hamin city was molested over a two month period when he was a child by a man he called Uncle Freddie later identified as Frederick
Irreserie the attacks occurred at Irreserie's coconut Creek home. All the victim was in Irreserie's care
When police contacted Irreserie quickly confessed according to police and court records
Criminal charges were filed Irreserie was looking at life in prison for raping the boy
Irreserie was about 20 at the time of the crime. There was a problem. However
The defense raised a question about whether Hamin was 11 or 12 when he was abused
Hamin's age at the time was crucial if he was 11 there's no statute limitations for prosecuting the abuser
But if he was 12 the time limit already had run out
With Hamin's death just weeks past Irreserie on Monday pleaded guilty to two counts of attempted sexual battery of a child 12 years
A roller in addition to a decade of probation
Irreserie has to register as a sexual offender have no contact with any child under 18
Taken past two polygraph test a year and give officials a DNA sample so it can be entered in the database
But no jail time 10 years probation because of a technicality because the kid wasn't 11 he was 12 and now he's dead
Didn't enough to make your blood bro I want to puke
1027 at five 60 happy Tuesday to you
We got the marlins on direct at 145 marlins after cubs that really feel 220 this afternoon the big
Oh after the ballgame 80k at 10 and join mark overnight everybody's on vacation everybody's out at town
It's just they know we're just patching it together
I just showed up today because I'm a nice guy
He had to near ride your summer savings event presented by Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto at Halipondy at GMC two more rebate eyes guys
Here's Neil Dill number one waiting for you right now get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 potty acro GMC in stock
Neil Dill number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in potty ac and stock on your current and former military personnel
Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halipond right now
Neil Dill number three at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as little as 289 bucks a month
It's a 36 month lease talk to our friends at Halips for all the details and also right now at Halipondy
You can still test drive a vehicle for 24 hours
You can take it home take it to work take it to your massage parlor have a great time with it
Don't leave anything in the back seat and as always check out Halips great selection of pre-owned vehicles
If you've been turned down by other dealers because you have marginal credit
It's not a problem at Halipondy'll cut you deal
Halipondy ac GMC 134-1 South Dixie highway that's US one
Across from the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on these great Neil Dill's cover tool free hotline
One triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil Dill's subject to credit approval
See our friends at Halipondy details once you do some car shopping over there
You'll agree with the rest of the world then a Halipondy ac GMC they are professional grade
We're supporting Neil five CC
UAM
All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time today on Beverly Hillbilly's 90210 Mr. Drysdale buys miss half the way of vibrator
I like it miss out wait well it's interesting
Beautiful next tonight on Beverly Hillbilly's 90210
So I just read the entire story about the plane crash the light plane that crashed yesterday morning here
Yeah, did you also read the facts? I just sent
Uh no because it didn't come over yet. Okay, and it said
That's just an internet rumor
I'm sorry. I mean, it's just an internet rumor
I see
Well, it must be a little bit more than that because this story is very very lengthy
I mean, I'm who now ever heard of Tom Flacco calm not me
But it doesn't mention anything about the name it just mentions the name of the pilot in this story in a globe and male
It doesn't say anything about who the passengers were so
Certainly as possible and of course if it turns out that it was her and she was on her way to Toronto and Jeb Bush was here for two days
That would sure be interesting wouldn't
Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Captain Harris is sitting in the audience and sees Ben right now. Yeah
So she's not dead
She's maybe they got her propped up. No, this is live. They're giving out distinguished uh
What you call it awards, but they keep standing the audience and she's sitting
Way over and far right. So she's alive as well. Are you sure it's not a stunt double?
Thanks for the good news pal
Like I said, thanks for the bad news
So what did I tell you when you sent me this? I said I was very skeptical
But we all know why not go with it
Sure, just in case and then we cross our fingers and hope that maybe it was true
That's a bad thing to say, but I really do uh, I wish I nothing but the worst
bitch
So evidently it's uh another one of those internet rumors like you said and of course this website is a marginal
Invest to the hell over her to bit which is why we can't find any place else because ever to ever deadly
It didn't happen evidently
NBC was called just called the station to tell us it was uh a fake the stories of fake
Okay, well, just don't get so breathless. Okay, but it was very exciting for a couple of men's one that
Yeah, what do you mean NBC just called the station?
Is that just came running in here to tell us that NBC called the studio to tell us that it was a
Might away on you assholes at NBC aren't you embarrassed at MSNBC at a fire Michael Savage after putting them on her in the first place
Isn't that pretty embarrassing?
Yeah, come to the peacock has got its tail between his legs
MSNBC yesterday fired that right-wing fascist Michael Savage for anti-gay comments
The popular radio talk show host who did a weekend tv show for the desperate cable channel
Refer to an unidentified caller to which show Saturday as a sot of might and city should gates and die
His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said
There was no media comment from Savage according to a spokesman his office in California
The branch talk talking savage is one of radio's hottest jocks. It says here
His Paul reverse society advocates closing borders deporting illegal immigrants mandating health test for immigrants and eliminating entitlement programs
The televised version of the Savage nation began March 8th despite the protest of such innocent groups as the gig and lesbian lines against defamation
Erid at 5 p.m. on Saturday
Savage didn't rent laid into a tv hit
He increased the ratings for the time slot marginally according to MSNBC in other words
They probably went from a 0.1 to a 0.2 or something like that nothing
The incident that resulted in his firing began innocently enough savage was taking viewer phone calls about the airline horror stories
And a male caller began talking about smoking in the bathroom
Half an hour into the flight. I need to suggest that Don and Mike take your something the caller said before he was cut off in his words
became unintelligible
You know what I think your caller said Don and Mike wow blow
So you're one of those cytomites are you a cytomites savage asked the caller replied yes
I am oh you're one of the cytomites have it said you should only get aids and die you pig house that
Why don't you see if you consume me you pig you've got nothing better than to put me down you piece of garbage
You got nothing to do today. So go eat the sausage and choke on it
Yes another phone caller didn't have a nice light in the bathhouse is angry at me today
These bombs mean nothing to me. He said
Glad spokeswoman Kathy renna said of Savage's firing. It's about time
The latest detect made the clearest case for why Savage has no place on any reputable news network
MSNBC witnessed firsthand exactly the kind of verbal assaults glad in the warning them about for the past five months into their credit
They backed up their promises told him accountable and they fired his right wing ass
As if it makes a difference. I mean he as far as TV was concerned
Didn't even make a blip on a Richter scale and you know who else doesn't make a blip on radio
I can see that Glenn Garvin and the hero does got this big big glowing piece over the weekend about Bill O'Reilly
And about how he's kicking ass on TV. He and he talks about his three million listeners nationwide on radio
You know how many there are in South Florida
Yeah, he doesn't he doesn't even crack a zero. He doesn't make a point one on a radio in South Florida
And since you're writing the column in a heralded in South Florida, Glenn Garvin
You might want to mention it in there, but of course you wouldn't because it's obviously a puff piece
sucking up to the right wing
Representative Catherine Harris is alive and well-her office announced they respond to an internet rumor to the country
Jennifer plant in the congresswoman's office said Harris arrived in her Washington office yesterday afternoon following the July 4th break
A website is claiming her husband was killed in a plane crash in Canada
Harris's author of the center of the store and published by WND books
Which tells how she dealt with the controversy surrounding the fixed to that. I mean the two-thousand presidential election
And the parts he played when she was Florida Secretary of State and sucking Jeb Bush's butt or whatever whatever she was sucking on
How do you like that? She's still alive
We thought we had some really exciting news there to start today. It turns out to be a hoax. Oh well. That's okay
Was exciting
It's a dog days of summer. We need a little bit of excitement whether it's two or not. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Hey, I'll go say she either knew too much or she blew too much. Yeah
Or maybe later on okay, okay
Well, that was he waited a long time for that you know
567.0560 pound five sixty on a AT&T Verizon. We got a lot of dead people to get into here today
Here's our pull question today when you can help us out because we got to add to this
and
And the reason I'm doing this is because number one dikes are definitely in and number two
We always do this with guys, you know, which of the male celebrities you think is probably most likely gay
And then we give some real questionable ones like Ricky Martin things like that
Right which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a dike
J.Lo
Mariah Carey
Britney Spears now. I don't think Britney even a lot of votes
But there's some you know that whole Justin Tinkerbell thing, you know
I'm dreaming it made you really wonder Britney Spears Jamie Lee Curtis
As in they don't come much more much more than Jamie Lee
Anna Cornel Holiah although George the Nislet like crazy
And Hillary Clinton although I don't know Hillary's not a celebrity
But we'll put her on her anyway just roll. She's an off the rest. She's an off the other that makes her a celebrity
That's a list we got so far which of these female celebrities and please don't waste our time with Rosie O'Donnell
Who's out of the closet or with somebody who L.N.D. generous is out of the closet
That's not the question
Because you know they'll do that. Oh yeah. Let me think about Rosie
Which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a dike because dikes are definitely in
These are the days for dikes
J.Lo Mariah Carey Britney Spears Jamie Lee Curtis Anna Cornel Holiah or Hillary Clinton and the list will continue
So you didn't realize that buddy Epson
Vote no head up
J.Lonnie
You know that's one story we got right on the show last week
We mentioned that he had been hospitalized and of course when you're 95 and you go in the big house
You generally don't come out right right
He didn't come out when he came up and not alive 95 is old enough
But he on speaker 95 is old enough my mother had her 90th birthday on Saturday
And I set over personal delivery a beautiful card with a nice big fat birthday check and I caught her on Saturday morning
You're the only one I haven't got a birthday card from you. Yeah
How why every year the same embarrassment okay?
Do I ever fail to have a birthday card on that found her birthday?
I was gonna say bitch, but I better not on her birthday. No
So every mother's day and her birthday July 5th to the come pretty close together is a nice big fat check
And they might actually clear for while watch over your money gets my account straight enough mom maybe not
Yeah, the only one didn't send me a card. I got one from your brother and one from your aunt and one from my your mama
Yeah, so anyway buddy Epson was 95 that's old enough and when you come right down to it ma
Buddy Epson the loose limb dancer turned Hollywood actor which he'd start him and reaches in the tv series the Beverly Hill bullies and Barty B Jones
Has died
He was 95 died yesterday George missed it
You missed it. Yeah, sorry
You died Sunday morning at Torrance Memorial Hall Medical Center in Torrance, California said Pam hope in a relation to Bob
Administrative nursing Supervisory been admitted to the hospital in Epson and palace birdies estate last month for treatment of an undisclosed illness
You know that always cracks me up people say oh gee, well, what did he die of he was 95 like maybe old age? I think
That might be a something like that something gave out uh-huh
Something just kind of like fell apart
10 41 19 before 11 at 5 60 WQ and don't forget that Marlon game come up to saffron 145
We get a 15 minute reprieve today because it's a summer months we give them today for it. I beg your pardon
Are we gonna give tickets away? Oh, yeah for the uh, we're gonna give tickets away to listen to the Marlon come game today
So everybody call them we'll give you some free tickets to listen so Catherine Harris is still alive
And I don't apologize because I said right off the bed. It looked like a really bogus story to me, right? But nevertheless it was there
And it created a little bit of a the fact that NBC called the station to inform us that it was a bogus story that was outstanding
That was sensational. We love our friends at NBC. Do we have any besides your rows?
No, no
10 42 at five
I don't think we do at five 60 WQ way and you know hurricane season is definitely in South Florida right now before storm hits
Every year you'll put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home
But what about the roof of your house? The so may paint factory makes roof mastercare roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof
So may's roof master saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were pealing off and flying right down the road
So may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made called the so may paint factory at
305 63 63 33 the so may paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida
So may will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups
They sold everybody at wholesale prices that are 60 percent lower than what you'd pay for national brands at retail stores
So this year protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices
Call the so may paint factory or fight them on the web at so may dot com you save a ton of cash when you buy direct from the so may paint factory
So ma why be sure and tell me that old Neil turned it to call 305 633 63 33
33
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
5
No cost it has reported but this morning's Toronto star says or somewhere I read that they believe it was a suicide and then he hung himself with a belt.
How many hang yourself with a belt?
Here I'll show you.
Oh.
You put the one in through the loop, right?
But you don't put that little tang through any of the holes and then you get a loop around your neck and you tie it off to a pipe or something and then you jump off the chair.
Oh.
Why Shanko was acquired by the Rangers Mark 12th, the March 12th, 2002 along with Mark Tan Ruchinsky from Dallas stars.
Why Shanko played a final 15 games of that season with the Rangers two more last season.
Yadi Yadi play most of last year with Hartford and the A.H.L.
The Rangers organization is shocked and deeply saddened said President Coach Glenn said they were in a state of an issue today.
He played 138 career NHL games with the stars and Rangers scoring 14 goals and it's just like so many others lately he's dead.
A lot of people die in these days including lots of Americans in Iraq.
I just mentioned that in passing every day.
Every single day there's kids dying.
Good movie.
The Born Identity with Matt Damon speaking about an afflick.
Matt Damon was great in the Born Identity.
You haven't seen it yet?
No, not yet, but I will.
How about Bonehead Boy?
I thought.
And I thought it was good.
I missed like the really first part of it so I was confused almost to the end, but it was still a good movie.
I got news for you.
You're still confused.
But I thought it was very good and he certainly that was his best role.
I would say I mean he was like really they pushed him up and he was he was pretty good.
I'm good.
Look good too.
Nice going Matt.
Bad movie like I said.
Awful movie and you both ought to hang your heads in shame.
I mean for it wasn't bad enough that somebody there gave me a bully.
That was me and kids and gummo and Harpo and Groucho and I crap.
That wasn't bad enough.
But then a beautiful mind.
Oh my god.
What is it that you could possibly like about that movie?
You didn't see it so.
I saw it first 20 minutes.
I would be in a coma right now if I would continue trying to watch that.
Okay.
I mean you talk about slow.
Yeah well.
It was like my life was on 70 RPM and it was like on 33 in a turd.
Yeah whatever.
Slow.
Didn't go anywhere.
Well it did.
Well I didn't have time to wait.
I was in a big hurry.
I'd rather wide up watching which I did see the black cat with the Velagosi and the Boris Carlisle.
I watched that instead.
It was on my screen TV.
That was good.
And you saw it?
Yes I did 100 years ago.
Now here's a movie.
Well guess what else I ordered but you are disappointed me this morning.
I ordered Edward on the VHS which everybody says is great because it's not out in DVD yet.
I don't want to wait.
Another order from Amazon.com.
You see when you do me right I'll talk you up from now till the end of time.
When you screw me over like first you knew how Kobe a bank.
I'll rip you an ass because you deserve it because you suck.
You suck.
They should only rot at first union while Kobe a bank.
Oh well our policy is this and our policy is it?
Yeah.
They don't even know what that their policy is.
They couldn't get it straight if you had a guy named Gun of their head.
Oops.
But anyway.
Urban legend with the lovely what's his name?
Jared Lido.
I ordered that and you said it is okay.
It's a yeah teen slaughter.
Logan.
I saw the preview of it on one of these screen TV.
One of my numbers that you don't get.
And it looked pretty good.
I mean if you like that kind of thing I mean that's okay.
I like that kind of thing.
All right.
Instead of the review I read said it wasn't as good as scream but it was then close.
Scream was good.
It was a hoot.
Sure.
Now here's the movie especially for all our whole is all the 30 we got listed out there that you will really enjoy.
And I think everybody else will too.
Now maybe this is the movie that they keep crawling on and I don't think it was Mexican though.
It seemed to me like it was a film didn't have spaniards.
That's not the one they keep calling about the one you see.
Oh.
It's from the year 2000 kisses for everyone.
I've seen it before but last night I saw it in centenary.
No.
In spongebob with English subtitles.
And I'm not sure some of the words that might come up here what I recorded from it but that's okay.
The other thing don't speak spinoff.
But that's right.
It's from trance.
Notico.
But for this you know they might learn it.
He must have separated the halloween.
The prelude of the movie.
Yeah.
Oh he must have been watching a beautiful mind.
Oh sorry.
Can I have a look?
That part later.
That was him.
Now we're going to show you the resistance that they block the positive thinking.
Where did you get the money from?
Anyway there was a lot of sex, a real and imaginary and a lot of young people and a bunch of sloppy hookers.
It was just a really cute fun movie.
It was nice.
Sloppy hookers.
Yeah.
You're kind of movie.
It's okay.
Kisses for everyone in esponial with English subtitles.
I'm just recommending I enjoyed it a lot.
I liked it.
You didn't like it?
Well that's where you haven't even seen it.
How do you know it's bad?
How do you want to hear right now in a sitting position?
Now guarantee it's better in a beautiful mind.
Okay.
I'll check it out.
That was so freaking boring.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Oh Coral Gables.
He's in there.
Sure gets around.
But you sound like you're far away today sir.
You sound like you're fading off into the distance.
Like your life.
Retire.
Too much energy.
It might be your last asshole.
How is the pool coming?
Look at Swenery man.
She is pulling away and we need some more suggestions for this pool.
Hillary 37.
Jamie Lee Curtis 13.
Thanks for correcting the spelling Eric.
Slob.
Anna Cornaholio for Mariah Carey 3.
J. L.O.2.
And Grittney's got one.
Grittney's got a big one.
Is what I'm hearing.
I'll let you check it out.
Grittney's got one somewhere.
A lot of people would like, oh those two twins by the way they died.
My fault.
Well you put a hex on them.
Everything was going along so well.
And they were you know, breathlessly on all the news channels even up here.
They were telling us every every incision, every thing that they were doing.
And then I get up this morning, oh they died.
See it's their fault for inflicting it on me so much.
What's the next big story because they died?
1057 at 560 WDQA.
And summertime in South Florida guarantees three things.
Heat, humidity and hurricanes.
Now you know you can't control the weather.
Unfortunately, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season.
The hurricane shutter window shop provides the best hurricane protection out of the sun.
We just want easy call to the hurricane shutter window shop.
They'll be at your home the next day with a quote for hurricane.
Shutter's windows and doors customized and engineered specifically for you and your home.
From panels, the courtyans roll up shutters, impact resistant windows and doors.
The hurricane shutter window shop will not be undissold.
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks,
you're buying direct from the manufacturer and wholesaler too.
Call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free 1-800-538-0191.
They also offer cash and curie for you to do it yourself handyman.
So if you're serious about hurricane protection customized and engineered specifically for you and your home, call these folks today.
Call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free 1-800-538-0191.
Tell them that ancient Neil told you to call 1-800-538-0191.
My, my, and local, we're sports radio 560-0192-AM.
Ritians, done as dirt.
Is it?
No, look at that.
Thanks a lot Miss Budges and Beautiful thing.
Huge headline story right above the big gap hearts.
Thank you.
That's how we're going to talk.
That's a good thing.
And it's full of hope.
Yeah, the chain is not a heart that's old.
And it's gone above.
He'll keep on working till as hard as cold.
He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old.
But it's really old.
Oh, well, we made the big time.
We made the Fudge report.
Good morning to Miss Fudge out there.
I know you're listening on the beach.
She loves me.
She's obsessed with me in this program.
You do realize that, don't you?
Yes, I do this.
Anyway, here right above the above the headline,
I mean, the big story.
Mine is top rated local talk host, Neil Rogers.
WQAM 560-AM spelled correctly.
Thanks, Miss Fudge.
Fueled an online lampoon yesterday, today, Tuesday.
I better put my glasses on so I can read it, OK?
Well, it's, you know, a couple of inches away.
Tuesday, that Congresswoman Catherine Harris died in a plane crash yesterday
while in the clandestine rendezvous with Florida Governor Jeb Bush in Canada.
Catherine Harris is dead reported by me, legend Rogers.
I've got the new story right here.
It's on the internet, a plane crash.
Representative Harris, who rose to national attention during Florida's
2000 election, recount appeared live on a House Farm Washington,
as Rogers was detailing a repaired death rate posting found online.
How do you like that pitch?
She gets around, you know what?
My God, she's all over the goddamn place.
Nice going, Miss Fudge.
Thank you.
And, you know, let me just say this, if Fox News can go to court
to get a ruling that says, oh, you can just make stuff up and put it on here.
It doesn't have to be true.
That's right.
Then we can do it too, OK?
Even though we were conned in by somebody said it's the facts.
That's OK.
We were skeptical enough, don't you think?
Yeah.
We said as much.
Nothing.
He would say that.
He would say that.
He would say that.
He would say that.
But nevertheless, I made for some of Son of God, a son of God,
the Mfudge report in the middle of the summertime, in the middle of the Adog days of summer.
So, whoever sent us that original facts, thank you very much for the misinformation.
Here's the facts.
It says, I love this fact.
It's short, right to the point.
It said, Barnaby Jones had one of the best theme songs, but the show itself was boring.
When I was a kid, I would just watch the opening credits and then change the channel.
Good thinking, yeah, me too.
I love that, man.
When we did those shows on TV things, I kept trying to pedal this and convince you people this was the best.
It is.
It's the best.
That is the best.
Am I right?
I like it a lot.
I'm not asking you.
I was asking our buddy.
Absolutely.
He'll be back Thursday morning, by the way, those of you who've missed the moment.
The Mole Meister.
Let's see, how about Neve Campbell for your poll?
It seems that every movie role I see her in, she's sucking face with some other chick.
Maybe she keeps picking those roles for a reason, just like maybe Moe keeps picking his butt for a reason.
No, honorable mention.
Cameron Diaz, just a hunch, or even the two together, I'd go see that movie.
It says, I don't think either one of them is a dyke.
Do you?
No.
Okay.
Well, I mean, we could put it on here, but I don't think so.
Because we got a whole bunch of other good ones.
Jodie Foster, how can we leave Jodie off of there?
Because she's well, not now.
No, she's not out.
She's not out.
All right.
Just because you have very heavy, heavy suspicion.
Huh?
Okay.
She's not out.
Okay. I know she's not out.
Now Betty White.
I mean, Betty White, I believe, but I mean, nobody knows who Betty White is anymore.
Okay. Only us all for it.
So that would be a good one, but I'm not putting it on there, right?
Elizabeth Taylor is ridiculous.
How many times she been married?
About third, man.
Come on, this week.
Elizabeth Taylor, just because of her fondness for Michael Jackson, she's a fag-hag.
Okay. That doesn't make her a dyke.
In fact, most fag-hags that I've encountered in my life are not dykes.
Amazing enough.
I don't know. Maybe they're just afraid of a penis.
I don't know what their deal is.
I don't know. I've got somebody.
Jody Foster.
When you stop picking on my friends, Jody Foster is going to go on the list.
You got to know who's keeping track of this.
We all are. She's on there.
We all are.
Because I don't want to push Venerable because he's obviously had a rough start to win today today.
Anything you'd like to tell us about?
Wendy's great.
I beg your pardon?
Randy Moulthashe is great.
That had nothing to do with this morning.
I just had it said that on the air.
Well, we know that.
Randy Moulthashe is great.
He helps all of my friends and me and everybody else.
If you get a ticket, if you get some kind of a traffic problem, if you're irresponsible like Venerable,
call Randy Moulthashe to take a defense team.
He's the best in the world.
Love your Randy.
Save my ass.
Yeah. Believe me, it's going to take a lot more than him to save your ass.
Jody Foster, Jackie Johnson, I don't think so.
I think Jackie buried.
But well, that proves it to me.
But I don't, I mean, she's just Janet Jackson.
Now we're starting to get a little more of the meat of the matter.
Get Janet on there.
And Liza Manelli, see again, confusing.
She's a fag hag.
She's not a dike.
She's a fag hag.
Just like her mother was.
OK, it runs into family.
Judy Garland, Liza Manelli, Liz Taylor.
They're fag hags.
Don't you get it?
No.
Don't you understand it?
No.
It's got to do with no fag hag from a glory hole.
People are so out of touch, you know?
Seriously, straight people.
Some of you are pretty nice.
No.
But you're so out of touch with faggery and practice.
You're out of touch with life.
Oh, fag.
Flory holes are just for fags.
I know that.
Get to.
Well, if you were a little bit more creative,
if you were one of those unisexed pearls,
just imagine what you could be doing in there.
Anyway, how about Angelina Jolie?
If there's Trisha, she looks gay.
Angelina Jolie, have you ever heard that?
I know a lot of lesbian women really wish she was.
Yeah.
She's very popular with women.
Well, now we're not asking who would you like to be gay.
That's not the poor question today.
Who do you think is most probable?
OK, not fantasy.
Not who would you like to take a tumble with, but, huh?
That would be like my saying.
I think Ethan Hawke is gay.
It's just ridiculous.
You know what I'm talking about?
Swishful thinking.
Urban legend.
So you didn't like that.
I'm just wondering.
No, I like the point.
I like the movie.
I'm just dreaming everything.
I just didn't know that I didn't think that you were a lot.
At least in this movie I got farmed all the way through.
So is somebody going to call us about their kisses for everyone movie?
That was really cute.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
I mean, it's not in the league with a lot of these other heavy, heavy movies we've talked about.
But it was cute.
It was in Georgia.
You'd like it.
I'll watch it.
And by the way, we heard the rumor.
A little birdie told me speaking of that that Miguel was in there on Friday.
Saying that at the end of the show.
Yesterday was it.
Saying he didn't like a record in Purdue.
I guess you didn't read the company memo.
That we don't allow more than two sticks on the air at the same time.
Just keep it more important to I say.
Here's Pembroke Park.
Hello.
Well, see Miguel didn't like that movie because there was nothing about cast or when it yes sir.
The Gourney Weaver.
Is it Dike?
Of course.
How about Charlie Weaver?
Uh, I think I played with Cloud.
Yeah.
Yeah, him and D.
The thing is, yeah.
Okay, we'll put around here and make you happy.
And he puts the Gourney Weaver on there.
Okay, she's alien to me.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We can build a nationalist here.
How's it going so far?
Hillary.
Yeah.
And look at the number on here.
Hillary's got 69 votes.
I wonder if there's a message there.
And nobody making cracks about, you know,
Janorino and sister Jean and stuff like that.
Hillary Clinton 69.
Jimi Lee Curtis 25 and a corner.
48.
See, I told you.
I bet you one of those was Pavelle Berryville.
I only wish.
Isn't there two ends in Anna?
Mariah Carey.
Uh, what difference does that make?
Uh, we'll just take up more space.
He's got a long last.
They don't be picking on the poor Eric.
Okay.
He's under such incredible stress now.
Because he knows that sooner or later,
Bina Boy is going to screw up and he's going to have to do all this stuff on our website.
We got a whole bunch of great bedtime stories on our website today, including, uh,
Captain Harris croaked.
I heard Matt Dredd was flying the plane.
I heard Miss Fudge was flying.
Not with a plane.
You're right.
Here.
See anything we do on this show will be on there immediately because he listens religiously.
He just obsessed with this show.
In fact, he's probably on the phone right now with my good friend Lynn Sammels.
Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
You know, I have it a good time.
That's, that's okay.
That's okay.
Lynn just can't help herself.
You know, she's, uh, one of those I was talking about.
Mariah Carey 7, Britney Spears 6 and J.L.O. 6.
Well, Britney's got 6.
Now, that's either 6 people who are thinking about Justin Tinkerbell and about all these, uh, you know,
uh, bye, bye, bye.
That's stuff because I'm thinking about it.
Have you ever seen her where the guy to look good?
No.
No.
No.
I was searching, I was searching.
No, seriously, after she dumped Justin allegedly because this is all tabloid created bullcrap.
I mean, don't believe any of these things you read or hear.
It's just all manufactured like Leo and all those Ordies Leo's who have a little hot paint.
Right.
Bullcrap.
And Ricky Martin knows hot chicks.
Yeah.
I think the hot chicks he had where it Kentucky fried and repeated people ate too happy about it.
He was just here recently, Ricky Martin and they all said who he was here in Toronto.
I had a lot of losers here lately, Jeb Bush.
He was having a client, Justin meetings with somebody, but we don't know if he's here.
I'm not going to say you.
He's scientific.
The best thing to do in those studios.
Say I can drop it and I'll do the show today.
That's a really cute movie.
Are you out of see it?
I will see it.
A little bit on the lighter side.
I mean, it's got like a very poignant, it's got some poignant ending and it's said when so on.
But, excuse.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Missy Elliott.
She's around more sick.
That's him again.
Mm-hmm.
See now today he's from Boca, but he's not lying now.
Why don't you try calling out another line, asshole.
Okay.
So I don't know before even punch up the call it.
It's you.
Or what did you try this?
Yeah.
Try that.
Yeah.
5667.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
If you rise a wireless line.
Which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a dick?
And Hillary is running away with it.
And what about always told you?
If you were married to an ice princess like that bitch, you'd be out there getting the humors from any,
you get anything you could from anybody.
Or anybody alive.
Huh?
Or if I wasn't.
But I'm just saying.
I mean, all these people that were picking on poor Bubba because he was horny as hell.
What would you do if you were married to a bitch like that?
Well, 1113.
Not Monica.
At 560.
Oh, I was looking for that movie too.
I couldn't find it the big girl, Lewinsky.
No, they did not have luckily.
I guess I lucked out.
They didn't have the big Lebowski and either one of the stores I checked yesterday.
That's the good news.
Let's hear it.
Oh, right.
I've saved some money.
Seriously, if anybody in this audience liked a beautiful mind with Russell Crowe,
I'd like to hear why.
I don't care if it won a thousand awards.
Okay.
So did Al Pacino when the Academy Award for that.
After you see it for this.
This is a branch of who he.
Right.
That isn't what I was looking for.
I was looking more for like that, but it'll do.
It fit in pretty good.
Thanks, Bubba.
1113.
We got the Marlins and the Cubs at 145 today.
Isn't today Don Charles pitching day?
Be your boy.
What?
You keep taking me to know that.
Even I who pay no attention to baseball anymore.
Even I am at least aware of that.
I believe Don Trevalus is pitching for the Marlins today.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
Let's get with the program just because you're not a fan.
This because you have to like observe some of these things.
Get with the program.
Man.
You're on a sports station as Duff would say.
But that.
Oh crap.
Where is that?
As Duff would say.
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
Sports.
Oh.
No, he knew that before after he shaved off his mustache.
You know what?
Right around the same time.
I don't know what was going on.
You know how his voice kind of cracks on it.
Let's hear what.
Oh, it's beautiful.
Hey, if you're on the Atkins, ready other low carb sugar free diet.
Here's a great story that you will fall in love with the lights of West Booker.
Where you can go and shop to your hearts to light because everything in a story is geared just for you and your needs with over 900 low carb sugar free products.
The lights of West Book is introducing new ones every month.
And this month is no exception.
Try the new low carb instant cup of soup.
All you do is add in water and microwave it.
A low carb meal on a cup with four delicious flavors.
Try the new simply low carb muffins for a quick breakfast.
Your own individual size cheesecake or low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondes, brownies, the lights incredible selection of low carb pasta, sauces, dressing, chips, chocolates, their famous carbolite ice cream almond snack cakes and six delicious flavors.
The at last brand chocolate, crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all.
You'll be real happy about that.
I know I will be carbol right ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes.
A low carb meal on a can.
And be sure to check out Judy's low carb peanut riddle with what it was in peanut brevirtle with unbelievably great taste.
Well, I haven't had peanut brittle in a coons age.
Sounds good.
Anyway, come in and sample them all at the lights because you can try it before you buy it any day.
Stop by and talk to their staff when it was dieting inside and out.
And don't forget all Atkins brand products are on sale all day every day at the lights of West Book.
And they're open daily to Nintendo.
And you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Not too far from that fancy place where Moe lives.
Call them to free at 1-877 low carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget that's the lights in West Book.
Your official Atkins retail center.
Demandage I am a pussy.
Universal Pictures and Association with grease it up production presents the blockbuster hit of the season.
Seven years in my butt.
Just fuck it.
The Marv Albert story starring Harvey Firesteen and Richard Geer.
Seven years in my butt.
A penetrating biography.
What did I just want to be loved? Is that so wrong?
Coming to a theater near you.
Is that for real? There are any inter-harvey firesteen?
Never seen the two of them together, have you?
That's true.
Love it 20 at 560. Nobody can...
How come Miss Grudge didn't put on there that...
Well, there are a whole bunch of things you could have put on there.
Just sticks that on there.
You could have put a whole bunch of other headlines about this show.
He ought to have the QM lineup on his website.
How come we don't have a link on his website?
Come on, Miss Grudge. We want a link.
You asshole.
In fact, oh, speaking of people in the closet.
What about that Mark Foley, huh?
You ass representative Mark Foley asked organizers of a nudist summer camp for children to strengthen their background checks of employees yesterday.
After meeting with leaders of nudist organizations who were defending the camp.
Yeah, this is Mark Foley's big thing now is the teenage nudist in the camp.
Nudist camp.
That's his big cause, Celeb.
Come out of the closet, Mark.
It's long overdue. You know what I'm saying?
Got it?
A coalition of groups representing recreational nudists asked to meet with Foley,
appealing them to respect the privacy of the families who choose to send their children to the camp.
Of course, the people at Foley, you know, can sort this with...
They like to send all of us to camp, a different kind.
Foley called attention to the camp last month when he asked Governor Jeff Bush to investigate whether the summer program was illegal.
Bush's staff... Did you hear about Katherine here, Spineway?
No, what?
Bush's staff, she's still alive.
Bush's staff responded.
They found no education of illegal activity, but that they would check to see if any complaints have been filed.
The week-long summer camp run by the American Association for Nude Recreation outside of Tampa allows kids 11 to 18 to get together for game sports and discussions about their choice to stay in the buff.
I want to make sure that they're properly regulated, properly secure, and they're not going to have kids come in contact with undesirable said Foley,
a West Palm Beach closet queen Republican who's running for U.S. Senate.
Nude is too met with Foley, say they wanted him to stop harassing the camp now that state official said it was legal.
It's a fundamental freedom in this country that makes such personal choices, surely mason executive director of beaches foundations,
through the group that supports clothing free beaches set in a statement.
Hey, I got this for you, Mark Foley. If you want to start investigating something, I was thinking it was a little bit deeper into the Catholic Church, the pre-scandal,
since we've only scratched the tip of the iceberg.
If you want to find some real trial molesters, some real pedophiles.
Anyway, speaking of Ms. Fudge, let's see, here's the fact that says, what is a fag hang I really want to know.
And they're serious, obviously.
Yeah, they are. What is a fag hang? Well, a fag hang is a female, a heterosexual woman who for some reason has an affinity,
an obsession for hanging out with male homosexuals. You got it right.
First, as an Elizabeth Taylor and Michael Jackson, as in Brook Shields and Michael Jackson, and is in Liza Mnellie and Judy Garland,
from any gay man, and that kind of thing. As in my friend Lynn Samuels and Ms. Fudge, and the list is long. That's what a fag hang is.
I don't know where that expression came from. I don't know, but they run. Fag hang.
I read it in a mag. Dad, you should have to be an old mag.
Here's one that says, I need to share with you what is probably a classic Rush Limbaugh experience.
Since moving to New Jersey, I continue to listen to show work by the way. Thank God.
Thursday, work let out early for the holiday. And the car was slipping through the stations up here, came across Rush,
ranting and raving about what is supposedly the new meaning of the words American and patriotism.
He was angered by the fact that some people are claiming that the qualifies an American or patriot, one must speak out against the US government and government policy.
As support for his spiel, he played the off-heared Senator Hillary Clinton speech, professing that being an American means having the right to be free to speak out.
Of course, he wasn't advocating that to be American, one must exercise this right.
Never less since his speech was probably already discredited merely because it came across as Schrolin screeching weeks ago.
It was logical to Rush that it could be substantively discredited as well.
As his show as an opinion based, it's his right and his listeners right to disagree with the viewers.
However, he totally misinterpreted what he said. And once he says it, it becomes gospel on his show and blindly followed by his listeners right.
As Rush spoke, I found myself sitting in my car shouting, no, no, at the radio knowing that as followers were not going to get it.
If his listeners understood his show to be sat there a comedy, I'd read easier.
Keep up the work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work,
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work, good work
America's top spy catcher Paul Redmond has suddenly resigned in the middle of his secret investigation into how Sodom Hussein and Osama bin Laden allegedly obtained US computer software the Sunday Express claimed this weekend The software said it was able to two most wanted men in the world to avoid capture because it can pinpoint every move in the global manhunt Redmond's departure last week was accepted without discussion by President Bush the man who had brought this spy catcher out of retirement to conduct the investigation
Are you ready for that? Yeah, I'm soaking it.
Hours after Redmond and cleared his desk Bush ordered a GBP 25 million dollar bounty on Sodom's head.
He wants Sodom dead and alive and the same goes for bin Laden already Bush has agreed to either man for going to trial and being shot after interrogation.
The official reason given for Redmond's abrupt departure was health reasons but stunned colleagues in the Homeland Security Department of Washington where Redmond had his office insist the former associate director of the CIA was in perfect health is the part of his lead to intense speculation that he may have begun to uncover embarrassing details about the software came into the hands of Sodom and bin Laden.
Let me read that first sentence again America's top spy catcher Paul Redmond has suddenly resigned in the middle of his secret investigation into how Sodom and Osama allegedly obtained US computer software.
Which is said to enable the two most wanted men in the world to avoid capture because it can pinpoint every move in the global manhunt.
It kind of like a scene from a born identity where they were like pinpointing I mean it's a pretty neat movie I think you can enjoy it.
It's on the list where they can watch every street in the world they can bring it up on a computer and they can see who's on a street and they can zero in and they can zoom in your toilet and into your into your it's amazing.
Pretty damn good stuff and of course probably that's the way of the wind anyway it's probably coming if you ask me.
Uh huh.
In fact I want to sworn I saw Jim Bush and my balcony about a half an hour ago bitching me out about that Catherine Harris story.
Too bad, Jeb. Too bad it's not true. Wouldn't that have been a scandal huh?
Oh yeah. Wouldn't that have been something.
So whoever created that phony story and then that nice job because he put all the pieces together very nicely.
What do you hear what I'm hearing?
What are you hearing?
Well maybe that's outside I don't know maybe they're like drilling or whirling I hear like so because everything is so nice and quiet you know.
Beautiful day by the way it's 80 it's going to be like it's going to be 80 it's going to be more than that but it's beautiful sunny not a cloud in the sky.
I just mentioned that in passing.
How's the weather in South Florida be no boy.
Actually this is the first day in like 20 that has a rate.
All right. Not even noon yet. Okay. It's not even noon. It's not time yet for those big cumulus clouds to start forming over the everglades and then sweeping across the state.
Here's a call from this is amazing in it. It's not even noon yet. We've already got our second lady of the day in Boyton Beach. Hello.
Hi there. How are you?
Good. I'm cool. God. How are you?
Pretty good.
Good. Kind of couple for you but these might be obvious.
I don't even know what a bag had yet. So.
Oh yeah. That's true.
You're so happy. You missed that even if you didn't know the name. Right.
You know. Why do you have to explain that anyway. Helen Hunt of course. Right.
Helen Hunt. Sure.
Absolutely. Okay. Her ex-beard tank. The area.
You know Linda Evans and Yankee Yani. Right.
Linda Evans is it Dyke?
Yeah. Absolutely.
Come on.
Absolutely. Inside info.
Okay.
How about you over here.
Plant it out or get those on your on your on your from their website.
Okay. Well my. My died sister.
Forging to me. My Tyson hates his mom.
My mom left him hates women. My person is a Dyke.
Little.
I'd be and Janet Jackson might be a bag. I don't know.
Have you ever seen Janet Michael together? Well how can we have him put Janet Jackson on the list here yet? Have we?
Oh yeah. She's got five votes already. Janet excuse my.
Yeah. But she might be Michael. I don't know.
We can't say man. We can't. No we've already done that a million times.
We even said if you want to but we've done that you know been there and done that.
All right. Anybody we might not suspect.
I don't know. I think Helen Hunt pretty obvious if you know but that might be a revelation to some people.
Maybe Miss Fudge will be put it on her website.
I think I might right next to Catherine Harris have a great taste. We don't.
I hate what Kovia enjoy your vacation. Oh you said the right things. Thanks.
Bye.
What Kovia bank blows okay in case anybody has no if you're thinking about opening into a account software to do not go.
The first you need to walk Kovia okay under penalty of death they suck they will terrorize you they'll destroy your day.
Your week your life and certainly your holiday weekend. God.
How do you like to be a big shot like me and make the kind of money that I'm well see I because you're going to see it.
Okay. But let me just finish and go to your ATM not not that I would brand short of cash thank goodness because I you know me I'm like a walk in bank.
I got a few hundred American I got a few hundred euros so in my sack I've already got some spirit that I could always get it to change place.
But the point being you go to your ATM it's like a routine with me you know when you get the best exchange rate by getting it out of the ATM.
You stick your card in there and it goes.
And you hear like the little man inside the machine like who are you kid man you're your financial institution says you ought to be institutionalized because you don't have no cash.
Well let me tell you it's worse when you're not a big shot when you still have a lot of money when you don't have a big mattress full of money to fall back on or a wall it was.
That's even worse that's right and you're very very careful to make sure that you don't make any mistakes and still.
And which that is good.
And you know something I haven't I haven't had anybody call in today recommend me a bank which I was hoping would happen.
I would give me some some friendly personal service and not keep putting a hold on my deposit.
Well I didn't want to be a tool that's for sure they suck yes hard.
Oh god and of course like I said the people are working banks I used to think well you know the Tom Jones he's a he's a bank vice president.
Everybody's a bank vice president means they're making about 15 grand a year is what that means.
It's an ice title but it means they're a flunky.
Oh do I miss those days of friendly family bank and Matt Korshaw for my good friends I knew everybody in there they knew me there was never a chance that they were going to screw up my account ever not a chance.
With these people if they get it right it's a freaking miracle you kiss the ground you start rubbing your rosary beads you rub it real hard.
If they ever get your guy then deposit right at first union what Colby you man they suck.
You people make me sick I should sue their ass you know just for the stress factor.
Okay is not a guy that I'm showing Fox the stress factor class action yeah let's all sue their ass and evidently I wasn't the only one because the long July 4th holiday weekend you know they had extra opportunity to screw up people's accounts when they were desperately hoping to get some cash.
Oh well it's in our policy if you need to find print it out they send in these little brochures that everybody Schmidt cans and throws in a waste basket.
You know a little message from your bank you know from first union and the print is so small you couldn't meet with a magnifying glass and you Schmidt can't even throw it away you see it's nothing.
And in there maybe maybe they said well our new policy is you know if we don't like the way you look or it's not the right there we're too busy we can't be bothered not putting a hold on your deposit.
Even if you're the biggest deposit in our bank let me say it again you people suck you make me nauseous don't do it again okay do not do it again.
Now I got another new deal is every time I make a deposit I gotta send John in or the bank if I'm not in town which is most of the time I gotta send somebody in there with the deposit handed to this broad who's sitting at the desk.
And she scribbles a little thing on there like you know like a little like a hex.
She put some kind of Jamaican hex on me when and then she sends him back to the guy then yeah that's it to the teller teller what tellers that she's full of crap.
18 till noon at 560 WQM for the next two weeks it's a special holiday deal let's see for the next week we did last week from our friends at balance for life it's the best you live ever offered.
And how did we ever find out if the beast is doing his black sac or not?
No no he's not really on fire.
Well let's get with it Troy okay you're a good guy Troy Stratford I hope you're back straightens out for you but let's get some information here.
Because we got a special deal 10% off when you say you heard about balance for life on the near larger show but you got to do it this week.
Balance for life is an easier delicious a smart way to lose weight because it takes all the figuring out of your hands in your head.
No cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no cover high rate counting no sitting down and picking out all kinds of like they were doing that awful movie beautiful mind you know.
He kept writing all those formulas on the window and all that you don't have to do any of that crap because they do all of that for you in fact they probably are using what's his name they're using the guy from the movie do it.
When you think okay that movie is so boring.
Oh god it's awful anyway deliver right to your door from balance for life a little black sack and there's the food you need for the entire day every day.
By six o'clock in the morning it's waiting for you right at your door three delicious fresh gourmet meals no chemicals nothing pre fabricated delicious food and two great snacks are in your sack it'll keep you full all day long.
And the only choices you have to worry about making are between two alternatives on the menu for each meal every day that you're on the program.
You can fill out a menu once a week whatever you like there's the food right there for you.
So if you're sick and tired of being fat out of shape lethargic if you're diabetic or on the verge believe me it's not a happy way to go.
Let balance for life help you lose that way once and for all don't forget this week and actually 10% when you heard about it here on the near larger show call 954 5 6 8 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 29 or check out their website balance for life dot com.
5 6 5 6 8 3 2 1
Well congratulations get alive.
Hey, for a lot by the way son I've been given it some thoughts.
Oh, what do you think it is I know that me and you can do much better go in 6 to 10 and not in 5 a Gentile in the cranky Jew.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind you got to have your weary bed.
Stand on to tight no chance of the way show it you.
I'd rather die we'd be crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big mafie Jew from Brooklyn high.
I've been raised by everybody but you you're not my type.
Me and my wife we had a fight that you survived.
We'd want to hear a Gentile and push it down that's happy together.
But show what you and me for me is much better 6 to 10 not 5 it's only right that I should get for sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Let me 50 10 to the new to 5 60 W. Come boy the bikes are just pouring across my thing here.
I don't know but now that they mention it.
Here's one that says and colder than I'll see but thank you so you'll get her on your right away.
It'll get Miss Fudge all with up to a frenzy.
They'll be on a phone.
Get her on there.
Can't stand that bitch.
Jeanine Graffalo.
I put the stars around that.
And Kathy Bateson says she looks pretty much out of me.
I'll say to them get them all on there.
Here's a whole list Whitney Houston.
Absolutely.
Christie McNichol widely rumored remember those days.
Do you think anybody knows who that is anymore?
Oh yeah but yeah she's easy.
That's too easy.
No she's not out of the closet.
Don't you understand that like Jodie Foster isn't easy?
Oh yeah I hear she's really easy.
Melissa Rivers.
Kathy Levine who's a product hostess on the QBC the shopping channel.
I don't think so.
Child star from Rosanne Sarah Gilbert.
Gilbert.
Downtown Julie Brown.
Elizabeth Shoe.
What happened to what's his name Shoe?
Andrew Shoe.
What about him?
And his brother Shoe Fly Pie.
I remember Andrew Shoe he was on what was that show Melrose place?
Okay.
Elizabeth Shoe.
I'm just reading the list Shade.
Am I saying that right?
They're close enough.
What is it?
Sharde.
Sharde.
S-A-D-E is Sharde.
Hey don't argue with me.
I see.
I got them to do it that.
And anyone who married Tom Cruise it says I think that's a nice little text.
Get a whole bunch of those on there.
Here's one that says Nicole Kidman's best friend is Naomi Watts.
Who did those delicious lesbos scenes in Mahon Drive.
I remember those well.
They've been best friends in high school in Australia.
By the way did you look in the ordering of Fraldy?
And what about the scene in Born Identity when Matt is washing that girl's hair and he takes his shirt off?
Oh my god those biceps.
It says and you are absolutely correct.
They really puts them up for that movie man.
He looked really really good especially for him.
Matt Damon.
I just mentioned that in passing.
He looked really really at a bombing good.
Good movie.
Even all you heteros out there will enjoy Born Identity.
Here's one Mike Cooper City saw a great movie the other day on videotape.
The pond broker with the director of my city Lament and Rod Steiger.
Well first of all Rod Steiger was great.
He's dead.
He was great.
Not that long ago.
They're all dying.
And it says please.
What does your book say about it?
Which one?
My big book.
I thought you had the dog the dog bone book.
Oh that dog bone.
The pond broker three and a half out of four bones.
1965 a Jewish pond broker in Harlem is hunted by his ruling experiences.
Nazi cantering the Holocaust powerful and well done.
Probably Stagger's best performance adapted from a novel by Edward Lewis.
Well I've seen it several times.
It's outstanding.
Do we also the first time I saw catch 22 the most important scene of been cut out.
It's the decree memory that Adam market has that explains the motive for all his actions.
I didn't understand it.
I saw an uncensored version.
Major giveaway hint disinvolvement.
Well now I got to work again.
It says makes me wonder what other good movies we haven't seen can't get because they've been banned.
Or whose meaning has been changed through censorship.
Good point Mike and Cooper City.
Don't buy your DVDs at the blackbuster whatever you do.
At Schlockbuster they suck.
Not as bad as what Kobe a bank.
Here's a lady in Coke on a creek.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How are you?
Good happy summer to you.
And back to you.
I have one to add to the list kind of older but Barbara Walters.
Barbara Walters you think is a dike?
Well doesn't everybody know?
I'll be honest with you.
I never thought of her in any kind of a sexual way.
She looks to me like her.
Well me either.
But she's just been around forever and I've always wondered about her a little bit.
She always seems like want to interview the women a little too close or something.
I don't know what it is.
Yeah and of course she's on that view show and then she start that show.
Yeah I think that's all lesbian's actually but I don't want to you know I don't know their names.
So I don't want to.
The view from the edge of the dike?
That would be a better name for it.
You should have your own TV show.
Oh yeah.
Okay so I have a facial rating on I know.
I'm saying it's on Friday's from 10 to 10.
Right.
Also that poll you do the other day about the best, well the actor you would not go see in a movie.
How about a poll for what movie you would go see just because an actor is in it or an actress?
Well that's a good idea for Thursday.
Who would draw you to a movie?
That's an excellent idea for Thursday like I said.
Personally if you were going to go see a movie just because of an actor who would it be?
Oh.
That's very tough.
I don't know.
I may be mad Damon now.
Yeah.
Because he's been going to have to go rent the foreign identity because of you.
Oh it's very good.
You like it.
Okay well I love it.
Very unusual also.
Okay well he's got quite the upper body that's for sure.
Yeah he sure does in this movie I'll take it in.
In fact I think it might be a stump body.
It just makes me sick to know that Ben is probably the only one that's getting his hands on it.
Yeah.
Who cares.
Who cares.
I do.
Yeah I do too.
I guess I'd watch.
Why not right?
Okay.
Well thanks Neil.
Have a great day.
Yeah have a great summer.
Bye bye.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
They all got the hot for Matt Damon all of us.
So now do you like that?
Even Benerboy said he looks pretty good these days.
Oh speaking of that.
You know how silent he is today after again having more problems this morning that we don't
know what the LAR.
Yeah.
Really silent.
Yeah.
Keep in mind speaking of Benerboy in the hot couples contest that we've only got this week and
then starting next Monday that's a deadline.
Are we sure it's how better get the ball rolling here?
You know one more couple yesterday that I saw that they were fine.
That was good.
But I mean we what we got two or three like three maybe four.
Well we got to get with it.
You only got this week to email to contestatNeilRongers.com.
Email a picture of yourselves and we got those three nifty prizes to give away.
Trip to the Bahamas, trip to Jamaica or the dinner for two of the pizza lobsters third prize.
And the deadline is next Monday July 14 and then the pictures will be up there on the website for a whole week.
And the winner is on the 10 o'clock on July 21st that morning on Monday.
Which you get to deal with.
I'll deal it.
But that's the deal okay.
So let's get those pictures coming in because we only got four or so far so you've got a good shot and maybe winning.
1157 at 560 WQM if you called the Alamak Prasieta 1-800 Mac Prasieta.
I can't imagine what you're waiting for if your old Mac Pras is lumpy and worn out because if you want the best brands at this
calm prices every day without any of the hassles of showroom shopping then do what I always do call 1-800 Mac Prasieta.
These people are got delivery down to a science you get to choose the date and time to fit your schedule.
You get a tour of windows you're not sitting home wasting a whole day and they show up on time by the way.
If they say noon to 2 they'll be there noon to 2 if they say 1-3 and you get it.
And Alamak Pras delivers evenings weekends and holidays whenever it's most convenient for you.
Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish foam mattresses that you see in the specialty stores.
Well, Alamak Pras carries tempera pita as well plus all the big names you know and love.
Serta, Simmons, King Corlan, Celi and all at discount low everyday prices too.
So I have an the biggest mattress store in the country just an easy phone call away.
Recently the lovely but confused Miguel called 1-800 Mac Prasieta.
They got a great new mattress from the folks at Alamak Prasieta.
He says nothing that have been easier was a piece of cake.
They showed up right on time.
They set up the new mattress. They got the crappy old stain vetting everything under the sun.
So don't wait another minute pick up the phone right now and call tool free 1-800 Mac Pras 1-800-MAT-D-R-E-S for dollar mattress.
They easy the smart way to get you a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
We're sports radio 5-60. You a yeah.
Mashedly a lesbian.
All right.
VH1 gonna set my screen gonna set my screen on fire.
With a whole lot of divas ready screen tried to prove they're not retired.
But this year my very only so we will prove she can sing as good as her daddy.
She looks like someone put a wig on me Lisa and Vegas Lisa and Vegas.
I know there are lots of other guys who are gonna wear and sing.
But let's face folks there's only one who knows how sneer like a king.
Oh, there's some real big divas on VH1 but almost all of their careers are done.
So please watch my daughter cuz I got no son.
Watch Lisa and Vegas Lisa and Vegas Lisa and Vegas.
Absolutely.
How could we have forgotten Lisa Maria?
Thank you very much.
You're a sentient Miami who says Lisa Maria personally.
How could we forgot that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
What a bad oversight that was.
You know what always sent you said for me.
Scientology.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just mentioning that and passing.
Nothing necessarily connecting them there.
Yeah, nothing that point there.
Right.
314 votes on our dyke pool.
Which of these female celebrities you most strongly believe is a dyke.
Hillary Clinton 145.
Hillary's in a leak of her own man.
She's way way out there in front and nobody's gonna catch her ugly ass.
So he falls to those given her a run.
She's got 73 and notice how Jody passes to everybody else like they were standing still.
Well, it's our fault.
Well, it's probably a good thing we didn't put her on right in the beginning.
She'd be right on Hillary's ass.
Jamie, the Curtis 36.
Do you know that she's Tony Curtis's daughter?
You do know that yes, I did Bernie Schwartz.
You know what he likes.
Mariah Carey's got 12 and a corner.
Holy 11 J. L. O nine.
Sigourney Weaver nine.
Britney Spears got eight.
I can't tell you by whom.
Janet Jackson eight and a cool Kevin's got a pair.
Probably bigger than Tom Cruises.
Anyway, this story about Jeb Bush and Ernie Eves.
If you only knew what a schmuck Ernie Eves was,
you'd realize this is a match made in purgatory.
A match made in moustache.
God, what a couple of assholes.
So here's this big glowing picture.
They're both smiling and laughing.
Jeb Bush up here.
Thank God he's out of here today.
Bye bye, Jeb.
Have a safe trip home, you asshole.
And the story says the headline.
The headlines says Canada and US so close.
They look alike.
Jeb Bush says the striking similarities between Canada and the US overshadow.
Any disagreements between the governments of the two countries?
Jeb Bush, the governor of Florida, said yesterday.
In fact, there was little to identify Canada as a foreign country
to visiting Americans, Mr. Bush said,
on his first trade and tourism promotion mission to Canada.
This paragraph here ended in Toronto.
It didn't have to go through customs.
I wouldn't know I was in a foreign country, said Mr. Bush.
The brother of US President George W. Bush.
Many Canadians have the same feeling if they flew into one of our cities.
I told you this story a long time ago about how when I was a little kid in the first time.
I had the schlepped over to Niagara Falls.
And crossed over from Niagara Falls to New York and Niagara Falls to Ontario.
And once we crossed the border and went into Canada, I kept wondering,
where is all the snow?
Of course it was the middle of the summertime, right, and him.
And I was like a little tiny kid.
Where is all the snow?
Many Canadians have the same feelings if they flew into one of our cities.
Hey, look at that. There are some big buildings and there are some cars.
There are some roads and there is a store and there are other McDonald's.
What an asshole man.
And then there is a whole big spread on this story.
Toronto versus Miami.
Now see, they narrow it down.
Miami meaning date county to the Toronto city as opposed to the GTA,
the metro population, because Metro Toronto is five million people.
But anyway, date county they got 2 million, 312,000.
Toronto, 2 million, 480,000.
So they are trying to make a similarity there.
His spandid population, Miami 57.3%, Toronto 9.3%.
Black population, Miami 19%, Toronto just 8.3%.
All right.
Fullyage, Miami palm trees, Toronto fur trees, architectural flourish,
Miami art deco, Toronto pool and the condo.
Typical TV character, Miami sunny crocket and Miami vice,
Toronto Joey Jeremiah and the grassy junior high.
Recreational drug, Miami cocaine, Toronto Starbucks.
Election debacle, Miami hanging chads, Toronto running drag queens.
Most common form of transportation, Toronto TTC,
that's a subway, Miami roller blades.
Most famous Latino visitor, Toronto Ricky Martin,
Miami, L.N. Gonzalez.
Waterfront creatures most threatened by urban development,
Toronto tent city residents, Miami manatees.
Tala's building, here's one that made my blood boil when I saw it.
Do you know what the Tala's building and Miami is, being her boy?
I thought it was that one that looked like a staircase.
It's the Wacovia financial center, 55 stories.
I got some stories for the people of Wacovia, more than 55.
At least just this weekend.
Lots of stories, 55 stories, Toronto the CN Tower, 181 stories.
Of course, these days you don't want to have too many big buildings.
Gay rights, Toronto marriages been legalized.
Miami is illegal for a man who are any kind of strapless gown.
And it goes on.
Pretty interesting stuff because you know, he landed at the airport
if they wouldn't have put him through customs and said,
boy, there's that asshole going over Florida.
He would have thought he was like anywhere in the U.S.
Like Toledo.
For a dike list, here's one that says,
how about King, oh, Queen Latifa?
Queen Latifa says, I honestly think her package is bigger than mine.
Well, I'm sure it's bigger than mine, which ain't so much.
Queen Latifa, let's get that big nasty bitch on there right away.
Did we ever get Whitney Houston on there?
Did we, yeah, she don't have any votes yet.
Oh, look at that. There's a whole bunch of them that just went on there.
Look at that. That's excellent.
Nice going, Eric.
Although a little bit slow, that's Venerable's fault.
I'm sure.
Well, that's because Venerable is busy putting all those bedtime stories on there, right?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, because he showed up about a minute to 10 today.
Not late, not late, but a minute to 10 because he had issues.
You know, this is a man's always got issues.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Ever since parents attacked him last week in a hallway, he's just never been a same again.
Here's Carl Gables. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Woody Graber. How you doing?
No, Woody Graber again. Jesus, what are you becoming like chronic?
Well, you were talking about banks, and I got to tell you about my bank.
Like I said, it's your great year from Woody Graber today.
It's exceptional.
Melon United National Bank.
Smellin'?
Yeah, one of the managers I deal with is a big nealy.
Oh, thank God. But where the hell am I going to find one of those by me? I'm not.
They're embrowered and then Dave, I know.
I mean, they're national. They're around the country.
Really?
Yeah. But they could probably set up anything you want because your check comes from there, right?
Right.
From down here.
So they can help you set it up.
I'll be glad to give you a name and number off the air, if you want.
You have no idea how great that would be.
The minute that I set my foot back on Florida, Soil in a few weeks,
that's the first thing I'm going to do is switch banks.
I got to tell you, Melon has been over backwards for me.
They have been so wonderful. I mean, you know, I'm just a poor schlepper off the street, but they have...
No, no, wait. Let me ask you this. That melon bank.
That's not connected with the Pittsburgh family.
Like Richard Melon's, Skafe, and would that outfit, is it?
I don't know quite honestly.
Because I have a feeling if I put my money in that bank, it might like vanish overnight.
You know, they might make an accident.
There's that tag that left wing pinko off bag.
They might not like me too much.
No, these guys are great. They're just wonderful.
And I got to tell you, like I said, one of the branch managers Greg that I deal with,
he just like, he says, why? I heard you had Neil the other day, you know?
Really?
He's a big meal fan.
Well, I'll tell you what, I'll put you on holdin' Beenerboy can take his name and the info,
and that would be great. I'd really appreciate it.
Because I like to find a bank where they give me a little bit of service.
Just a look. I'm not asking for a lot. Just don't put a holdin' scrub
might deposits. That's all.
They would never scrub your deposits. They'd never scrub one of mine.
Excellent.
Yeah, definitely.
Okay, hang on Woody and thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
All right, no problem. Take care.
Okay, take care of my good close personal friend Woody Graber online, one of the Rebeenerboy.
Like I said, I'm always glad to hear from Woody.
You know what I said when I heard his voice?
All the time.
Yeah.
By the way, guess who I heard yesterday on the racing channel?
I guess I could hear him any day. My good friend Phil Saltsman?
How's he doing?
He's doing good.
Callin' the races from Calder Race Course.
351 votes on the pool.
Which of these female celebrities do you most strongly believe is a dike?
Hillary Clinton, 153.
Jodie Foster, 89.
Jamie Lee Curtis, 37.
Maria Curie is really a scary 13 without one large breast.
Anna Cornel, 13.
Jolo, 11th.
Jolo's only got 11 votes.
Come on, people. Come on.
Jesus Christ.
Sigourney Weaver, 10. Britney Spears, 9.
Janet Jackson, 8. Nicole Kim and 3.
Jeanine Graffalo, 2.
Helen Hunts already got one.
And that big nasty bitch and quarters got one.
Now, doesn't she also live down there on the beach or somewhere in South Florida now?
She hangs out down here.
She hangs out down there.
No, I think she lives there now, too.
Probably hanging out with Ms. Fudge right now.
They're probably sitting there rolling around and carpeting together.
One opposite side of the room.
Okay, thanks.
5.670560, 560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Land.
Don't forget it's a big day on QM.
Marlins at the Cubs pregame show 145.
Oh, right.
So we had like a little 15 minute reprieved today because they said, you know,
the guy that the old man is on that summer schedule, let's not overwork him right out of the box.
You know, three hours, 45 minutes, that's plenty.
And then tomorrow because George is always with that monkey, see monkey, do deal.
Another Marlin Cup game at the 145 pregame.
So you got to go ahead.
So you got to go ahead.
And being Wednesday, that means that George is going to play the comedy bits out from 1245 to 145.
Thanks to my, uh, getting them smart.
There's four lottery.
Hello.
Yeah.
I need to.
How you doing?
Hey, I got two fat hacks for you.
Okay.
How about Janet Reno and we'll be Goldberg.
Yeah.
Okay.
And another movie that you forgot with the ultimate fact had children,
for sure is now the movie now.
Now I never heard of it.
Now.
Now a while.
A little bit.
Kind of girl screw up into what's all.
Okay.
The movie I have for you is Boone Doc Saints.
Yeah.
Boone Doc Saints.
Boone Doc Saints.
Yeah.
Saints.
Saints.
Yes.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
I have no idea what he said.
Now, what did you say a minute ago?
There's a bit called what fell.
And the name of the movie was now.
Oh, no, no.
I couldn't understand.
He was, he was talking in some of the language.
I don't know.
He was speaking in a Greek.
So we, I guess we'll have to play that right, fell.
We ought to.
Not in here.
Oh, come on.
Not in here.
After I put 80 billion bits into this DCS over the weekend.
It's not in here.
You know what?
That might even be a rock comedy.
Yeah.
That's a, I don't know.
Anyway, we don't got it.
12, 13 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Jody Foster, highly overrated.
That's all I want to tell you right now.
Not in too many good movies.
A thousand mediocre movies.
Not too many good ones.
She's not good.
She's not good.
No.
Didn't you like what you, Dr. Electric?
No.
I think affected Southern voice.
Right.
Exactly.
She was awful.
Which is probably one of the day.
Said it was money, but there may have been somebody that said,
you know what?
Why bring that bitch back anyway?
Dr. Electric.
Dr. Electric.
She was awful.
No wonder they wanted to kill that slut.
In fact, that was the one part of the movie when I was definitely rooting for him.
Clarice.
Clarice.
Clarice.
12, 14 at 5, 60 WQAM.
As we went our way up to the Big Marlin Cup game, we got the,
uh, Darnell on the man.
That's what, uh, Beatr Boy tells me.
And then what you said, Darnell, will this bitch in the day?
Who?
Come on.
You seriously?
Learned to spell what Darnell?
You know what your hair is all fallen out and clumps and leaves that big shiny balls, but who was I watching the other day?
On TV.
Somebody that had like a, who the hell was it?
I mean, it's shiny.
Balls button.
I wanted to, like, wax your ball spot.
Remember the paint the balls spot.
They wanted this guy waxed it.
Will it sky?
No.
I never see what it's got because I don't want to show who the hell was it with some actor with a really,
just shiny.
Like, uh, man, you could see the reflection around million mind.
He could have been like a lighthouse.
And that's what happens to a lot of guys, but I'm curious.
The guys like professional people who are like actors and things like that.
Do they like shine it?
Do they wax it?
There's a special wax.
Seriously?
No.
Oh.
Anyway, you have ball spot wax.
But if you've got one of those guys, millions and millions of people out there just desperate to get some of that hair back and look younger and better.
Because when you start losing hair, you start looking a lot older.
And nobody except us really old parts wants to look old.
Well, Charles Alfier, it continues to offer you the most amazing natural hairline system.
You'll find anywhere because it looks like real hair, not like an end old dot in your head.
And right now, some even better news for you.
Charles Alfier is offering his summer special hair system, not only 549 bucks for first time customers.
If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of systems, including shampoo and trim, usually wide your weight.
Otherwise, just drop it off there and he'll have a good time with it.
Charles Alfier is guarantee you his this.
You travel out of his hair systems for 30 days.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels, if you're not getting more action than your private skin handle, return it for a full refund of questions asked.
So don't delay call Charlie.
They be sure it's on the old Neo tourney to call and look younger and better than you ever thought you could look again with this natural hairline system.
It's toll free.
It's 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 or check Charlie out on the web at Charles Alfiery.com.
You know what I forgot to do?
Yeah, I did.
At 12 o'clock? No, you don't.
I said it.
Mr. Cainy, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Is that what you were thinking out?
Yes, I was. See, I did it.
Audience is love now. The story of a girl who developed her own strange language while being raised by a stoke impaired mother.
Now, Jodie Foster returns to the screen as a girl raised by a deaf mute epileptic who has learned to communicate by making unintelligible noises and hurling herself to the ground.
Look doctor, I think the girl is trying to communicate with us.
Oh, you're hungry.
You're sleepy.
You want to lie down?
I'm hungry.
You want to lie down, repeated like that.
Watch as this pre-spirited, strong-willed girl learns to express joy.
Anger.
Curiosity.
Even love.
Jodie Foster stars in Fell, the runaway hit that his audience is falling out of their seats.
Fell, it's a real picnium.
Okay, we must have another handgun store.
It says check out Cainy and his your cable still out?
No, it's there now.
But yeah, we're hoping for that.
Mrs. Mayor of Meridian, he's joining us now on the phone, Mr. Mayor.
Sorry to have to report this horrible story.
Tell us what you know about the specific details.
This morning, sometime before 10, on a pre-arrived at the scene.
And, oh, this is not confirming exact numbers, but we have multiple deaf, multiple injuries.
The scene has been secure for some time now.
We've been on the scene for about an hour.
The employees are in the facility and are being ministered to a team of clergy that's assembled here on the site.
We're family members that are coming out and being assembled across the highway, where they're also being seen to by members of the clergy.
Obviously, an unspeakable tragedy here on town.
Any word, Mr. Mayor, on a possible motive?
No word at this point.
Do you know the identity of the shooter?
The identity of the shooter is known.
We're not releasing that at this time.
And we're-
He killed himself by the way now to notify affected family members first before.
There he goes, shooting at a plant in Meridian, Mississippi, in a gunman kivshot himself.
And there's more dead people in America with guns.
So anyway.
Yes.
Where'd you find that bit?
Hey, listen, I got my crap together here.
I understand.
It's on the best in the- in the old 1995.
The one we don't have here.
Well, the one I got in my hand right now.
I got it.
I played it.
Fell rhymes with Nell and smell and Pell Mel.
Smokin if you got him.
So anyway, here's- thanks very much for tipping me off on it.
Where's that stand again on the murders in 2001?
City of Miami and the City of Toronto, not the metro areas, but-
Or no, actually, Dade County.
But the same population.
Two points, we made in 2.480.
In fact, Toronto is higher.
Murders in 2001, Miami, 204, Toronto, 59.
Got that?
Got it.
Sounds like a little more than four to one to me.
Let me just give you one reason why there's more people getting murdered in Miami than in Toronto.
That's it.
You've got the answer.
What is more people getting murdered in Detroit than Ottawa?
Yeah.
Here's the fact this is great Matt Damon movie, Rounders about Highstakes poker.
With John Malkovich, John Tuturo, Martin Landau, Edward Norton and Gretchen Mall.
You seen Rounders?
Nope.
Not bad.
Not bad.
Not bad at all.
Like Matt Damon alive.
Oh, yeah.
You like Matt Damon alive.
Yeah.
Well, I do.
He's good.
And he can act pretty good too.
What's the other movie I saw this weekend that I haven't seen in the 17 years that you liked a lot?
War of the Worlds from 1953?
Oh, yeah.
Actually, it was on one of my, you know, driving movie channel or whatever Cornball.
And it was on there again.
They shot that picture.
What a-
Yeah.
The preacher walks up and he's got the-
The Bible and he's got the cross in it.
But it'd be-
But it would be the shadow of the shadows.
That's the thing.
He's a zapper man.
What the hell?
That was in him.
Won't see him, no, Mal.
Here's one that says, put Miss Elliott on your list.
She's been with more chicks than a mother bird.
Says Chuck and Miami.
Who knows Miss Elliott?
Missy Elliott.
Missy, Miss the meter Elliott.
Who's that?
Fat, fat, fat, fat, lady.
I don't know.
Missy Elliott, is that her name?
Yeah.
Well, get a right, Chuck and Miami.
But thank you.
Get around the list.
Missy in the-
Whatever name is.
Missy, Missy.
Here's the facts from Sergio again.
Who says, don't do it.
Neal, Mel and Bank is the same.
Richard Melon's safe.
I'm not-
I'm not going to bank there.
Thanks anyway, Woody.
I'm not going to do it.
I mean, you have to have some principles in life, right?
Who would be like, like you going out and shopping at Walmart today?
Never happened.
Isn't going to happen.
And there's no chance in my banking.
Nothing against the guy that's over there.
I wish him all the luck in the world.
I'm glad he enjoys the show.
And I hope he doesn't take it personal.
I will not do business with any incident.
I'm not gonna make a promise.
The situation connected with the melon family from Pittsburgh.
Go care, Richard Melon's skip.
In sort of.
No.
Or Florida citrus.
Right.
Just one of those things.
Like I said, you have to have a few principles.
I mean, who is the only bank in the world than you have no choice?
I'm still thinking in bank Atlanta, because what I'm hearing is really good.
I just let you a fa x on them.
That's my bank.
Oh, well don't be mention in my name in here with your deadbeat account.
Oh, you know that little dinner boy. Oh, well, I'm sorry, Mr. Rogers, but we can't we were afraid we're like up to our limit
That means you'll be happy to cover his overdrafts, won't you? Right. We'll just draw them from your account
Mm-hmm, but it do give really good personal service
But bank Atlantic. Yeah
What do you want to know? I'm sure you're in here like every other day if they haven't thrown me out yet
Then that's a good point if they haven't thrown your sorry ass out of there yet
404 votes on a poll sorry day don't have any Elizabeth shoot don't have any downtown Julie Brown don't have any Melissa
Rivers don't have one Linda Evans no penis Daisy Fuente's none Helen hunts got one
So I've heard yeah, is it rhyme with hunt
Whitney Houston's got two Nicole Kidman three
Christy McNichol four Kathy Bates five Janet Jackson age and eager a fellow nine
I'm going from the bottom and coldest ten. I just go on and use skanky bitch
We hate you like poison Britney Sperson's the Groni weaver each have 11 J. L. 12
Mariah Carey 13 and a corner holly of 14
Jamie Lee Curtis 37 now they those are all pretenders. Okay, the real contenders Jody Foster 105 and Swittlery Clinton 158
I
Think Jody's gonna give her run for the money before it's over you know, I think so
Could be making a premature evaluation score
I think that Jody is gonna give Hillary a run for it. She might just get close up on her ass
What a disgusting thought that is I mean is there any guy out there any head of a Sarah any guy of any persuasion
That would like to see Jody Foster in some kind of a sexual encounter with anything. No, I don't think so once upon a time a hundred years ago
what
She was a cute
Jody Foster was cute put the makeup on her lipstick. Yeah, so was that opium
Suppository thing I was fishing around for in train spot and that was really good too until he stuck it up his
Reckton come on Jody Foster was cute. She's cute
God
Okay, she's crazy about her like you know, she'll do she'll do it. I bet she would do not you that may know it
I got the wrong equipment. She probably do screw in the heartbeat
Long line waiting on that one honey take a number
27 in fact how many people you think are standing online red screw ends desk right now
If you're in a dead end job if you're moving your feet, but you're going nowhere fast
Maybe colleges to expense him it just takes too long you don't have all those years to wait
But if you can afford $10 a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months our friends at fast train can up
You achieve a brand new high-paying computer career you heard right just ten bucks a month in three nights a week for only four months for people to qualify
So call fast train today get out of your dead end get out of that rut call one eight six six fast train with four locations
All over town and if it's matter factor in four lotterdale Pembroke Pines Miami and Kendall
There's about to be one nearby you so call our good pizons at fast train
They get yourself the training you need to get a real computer job you get out of your dead end call one eight six six fast train
You'll talk to a train career counselor they offer you a day evening a weekend schedules job placement hands on training
Pick up that instrument right now and call fast train to give you all the information with no obligation call
866 fast train fast trains deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter
Whether you're a high school student on summer break
Somebody an underpaid dead-end job working for peanuts or just looking to increase your net worth call fast train
It can be one of the most important calls it could change your life
You'll ever make call one eight six six fast train or check them on the web if you like it fast train dot com
Sports radio five 60s you a
You a
Good
Following is a paid public service announcement from the International Riteful Association let's face
Most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns
They scare the shit out of people intimidate them and giving you whatever you want. That's right hand guns
Think about it. Need some cash rob a bank
Don't have enough money for beer or the convenience store takes chips and pretzels wire at it's all free of you've got a handgun
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution of life's complex problems
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares by the damn thing of the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control
Yes handguns. They just might make your fans
1233 or 560 I've sitting here. I'm looking out my window. It's a beautiful day, and I'm thinking you know, I could be in Batavia New York
I could be in Kalamazoo. Not seriously. I see people walking around. I see cars. I see streets and buildings. I see London. I see France. I see a restaurant day
And I'm thinking I could be like in Pittsburgh
Yeah, I could be in if saline Michigan. I
Could be in Sacramento, California
Looking out the window. I'm just thinking these because you know Jeb Bush. He had a step right on it
Here's a good fast from Gary at least I hope it's good
He's just having with Bank Atlantic for over 20 years the people are friendly
They never made an error in fact in my poor days. They actually covered a couple of slightly overdrawn checks
Also, they're open on Saturday and Sunday. That's what the paralysis and remember
Yeah, he was touting Bank Atlantic
Because he said what Kovia blows is what he said. He's absolutely correct. Why Kovia blows a suck
Man, well that's the policy about that. Where do they find these people?
What's the obsession that they have with hiring these certain? I don't want to get into a whole thing
You know ethnic thing but these Jamaican kind of people you know
These imperious Jamaican women who have got a real crappy attitude and make it very clear that they don't really give a crap about you
Even if you're the biggest deposit or their institution they don't care because they got a whole lot of other angry people
Staying at their desk call the toll free 800 number and mess with them. Okay, but she ain't got time for me bitch
God
Man you can't complain about the service they give you because they'll give you none they suck
And did you mind me to make my point about that the first union of my Kovia bank sucks?
Don't forget to
Okay, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, ma'am
You're missing the biggest richest guy in the United States for your poll look give me a clue because that's why I would be a person
She got it. I got it. Oprah Winfrey. Oh my god
Yep, that's her how could we have left off Oprah wow
Thanks for the reminder we're just getting a little old and feeble. You know how that goes that's okay
Same goes here. Thank you. You too. Bye. How could we forget Oprah? Yeah?
Oh, but she's gonna marry what's his name Maxwell still in
Oh, yeah, they're gonna get me well. Maybe they're not well. Maybe they are well as soon as J. Lo and Ben Affleck tied the knot
They're they're thinking about it next year. I mean not that it makes a difference. She's still got no talent her show blows
She's got those ridiculous pastel backgrounds that are well
I don't know what that's supposed to prove and she's got all these women millions and millions and millions of American women
Oh, she has to say fart and they're all like sitting on one cheek
Man, oh you go buy this book. Oh, by the I mean yeah, I know sure we recommend you good movies because you know
But it's not like some kind of a scam we got going
As a matter of fact look how stupid we are. Let's get smart
Yeah, like a Hollywood video or something right local story. Let's start our own goddamn video club on here
Let's start stealing a bunch of DVDs or making their bogus copies and sell them on the internet. Oh, by the way, Miss Fudge
Careful far be it far be it from me to disbelieve anything. I'd read on the internet
Wow talk about the popcorn the kettle pig mat
Oh, you see those cool joints just as they died those are rainy and sisters they died
It's my fault and they keep showing them on here again
Yeah, well, it was so great they died
It's I know you're not supposed to make fun of things like that. I'm not making I'm not talking about them dying
I'm not like for well on it. I think when people die it's sad usually although if the Catherine Harris there would have been true
Well, but I mean, you know, there are a lot of things to think about when you have simis twins like that. I mean how do they?
Go to the toilet. Yeah, don't go stealing my tomorrow's show. No, I think that's a good show for you tomorrow
That would be a good poll. That's what I was gonna do which things would be the most difficult for simis twins to do have sex
go to the turret
Right on a bus right right a bicycle right a bicycle drive a car
Be a game show contestant
You see what I'm saying
Pitch for the marlins
That would be something that would really be something when you have two balls coming at you at the same time
As Ramosa said
You know those the original simis twins the the Chang and Ang brothers they both between the two of them fathered like
20 kids or something really and they married twin girls
They had in the Toronto star yesterday in the front page. There were two
Asian I'm not Chinese, but they were like I don't know where they were from
Pakistan or summer and
Kids that were like separated not it again. Get shortly after birth and
They and they you know how they look fine. No, they weren't after birth. They almost though
I guess but they they look fine, you know
They're like 18 now and even separated for years and they're surgery went okay
Unlike these poor Iranian sisters who died that would have put you off
Like if there were I'd you know the simis twins, but they were otherwise attractive
Facially speaking
What do you mean by that would you still do them? Oh, you mean if they were still connected? Yeah, or just imagine you could do one with each hand
Huh
That's something to think about now. Does that count as a three-summer what what was that that they said during the
Revolution, what if by hand and what if I'm out?
Is that what and who if you see that's what Paul Revere said something like that
5 6 7
Oh 5 60
5 60 there's another good question for you would you have sex with time these twins?
My poll was gonna be tomorrow. Yeah, I'm sure another one of these filthy disgusting
Yeah, yeah, I still wonder about that. I know it's it's but I mean you gotta go you gotta go
Right what what the party how about if one of them has to go and the other one doesn't I guess you don't have a choice, you know
Just come in and sit down or read a magazine while I'm taking care of
Venice right maybe that you that they had side-by-side toilets they could get on the same schedule
Don't forget I'm in Canada side by each. Oh, sorry. Here's a call from Key Largo. Hello
Good afternoon. Neil good afternoon to you sir. God you sound so happy up there. I am
I feel like I'm in paradise
You are in paradise
Belkies in array. Spilky is the rate you think is gay rhymes with the ring. Well, I hope so
Really? Okay
Well, let's put around there just to make you happy it's something like you're gonna get a real charge out of it
Okay, thank you. I am having a great day
You too. Let's put spilky's the runner any show we can take a dead bitch
We're delighted to do on the show pretty exciting the NBC call to inform us that the
Catherine Harris dying in a plane crash story was bogus
It was an internet hoax and then the rest of that story is they wanted to take a clip of us talking about it
To use on their news really. Why would they want to do that?
I don't know tough came in and asked the nice side no, right no right
Why do we want to do that?
To try to make us look like I said right out front that we were really dubious and trying to find the website and the whole thing
But it was just you know, it was a possibility and I checked out this on Sentinel and they hear all the it's not like it
Just came over to fax and I went on here boom here. It is we checked it out for a few seconds
We put it right on the air. Why not if it's good enough for Fox for those back to it's good enough for us
In fact, just make up a bunch of stuff and fax it to us and we'll read it on the air
Why not get a 90's here? Hey, by the way speaking to that we I think we all owe a
Collective a dead accredited even always been in a very short time
To Scott even I know that some people find him abrasive and some people find him to be a little invasive and uptrust whatever
But I think he's a little fire under this place
You know long overdue this this radio station has been stagnating ever since Greg Reed decided to fitily fart around with our morning show
We we've been having problems and then we decided to stick this show from nine to one instead of ten to two
That was like the last nail in our coffin
He just about buried and then after that when he put somebody on the air
Absolutely in a morning of precedez who was encouraging his audience not to listen to us because he's a humorous old fart
That was like the last thing and it was like closing up the box
So now we got a guy in there who's like you're created some excitement and we you can feel it you can smell it and speak in a feeling and smelling it
The little you know before the show every morning when for all is on
He comes in our studio during the commercial breaks and he and I have a little verbal intercourse a little chat as to what's going on
And he was pointing out to me this one now
This is a guy's only been there for six to seven weeks keep that in mind
But even even he's been there long enough to see the difference in the atmosphere and in the building in the hallway
The the morale among the troops as to when certain somebody is there and like now when he's not there
Absolutely the difference when everybody's in a great mood and they're like high-fiving each other and playing grab ass and all these other things
He went on for a long time about that
So I just mentioned that in passing okay. I think we've been given a new leash on life. Thanks Scott
You're okay, by the way, we ain't getting no breakfast
Hillary Clinton, which of these female celebrities do most strongly believe is a dike
And we ever get Oprah on there right away. Yeah, she's on her. She don't have any votes. She will
459 votes Hillary Clinton 170 to already foster 127. See she's slowly but surely she's closing in on her ass
Oh my god, what a thought. I don't think she's got any as does she Hillary? Oh
Him and her walk in hand and like I said she's all ass
And 2170 Jodie Foster 127 Jamie Lee Curtis 38 that I mentioned who's the father whose daughter
Jeannie and Jeannie and Garaflo 16 she's moving up fast
kind of very I don't pay that much attention to who she's doing
Mariah Carey 15 and colder 14 and a quarter. Horia 14
Britney Spears 12 Seguro and a winner a we winner 12 J. L. 12
Janet Jackson's got eight
Kathy bait six Christie Mcdickle five. That's good that Christie still got some votes because most people probably forgot about her
Now what was the show that she was on was she on family? Yes
With what's his name Gary
Puckett Dornhofer what what what whatever the hell his name was
You know who I'm talking about Gary Frank's okay
I never watched family and the mother was say the Thompson and the father was James somebody who died a couple of years ago James
Somebody James. I'm dead. Well, what a memory, huh?
That was really a corny show. I did like Gary Frank though sooner reason I watched it
Kathy bait six Christie Mcdickle five Nicole Kidman for Whitney Houston three Helen's hunt two and that's it a whole bunch of people with no votes
Yet get with it folks Daisy Fuentes Linda Evans Melissa Rivers downtown Julie Brown Elizabeth shoe
These people have no votes also also with no votes are Linda who else shard a
Well somebody must have just a got one and they're all young
Lisa Marie's got one Queen Latifah to and Oprah's got one now finally nice going Oprah
That was kind of a giveaway when she said the wealthiest biggest fat is Oprah no talent bitch. That was kind of a dead giveaway, you know
God, I just you know more power to her I guess
But there's just something about her attitude that I don't like she's like not it's like her stuff don't stink you know what I mean
Instead of being like a little bit humble and saying she I've made billions of dollars and I have no talent and I have no idea
What I'm talking about and it kissed the ground for it. No, she asked like she's gonna say the word remember when she came to Miami that time
Oh, yeah several years ago, and she was she came to Miami to help us fright the crime way
And she was gonna have that show and that was gonna do it it did didn't I think so have you hear anybody dies since then?
I don't think so no more crime either no more shooting no more crime no more dying
Although a little of an every time they see her show on here they all scream
And boom would you look you notice we didn't have one call about that movie
We don't have any tricks anymore. I think you chased them all away. Sorry kisses kisses for everyone
I never heard of it. In fact, being a boy. Are you still putting stories on or not?
I sure hope not there's there's two but they were already on yesterday
Oh, and I was wondering whether I should put them on again. No not again my bad, but please do me a favor and do a search for kisses for everyone
It's a 2000 movie. I'm sure it'll be in there. Oh
Look at this
Holy crap just happened to catch you and heard you talking about walk Chovia is a time to switch to your buddy
Matt you my course shop at City National Bank you bet you Matt
Here's the answer to my problems to my to my prayers
Although might probably lost a little bit more here, but nevertheless what a great guy he is
This is City National Bank of Florida Matt is the vice president and branch manager 80
What does it say 80 825 North power line road for Lauderdale now where the hell is that I?
Man, I know where power line is but I'd like to kind of in that direction see we're appointing that way
Is it right up the road you mean up the road of peace? Yeah, no seriously where the hell is would that be?
I don't know
6 825 North power line road that's not way up there like my pompino park is it
Might be see let me tell you this I wouldn't really care where it was because with him
I could probably do it by mail you know I'm saying I could like FedEx and my deposit anything
right
What do you say?
I'm keeping this I'm switching to my buddy because this guy took care of me
I can't get a email right there. You can call him you can email him. He'll tell me I will do it. Thanks Matt
I'll be in touch I'll be touching it. What is it that you wanted to know about kisses for everyone?
Vessel spateles
Are you starting to speak the white house officials say that the president or efforts he's
Ramon
I know that the effort is coming up in there pretty soon
I don't know what that word is in Spanish and don't say it but I know what's on there because I was reading the sub-tribal
All said don't say it
Anyway now what's the story where it was it made who was in it that what's it at it's a good movie
What does it say 2000 yeah, I really told you that hope it just picks yeah
Tainted an abused past this film goes astray is the user comment that I can read from here the first one
Let me look at my book how much I might this book is like six billion pages
Why am I asking you why am I asking little quizzling like you who they're not even reading me the cast members
Which it's your people man. Oh, that's right forgot they're not Mexicans
Emma thawada
Eloys in the dark
Kisses for my president
It's not in here now. Why would that be kisses in the dark?
You want to know why it's not because it's not an American made movie was made in a spaniide do believe look under
Basils I beg your pardon look under baseless B.E.S. OS maybe I know I know how to spell baseless what what is wrong with you man
As they say in Italy basin emolto
Let's see look under baseless. I
How about pesos it says that's what the Vinaigrette's paid in every week pesos how many
It's not under baseless. Okay, you jackass. Why would it be under baseless? Oh, guess what movie I bought I haven't watched it yet. Yes last night
I give up that's all best best in show oh
Didn't you tell me how much I would enjoy that not me
Making fun of all those Westminster kennel club people it looks like it's a real hoot from there now here
Let's see how about Hillary swank or skanks as this a facts from peaton pointin
Who's Hillary swank?
Boys don't cry
Didn't see it
Can I see that karate kid three oh a Hillary swank? I know who that is you think that's a dyke just because she dressed up like a boy
I don't whatever I seen that sure whatever put her on your Hillary swank
She's okay by the way Pete says thank you for the information
Bank Atlantic blows. I just had the same exact situation you had this weekend with him
I had my paycheck wired on a Wednesday
Road checks that were cashed in the following Monday and bank Atlantic claim that was overdrawn because it takes them five
You know you know something?
Five business days for the wire to clear cost me 60 bucks
They do have excellent service but the bank charges are through the roof if you want to check your balance at an ATM
Even there's a cost of buck and a half then if you want to withdraw money another buck and a half after while these charges pile up
I just got back this morning from closing my account with them. I use under the mattress banking out and they're great
And up he also says get for real off the air abruptly attend on the dot
I like him a lot but two hours is more than enough. Well if you can get him to shut off
You're lucky and I have paid to get it
Listen to me. I mentioned this to you before to show and I'm not one of those you know
I had this crusading on her radio. I gave that up for Lynn. You know a long time ago
But many many years ago when I was on WNWS WS news at night talking to 90-year-old people we did accomplish one thing
And I think it was back when BDI Bobby Graham was in the Senate at that time
I mean when it not the he's in the Senate now dummy when he was the governor and
And thanks to him and some people in the Florida legislature
We brought it to their attention this scam that's been going on out back in those days
They used to hold out a town checks all of the banks in South Florida. They're in the state
They used to hold them for like I don't know two weeks or so ridiculous amount like that and checks that were like in town for five to seven days
Well come to find out that because it's all done electronically and keep in mind this was years ago that we did this
They forced them to write a law
But even that law is is not restrictive enough. We find out that almost every local check clears within what all of them do within one day and some of them the same day that you
Deposit local banks because it's done electronically and out of town checks two to three days tops tops
Even if you deposit it from a bank in LA two to three days tops for particular because it's all done electronically
So I think what we need to do is get somebody on a ball with us and cut this crap
Because this is the one of the biggest scams in America
How would you like to be in a business where you have a whole bunch of people handing you their money to hold for them?
But before you let them use it you hang on to it for several days and you're making money on it. You're earning interest on it
Which is exactly what they do. It's one of their biggest money makers one of the biggest scams that the banks have going
There shouldn't be any hold maybe a day. Okay. Maybe they if it's not like a long-time customer that they know is dependable and doesn't bounce checks
You should have a status
Well, that's what I had until goddamn my first union in Wacovia came along. They should only croak. They suck and their attitude sucks
I understand there's just 700 other angry people in line in front of me, but I'll be goddamn this up
Yeah, like you said if you're a schlepper like you and
You're trying to like juggle and rob from Peter to pay Paul and fighting checks and doing whatever which happens
There's happened to all of us in our lives
I understand that but when you're somebody like me who's making some serious bucks
I don't bounce checks. What would you think if that check that I gave you for beater boys computer?
What would you think of all sorry mr. Rodriguez, but the checks no good it came back
Yeah, dead be old fat dead be old fart. What's wrong with you in the money? You're making you piece of crap
You put that no seriously you'd be pissed off
I would be alright. That'd be funny. It would be funny coming from you somebody else that freak out
Yeah, coming from me my ass. Okay
Coming from you and if you already spent that money if you're already written with checks on or something
You wouldn't think it was so goddamn funny sweetheart. No, but not a problem right now
How do you know check your balance lately? Yeah?
Five six after I told you the story you probably run a phone immediately. Oh my god
Yeah, that's what I thought this weekend put my goddamn cart and ATM
I hooded how you can how you done American you're not getting no cash from us even that cheap Canadian currency
Speaking of that how's the market doing today no one dude too well yesterday or did it go?
No, yes, they went way up. I'm sorry. Don't ask anybody why they don't know all look at that Nasdaq's up another nine point
But that was down only 23 and a half. This is all you just wait
It's my prediction. I'm not getting involved if you want to invest. Hey have a good time doing it
Okay, you'll have a better time in Vegas and have more money left over
Now here's a call from Miami on nine you just know there is no question
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you pretty good? It's everybody else. Okay. I was one
To recommend to you a movie I don't know I didn't see it in your list. Do you ever see American beauty?
American beauty no I can't with I think Jordan knows about it. We talked about it. Very good movie. They're having a got it yet
I was very surprised totally surprised by the outcome me to check it out. You know, like it. Okay. All right, Neil
Thank you. Thanks a lot
Bye-bye American beauty. It certainly is no big lowensky, but I'll give it a shot Kevin Spacey and that bending
Thor a birch right some other guy mm-hmm nothing wrong with it. I was surprised everybody touted it every time they tout a movie I'm dubious
I'm gonna tell you one thing tell my good friend McGill. It's a damn good thing. He looks that good
I've told you that before because he he's got so many deficiencies, you know, his whole is just I don't know what the problem is
There may have been a lot of the balls to own up to it a lesser man would have said oh yeah a great movie whatever no
He wouldn't somebody else would have knowing that they would have gotten ripped
As long as we don't sick the reen on his ass
Hillary Clinton 175 Jodie Foster 140 and that's a tourist race everybody else's sucking win man
They're way way behind out of five hundred and five votes into tourist race
It's secretariat and they were not secretaries affirmed in all of our coming down the stretch
It's Sunday silence and easy go or coming down the stretch together
I'll tell you one thing before you know it's gonna be Kentucky, Derby day in May again
They've got some will be on the phone with us. You notice how these years just keep flying by
flying by
Before you know it'll be 90 just like ma
You think ma's gonna send me a birthday card of my 90th birthday. It's only be 120
Maybe she's writing a bunch of letters in advance. How do you how do you like that?
You you pick out a really nice card you sign it ahead of time
I put it out put a nice thousand dollar check in there happy birthday and can you believe it?
You made an idea nice cute little note. I have it as a John who goes who goes over there by the way
You don't know this he goes over there to take my place every weekend to have lunch with her
To show you what a good sport he is what a good sense of humor. He's got yeah
I don't want to send it a number of times
He said Renekville quich that from those millies ground browns. Okay. I don't want to tell you that
Good God. So I give it to him and here's the check take it over there
He takes her his own card here happy birthday, which of course his card don't have no check it
But but there you go and all I get is because he hasn't been there yet
See because I call her bright and early Saturday morning say happy birthday, ma
And what do I get yeah the only one hasn't sent me a card yet? I got one for your brother
Yeah, was there a check in a card from my brother
Which I don't want to mention you just declared bankruptcy for the 85th time
I thought 85 probably
You've got a scam going it's called life. How'd you like to do that?
Okay, I have no idea how that works. How many times can you declare bankruptcy?
Evidently
But anyway, I hope she enjoyed his gift of dates and candy and crap that's gonna like it
They probably prevent her from making it to 91
He must think she's got a lot of money stashed away somewhere, you know because every year
He sends her all of this candy and crap, you know
She's got a lot of your best related killer doesn't work though hasn't worked yet
Has it worked yet she's still alive
1257 at 560
WQ I am hey, I want to tell you about a place that's still going strong 25 years in South Florida and that's Brandy shoes
We love our friends at Brandy's and they love us who want to know why because they do everybody good in fact
This goes back to what I was talking about with that awful bank
Which I don't want to mention for a union in Wacovia
There are people who give you a service and then they're the rest and that's the reason Brandy's is lasted so long because they started
It's just a small independent family shoe store and now they've grown like crazy
They got a gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore with over 40,000 pair of your favorite shoes in stock at unbelievable
Unbeatable prices to whatever brands you like they got them rock ports echo is Mephisto
Timberland Clarks SES floor shine and they've got all the sizes you're looking for men 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12
And what's from the very very narrow to the very big fat wide ones too and like I said they give you personal friendly service
To make sure they give you a perfect fit every time you won't walk off like always the guys name in like
Haja full Jacob you won't be walking like that when you have your shoes on from Brandy's you'll find them at 12
Ninety North Federal Highway in Popped Oveach open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and right now
It's a great time to buy SES shoes all this week at Brandy's because all men's and women's great styles 20% off and more
So be sure to get into Brandy's this week and save a ton of cash on SES shoes or check them on the web if you like it
Brandy shoes all one word Brandy shoes dot com
Oh
This is Pope John Paulins and if you ask me the only thing more fun than playing grad as with a Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers one to two power
The honorable Reverend Jerry Paul well my friends. I'm sure that Halliday is a lovely niggress and the fine actress as well as Chuck
Barry with his jungle music, but friends I must speak out against the academies of bracing and colored folk
It's my understanding that the pop culture industry is
traded by homosex shield Jews it was them in that clint of course who brought the tragedy of nine eleven of Paulus
God his anger by all who are not in the likeness of myself
All that's right is Christian and white now pull down your pants with me and pray
Dear lord in heaven help me find my penis
Thank you
102 at 560 wqms our big one to 145 hour
We don't have anything for that. Do we we don't have no intro for
Anyway, I'm looking up see vener boy. You gave a look in a schmere. They're kisses for everyone
basso's paratoros and
There's like a long review on here long summary. I guess you just went this is mongrold media is that the one you looked at ever?
I don't really know
1965 had his Spain caddies Spain miles from home
Ramon El Fanzo and Nicholas share both their apartment and their commitment to a graduate from medical school
All in it goes on and on about how they're all getting laid and wanting to get laid and that's how it's going
It's a cute movie
baseless paratoros we have it at one call because we don't have any spixels then maybe they're all like in cubers somewhere
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18t and we're oh, I almost forgot my penis story for the day every day
We have to add another a penis story Peta
Peta and KFC in game of chicken
An animal rights group said it plans to file a lawsuit. This was yesterday
Against fast food chain KFC
Accusing the company of making misleading statements on its website regarding how the chickens it sells are treated
There's nothing worse than misleading statements on the internet. You know that
Right. I hate that's what the mr. Ruggie said
People for the ethical treatment of animals
Said it'll file suit in California state courts
Where I guess they did yesterday against KFC and its parents yum brands incorporated yum. Why you am young
Rhymes with dumb
Seeking and injunctions stop what it says are deceptive statements on a KFC website
Peta contends that Peta contends that chickens KFC buys from suppliers are abused through drugging feeding and slaughter practices
The director of vegan outreach of Peta Bruce friedrick said the treatment is legal
But they can't legally lie about it and they have been they've been lying about it through their teeth
Friedrich alleged KFC's website other public communications contain miss statements about how the chickens are treated
The claims on the website are transparently absurd. He said we've tried writing letters to explain to them
On their what is on their website is laughably obviously wrong and they've ignored us
Sposed people for KFC and young could not be reached for comment. They're probably hanging out with a kernel
Peta in a draft of the plan lawsuit obtained by Reuters takes issue with a KFC statement on its website
That it's guidelines for the treatment of chickens are designed to ensure that all birds are handled humanely and suffer no pain
Now I'll be making no comment about the bird okay because I know that's what's coming from you next
He's feeling he's feeling no pain
The Peta suit is one of the new risk-facing food companies such as crafty McDonald's recently
Plainiffs and obesity lawsuits alleged that certain food products responsible for making them over weight and by the way the last few days
Because I haven't been on the air there been all these stories about those trans fatty acids
Which I've been screaming about for years and which dr. McCulley cullkin Kilmer whatever his name is also with screaming about
And trying to tell you that it wasn't a cholesterol. I was gonna give you a heart attack and clog your arteries and kill you
But it's the trans fats baby. So let me just tell you this little piece of advice
Okay, you're not gonna do it anyway
But those french fries that I'm always screaming don't eat them don't eat them
Yeah, but and cookies and the and also like I totally I'll admit it bryers ice cream
I thought aren't they supposed to be famous for using all the gritty being natural
Well, guess what all natural partially hydrogenated oils
If you look on the label that says hydrogenated or partially hydrogenated that means it's trans fatty acids
And it's gonna kill you in the long run maybe in the short term. What if it's impartially?
Maybe in a few minutes. It's a third man. It'll kill your damn ass, huh
Well partially hydrogenated only kills your partially. I say like the markdown which parts
Well, whatever one that's in the mood for on that day. I'm just telling you
Trans fatty acids. That's what all you
Doctors you fakers ought to be concerned about instead of this cholesterol boy
The whole thing with cholesterol was just a scam so they could have Dan Reeves on tv selling you zokor and lipitor and all this other crap
All this other bull crap that's got these brutal side effects
I'm just that's just my opinion. Okay, continue taking whatever you want whatever crap your doctors pedaling in these days
Have a good time with it
Make a lot of money for all those goddamn companies for Eli Lilly and Pfizer and all these other grave robbers have a good time
Did we ever come to a conclusion by the way in Florida what what the deal is with those
Buy drugs from Canada things that they were trying to close up. What was ever the option? I don't know if we have closure on that
I see but we sure had a lot of ladies call today, which is a real breath of fresh here. Here's a lady in for a lot of deal. Hello
Hello. Yes, ma'am. It's another lady. All right. All right
Excellent on the chronic factor killer
But I was able to call you today because I'm driving down from Paul Beach
I wanted to tell you about Melanie and I in national band
Okay, and I don't know if you heard this but um used to be United National Bank of hometown banks here
Right to the customers
Then melancham down and join them but they still stay just as nice the local people are pretty much in charge
And it still has the atmosphere with small town bank right and they're fantastic and they're very easy to
On the internet so I bank online now yeah, and I really I really recommend that now two things though
The only water near office that I know or brownored office that I know of is right across from the brother County Courthouse
Uh-huh, and that's all building oh god
Yeah, but I don't know maybe they have one out west now
And the other thing is that it um yes, it it is from the melancholy from Pittsburgh
Not for me then
Not for me
I'm from Pittsburgh that I you know anyway also would you put tender bollic on the list
You think sender bollic is a dike oh yeah
Just look at our last movie just look at her what was your last movie god
Uh-huh, I didn't see that with you great
Okay, I'll be rumours about them having a round hands that they didn't and I'm well under show
Well, we got it down
Thanks, Laura. Have a great day. All right
Get Sandra Bullock on her boy. She's taking a beating on our polls the last couple of weeks. Uh-huh
And that's okay. I think she's cute
Yes, she is and quite frankly. I don't care whether she's a dica. I should know a fact like me
Care what is she I mean what differences and make anyway what we think we're not gonna get to know any of these people
What what differences in me we're not gonna do them anyway, right like mad Damon am I gonna do mad Damon?
I'm gonna meet mad Damon am I gonna like touch it? No, of course not you know, I mean he's pretty good
I'll tell you a born identity you'd be really proud
It's a boy, Matt. You really pushed up a lot. I wrote a talent
Yeah, you'll like the movie trust me. I guarantee I got bet be your boys life on it
In fact, I'll bet everybody's life if it isn't more interesting than a god dim uh that horrible horrible movie that you forced me
And it was mostly be your boy. Oh, this is really great a beautiful mind. Even if they had beautiful minds
I should have kept looking for the wrong name at least then I wouldn't have found it
A beautiful mind with Russell Crowe. Boy you ought to be eating Crow right now mr. I'll tell you that because that's for the birds
That movie it sucks I stand by
Well, when when does it get good at what point of me?
He's beside the fact he's drinking
And figuring about much of numbers and he's kind of like a social misfit beside that what what what happens?
It's all foundation. You have to watch it. Oh, no, you know, you think it is
You probably know that off right when it was about to get good
ah
right
Yeah
Yeah, you probably left just about when it was ready to get hard see what you don't know yet watching that movie. Yeah, he's crazy
Yeah, and what I don't know is I had a crazy divide and then to watch it. I know I was crazy
But it was based on a real guide on some math and math issues still alive and uh teach and class up in wherever it is
Berkeley or something yeah
Wow, it's
crazy
I bet you share gold farms a lot more entertaining than hill ever big
I stock up the old thank you
I got like a little
Quinge yeah, I go in when I have to
I'm not very clean
See that movie is much too cerebral from a girl without with all due respect. I mean he's a wonderful guy
He looks great. He does a good job for us, but he's uh
dumb, you know
You know, I mean I don't mean like he's articulate. He can speak english. He's peeking upon you know, but he's uh, you know
You know, I'm saying
Well, no, it's just that stuff's aren't done yet come on like I said
He's probably the smartest pick I ever met my life uh with the accepted present company. I don't know too sure about either one of you
So anyway, this fax from Matt Korshwarf at city national bank of Florida
This is like a see and it's a damn good thing. I come on the air and bitched about it because that's how I met Matt in the first place
Although, he always turned me down. No, but seriously
That's how I got with family bank in the first place. Remember I was bitching about Haitians and I mean nations bank
Yes, and look what happened to that they went out of business anybody see nations bank lately
They got bought out by some other fakers probably my first union or somebody. I think it was
So don't be mess it with me with my banking because I'll put your ass out of goddamn business if it's the last thing
I do when you start dealing with my mind is I told this woman down the phone and on whatever yesterday
I said we're not talking about a uh a
Supermarket we're not talking about a god damn hats store. We're talking about people's money
And you people just keep making two goddamn many mistakes. It's unacceptable
She's got this cavalier goddamn attitude about well kind of like they'll do me the favor if they feel like it
If not then they won't do it like they're doing me a big favor right
You can't you can't extend a privilege to a customer and then all of a sudden say oh, but we're not gonna do that for anymore
We changed their mind
You see what I'm saying? You can't expect to keep customers by doing that
It'd be like us saying well, you know
We used to do a pretty entertaining show for the audience out there
But we're not gonna do that anymore. We're gonna play like Beethoven four hours every day
Let's give it a shot or let's just play
Play that all day every day. I like that a lot
Don't forget we got the marlins in the cub that don't go running away because we got a ballgame coming up
Okay, no, a lot of you like to play that game because you want like
But the way to marlins have been playing lately and we got Don trail d'Arnell whatever his name is what is his name
Don trail willis
the talk of
America he's gonna be pitching against the of cubs and wriggly field one forty five to pregame and the game at 220 this afternoon
With Harry Curian Steve Stone
You know is there any more don't let me forget on Thursday
Because it's a long way off when you get to be this old who knows if I'm gonna make it
But when Thursday when I do the crossover with for real I want to ask him because I know he won't be
S. Me is there a more boring baseball announcer than Dave Van boring on a marlin's seat
That's one of the problems. That's one of the reasons I have nobody out there is because there's nobody to whip up
enthusiasm
I say let's get for relatively to play by playing next year. There you go. Hey, he's looking for some extra money. Yeah
I mean he can do the panthers. He can do the freaking marlins
Look at that. It's an epic home run
I can just hear it now probably get a license in this middle of the second inning, but it'll be great
I'll get some people out there just like Harry. Carrie got us all to be comforts
That's what they're like Bob Prince made all the people pirate fans like Rick Weaver with his white hankies and his schmoth is in his bad aroma
Too bad we got what we got now pop had janko look. Oh, we got absolutely
114 at 560 WQM if you're working for peanuts if your job is taking you nowhere fast
If you don't even have to worry about your paycheck clearing because it's so small it doesn't really make much difference
Maybe colleges too expensive for you to get training for a new job and just takes too long. You don't have all that time
Well, here's the deal if you can afford just 10 bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months
Our friends at fast rank can help you change your life and get yourself into a new high-paying computer career
That's right 10 bucks a month in three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify
So call fast train tool free 1 866 fast train
It was four locations in town in Miami, Kindle Pember finds it for a lot of areas bound to be one close by where you live
So call fast train today tool free at 1 866 fast train you'll be talking with a train career counselor who'll help you get straight enough
Fast train offers day evening a weekend schedules dot placement hands on training
So if you want a real career in a big fat paycheck every payday
This is the way to go call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train fast trains deferred payment is valid for a year
The regular payments apply thereafter
Whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody underpaid that a job like beener boy
Or just looking to win quiz you net worth call fast train
1 866 fast train to get yourself on the road to a real career and a real life
If you want you can check them out on the web at fasttrain.com
You weigh your
Born the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
If anybody has a opinion
The sentin from our way
We'll place your name into the system
I've been to me of the state
Don't even bother to question
Can just follow
You know, it'll be fun right now.
Here's the third race from Calder with my good close friend Phil Saltsman. Wouldn't this be fun?
They're all online, hey, it feels not there today.
And they're all.
Oh, like I said, who wants to hear that?
No, remember he told us he's only working like so many days away.
No, sorry.
Glad war for Corp.
We love your escalade.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
That's just USV.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
A bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by jail.
No, don't need no stupid.
Oh, that's what it's crazy.
The facts are far away.
Everybody's earning five years.
Like us, you ask.
Oh, it's big enough the American exit way to shootings in Mississippi today.
And Meridian, how about the near shootings, the near Columbine repeat that we had yesterday
in Jersey?
Yeah.
Almost, almost doesn't came within a, came within a kinky little hair that close.
Having another mass shooting in a school and got only those where else they were going
to be shooting up a bunch of people.
Crazy people with guns, man.
Got a whole bunch of faxes here.
Here's one that says to Ed insult injury if you deposit cash in your account and watch
over your money after 2 p.m. and broward 4 p.m. and date.
The money doesn't post immediately in your account.
What kind of crap is that?
They suck.
Yeah, I've heard that.
They can make a cash deposit and they still put it on hold of the next day.
Even though the money is in there, maybe they're afraid the money's going to bounce.
There you go.
They don't know what that money came from.
That's right.
Now, somebody faxes me a poll that we took of what's the movie had the most shocking ending.
And American beauty was on us is remember this.
Yeah, I think it's it well on the poll.
Is there the deal?
Well, I see.
Well, whatever.
I still haven't seen you, but I will.
Don't get pushy.
I must have watched the whole bunch.
I'm about third man week or so, including that black cat with Bella Gossi and in the
Boris Carla, but and wore the worlds again, which was sensational.
Everybody should be forced to see that.
All that religious bull crap, although of course in the end, you know, they have to they
have to redeem themselves because that was back in 53, you know, right.
And of course they were in the church and they were all praying and all of a sudden, well,
I don't want to ruin the ending for you, but everything turned out okay.
Well, except for the people that are already zapped away, you know.
So anyway, American beauty, I'll get it.
I'll get it today just to calm you people down a little bit.
Now here's one I really, I mean, look, it's a matter of opinion like George and
being a boy both liked a lot a beautiful mind.
Tell me it was the biggest waste of time I could have been picking dingleberries out of
most but okay, it finished 20 minutes and probably had a more enjoyable time than
watching that.
It was just it just it was slower was no more.
It didn't go anywhere.
Although that's something to think about on the station.
No movies are like that.
That's the foundation building.
Too long.
Too long it too long, you know, it's like too much for play.
Some of it is okay, but about 20 hours of it might be a little bit too much.
Your attention span can't be shorter than mine.
Here's one I saw a magnitude of the other night on your recommendation.
It says awful, just depressing.
Yeah, that's one of the iconic facts.
I see.
When you know what, it's the best and movie I ever seen.
What do you think?
Like it or not?
Tough to do, okay?
I mean, how many movies are uplifting, right?
A lot.
Usually, no, usually movies that are uplifting are corny movies, you know, like Jimmy Stewart
but oh, it's a wonderful life.
That's not the idea.
Well, I'm just telling you, those are the uplifting movies corny.
I mean, the record for Dream was that uplifting?
No, of course not.
It was depressing.
This movie is so portantly made that there were no words to describe it.
In the fact that you don't want to give it as proper a duly indicates to me that you
got to fuck up your ass about something.
Oh, I should have put that on the pole yesterday.
Yeah, that's right about Magnolia.
George is a fuck up his ass.
He's got Magnolia's up his ass.
A buzz, it just looks like a buzz.
What would you rather have up your ass, folks?
Lylots your magnolias.
Bugs.
Yeah.
That's such a phenomenal movie.
I don't see how I shouldn't have played that because every time I played I started thinking
about that scene again.
It just amazes me.
Every character in a movie is just so, I mean, you know, most movies there are characters
that I like that thing we did with the Godfather, you know?
We had a hundred characters on here and you could think about 80 of them and like if they
were in their fine, if not the big deal, a small potatoes, you know, like Frankie Pintangely.
Small potatoes.
Oh, you know that Al Pacino went to the, at least Ross is acting school in New York
as when he got his start.
No, I didn't know that because his bio was on biography last night.
Al Pacino.
And that's why he personally interceded to get that was the first time Lee Strasser was
ever in a movie.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
No, you got two pieces of news for you.
Did you know that Catherine Harris is dead?
Oh, no, that's right.
She's not.
Well, we can't be perfect.
And Lee Strasser, he went to him and he got him that part and got Father too.
I did just all these things and just a wealth of knowledge with all this stuff that I'm
seeing these days.
Just tons of crap.
I think that's cool.
Pull question.
Which of these female celebrities do you most strongly believe is a bike?
It's a bike Tuesday.
So everybody get ready to stick your feet like they do in Holland, stick your finger in
the bike.
Hillary Clinton 184, 184 for Hillary.
She's still got a solid lead, but Jodie Foster's creep in, creep at ever closer 151.
She's going to make a two-hoss race out of it.
And they still got a 60-throw motor.
Yeah, I was going to put Phil Sonsman on there and Phil's not working today because it's
Tuesday, never on the Tuesday.
Sorry, Phil.
Jamie D. Curtis 41 and colder 26.
And that bitch moved up pretty good.
She named Garafalo 21, Mariah Scary 15, and Cornel Hoyle has got 15 votes.
Sigourney Weaver 13.
She said that lesbian stuff is alien to her.
Jaila, who says she knows alien, she's got 12.
How can Jaila only have 12 votes?
What does she have to do, folks?
Does she have to come out there with a big billboard?
Does she have to have a sign for it?
She was married to that ballet dancer, whatever that first guy was.
Everybody that she's ever been associated with when I was supposedly married to was a
fruitcake, okay?
Is there a message here?
Is there a consistent pattern here?
Jaila will be 12.
Britney Spears 12.
Kathy Bates 11.
Chris, you know, see they probably figured with a big ass like that what a waste do it be with Jaila, you know?
What are Dice gonna do with a big ass like that?
I know, asked to ask.
Christie McNichol 9, Janet Jackson 8, Nicole Kibben 7, Oprah Winfrey's about 7.
She was the late addition in our omission.
And we apologize for that.
She should have spielkeys and arrays got 5.
She's right on Oprah's ass.
Whitney Houston 4.
Lisa Marie Pressley's 4.
Queen Latifa 4.
Helen Hunt 2.
Missy Elliott, I have no idea who that is too.
Poor little Sandra Bullock, who I think is sweet.
She's got 2.
I think she's cute.
She is cute.
Damn cute.
Dike.
Daisy Flannis 1.
Hillary Swank has got 1.
You ought to see it.
Linda Evans, Melissa Rivers, and downtown Julie Brown, Elizabeth The shoe and Char Day, they have none.
Out of 561 votes.
How do you like that, Boehner Boy?
561 votes.
No bad.
You just aren't the same today.
Are we going to hear about what your prom was this morning?
Get it out of the way to the slate clean.
I got pulled over.
You got pulled over again?
They had to switch my renna-cloth.
They had to switch my renna-cloth.
Oh my god.
Apparently they didn't switch over the tag.
And they were like, I was in the backseat of the car again.
I think they were going to like, they were trying to get a prize and nobody had a prize.
It was telling them anything.
And finally they said, oh yeah, we finally got a car and switched the car with these
producers, you're sure, over the lights this morning.
So yeah.
This man is not allowed to leave the building.
Well, let's build them.
We can find someplace in there like in a kitchen.
But there's an empty second floor.
He can just go over there and go over there and go over there.
Oh, okay.
There's a lot of people going to the back house.
Come on down the second floor.
We'll build you like a little apartment down there.
You're like a back house.
You're not permitted to leave the building, okay?
Because allowing you on the outside is dangerous.
You're laughing.
This is a man who cannot be allowed to drive, to walk, to be on the loose.
Man.
Anyway, I still love that movie.
I'm going to give it to anybody.
So if you're depressed, you're bad.
Hey, you're a soft lord.
Anything got to be more entertaining than that.
Maybe that's what they're depressed about.
Come on.
And I just love Amy Man.
Okay.
I don't care what anybody says.
I love Amy Man.
How you gonna argue with me about that?
No, I've been a Amy Man fan for a long time.
Paul Thomas Anderson is a freaking genius.
Okay, this man is a genius.
Anybody who could have made that movie and done all of these things.
And Jason Robards, like I told you, just basically died on the screen.
Pretty damn close to it.
He died right there on a freaking screen.
See, Jason.
What a great actor he was.
Jason Robards is dead.
Buddy, hack it is dead.
Catherine here.
I'm sorry.
Buddy, episode is dead.
Catherine Hepburn.
Definitely not.
Catherine Hepburn is dead.
Catherine Hepburn probably is with an H.
That's what I was.
Hey, Miss Fudge, it was Catherine Hepburn.
They were thinking about Catherine with an H.
Is that to it?
No.
It's just like you folks.
You don't agree with me that that's the best TV theme of all time.
You're wrong.
Look at that.
You won't believe this.
You're never going to believe this in a million years.
What?
Where I'm sitting here in my studio out on the window.
There's like a little patio.
Enter these cheesy chairs, you know, the kind of like patio chairs.
It just tipped over.
The wind just, I mean, didn't go over the edge of the,
it can't do that, but it just, it just tipped over.
I guess that's got to be paying me for that Catherine Harris story.
Oh, we apologize profusely, don't we?
No.
We're so sorry that we got sucked in.
Well, we didn't really get sucked in.
We just had it and we kind of like debated is this for real or not.
And why not let you know just in case.
And it got us on the drudgery port, which is seen by how many billion people
every day.
There you go.
Thanks a lot, Miss Fudge.
She's packing it.
We got the ballgame coming up.
131 is 560 WQM.
It's coming up at 145 with a pregame from Wriggly Field with Dave and Boring.
And the books, do we love the books there?
But Dave, are you van Boring or what?
Oh, man.
Don't let me forget Thursday to talk about that with what's his name.
With our Savior and Hero, the man who brought us from the depths of despair
back to the top of the mountain.
You'll see, you'll see, bringing him on board has to turn this place around.
It's the best damn thing whether we like him or hate him or whether he's a pain in the
answer, whether he's going to lose the license.
He is just a revitalized QAM, which was like, like dying on the vine.
Thanks to Greg Read and his messin' messin' and messin'.
And of course, thanks to some of the people he brought in, not the mention of names.
If you haven't called Donald Matriss yet and won 800 Matriss and you're in the market for a new
Matriss, I can't imagine what in the world you'd be waiting for.
Even Miguel, who isn't too swift, even Miguel, recently called 1-800-Matriss and got a new
Matriss from the folks of Donald Matriss and he reports that it was a piece of cake.
Nothing could be simpler and believe me in his case simple as the operative term.
They showed up right on time, they set up the new betting, they took away the stain, crappy, smelly,
embarrassing old betting, all of that for free.
So don't wait another minute, if you need new Matriss, these are the people you want to be
talkin' to. They give you a 2-hour window or you actually pick it.
You tell my lucky to be here on Tuesday between noon and two, between two and four, on Friday between five and seven.
You know holidays, weekends, whenever, and they'll be there for you even on the evenings.
Now maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish foam mattresses that you see in the specialty store.
Here's the good news for you. Donald Matriss carries tempered pedic as well plus all the big name brands
that you love, Sirta Simmons, King Quill, Celia, Low, Unbeatable, Everyday Discount prices.
So if you want to schlep around all the betting and department stores and pay for their big overhead, go ahead.
If you want to get ripped off, but if you want everyday unbeatable low prices, just the one easy call is all it takes.
Call 1-800-Matriss and they'll be there knocking on your door in no time at all.
1-800-Matriss for Donald Matriss, the easy and intelligent way to get you to a great night's sleep.
Or check them on the World Wide Web if you like at matriss.com.
5-Elecord, this is 5-60. The radio's on your side.
You in.
Sir.
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's worth that is.
Yeah, it couldn't possibly be us.
Watch your back, sir.
Where you won't wait for more.
Watch your back, sir.
Where you won't wait for more.
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Watch your back, sir.
Where you won't wait for more.
No more.
Oh, brother, all that love I don't understand.
You can eat from a trough while you're in both ends.
Jeff Big, that's what you made our ratings for.
You just like Clinton, it's all your fault.
That is straightening your fat ass out.
Well, we'll take the food out of your mouth.
That's right.
Watch your back, sir.
Where you won't wait for more.
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Watch your back, sir.
Where you won't wait for more.
 Black down here.
Listen what we said.
138.22 till two marlins and cubs. So just minutes away now.
Lynn Samuel's emailed me and she said,
Lee Strasberg would love a bunch of them.
What did I say? Did I say Lee Straszer?
I don't know. You want to know why?
Because I always do that.
Lee Straszer was a salesholder at WNWS about 100 years ago.
I always said Lee Straszer. I would have corrected you.
Well, why did she say that? She had like 80 exclamation points.
Lee Strasberg. Isn't that what I said?
Straszer?
I don't get it.
And I emailed her back and I said,
what did I say? What did I say?
Is there a way in there?
No, no message.
Well, she'll let me know. Believe me.
She'll let you my ass out.
Whatever I did wrong.
Hey, it wouldn't be the first mistake today, Lynn.
Made a bad mistake on that Catherine Harris story.
And are we upset about that?
No, we got some nice coverage on your boyfriend's website.
Billions and billions of people all over the world.
More people than our alive yet today are seeing that.
We put it on that she was dead while she was right there on C-SPAN on TV.
And of course, what was our first call?
First call right out of the box.
I got it. I was watching on C-SPAN at their intellectual audience for you.
Can't pull the wall over this audience's eyes.
All we've been doing it for a long time.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
That's still magnolia.
I didn't think that was all that great of a movie.
Still a tag.
This is Reverend Jones.
Yeah, Reverend Jones.
Yeah.
Here's the Del Rey Beach. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, my back is Sharon.
Sharon, do you think it's a die?
Yeah, well, you know, I'll need as much fish as every time you see it.
So what does that tell you?
But I got a couple more things.
I work at a lab in Palm Beach County.
And that fatty acid, you could make super balls out of stuff.
You couldn't kill that with a hammer.
I'm telling you.
That stuff is unbelievable.
Right.
I got a funny story for you.
I was talking to Hank yesterday.
And they want to know why there was no black guys in that car.
And I said, because you'd have to put, uh,
you have to put sirens to go my machines on the rest of the cars,
get them to drive fast.
Here we go.
Boy, he's your like this, huh?
I have to help him like this too.
Yeah, again, that whole dusty,
baker thing about blacks and about the spicks and I don't know.
And here, here about a week and a half ago,
the Toronto Star had a big thing on the front page,
calling the blue jays, the white jays.
And they don't have enough blacks.
They don't have the same percentage.
I mean, let's cut the crap already.
Okay.
Can't we just get along?
No, that would be, be no fun.
Be no, be no, uh, cook.
Oh, God.
Football season isn't that far away.
And what is the one thing we dread about football season on WQA?
Oh, look at that.
Did he take the thing off of me?
I think you're pardoned.
Miss Fudge, he took my thing off there.
I had the big headline.
Now it looks like it's gone.
Well, that, my, uh,
10 minutes of fame, sure, in last too long.
Although, uh, a lot of other stuff has changed on here too.
Well, we had like a little flash on there.
Just a little flash.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Live.
What's that schedule look like?
We got the ballgame coming up.
The big,
Oh!
It works real cheap, obviously.
5, 45, right after the Marlon game,
uh, till 10 o'clock tonight.
Oh, man.
That's an awful lot of the big,
if you ask me, huh?
Don't you think?
Oh, I wouldn't know.
We talked to that spanglish baby talk.
You know what I'm talking about?
I never hear that.
I never hear that.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, 80K at 10,
and then join Mark overnight, 2-5-2-1.
By the way, they still want that hour back.
In case Moe is listening,
you know what Moe says?
I'm listening.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Are you kidding me?
Forget about that.
We don't know where it is.
Which of these female celebrities do you most strongly believe
is a dyke?
That's our poll question that they're going to ask you.
They come.
Yeah, get out here.
Get out.
But he is.
He's listening right now.
Man with no life.
His life is golf and, uh,
and squeezing the bag and picking his...
Correct him.
Hillary Clinton, 191.
Jody Foster, 167.
You notice how tight that's getting?
That is getting really, really tight.
That Hillary, uh, Jody thing.
Jamie Lee Curtis, 42.
And Colter, 31.
Jeanine Graffalo, 22.
Mariah Carey, be really scary, 15.
And Equino Holi, 15.
Sigourney, we were 13.
Jolo is still stuck on a dozen.
Boy.
Britney Spears has got 12.
Not...
How do you even relate to that?
How...
What do we...
What do you say?
I'm...
What do you say?
Exactly.
What can you say that there is many people
who believe that Britney's a dyke as Jolo.
Kathy Bates, 11.
Christy McNichol, 11.
Oprah, 1-free-9.
Oprah's slowly but surely sliding it up there.
Jesse...
Janet Jackson, 8.
Jesse Jackson's got a whole bunch.
Nicole Kidman, 7.
Lisa Marie Pressley, 6.
Spilky's Nerey, 5.
Whitney Houston, 4.
Queen Latifah's got 4.
Helen Hunts got up here.
Missy Elliott's got 2.
4 Little Sandra Bullock, 2.
Daisy Fuentes, 1.
Hillary Swank has got 1.
She's swinging it right now.
Hillary's swinging her Swank, as we speak.
Now let's see.
The schedule Georgia's on tomorrow.
And we also have a Marlin game at 12.
45 Marles.
So psychologically we have prepared for that big 12.
45 to 145 hour.
Oh, that's the wrong one.
Oh, don't do that.
Oh, no.
What?
So I wanted to go on out to the ball game.
We got to play music, right?
Right.
I'm going to play that.
Just relax.
Relax.
First I wanted to play this.
And relax.
Relax.
By the way, my mother still takes X-Lax.
She told me she took six things, whatever it was.
And then the next day she took six.
Crap.
In fact, I'm going to be getting out the information
I can email my mom and get all the latest updates
on her ball movement.
Can we post them?
We can post my ball movement the time
and the texture on our website.
Does she have a digital camera?
Why do I hear about Catherine Harris?
I'm going to play the music.
Be watching for Millie's Cratcam
coming soon to the website near you.
Put that train spot in the shame.
Marlins in the cup, maybe.
Marlin baseball coming up next.
Learned to spell with Don Trell.
I'm listening.
Absolutely.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
