Imagine, I f***ing come out!
There's something happening here
But what it is, ain't exactly clear
There's a man with a gun over there
I tellin' me I got to be where
I think it's time we stop children
Watch that sound, everybody look what's going down
There's battle lines being wrong
And nobody's right if everybody's wrong
But the young people speak in their minds
I've been so much resistance
All behind the time we stop
Hey, what's that sound?
Everybody look what's going down
What field they for the heat?
A thousand full in the street
But third, singing songs and a carry inside
Mostly say, ooh, wait for our side
Yeah, it's time we stop
Hey, what's that sound?
Everybody look what's going down
There's
There are no ya strikes deep
Into your life it will free
It starts when you're always afraid
And you step out of line
The man comes and takes you away
We better stop
Hey, what's that sound?
Everybody look what's going down
Hey, what's that sound?
Everybody look what's going down
What's that sound?
Everybody look what's going down
Well, the difficulty that's occurred here, Allison,
is that the original plan, which sort of featured this sweep of military power
roaring up the Baghdad, was to be followed almost immediately by humanitarian aid
It was designed to win the hearts of the Iraqi people
to bring in water, to bring in food, drugs, medicine, generators to keep electricity going
All of that has been put on hold because of these pockets of resistance that make the area too dangerous
The difficulty here is the Iraqi people are very suspicious of the Western world
Very suspicious of the outcome of this war in terms of their own livelihood
And of course, many Iraqis very suspicious of the United States
because of what they see as uneven treatment in foreign policy for Islamic people
and indeed the Arab nations in the region
And what we're seeing is that there are no significant crowds of jubilant Iraqis
to the contrary, we're finding a lot of complaints, say, the White House here
from citizens who say that their children are suffering, that people who've been injured and in conflict are not being treated
Clearly, the President wants to get on top of that as quickly as possible
Also, as people talk about the humanitarian aid and these problems, they start to see some of the holes that are potentially problems in postwar Iraq
And when this supplement came out, Alison, it had the monies that you've talked about in large amounts
But very little money going to Iraq, something in the order of $543 million in humanitarian aid, way below what the UN and the NGOs say is necessary
And very little money, $1.7 billion, that sounds like a lot, but when you consider the reconstruction that needs to be done quite small for the future
And the criticism is starting to melt for the President on that
Today he'll deal with that when he's over at the Pentagon
And of course, when British Prime Minister Blair gets here, then he intends, of course, to talk more about the humanitarian aid and the solutions that the two men will have
The Middle East, there's worth, will be exploded to dominate people's guilt with the gas that we sold him
First time a crescer nation at the only one that's growing, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing, forget about Korea
The notes there to demand the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head
At Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
3,000 people killed are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
8,000 oil to be caught, and going after Saddam too, playing Kato Samah, there's no longer mention of the name in lawness, but no it seems concerned all
Come fee and complacence, believe in every word of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over into our heads
At Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying, we're all suspects now, not the ash profit is saying
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying, line of opinion, cattle don't have any reservations, bout unprovoked, battle-ent, world annihilation, older seems must fall, it have a burden installed
With no objection at all, and the crack don't have the palm and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade watchtitz
I have a weapon of mass destruction, only as a weapon of mass destruction
There's no more young like people, kill some people
Congratulations to Felipe and wife who win our hot couple contest hands down your pants
47% of votes, we had over 650 votes on that, not too shabby, hand well deserved
300 and a yes I told him, of course, now I'm not saying a word, we appreciate all the other four couples as well
The email from Felipe says, I'm an average looking guy but my wife is really hot, so I think we have a chance
No, I give him an 8 and I give her about a 9 and a half, and we have more pictures of hers that we can feature with that
We don't agree with that? Absolutely
I give him, what did I say, I give him an 8 and a half and her about a 9 and a half
I don't want to sell him a short
But anyway, they've got 308 votes and they win the first prize, which is a all-inclusive pass to the lifestyle's convention going on in the Doveville Hotel starting tomorrow
Oh right
Almost 500, I don't start talking too much, that guy will call again
Oh I know, shut up
So all the inclusive pass to all of the seminars, all of the parties, all of the pool events and second sewing
Okay, honey and her man came in second with 134 votes, that's honey with the beer boobs
Monica and her man had 96, Monica, I never dawned on me about Monica, you know
What?
Henry and Diane had 91 and last but certainly not least, Bob and Nadine had 26, a very nice couple
Yeah, nice couple, Henry and Diane had 91 and the other two Bob and Nadine and her only 26
We apologize to them for the audience being so cruel and brutal, okay?
They don't have all those friends to treat the poll apparently
Is that what it is?
I guess
Maybe they don't have any friends, maybe that's why everybody wants something, they all win something
They all want to dance, dance in their party and pass
Okay
And on our regular poll, if the damn thing ever, there it is
Our regular poll question on neo-rangers.com yesterday, 1556 votes, 8 votes, pretty impressive, yes me
Which of these statements best describes you're feeling about the Iraq attack?
It's all about oil and world domination, 488
It's long overdue, let's roll!
All right!
422
27%
It's a grotesque waste of human life, 236
Iraq represented no threat to the USA 208
It's mostly political 149 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people, 36
56
So if you add the 56 plus the 27, 30.5%
Say that something good about the Aurora or the attack on Iraq
And that means 69.5% said they don't think so, honey like that
And as I mentioned you before to show in the Seattle Post and Tellingser newspaper yesterday
They took a poll and the creeper is from freewarepublic.com
We have nothing better to do than, hey let's creep this poll
Which of course they're all a bunch of right-wingers so naturally you know the way they're going to tilt everything
For whatever the Bush-Mistor tells them
But interestingly enough even having been freaked late yesterday after no much is last time I checked it
About the 3000 votes, 58.7% said it's a, the question was now that the war started do you support the Iraq war or not
58.7% said yes they supported 35.1% opposed, 4.6% I'm sure in 1.5% said no opinion
In other words they're kind of like related to Greg they're like
How can you have no opinion?
I mean not sure is bad enough but anyway 58.7% so if you take away even just 3%
Which I'm sure was more than that because once those assholes start creeping polls they're like banging in the phony votes
Okay, we've experienced so if you take away 3% it's 55.5 to like 38%
Now that's only in Seattle, a grant you in one little poll but nevertheless it's sure a lot different from the propaganda that were being petalosed
76% American support this crap sure that's on the left coat. Yeah, that's right on the left coast forgot about that one of those liberal comedy pink
O a fact places
Oh, no, no, no, let me forget to Molly Oven's column. Oh trust me. I won't
12 minutes past nine at 560 WBQ we got a lot of business today and we got a good poll I think too
And probably have some more added to it I would think if you have $2,000 more on a credit card listen to this please
Devacate consumer counseling will help you it'll cost you nothing that's right it'll cost you Zippo
Devicated is a nonprofit company they'll contact the companies you will money to and then they'll cut your payments in half
Call 1-800 no for I can't say this right 1-800-4 no debt
That's 1-800 the number four and the letters N-O-D-E-B-T
Got it
Pricated will help you cut your interest rate to eliminate late fees and save your credit and it'll cost you nothing the bank plays
Devicated you pay zero so if you're tired of battling credit card debt called dedicated in 1-800-4 no debt
Call and find out how dedicated can help you out here
Not nothing to lose if you've had with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees called
Devicated consumer counseling and they'll handle it from there call right now
1-800-4 no debt and don't forget it cost you Zippo
I'm a local
Holy cow Aaron's coming on actually a lesbian
Hi everyone welcome to name that suit
We're tonight our finalist will last week will have a chance to win our million dollar jackpot
Let's meet our finalist right now, Mr. Duff Lindsey
Thank you. I'm a little nervous right now. Oh don't be nervous. You did fine last week. This should be a breeze
Yeah, all right. Let's get you that million dollar jackpot. Are you ready for the first two?
Yes, I have been practicing all week. Okay, then here we go. They we hear the first tune, please
Stop. Thank you got it. Yeah, I'm gonna have an ad-norton. You are correct, sir
Okay, this is the big moment you can quit now or keep yours. Oh, no. I want to go for it. You had for the million dollar jackpot
For one million dollars name this two
Something wronged off maybe you didn't hear it right again for mr. Lindsey
I don't know most of these little three-studies he sounds like I mean the duck
Mom, they sound like one of the three students. Chef. Maybe you can do that morning show with our friends 918 at 560 WQ
I'm here's our poll for today before I get to the Molly Ivens piece
Which outspoken entertainer do you respect most of their viewpoints?
This coming on a heels of the Oscars and the big to do about why you're not supposed to say anything because it's bad form
Why the hell not? I
Much of others who had you know come out against the war and so the right-wing groups naturally get together
What do they do they send letters to the Hollywood screen actors a guild and all of these other Hollywood organizations to try to boycott them
Shades of the 50s. Maybe we're right back to Joe McCarthy. He'd be so proud
He's probably squeezing himself or maybe squeezing Roy Cohen in each other's grave, you know reaching through the box
Pretty god damn sad and it was interesting because yesterday mad dog the first 30 seconds because I wanted to hear his take on a war
And all what's going on and he was talking about oh, you know, he he likes what he sees in America
You know freedom of speech everybody can say their thing
And I thought to myself stick to the sports mad dog. Well, yeah, all right good stick to the sports
Anyway, which outspoken entertainer do you respect most of their viewpoints? Here's my list so far
Charlton Heston
And probably get your vote wouldn't it? Oh, yeah, so it's a little bit on the pitch Martin Sheen Susan Sarandon
Michael Moore
Mac Damon Roy Scheider Barbara Streisand Rosie O'Donnell Bill Mar Mike Ferrell none they should all shut up
I didn't put that on your we got to add that okay, and then we can add some more depending on you know whether the audience wants to add some or not as the case
Maybe well who else has been opening up a mouth?
Well, I don't know. That's why that's my list. I'm sure that there must be others. It seems pretty
We're not saying we're not asking and I wore protest. We're just asking about people in the show business who express
Have you point about guns on oh?
We're gonna war on anything I'd Charlie Daniels on there because he weighed in on it Charlie Daniels
Yeah, what the hell did he say he oh he was blasting the Dixie chicks and all the Hollywood celebrities because he's all
You know fly waving now. Oh well, look at the Dixie chicks eventually, okay, and a clear channel story
Well, what a disgusting story that is she on there
He is who on there did Dixie chicken question that got them into all the hot water. Oh, she should be I think
Well, what's her name Natalie mains?
Natalie what mains
Mains mains what kind of a name is that?
Well, by the way, anybody likes passions you must watch it this afternoon, okay?
We got the divorce court on there with a real judge. What's the name of the judge?
She's a hoot maybe lean something or other from the real divorce court show. I don't know
I just mentioned that and passing from my passions people out there TC and EU for on there
It's all of course a dream, but nevertheless it's cute
Cheney Link nonsense rights Molly Ivens VP boosted Saddam she says excuse me
I don't want to be tacky or anything but hasn't it occurred anyone in Washington that sending vice president Dick Cheney out to champion
An invasion of Iraq on the grounds that Sodom who sent his a murderous dictator is somewhere between bad traced and bad taste and
Flaming hypocrisy
When Dick Cheney was CEO of the oilfield supply from Haliburton the company did
$23.8 million in business with Sodom who's saying the evil doer prepared to share his weapons of mass destruction with terrorists
So if Sodom is the world's worst leader how come Cheney sold him the equipment to get his dilapidated oil fields up and running
So we could afford to build weapons of mass destruction
In 1998 the United Nations passed a resolution allowing you to run to buy spare parts for its oil fields
But other sanctions remained in place and the US has consistently pressured the UN to stop exports of medicine and other needed supplies and the grounds
They could have dual use
As the former secretary defense under Bush the elder
Cheney was in particularly vulnerable position on the hypocrisy of doing business with Iraq
Although in 1991 after the Gulf War Cheney told a group of oil industry executives
He was emphatically against trying to topple who's saying
Using two subsidiaries dresser ran in Ingersoll dresser
Haliburton helped rebuild Sodom's war damaged oil fields the combined value of these contracts for parts and equimos greater than that of any other American company doing business with Iraq
Companies including shot Sombraje flow serve Fisher Rosemout General Electric
They acted through foreign subsidiaries or associated companies in France Belgium Germany India Switzerland
Bahrain Egypt and the Netherlands
In several cases it's clear the European companies did no more than loan their names to American firms for the purpose of dealing with Hussein
Iraq then became America's second largest Middle East oil supplier
The story was initially reported by financial times of London over two years ago
And has since been more extensively reported in London press
But as we've seen with the case of Harkin energy many other stories
There's a difference between a story having been reported and having a tension being paid to it
A distinction many journalists have trouble with
Thus the administration was able to dismiss the new information on shady dealings at Harkin as old news
Because not much attention was ever paid when the old news was new
When Cheney left Haliburton received a 34 million dollar severance package
Despite the fact that the single biggest deal of his five-year career there the acquisition of dresser industries turned out to be a huge blunder
Since the company came settled with us as best as liability
On the campaign trail Cheney often claimed he'd been out in the private sector creating jobs
The first thing he did after dresser merger was lay off 10,000 people
Haliburton America's number one oil services company is the nation's stiff largest military contractor in the biggest non-union
Employee in the US it employs more than a hundred thousand workers worldwide and does over 15 billion dollars a year
Haliburton under Cheney dealt with several brutal dictatorships including the despicable government of Burma
The company also played questionable roles in Algeria and Gola Bosnia, Croatia, Haiti, Somalia and Indonesia
Haliburton also had dealings with Iran and Libya both on the state department's list of terrorist states
Haliburton subsidiary Brown and Ruth the old Texas construction firm that does much business with the US military was fine
$3.8 million for re-exporting goods to Libya in violation of US sanctions
If you want to know what Democrats didn't jump all over the story make a big deal out of it because as usual
Democrats are involved in similar dealings
former CIA director John Dwyches on the border flumber Jay the second largest oil services firm after Haliburton
Which is also doing business with a rack through subsidiaries
Americans have long been aware that the corporate money is consistently corrupted domestic policy in favor of corporate interest
And that both parties are in thrall to huge corporate campaign donors
We are less accustomed to connecting the dots when it comes to foreign policy
But there's no more evidence that corporations pay attention with anything other than profits
And therefore in dealings than they do in their domestic deals
And Iran is usually provides some textbook examples of how in different human rights American companies can be
Haliburton dealings in Nigeria in partnership with Shia Lenshevron provide another such example including gross violations of human rights and environmental abuses
No one is ever going to argue that Saddam Hussein is a good guy
But Dick Taney is not the right man to make the case against him
I've never understood by the Washington press court cannot remember anything for longer than 10 minutes
But hearing Cheney denounce Saddam is truly give us a break time
wrote Molly Iverns back on September 4th of last year
Very well worth the bringing back Thyslin
How do you like that?
Yeah, I mean I've consistently made reference to that fact, but there you go
More of your comedy lies
That's what Dr. Lara would say and of course some of the others
Comey fag lies don't forget that
Your homosexual agenda. Hey while somebody facts me a great website
Dear
rad.blogspot.com rad is r-a-e-d
Dear raid.blogspot.com and it's a guy in Baghdad who's got his own website
Which is very unusual because most people don't have access to the internet and don't have computers obviously
But this is pretty interesting stuff on it and it's written from the viewpoint of somebody inside the city
Who's living in Baghdad? I'm going to read it a little bit of that
Ragheads who cares what he has to say exactly what we'd rather hear the propaganda right?
I'm a general port out of this on the BBC
You said at the beginning that
Despite the weather you were able to maintain an increased pressure on those Republican guard divisions around Baghdad
Does the does the fact that you have these ferocious
Sandstorms make it more difficult for you to fly the Apache's which you're key part of that softening up process
And but the fact that those divisions appear to be
scattered about rather than classically array and scout about perhaps close to civilian areas
I mean that this is a very laborious process. How long do you think it'll take to achieve your objectives?
Well, I'm not really going to talk about how long I think it'll take but I will tell you that
Certainly the weather the blowing sand and dust and winds do affect the Apache's but as I mentioned earlier in my comments
That this is an integrated a synergistic approach and and we are
Have the flexibility to be able to refocus additional airpower who can use the kinds of precision weapons that
That aren't hamper a lot of blowing going on those big dust storms over their sandstorms if you blow too much
You're in trouble even Terry new then 27 after 9 at 560 wqm if you're fat man
You'd not only grow test looking but also you're unhealthy and believe me take it from me eventually it'll catch up with you
If you want to lose the weight the delicious to save the easy way do what the beast is doing
And someday soon you might just look as lovely as him we can only pray and then he's lost almost 60 pounds in balance for life
And you could lose that much maybe you don't have that much to lose you know 10 15 20
60 100 whatever it is
You don't have to figure anything and it could be that you don't have to figure anything out because they do all of that for you
No cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting
It's all based on the zone diet and believe me the food is fresh. It's delicious. They bring you a little black sack every day
By 6 o'clock in the am as matter fact they deliver right to your door at your home at your work at your pup tent
We're a lot under the overpass wherever you're hanging out and in that black sack three gourmet meals and two delicious nights
Right inside all you need for the entire day and you won't be hungry there because there's plenty like I said in there
They let you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you run a program
Everything is fresh nothing frozen nothing pre-fat no chemicals and delicious and the weight just pours off the body
So if you're frustrated if you tried all the others and haven't been able to lose the weight if you're still like sickly and fat
Here's the answer for you balance for life. This could be the answer you've been looking for
Call them today and find out call balance for life at 954
568 3229 that's 954 568 3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com
We're supporting you 560
UAM
Askers
You
Huh back in the day when someone done us wrong
We didn't take their cry
In Pearl Harbor who went to jump to drop their bombs
We bombed them back
Now the Saudis they hit us hard and on our cards are little flags waiting
As that sauceine love and restart points of honor
The wrong way
About where they fall the world like
arrogance
Avagans, led by Bush and his family,
We may go with country,
Up,
Abel,
A ghost,
The darkest days in my history.
I don't want to be a packs of Americans.
In the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living in the mass.
If you want that SUV to try,
You're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
And so forth to be.
And I'm embarrassed to be an American
Where we take triadically
With your wave of flag and wet hand,
With our hand in the sand,
And blindly follow the powers that be apathetic.
Up,
Washington State,
From you,
Who's on a 65-inch screen.
Sretcher balls and pie,
Everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
No, plus America.
934-560.
Nobody can cure me.
I'm happy Tuesday too.
What a beautiful weather there.
Find out under the 100.
Right.
Both the temperature and the average age
You finally got under 100 and that's good.
At least for today.
Here is like in the 50s,
Going to be again today.
Beautiful.
Not so beautiful and bagged that,
Though in most of Iraq.
Iraq.
Yeah, who cares about that?
Sandstorms and nasty and rain.
And they said even maybe hail.
Other than the hail storm.
I hear the other day.
The likes of which I never saw.
Really?
Yeah.
I heard about that.
Stuck in the traffic.
I thought they were going to bust through my windshield.
Mo, grabbed a few of me.
Thought that they were golf balls.
Anyway, we better take this one call.
Maybe it's just existing for the pool for a lot of day.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Real quick.
A couple of things.
First of all, I just want to let you know I've been listening to you since those about 13 years old.
For about 15 years now.
I just love your show.
Oh, right.
One of the things I saw in this show is that we always talk about a melting pot in this country.
But anyone has any slightly different opinion on what should or shouldn't be done.
And what everyone tells us to do is get out of the country.
You don't like it, leave it.
Exactly.
I'm sure you've seen that in the show that you talked about.
That female basketball player who turns her back during the national anthem.
Sure.
And everyone's going to be like,
and they're giving her nothing but a bunch of crap, right?
That's another thing.
You know, Matt Dog talks about, well, you know, America, everybody's got a right to express their opinion.
And that doesn't mean anybody's got to like it.
But at least respect the fact they've got the right to do it as opposed to trying to like growl beat them and abuse them.
Just because you don't happen to agree with their opinion or the way they express it.
Exactly.
I think that's probably the one thing that most people would agree on.
The one thing that actually should be good about this country.
You should be able to say what you feel.
Well, like I said yesterday, the fact that we have to keep repeating that at this stage of the game
in the year 2003, you think by now that already should be taken for granted.
Exactly.
You know what's funny is I remember George Carlin once had a line.
He said he's not a very good American because he likes to form his own opinion.
If you have anyone like that, they pretty much like to run you out of town.
A real quick suggestion for the poll.
I heard the very end of it.
I don't know if you had this guy on here with Sean Penn.
No, that's right. How could we leave him off here?
Because I know he's been very big.
He's a lawsuit against the Hollywood producer of the movie that they cancel.
He's got a major lawsuit.
Exactly.
One of the last thing you know, first of all, the circuit and secret services coming after you for your last tirade on Dick Cheney.
But finally in closing, I wanted to ask you, I love the first two Eisner bits.
I heard the very, very tail end of the last one.
I didn't know if you'd be able to play in the next half hours.
Oh, I know.
Well, you got it, man.
Love you, Neil.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
I love Eisner.
Like crazy.
Not Eisner himself, just Mickey and his thing.
And we love the Blue Bird.
And Remus.
Anyway, here's this thing.
And the guy's name is Rae.
I couldn't pronounce it because it was like in the middle of a website.
I guess that's the guy's name.
A-E-D.
He's Iraqi.
And he's in Baghdad.
He lives there.
What a concept.
Unfortunately, people live there.
People live there.
Five million.
I see.
Used to.
Anyway, the last two days he didn't have internet access.
So the last little chronicle he's got on here was from 323, which was Sunday.
And just a little perspective on from him, from somebody who lives there, what's going on around him.
He says, we start counting the hours from the moment of the news channels report that the B-52s have left their airfield.
It takes him around six hours to get to Iraq.
And the first day of the bombing, it worked precisely.
Yesterday, we were a bit surprised that after six hours, bombs didn't start falling or available.
While buying groceries, the woman who sells his device was talking to another about the approach of American armies to Najaf city,
and about what's happening at Umkazir and Basra.
If Umkazir is so difficult to control, what's going to happen when they get to Baghdad?
It'll turn uglier in this is very worrying.
People and I've been allied forces were expecting things to be much easier.
There are no waiting masses of people welcoming the Americans.
And where are they surrendering by the thousands?
People are doing what all of us sitting in their homes, hoping that a bomb doesn't fall on them and keeping their doors shut.
The smoke columns have now encircled Baghdad almost.
The winds blow generally to the east, which leaves the western side of Baghdad clear.
But when it comes in the way of the sun, it covers it totally.
It's a very thick cloud.
We're going to have some very dark days, literally.
We still have electricity.
Some areas in Baghdad don't have after last night's attack.
Running water and phones are working.
Yesterday, many leaflets dropped on Baghdad.
While going around the streets, I got lucky.
I have two.
After being so unkind of the people at industry deathrock.com,
I don't know whether I should post images or not.
And we've also had another email attack this time.
I was lucky again and have copies of these.
The sender is someone called, whatever.
I've not checked on these yet.
Three of them are to be army personnel and two are to the general public
and those that they gave us radio frequencies were supposed to listen to.
They're calling it information radio.
So that's just a little perspective on a guy who lives inside of Baghdad.
And of course, they've sent more, put more oil in the trenches today.
And they were showing a little while ago the billowing black smoke up out of the air.
Gotta be really good for the lungs, you know what I'm saying?
Oh!
But at any rate, you know what they say?
We're liberating them.
Isn't that correct?
19 till 10 at 5.60 WDQM, where we dare to speak our god damn minds
whether anybody likes it or not.
The billboard I understand is still up.
But you like that, whether Donna Shalait likes it or not.
Stick it, Donna, okay.
To use sweetheart.
Idiot.
He don't be likes it, I'm who's saying.
If you find yourself in a dead end job, pick up the phone and call FastRain.
Call 1-866 FastRain to get started in a new, high-paying computer job.
Unless you're hiding under your desk and cruise missiles are landing around you, there's no excuse, no mo.
Call FastRain 1-866 FastRain.
They offer convenient day-evening weekend classes.
Check them out on the web at fastRain.com and get out from that dead end job.
Unlike dictators, computer professionals are on high demand.
Call FastRain 2-day.
And no matter where you live, there's about to be a convenient location for you because they're all over town.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pemberpines, and Fort Lauderdale 2.
Register at fastRain.com to receive your free American bumper-sticker.
Pick up the phone and call FastRain today.
In fact, if I had one of those, I'd like to plan it right on Todd Drex.
I don't like that. Call FastRain 2-free today.
1-866 FastRain.
I'm on my way.
This is Sports Radio by City.
You way up.
You're God.
We're rising on fuel.
What are you looking for?
I'm looking for an radical station.
Why a radical?
You gotta be kidding.
I'm just won't fill up away from a cow-lead, bin-m-flush, bobble-head doll.
Y'all are a rabbi-go dealer, want you to know that we're your eternal friends.
Just fill your tank with a rabbi-go and get a 9-11 commemorative bobble-head doll for only 9-95.
You'll get a George W. Dick Cheney, Holly bin-m-flush, and Token Negro Condoleez arrives.
I'll come with a complimentary cardboard fold-out diorama of Ground Zero.
Kids will love placing the bobble-head doll on top of where the buildings fell.
I plant diorama sold separately.
Collect the entire Carlisle group.
Improve your car's performance with the rabbi-go and put a Saudi terrorist in your tank.
Oh right!
He didn't say Condoleez, did he?
I didn't hear a thing.
9-46 at 5-60.
I did.
Anyway, we've got 103 votes on a poll already in just a matter of moments.
And we don't have Sean Penn on here yet.
Come on, Carlos.
Get Eric on the ball with you.
He's taking care of it right now.
Time to put down a goddamn double burrito with extra cheese and beans.
Put it down, Eric.
Anyway, which outspoken entertainer do you respect most for their viewpoints?
None of them.
They should all shut up 38.
See, I don't...
I mean, I put that on there because I knew it would get a lot of votes.
But I understand that.
Why can't they have an opinion?
And why was there such hysteria, such paranoia, the other night at the Oscars?
Why would they realize they'd asked them not to get too carried away?
But why would they so psychotic about that?
Remember when the Marlon Brando did the thing with the Indian girl?
Right.
And didn't George C. Scott do some also...
I forget what he did, right?
Well, they don't like it.
That's right.
Tough crap.
They have a right to have an opinion.
Anyway, none they should also have up 42.
Michael Moore 40.
Let's hear it from Michael Moore.
Oh!
Chuck Heston 10.
They love Chuck Heston.
Right, winners.
Charlie Martin Sheen 6.
Bill Marr 4.
Susan Sarandon a pair of Rosy O'Donnells got a big pair.
Barbara Strison's got two crossed eyes.
Charlie Daniels has one.
Natalie Mainz from the Vixie Chicks has one.
Mike Furrell one.
Numpher Roy Shyde, Numpher Mad Damon, Numpher Roy Shiongpaniak.
Because he just went up there out of 111 votes real quick.
I remember the hat we had a call yesterday.
And a car was talking about the beach fest.
Yes.
I was complaining.
I was lamenting the fact that here we have these hundreds of thousands of people protesting all over the world in major cities.
Just about everywhere.
And he made the comment that here we had just a handful of protesters in South Florida over the weekend.
But there were 300,000 people at beach fest.
Now, I had forgotten about this because it was at least a couple weeks ago that I did the story about beach fest.
And what it was going to be about this, we got to ask Lewis Palau.
Right.
You put it on the website.
Let me do that in a second.
Should we do the lady first?
Yeah.
We'll be in Haley and Hilar first.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Would you consider putting Robert Greatford on there, please?
Okay.
On the environment, he's really good.
Do you remember when he wrote that letter to Gail Norton?
She had asked him to be part of a condor release program.
And he wrote a letter saying your record on the environment is visible.
A business card will not be part of a photo app.
How about Paul Newman?
Paul Newman.
I'm not too familiar with his work, but I've been following Redford.
And I think he's great for the environment.
Okay, it's on.
Thanks.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Paul Newman and Robert Redford, both three are much active as the environment and the Paul Newman anti-warth citizens so on.
Get them both on their right away, Carlos.
Anyway, this story about the beach fest is just staggering to me.
This is really frightening for South Florida.
I don't think there's any hope.
Evangelist Lewis Palau prayed for captured dead American troopsunded during beach fest in Fort Lauderdale,
which rivaled the largest USB-5 of the coin to police card estimates.
I saw the pictures from it, but I thought it was like a festival, like a beach thing, like beach-like at Bingo.
You see what I'm saying?
Well, that's how they presented it.
They had TV ads, banners everywhere, bumper stickers, signs, and people's yards, post-
But that's not what it was.
I know.
Please bless America.
The first American fest organizer, Palau, prayed as 24 by 16-foot flag was unfroled on the stage Sunday afternoon during a patriotic salute to a nation at war.
He asked God to protect the troops as well as their wacky innocence.
People he described as being just like Americans are wanting peace and a better life for their children.
He also pleaded with the thousands thronging to hear his message to put aside their political differences and pray for American leaders to make wise decisions.
When's that going to start?
Even if they make mistakes, Palau urged the crowd to pray that they turned to God for wisdom.
The premiere estimate by Fort Lauderdale police that 300,000 that attended the festival over two days would make it one of the largest such religious events ever comparable to Billy Graham drawing more than 250,000 for example in his four-day Jacksonville Crusade in 2000.
Police said they'd revised their beach-fest attendance numbers to about 200,000 on Saturday because of a huge turnout for Palau's evening message in popular Christian bands.
That would be more than double the previous record of 85,000 attended one day at one of Palau's faith festivals in Seattle.
Are you ready for this incredible?
Although an afternoon downpour scared off many festival goers Sunday, thousands stayed for a popular Christian band, skateboarding and a chance to see dolphins football players for Lauderdale police sergeant Frank Miller estimated 100,000 attendance Sunday.
God is at work said Mike Black Hall of Fort Lauderdale noting that hundreds had professed their newfound faith during the festival.
Oh my God!
It just, you know, it makes you want to cry. It makes you want to just sit down and cry.
Since the 9-11 terrorist attacks, Palau said Americans have become more spiritual, more than a four million becoming Christians.
The war on the reports of American casualties have also renewed interest in their faith.
Well, you know, I'll say just like I did after 9-11, where is your God right now, huh?
Where's Aula? Where's God? Where's Elohim? Where's, uh...
There are the sidelines rooting for the favorite team.
I see. They're betting on who's going to win a God in NCAA, is that?
My God.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that.
You're God.
Wow.
Instead of asking the obvious questions and saying what kind of a loving God would sit back on his throne or whatever the hell he's sitting on the whole,
and permit this kind of crap to go on his suffering, this... seeing these pictures that we're seeing on television,
now that we have this video war kind of game, video game kind of wars.
And more people are believing in God?
Wow. There's no hope, there really isn't.
You just have to like I've told you for a long time.
Do the best you can, live your life, try to like be left alone, and that's it, that's all you can do.
So I really respect these people because they have a lot to lose, these entertainers that make millions of dollars.
They got a lot to lose, but they don't give a crap.
Like Michael Moore especially, he don't give a crap.
He came up here to Toronto to make the movie.
He doesn't care because he couldn't get made down there.
Bowling for Columbine.
I couldn't get it made in the US, how do you like that?
And then he wins an Oscar for it.
Michael Moore's got 57 votes, none they should all set up 54.
Chuck Heston's got 11.
Martin Sheenay then the small potatoes after that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon level.
Intersperser plenty of calls today, won't we?
Couple.
If we get them.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes, good morning Neil, how are you?
Yes sir, okay.
I've been listening on and off the last couple of days.
I don't know if you mentioned the poll that was in USA today on Friday.
No.
Where Godfather was picked as the best all-time movie?
Really?
Yeah, it's an offer you couldn't refuse.
They had from generations like the 30s, the 40s and such and such and they went against each other.
And the Godfather won with 1,643 votes.
All right, excellent.
Yeah, they had, I didn't agree with all the votes and gladiated with number 2,
gone to the win with number 3.
Tocqueblanco was 4, salad music 5, sinless lips was 6.
All about Eve, all quiet on the west and front and out of Africa.
But it was great people that have the Godfather all weekend on down here.
That's what I hear Carlos said that he watched the Godfather 100 hours over the weekend.
Yeah, it's gone all the time.
Because then on other things, Neil, it just gets ridiculous with these people.
I drive a cab and I couldn't even get anywhere on the beach on Saturday and Sunday
because I just had to avoid all of the hobbub and all of the crates in this with all of these good Christians running around.
Doesn't that just amaze you?
Where does all of this come from?
300,000 people?
You know, I really don't mind what you're doing.
I mean, here we have a war going on.
There are innocent men, women and children who are dying.
There's massive debate about this all around the world.
There are hundreds of thousands.
There are millions of people protesting every weekend all over the world.
And we've got 300,000 people in South Florida that show up for religious festival.
While I hand full a few hundreds show up to protest the war and make some comment about it one way or the other.
Something as wrong in his thumb.
I haven't told you that for years.
There's something wrong here.
These people have lost their looking for something.
And I myself personally believe that you could be spiritual without being tied into any specific religious message or whatever.
It's all what you believe yourself and like what you say, just do what others do, no harm.
But it's ridiculous because these people try and tell you that you're wrong.
They're right.
And if you don't listen to what they have to say.
But you know what, Neil?
Just keep on putting up the good fight.
Keep the great show going.
Thanks, Lauren.
You know what Tommy Frank said.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, huh?
You want to get mixed up in the family business.
Now you want to go down a police captain like you slapped you in the face a little bit.
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot him a mile away?
You're going to get a post like this.
The big your blood that brains all over your nice time leaks.
Come in.
You're taking a scary person.
Great.
Oh, it is.
And I think it's one thing.
Those people are a tear all of war coverage.
The dark side.
Yeah.
If you want to get off the dark side, all of it is kind of dark.
It's filmed kind of dark.
Got a father one.
But just get the trilogy.
Okay.
Go out there and get the CD, the video tapes, the DVD, the DVDs, whatever you're going to.
And just lock yourself in the house for 24 hours.
Excellent entertainment.
Even if you've seen it all before.
Because once you start watching it, you can't turn it off.
Yeah, I had that problem this weekend.
Couldn't leave the house.
I've seen all three of them about 7,000 times.
And if I just happen to be channel surfing and it's on here somewhere, I cannot shut it off.
9.56 at 5.60 WQM.
For years I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio-medna.
Keep telling you because it's great stuff.
It really works.
I'm taking it from my blood pressure.
It's stupendous.
Olio-meds soft gels contain pharmaceutical-grade olive oil.
The best you can buy.
Not just regular olive oil, but super concentrated and loaded with all kinds of healthy things.
Olio-meda, if you can help produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different olio-med formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical-grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbose to support specific needs.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for use.
And now there are three new olio-med formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight, and cell Q10, which is outstanding and important for your heart.
You'll find olio-meda, publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, divers and sedans, or if you like, order it online at olio-meda-mercad.com.
If you want to get any more information about their products, no obligation. Just call them toll-free. Ask away.
1-866 olio-med.
That's 1-866-653-6633. And if you're planning on attending the NASDAQ tennis tournaments this week, make sure you stop by the olio-med booth.
They'll be given away free samples and raffling away gift baskets packed with olio-meda products so you can start popping it in your push right away.
My, I am local.
You're sports video five-sixys. You ain't, you ain't.
You ain't.
God.
It's new and it's at Burger King. Godfather Trilogy action figures. They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and superlars drink. And that's a superlars drink. No exceptions.
Get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister.
Or get the bullet-rattle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow. Isn't that great? And press all your friends with the Don himself.
I'll make him an offer. He can't reveal.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business and it's at Burger King.
10 o'clock at 5'60 WQM. The mad dog will be along at one stick to the sports mad dog.
Good.
Hey, Goldberg at the NASDAQ 10 is turning a minute three. We got the hurricane hotline at seven Orlando.
I'll sugary the big eight to 10.
Eddie K 10 and Joe and Mark overnight. No ball games. No more homo hockey game tonight for the panthers to lose again.
They'll be in Buffalo tomorrow night.
4 to 1 lost in New Jersey game last night. Seven consecutive.
And what is it about 99 out of the last 100 at home? They just I don't know.
Marlon Brando speaking of the Godfather bad news since it is kind of partly tabloid Tuesday.
But they would only just take to the war stuff.
Marlon Brando suffering heart failure. Oh, you ought to see this picture. Oh my God.
He's got away like 800 pounds.
This is in the inquirers a matter of fact. So when you go to your publics or Walgreens.
You don't have to buy the sun paid six. Marlon Brando suffering heart failure.
Family fears his days are numbered. You know how many he's got left?
About 30, man.
I think you'll be not domestic from this picture. Wow.
Tahitian common law wife, Tareda, flew to Brando's bedside after he told her that he is dying.
He said Marlon Brando suffering from congestive heart failure and is on oxygen.
And family members fear he has only weeks to live.
But it is something you could be right because for weeks you know how many days that is.
Right? About 30, man.
Yeah. But when the legendary actor who turns 79 on April 3rd, we hope was totally needed to be hospitalized.
If he spotted with his own brand of gallows, humor saying over my dead body.
Cute, huh? Yeah.
If his days are numbered, Marlon seems to be intent on dying in his home where he's lived for many years.
A family friend told the inquire for more than a month.
He's been receiving oxygen to help him breathe.
And he was told by a doctor who came to visit that he had congestive heart failure.
And again, I just can't even imagine why.
I just you've got to see this picture. It'll make you want to cry.
Another source told the inquire. Marlon is in really bad shape and his family is very afraid.
He may not live much longer. They're taking a matter of a few, they're talking a matter of a few weeks.
Marlon spends his days lying on his side in bed watching television or reading magazines.
He's not saying much and refuses to eat because he has no appetite.
Maybe he's got no room left.
I think he's still stubborn refusing to be admitted to a hospital.
He barked. I don't want to be a spectacle with the medical staff coming in all the time looking at you like you're a caged animal.
I'll just die here at home with some of my dignity intact.
The wheelchair was recently delivered to Marlon's home from Lincare, the same company that brought eight oxygen tanks to his home on a weekly basis.
Four tanks are normal. Anything over that is considered critical. Marlon is using eight of them. He's connected 24 hours a day.
Oh, paid six of this week's national inquire. Take a look at poor Marlon. Looks like somebody made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
He didn't refuse. And then of course you insist on sending me these priest sex abuse stories.
I think it's a duty. Huh? I never even got to the one from yesterday. I still have it here. Maybe you do it all priest day.
Now too much other stuff going on.
The world making progress. He did say the new water line into the into the Bosra area.
Things of that kind are going to be very, very welcome because this campaign as you know, Alison was designed to get rid of weapons of mass destruction.
For the regime change, but also to win the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people and they desperately need that humanitarian aid to make that work.
Thanks very much for this Henry. Thanks Henry from CBC.
Precincts to six months for sexual abuse. I can imagine that during this war there are going to be I'm going to be doing a lot of bedtime stories.
Yeah. Because the calls are slim and few and almost none. And that's okay to be honest with it because like yesterday we didn't have a lot of good calls quite frankly.
But the calls on the other side of the issue we had a one who was who's opinion on the war was all right. That was his opinion.
Yeah. And then we had the other one is Michael Moore a bag like you to and that was that those were the two in four hours.
Making their case for this glorious war deliberate the Iraqi people and eliminate these weapons of mass destruction speaking of weapons of mass destruction by the way.
US officials tell CBS news correspondent David Martin that the Iraqis have drawn a red line on the map around Baghdad and once American troops crossed that line the Republican guards are authorized to use chemical weapons.
Word of the chemical threat came as US led forces class with Iraq's elite fighters for the first time about 50 miles south of Baghdad.
US Apache helicopter is fired on the guard to soften them up or ground forces heading north to Baghdad.
The Pentagon confirmed that one of the attacking Apache while we were already know that.
So there you go. They're threatening to use chemical weapons in that red ring around Baghdad.
56 year old priest of the Dominican Order and a former headmaster at Newbridge College in.
Killed air was sentenced to six months after the six months imprisonment at Nost district core yesterday in Charlottesock.
You sent me this piece of crap. What is this from? Oh it's from Ireland. No wonder they got all these bizarre names.
Father Vincent Mercer pleaded guilty to four counts of a decent assault on 13 year old boy in a dormitory at the school of 1977.
The victim whose name is Peter who's now 38.
Asked that a certain name not be used to protect his family traveled from New York to pursue the charges. How do you like that came all away from New York to Ireland?
Peta that's his name.
After requested father Mercer's solicitor in other words his lawyer Mr Robert Eager the court was cleared of all not involved in the case before proceedings began before judge.
Moral canellan however the priest was allowed to remain and there you go. That's one short little story there piece of crap from Ireland.
Don't send me no more stories like that. Okay. All right.
But in Cincinnati which is a little bit closer to home. A special grand jury and paneled by Hamilton County prosecutor Michael Allen to investigate allegations of the sex crimes by Roman Catholic priest and died a two men.
This past Friday the charges of the first following a year long investigation the Reverend Kenneth shot.
Shotmer careful.
Shotmer Schmidt Mer a former Hanover Township priest was in debt at a charges he raped and abused the teenage boy raped and abused.
Shotmer a former priest of the Queen of Peace parish. I'm not making that up.
He's charged with rape, gross sexual imposition and sexual battery involving a June 18th 1999 account with a 17 year old Hamilton County youth.
And it goes on a great length. I'm not going to waste the time but it just goes to show you that they've only scratched it to the ice.
Brick and nobody cares about the name or because we got a war going on plus it's malpathed as you know.
What did I tell you? They gave you know a little bit of lip service to me. You got all whipped up there for a couple of months about it.
And we had all these big stories these exposs and a pope was a hyperventilating in the you know flailing his robes.
And I was about to end of that just like I told you.
Here's our only call it from Bokeh. Hello.
At the peace of Queen parish. Yes.
Neil please add Dennis Miller to the list. Okay.
And I wonder why he won't get a Marlon won't get a gastric bypass too late.
I'm getting one this summer.
Well good luck to you sir. Okay.
What are we adding Dennis Miller put Dennis Miller down on list. Okay. Oh Dennis Miller.
I thought he meant Dennis Leary. Dennis Miller. Well put him on there if you want.
I mean Dennis Miller just makes my stomach turn. Maybe I need a gastric bypass after hearing that name.
How's the pull going which I've spoken entertainer to respect most for their viewpoints not for their work but for their viewpoints.
Michael Moore 78 none of them they should all shut up 77.
Charlton S. in 17.
Bill Maher 11 Martin Sheen 11 Natalie means from the Dixie chicks nine. What is that chicks with what?
Susan Sarandon for Roy Shider and Sean Penny Chav 3 Sean was late additionally apologize.
Barbara Streisand she of the crossed eyes and the Charlie Daniels and Paul Newman and Rosio Donnelly to have a pair.
Mike Ferrell's got one Robert Redford's got a little one and Matt Damon he don't have any he don't have one zero.
Matt Damon has no votes well he had 223 they just don't realize he's out there doing it.
You know what I think about Matt Damon note. Yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon line big Arnie a chronic facts your faxes.
He says my wife and I made the idiotic mistake of trying to go to the gallery of mall after an afternoon play in Parker playhouse on Saturday.
And we couldn't even find a parking place with all those people parking in the malls lot and leaving with beach chairs, coolers, etc.
To walk this moronic beach fest then we got stuck in horrendous traffic just to escape the area.
What about your schmitz is going to start the granny. That's the way it is the Lord works in mysterious ways.
He was there because you know he wanted to screw up your weekend very sad 300,000 people showed up for that.
Halle Luia baby. Thank God we live in a very religious and a very patriotic place man where everybody's waving her flags and praising the Lord.
You know what makes me feel better. Aren't you lucky that you live there? Oh you you guys here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, they're welcome back. Yes, sir. I want to apologize to you. I was the crank call that called.
Except we feel a car. I didn't really mean I was trying to get me what?
They're by car. They say corny faggot. Whatever. It was just a reaction. I was supposed to remember one of those.
I mean when we don't get at least ten of those a day, it's not a good idea.
It was the chronic. You might not forget it, but I'm a pilot doesn't. But I'm on the internet now looking up Godfather information.
And they're standing on the internet that Martin Scorsese could have done a better job than Francis Ford Coppola in the Godfather.
A better job than who? The director of Godfather. Francis Ford Coppola.
Yeah, they said Martin Scorsese would have done a better job because he's more he got a better track record for violin films and stuff.
But why would you why would you be critiquing Francis Ford Coppola's job when it was rated than this polar guy talked about before rated the number one movie of all time?
No, I'm not critiquing. How can you be better than number one?
Did you think Martin Scorsese could have done if not equal a better job?
No. Okay. And as far as all this war stuff goes on, I think what's in the bathroom?
Do you think what? I think this is an asshole. Okay. Thank you. You think Bush is an asshole.
The big your planet brains will all be a nice, I believe.
That's the way you do it. You go for it all those laundry heads and just let him have it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for I could you hear him real well or was it just me?
No, he was like in and out up and down. He was like cutting in and out. I think that's what he's looking for.
Little in and out. Isn't just about everybody.
Morning of a humanitarian crisis there. The UN says the fighting has cut off a million people and the city is substantially without electricity and water to try to break the standoff.
The British Army has declared Basra a legitimate military target, but say it says it won't try to invade the city.
They say they will go after pockets of Iraqi fighters in the area.
Yeah. If you ask those who just stop resisting, okay, just lay down and die or give up.
Then we could, you know, have everybody out. You know, we ought to put the BBC on for a second.
Outskirts of Baghdad. Huge oil processing facility built by Britain around the plants burning oil filled trenches, bell chatt black smoke across the city.
And trying to confuse British and American war planes, but the plant is still operating.
In addition to the black smoke from the oil fires, Baghdad has now been engulfed in a blinding sandstorm seriously reducing visibility.
Now, you may think that that would lessen even suspend the air strikes, but we've continued to hear very heavy bombardments on the edges of the city.
Iraq has again been showing pictures of what it says is an American surveillance drone, which it has shot down.
Everyone here has heard of the reports of American troops being only 60 miles outside of Baghdad.
And yet, the authorities here seem remarkably confident.
We always confident. Our leadership always is really confident because we are defending our country.
We are addressing again, it's nobody. The others are addressing again, it's us. We are in our country. We are in our homes.
And we will defend our country the best way.
12 and it's active 10. What can you say to that at 560 WDQM? It's March, Madness time of the year again.
If you're looking to lay down some bets, if you want to plunge your gut side, you better know who you're dealing with.
VIP Sportsbook.com is the best. By the way, is Gary Sarner still there? Yes, on this morning.
Damn it. You can have complete trust in VIP Sportsbook.com, a legal and licensed sportsbook and one of the original online books and still the best in the universe.
You like high parlay ads, how to parlay ads have up to 2001's sound pretty good. How about free Saturday payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit?
But most of all, for the past seven years, VIP Sportsbook.com is in the reputation as the sportsbook for the best customer service anywhere.
Sportsbook for view.com is rated them number one in customer service two years in a row.
Could be your turn to go on the roll of a lifetime, but if that's the case, you better make sure you're in the right sportsbook at the time like now.
So sign up online at VIPsportsbook.com and get you a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit.
Nothing like starting out a winner. If you're not online, call them toll free at 1-866-VIP bets.
That's 1-866-VIP bets, but don't forget to 15% sound up bonuses only available online.
So get your ass online and get your 15% cash bonus today at VIPsportsbook.com or you be the VIP.
My life and love this is 43560.
You ain't too late.
Gryly is an invisible.
He's an American music icon, the original country punk.
And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band.
It's the best of Johnny Clash.
But you're rived, don't like it.
Rockin' the Casbah.
The man in black is back on track with a very special version of Train in Vane.
Did you stand by me? No, not at all.
Did you stand by me? No way.
Yes, London's calling and they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash.
If I go there will be trouble.
And if I stay it will be trouble.
Hello, this is Johnny Clash and I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy.
My brand new record.
So you gotta let me know.
Should I stay or should I go?
The best of Johnny Clash.
Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store.
1018 at 560 WQM.
Here's the fact it says.
If you haven't checked it out yet go to www.oscr.com.
They have video of the backstage interviews of all the award winners.
And Michael Moore continues to kick ass without interruption.
Makes for a very interesting viewing.
The only problem with that is that I could see him talking but I couldn't hear the audio.
Why is that?
You don't have to ask why because we got a cheap ass computer up here with no audio card in it.
Because the beesleys are a bunch of cheap bastards. That's why.
Hey, don't knock it.
Anyway, our friend Lynn says how about you need Graffalo and how could we have left her off?
Oh yeah.
Is it Graffalo or Gerafolo? Graffalo.
Like I said.
For she in the beginning, she was one of the very best.
She spoke to people against this award.
I mean really adamant and outspoken and articulate and out excellent.
Get around there Carlos.
Speaking about spoken.
Jeanine Graffalo, yes.
Could we mention this in that you were very aware of the Paul Krugman channels of influence article
and it's on the web page.
I'm going to read it next in a moment or two.
I got a plenty of bedtime books.
I've only gotten 20 copies of it.
Well, I don't want any more copies of it.
I do check the New York Times columns and editorials every single day.
You can take it to the bank.
In fact, I go over to the newsstand and I actually buy the times every day so I can read,
you know, not just what's on the website, but I can go completely through it.
20 copies off of the facts.
Well, I got it here.
I'll get to it.
It's all about clear channel.
In fact, didn't I mention this earlier in the show that goes to show you.
You've got to start listening at nine.
Not at nine, 15.
Not at nine, 30.
Not when Howard and his lesbians decided to go home, but write it.
Yeah, that's the time.
Okay, write it.
In fact, I thought the opening of the show today was magnificent.
I love this.
Yes, me.
It's filled about four or five good minutes.
I thought it was great.
I thought I was listening to Buffalo Springfield for what it's worth.
And I thought, boy, you know, it's enough to bring a tear to your eye.
And I realized that we're not supposed to go, wow, all that stuff from the 60s.
What was wrong with the stuff from the 60s as far as the protesters were concerned?
There wasn't a goddamn thing wrong with the 60s.
The government just convinced everybody, oh, this is just too out of control and too wild and too much promiscuity.
And do it.
Yeah, right.
Whatever you say.
Wasn't a goddamn thing wrong.
At least we had people with a social conscience in the 60s as opposed to being unconscious like in the whatever this is now.
The ought the threes.
Anyway, Paul, let me take a call or two.
I'll get to it.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I would like to put on a list Fred Thompson.
Fred Thompson, the former anxious right wing senator?
Yeah, that's it.
But he won't get any votes because you have a very narrow audience.
Well, what do you mean by have a were out?
Charlton Hesden's got 20 votes.
What are you talking about?
He does.
Yes.
Oh, I wouldn't vote for him.
Okay, well, go ahead.
Go vote for him.
Asshole.
We have a very near audience because we don't agree with you.
You can vote for whoever you want.
That's why we put them on there.
We're not just putting people on there to their agree with.
We got the Charlie Daniels on there and Charlton Hesden and Fred Thompson put them on there.
You know, we don't know who Fred Thompson is.
Just a just a rabbit right when you're not all of us and is a celebrity.
He's a big celebrity now because he parlayed his mediocre political career in the showbizness.
Kind of like Bubba.
Oh, and speaking of Michael Moore and Bubba.
Where's that book?
Nah, I thought it was I said it's in the third room.
It's in the other room.
But anyway, in the Michael Moore book, yeah, stupid white man.
You know, I did read from the beginnings of that where he rips the election and bush and all this other.
And it was just I was just squeezing myself out.
I was reading because it was also good just like he said at the Oscars yet.
But as you get to the latter part of the book when he rips the Democrats and built Clinton.
In fact, I am going to read some of that this week.
Good.
Just to show you because what am I always saying?
Both political parties suck.
That's the problem with America.
You're stuck with two political parties.
They're owned by the guy they big interest.
Michael Moore didn't vote for Clinton or Bush.
He voted for native unfortunately, but you know, but he did out of conscience.
Not that it accomplished anything except get pushed to win the election, but nevertheless.
Oh, he's probably still would have found a way to steal it anyhow.
Sure.
All right, you got a very narrow audience George.
That's the problem with us.
He's not a part of it.
He's only people who agree with us.
That's why that guy was listening.
What kind of a comment is that he can say whatever he wants.
But just stop and think about how silly that is.
Sure. Most of the people listen to the show.
I don't know what percentage, maybe 70% 80% are progressive liberal moderate.
They're not a bunch of Bible thumping right wing lunatics.
Hey, we have plenty of those.
Anybody that's been to any one of our appearances can plainly see that our audience is very broad.
Broads.
Yeah, you could see that by those pictures we had on the website.
We got a real variety.
A wide variety.
Here's the facts from Rick who says I've seen and heard so many times over the last few days where the embeds are yelling loudly.
Gas gas gas.
Does this also apply when Josh Friedman walks into the room or crossing on the answer is?
Yes.
Yeah, everybody puts on a gas mask.
In fact, QAM is the only radio station in the world that has gas mask hanging on a wall.
In just in case Josh Friedman might saunter in, might waddle in.
He's a gas.
Okay, so we got Fred Thompson on there and we're willing to put any more on there.
I don't care who it is.
Which outspoken entertainer do you respect most for their viewpoints?
We could put Brad Pitt on there.
He's all in favor of, well, he's not so much in favor of the war, but he says now that it's started.
We got to get behind it.
I mean, anybody, you know, this is Brad Watson, a box pit.
I'm not saying let's put him on there yet, but maybe somebody else suggests that, huh?
Who the hell knows?
We don't care.
Anyway.
Paul Krugman writes, speaking to Chief Channel Broadcasting, and they should only croak a wicked death over there, by the way, for many reasons.
In New York Times today, he says, by and large, recent pro war rallies haven't drawn nearly as many people as anti-war rallies.
But they have certainly been vehement.
One of the most striking for place after Natalie Main's lead singer for the Vixie chick, criticized President Bush, a crowd gathered in Louisiana to watch a 33,000 pound tractor.
Smash a collection of Vixie chick CDs, tapes and other paraphernalia.
To those familiar with 20th century European history, it seemed eerily reminiscent of, but a simpler Lewis said, it can't happen here.
He just has three dots there, we don't want to say it.
Who's been organizing these pro war rallies?
The answer it turns out is that they're being promoted by key players in the radio industry with close links to the Bush administration.
Oi!
The CD-Smashing rally was organized by KRMD, part of humulus media, a radio chain that has banned the Vixie chick from its playlists.
Most of the pro war demonstrations around the country have, however, been organized by stations owned by clear channel communications, a BMF based in San Antonio, that controls more than 1200 stations and increases in the city.
It's increasingly dominates the airwaves.
The company claims that the demonstrations which go under the name Rally for America reflect the initiative of the individual stations, but this is unlikely, according to Eric Boler, who has written revelatory articles about clear channel in Salon, the company is notorious and widely hated for its iron fisted centralized control.
Until now, complaints about clear channel are focused on its business practices, critics say it uses power to squeeze recording companies and artists and contributes to the growing blandness of broadcast music.
But now the company appears to be using its talk to help one side in a political dispute that deeply divides the nation.
Why would a media company insert itself into politics this way?
It could of course simply be a matter of personal conviction and part of management, but there are also good reasons for a clear channel which became a giant Odin last two years after the Telecommunications Act of 1996 removed many restrictions on media ownership to create favor with the ruling party.
On one side, clear channel is feeling some heat. It's being sued over allegations that it threatens to curtail the airplane artists who don't true with its concert division.
And there are even some politicians who want to roll back the deregulation that made the company's growth possible.
On the other side, the FCC is considering further deregulation that would allow clear channel to expand even further, particularly into television.
Or perhaps the quid pro quo is more narrowly focused.
Experienced bushologists let out a collective aha when third channel was revealed to be behind the pro world rallies because the company's top management has a history which George W. Bush, what a shock.
The vice chairman of third channel is Tom Hicks whose name may be familiar to readers of this column.
When Mr. Bush was governor of Texas, Mr. Hicks was chairman of the University of Texas Investment Management Company called Utinco and clear channel's chairman Lowry Mays was on its board.
Under Mr. Hicks, Utinco placed much of the universities in dominant of the management of companies with strong Republican Party or Bush family ties.
In 1998, Mr. Hicks purchased the Texas Rangers Nadeel that made Mr. Bush a multi-millionaire.
There's something happening here, like the song says, but it isn't exactly clear, but a good guess is now that we're seeing this next stage in the evolution of the New American oligarchy.
As Jonathan Chate has written in the New Republic, in the Bush administration government and business have melded into one big us.
On almost every aspect of domestic policy, business interests rule, scores of mid-level appointees now overseeing the streets for which they once worked.
We should have realized that this is a two-way street. If politicians are busy doing favors for businesses that support them, why shouldn't we expect businesses to reciprocate by doing favors for those politicians by, for example, organizing grassroots rallies in their behalf?
What makes all of this possible, of course, is the absence of effective watchdogs. In the Clinton years, the nearest hit of impropriety quickly blew up into a huge scandal.
These days, the scandal mongers are more likely to go after the journalists who raise the questions. Anyway, don't you know there's a war on?
Paul Krugman, today's New York Times.
Clear channel blows, baby. Clear channel. Not only have they taken away your choices as far as music and talking and entertainment, everything else is concerned, but now, of course, they're goose-stepping with a bush, mysters, with Tom Hicks and Lowry Mays, etc.
And lovely, of course, keep in mind whose chairman of the FCC, Colin Powell, son, Michael Powell. Let's hear it for the Powell's, baby.
10.28 at 5.60 WQ, just calm down. We're to play OK.
Are you home on your stuff? There's anything worse than venturing out to your backyard for a nice swim, especially when it's 100 degrees in the shade like lately it has been a lot.
Looking at it once, beautiful pool years and saying, holy crap, what happened in here? It's stained. It's dirty. Maybe it's even cracking in a pool too.
Well, don't look at that mess one moment longer. Just say no, no ugly pool and call our good pizons at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't just a couple of pool guys who want a cleaning service out of the back of their beat up old pickup truck. These are real professional construction company folks who use full-time employees, not subcontractors, not some illegal laborians who just rolled off a banana boat.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business. Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on right for 12 years now.
They're licensed. They're insured professionals. They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond writing right and you'll get the same price by the way they give to the contractors.
You can't beat that. They were in North Miami, Browder, Palm Beach, so call them Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest in dollars of diamond, right in South Florida. They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate.
They also perform pool and deck renovations custom lighting, pool healing exotic water features to for the very best call Atlantic Marseille tool free 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883. Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
My name is Mike and look all this is 4-205-60. You ain't too way.
This war on terror in Afghanistan last week coalition forces launched Operation Valiant Strike against terrorists and their allies
in the southern mountains of Afghanistan. Of course we have troops standing watch in other parts of the world to protect and maintain the peace.
All the members of the military abroad at home are here in this important building or bound together by a great cause to defend the American people and advance the universal hope of freedom.
America has accepted this responsibility. We also accept the cost of supporting our military and the missions we give it.
Today I'm sending the Congress a wartime supplemental appropriations request of $74.7 billion to fund needs directly arising from the Iraqi conflict.
And our global war against terror.
I request the Congress will pay for the massive task of transporting a fully equipped military force, both active duty and reserve to a region halfway around the world.
This money will cover the current cost of fueling our ships and aircraft and tanks and of airlifting tons of supplies into the theater of operations.
The supplemental will also allow us to replace the high-tech munitions we are now directing against Saddam Hussein's regime.
My request includes funds for relief and reconstruction in a free Iraq. This nation and our coalition partners are committed to making sure that the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I'm dying on the hands of the Iraqi citizens who have suffered under a brutal tyrant have got the food and medicine needed as soon as possible.
I couldn't get laid in the red light district in Amsterdam for 100 guilders for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for
50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros for 50 euros
I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay
I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay, I think they were okay
Oh, oh, oh, okay
Yeah, I said, ma-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-
You're a real panic. Are we putting Ted-Joon on there? You told us. Yeah, we're putting them on. Of course, we're putting them on. I told you. He's an outspoken ass. I mean, the guy? Hey, you guys, if you spent the entire year last year avoiding the mirror because of that big glowing bald spot that makes a big reflection in the mirror and it's really embarrassing to you, well, guess what other people are seeing? They're laughing their ass off. If you want to get rid of your bald spot and look really great and younger than you ever thought you could again. Here's the answer.
One name, Chuck Alphiri. For over 25 years, Charlie's been helping all kinds of guys, big guys, little guys, rich guys, and between guys, slippers because his system is affordable and because no matter how much cash you've got, it's the best looking hair system in the universe. If you want a mousey-looking piece, if you want to look like a jackass, like some silly old cute, go right ahead. Put a dead musk red on your head like some people we know. But if you want to look great, here's the answer to the natural hairline system from Chuck Alphiri. And you have nothing loose because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting laid at least two, three, four times a day, Charlie give you a full refund. No questions asked. So here's the deal. Just make that one full free call. Mission and e-erage is toward you to make the call. You're getting extra 200 bucks off the regular price. And Charlie is set up an appointment for you. Give you a free consultation and he'll actually show you how much better and younger he can make you look. 1-800-3-124-13. That's an under call. 1-800-3-124-13 or log on to Charles Alphiri.com.
5-800-3-124-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-124-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-124-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-124-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-124-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-13. That's a good deal.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
5-800-3-13. That's what they get on their little 21-in-screen.
I know. I just tried to think back how did we get this way.
That's all. I'm trying to pinpoint how did we get this way. How do we get this way?
Because that's the way the government wants the public. Why do you think nobody
where they give lip service but nobody cares about education? They want to destroy the public education system.
They want to keep people as stupid and as busy as they possibly can.
And that's what happened. They want to keep everybody entertained to the point where they can ask questions.
Have a great day. Thank you.
Okay. I'm ready to kill myself.
5-670-560.
Pound 560 on the 18th team of Horizon Line.
Which I've spoken entertainer to you respect most for their viewpoints.
We asked on theoranges.com today. None of them. They should all shut up.
121. How do you like that? They should all shut up. They have no right to have an opinion.
Michael Moore, 116.
126.
126.
126.
126.
126.
126.
How many kinds of pursuing residencies have s derivate the numbers on top?
The scrumns of TSA red wolf,looker D chilli, I don't understand.
This could be interested in guns or for everybody.
Jurchi low helmet.
in a serious vein.
Here's the call from Keebus Game.
Hello.
Hello, Keebus Game here.
Yes sir.
Good morning Neil.
And good morning Neil.
Ah, after about a month of listening to the press,
a question George Bush and Donald Rumsfeld about the cost of the war,
and they didn't have a clue.
And Rumsfeld didn't stop that.
Well, you know, you really can't tell us.
No way we could put a price tag on this.
And now George Bush says,
I need $74 billion, $699 million, $99 cents.
And that's the price tag for now.
Right.
Now, I got to tell you something.
How can you believe if this man told me that tomorrow is Wednesday,
I would check the calendar.
I agree with you.
I said that yesterday.
I don't believe anything that anybody in our government says no matter which party they're from.
It's when you get the in-run situation with Kenny Boylay and Global Crossing.
And on all of these, the public has been ripped off and raped in the last decade or so.
And what's the use?
I mean, they ever had a person.
I mean, they just throw their arms up in here and what else can they do about it?
Yeah, do you know about Brown and Ruth?
Brown and Ruth?
Yeah, that's the company that's a subsidiary of Haliburton.
They've already got a big contract.
No, yeah, we had that surround yesterday, yes.
Yeah, so I mean, well, whatever, as Peter Boyle would say, holy crap.
Exactly.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, I'll see you under the bed.
Bye-bye.
10.52 at 5.60 WQM.
You're a little person, huh?
You're going to embed.
We're going to be embedded, baby.
I noticed on the BBC and the CBC, which are really great.
I don't see all these embedded reporters.
Looks like that fax that we got about the one that was blown up.
Right, the guy that got killed.
They're not in that, they're just running around reporting like before.
He was out here in the open and more dangerous position and about a bang.
He was in the him.
Very, very sad.
And then watching David Bloom and Bob Arnut and all these other guys.
Well, we're embedded with the 101st Airborne and blah, blah, blah.
That's really great, you know?
So sad.
No objectivity, no nothing.
And Bob Arnut for crying out loud.
I mean, why don't you just put the uniform on and go for it?
Yeah.
But as well.
That's why I don't, I will not watch CNN.
And as a matter of fact, I got to say this to you seriously.
Aside from the ridiculous red hair piece.
Aaron Brown.
I mean, what asshole at CNN decided to put this guy in here?
Where did he come from?
Where did they find him?
I mean, when you think they used to have guys like Bernie Shaw in that.
And I work in Howard God Aaron Brown is the main anchor in the evening.
My God, this guy is whining and wimpy and, yeah, we don't have any need for a Fisticuffs or punches.
And they'll call for that.
Yeah.
There's a war going on.
People are being butchered.
They're dragging dead bodies of American soldiers in front of the cameras.
Little babies are getting mutilated.
And this guy's worried because a couple of Fisticuffs got exchanged in some protest in San Francisco in the streets.
And just a whiner.
And like I said yesterday, CNN, if you want to really find out anything that's going on,
at least watch MSNBC or you're right-wingers watch Fox because you'll find out about an hour to a head of CNN.
They were La La land.
You know, they can't Pennsylvania incident that Akbar guy that shot his own, you know, attacked his own soldiers.
CNN found out they've breathlessly came onto what else to us at 3 30 or 4 30 on Sunday.
Three hours after we heard about an MSNBC, what his name was.
And then MSNBC about a half hour after that, they went to Ashley Banfield with the silly glasses.
And she breathlessly announced we've discovered that his real name was Michael Kools.
You know, Michael, and she must have repeated that six times because he didn't have any story.
He lived somewhere in California and his real name was Michael Kools.
And when he became Muslim, he changed his name to Akbar Schmendrick, whatever it was.
And then that's it.
And she kept repeating it over and over about six times.
Thank you, Ashley, for that SIDLATING report.
I mean, come on.
And she's in this one of wonders.
I mean, I understand what she's coming from.
But she wonders why the public is so stupid and uninformed.
They're feeding them paddling.
They're feeding them crap.
You get 10%, maybe 20% news on American news.
And I'm including the commercial networks too.
And the rest is all propaganda.
Full crap.
I'll say it again.
The election in 2000 could never have been fixed, could never have been put over like that,
without the help of the media, especially if Fox.
But everybody else jumping on the bad wagon because they were terrified not to be up with Fox.
And all of a sudden, the other crap that's going down, how come I'm sitting on the air on this bogus radio station begging for calls in Miami, Florida,
reading these articles by Paul Krugman and all the stuff about Cheney and Haliburna and all this crap, all of these things.
And the national media sitting under goose stepping with their embedded reporters.
And one minute they're telling you about, well, Bosra's been taken and this one's been in the Alcatara's been taken.
And then all of a sudden, you turn on the BBC or CBC, well, this couldn't be further from the truth.
Because there's still a heavy resistance in those areas in the Adiada, Adiada.
If Bosra had been taken days ago, how come they're having trouble getting the water and food supplies in there?
Oh, I get the electricity back on.
Oh, and all of a sudden today, well, there are pockets of resistance.
I don't believe anything that they tell me.
I'd rather sit if I only had one channel on there during the entire war, would only be the CBC,
because at least they're objective. They're not involved. They don't have any asked to grind one way or the other.
Oh, they're communists.
They've done skating, skating condemnations of the American networks in the way that they portrayed all of this,
in the way that they've twisted and propagandized.
And I respect that. I respect the ball. They got balls.
1057 at 560 WDQM, if you want to have a gigantic feast, maybe the last supper, huh?
How about the animal coast Chinese buffet? They've got three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, north by me, and each.
And the newest location is in prestigious Pember Pines.
Start your mouth-watering eating experience with six different kind of soups any year, all of them.
And they've got dozens and dozens of succulent on-trees to choose from.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends, New York strip made a order at the gourmet center,
a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steaks, shrimp, chicken seafood, and car prime rib.
The animal coast promotes healthy eating, too, because they don't use any crap.
No MSG, no cornstarch, and they cook all of their fine cuisine only with cholesterol-free oils.
The buffet features a full salad bar, the animal coast. They got a new sushi bar fresh from cocktail, too.
And don't forget, animal coast famous lobster festives back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
One requirement being a big, public, and a big healthy appetite, because you got to leave room for that dessert bar,
featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream, and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit,
the perfect knitting to a big pig out.
Don't forget to find them in sunrise, animal coast at Pine Island of 44th Street,
on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, North by me, beach.
And if the intersection is flamingo and peppered roads in prestigious Pember Oak Pines,
animal coast accept reservations, take out and deliver you available as well,
call 954-5723822.
That's 954-5723822 for the amazing animal coast Chinese buffet.
We're supporting you, 560-UAM.
It's day, if I have a town, at 560-WQ-A-S.
The Eastern World
It is exploding, violence flaring, bullets loading.
We're old enough to kill, but not for voting.
You don't believe in war, for was that gun you're talking,
and even the Jordan River has bodies floating but you tell me you're in over and over again, my friend.
I ya don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
Don't you understand what I'm trying to say?
Can't you feel the fears I'm feeling today?
If the button is pushed, there's no running away.
There'll be no one to save, will the world in a grave?
Take a look around your boy, it's bound to scare your boy and you tell me.
You're in over and over again, my friend.
I ya don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
I'm dying out of here.
Yeah, my blood's so mad, feels like coagulating.
I'm sipping here, just contemplating.
I can't with the truth, it knows no regulation.
And full of senators don't pass legislation, then marches alone.
Can't bring integration when human respect is disintegrating.
This whole crazy world is just too frustrating, man ya.
Tell me over and over and over again, my friend.
I ya don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
Think of all the hate, there is in red China, then take a look around.
Just tell me Alabama, are you may leave here for four days in space?
But when you return, it's the same old place.
The pounding of the drums, the bratin' disgrace.
You can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace.
Hate your next daughter, neighbor, but don't forget to take grace and tell me.
Over and over and over and over again, my friend.
You don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
No, no, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
Let's move with you, my dear.
1104-560, over to QM, the military are telling me back dead residents to stay home.
Don't get in a way.
Stay inside, play my song, and this didn't hell out of the way.
You can know what's good for you.
Because we're coming to liberate you baby. Run our way.
What are you laughing about?
Run our way to liberate the courageous Iraqi people, aren't we?
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale, ho.
Yeah, I'll call you today.
Okay, sir.
Three things here.
First of all, if you ever feel comfortable being an Iraqi in a tent, the fellow army, American Army guy, by the name of Akbar,
first of all, I think it's a little nervous about that.
Could be.
I'm sure that's the first thing that came to a lot of people's minds right or wrong, but that's what they were thinking.
Right.
We're drilling a flamingo.
There's like ten of them out there.
There's a little things in the hand.
Okay.
I just turned in your shows.
Please excuse my ignorance.
It's not over there, but with Sean Ken.
Will he really over there, partying and carrying on with the dump scene?
Well, what do you mean partying?
I wouldn't say he was over there, partying.
I don't know about it.
Would you say it was partying, George?
Is that what he was doing?
I didn't look like they were partying.
Of course, all these peace moms went over there and met with the Iraqis before the war.
He was one of those people that went over there.
Right.
He was there and he did meet with the leaders in the salon, but I don't know if they were partying,
whatever he means by that.
Maybe they smoked a hoop out together.
Yeah, maybe they smoked a big fat one together, I don't know.
Okay.
Well, again, that's just what it does.
Just checking with you.
And I did not want to be whatever the award show was last night.
I saw bits and pieces.
I was the big kind of fat guy who was on there talking.
What was his speech about?
I heard bits and pieces saying, how he was given his big speech about it?
The big fat guy, I mean Michael Moore on Sunday night on the Oscars.
Yeah, and they said he booed.
He was booed or something else.
Yeah.
Well, go watch the replays.
Okay.
Jesus, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The big fat guy that was on there.
What was he saying?
And it was last night?
And what was that show?
And I didn't watch it.
He didn't watch it.
And what bother me about it?
Okay.
Michael Moore's got 135 votes on a pool by the way.
So somebody out there, number one, must know who he is.
And number two, must like what he says.
What's your narrow audience?
They know who he is.
Oh.
Plumental appropriations request.
$74.7 billion.
You know, he could barely get it out.
He's like stumbling out the number.
He could just barely burden.
He stumbles on his name.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Forgot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
He wasn't even that big fat guy.
That was Jackie Leonard.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
That liberal war talk on a failure.
Yeah.
That liberal war talk on a barrier.
But thanks for listening.
Religiously to the world famous neo-rodger show on 5, 60, WDQA.
And it's got a barrier, sir.
Another asshole.
How many years have I been saying that?
If you don't like what we're talking about, if you think we suck, if you think you don't like our opinion,
well, whatever, whatever, a million different reasons.
You know, 95% of the audience are 90% of South Florida.
Don't listen to this show.
That's fine.
But calling me to give me instructions.
Wow.
This liberal war talk is going to have barrier.
You know something?
Who gives a crap?
I don't care.
I don't care if we get a one share.
I got nothing else to prove in a goddamn South Florida market after 27 years.
If we had a 30-year, nobody would write anything about it.
So what difference does it make?
The sponsor's all know that everybody listens to this show.
Even the assholes like this guy who don't want to admit it.
But if you think that I'm going to be, you know, crawling into a shell again,
you know, they tried that months ago.
Remember that routine?
Oh, well, we like your show so much.
But when you start with that politics, neo, we tend to turn it off.
Well, you know what?
Turn it off.
Turn it off.
If you're one of those goddamn chicken hocks out there, like Bush and Rumsfeld and Pearl and all these assholes,
go ahead.
Turn it off.
Have a wonderful life.
Crank up your radio to Dr. Laura who can call everybody a comment who doesn't goose that, okay?
And then you're ready for three hours of rush.
Well, no, no, no, no, no.
We all have his bullcrap.
Bullcrap for morons.
Yahoo's.
Even the dobermans in the pickup trucks recover their ears when he comes on.
That's true.
Dobermans around.
It's pit bulls now.
Oh, I see.
Well, he's the pits.
Here's Mimey Springs.
Hello.
I'm still after from Alaska.
Who was the fat guy at what show in the eye?
Oh, my God.
What do you think?
This guy didn't know what planet he's on.
He doesn't know what universe he's in.
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
I was so, I had to call you man.
I was so funny.
He was great.
The other thing was earlier you had that stupid bitch on that said if you don't buy the Dixie chick CDs,
that's going to protest the war.
That just puts money into Dixie chick's pocket.
That does nothing to protest the war.
Do you know what I'm saying?
She said that we ought to get the one who talked about going out and buying Dixie chick CDs.
Yeah, she says, yeah, we're just going to go buy the CDs, so that'll help protest the war.
That's a bunch of crap.
I mean, there's a thousand other ways to protest the war.
I don't know if any of them are going to want to deny.
Well, when she started that business about buying a dozen Dixie chick CDs,
better heard than me.
That's all I can tell you.
Well, yeah, absolutely.
I don't know.
And plus, she says she's never heard of them in their whole life, so she goes and buys them anyway.
Well, there you go.
She's pissed off and fired up.
How can I tell you?
Yeah, crazy.
Anyway, good talking to me.
Maybe she'll sell them at the flea market cheap.
Okay, good luck to you pal.
Oh my God.
Well, people are frustrated like she admitted that.
She didn't know what the hell to do.
So she's out there buying Dixie chick CDs.
Dixie chick's got 13 votes, Natalie mains.
Michael Moore's got 140.
Which outspoken entertainer do you respect most for his view or her viewpoint?
Michael Moore 140 none.
They should all shut up 139.
32% of this audience say none.
Everybody should dummy up.
Chuck Heston speaking in that 26.
For see, forgot what he was going to say.
Martin Sheen 23 Bill Maher 22.
Natalie mains Dixie chick's 13.
The terminally ponderous desperately attempting to be humorous Dennis Miller's got a dozen.
Susan surrounding 10 Paul Newman nine Fred Thompson six Rosie O'Donnell's got five five big ones.
You know, something ever.
He's got balls bigger than the elephant, you know.
Sean Penn's got five Barbara Streisand Charlie Daniels Matt Damon, each have four.
I wonder if Matt's got a pair.
He got something in there and at the bathing suit.
Robert Redford Roy Shider Mike Fairleach have three.
Jeanine Carapelo's got a pair and Ted Nugens got one.
Oh.
I can't imagine who that is.
Can you?
Ted Nugens.
In fact, I think that the United States Congress is going to take up a resolution to honor a Ted Nugens.
We're going to have a Ted Nugens holiday.
Don't you think?
Sure.
Why not?
Kind of that guy would have got any longer.
I mean, we're like gold medals and purple jelly beans for Ted Nugens.
And we got the resolutions in the Congress and legislature.
Well, to wear my clothes on the stage.
Oh, just give me the freaking name you jackass.
God.
12 minutes past 11 at 560 WDQM.
I've been to on you for a long time.
That a lot of folks are losing weight with balance for life.
And they are including our beast, our desperate beast.
Here's a guy's like, what is he by 26?
About 30 men.
Yeah, getting close started out at 284 pounds.
He was close to death in my opinion.
In my humble opinion, close to death.
His head was bigger than some apartment buildings.
And he's going on balance for life.
I lost damn near 60 pounds.
And he was off there for a while and gained a little bit back.
And screwed around.
He said, you know, I better get back on it.
And he did.
And he's lost damn near 60 pounds.
And you can do the same with you have like 10 or 20 pounds to lose.
Or 50 or 60 or 80 or 100 or like 6,000 like the beast.
It's easy to do balance for life because you have nothing to figure out.
No books to read, no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning.
No worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting.
All you do is eat the food in your black sack.
Just stick with your black sack and you'll be in great shape.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are in your black sack.
How will you cue and go the f*** yourself?
Mickey Mouse, oven.
Mr. Mouse?
It's Michael Eisner.
Michael Eisner?
Who does it?
Why did you go and answer my phone?
Sorry, boss.
It's Daniel Eisner.
I'm an asshole.
What do you want?
It's Michael Eisner, sir.
It's not Stony Osmond.
It's Michael Eisner, the past president.
Oh boy, Eisner.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal.
Sir?
I was looking at the rain for this nightmare you had it's going through.
I'm a polyverine.
Get me out of here.
What a smashing successor.
One thing was in the toilet.
It was unbelievable.
If you break down the demigratti.
You know what, Eisner?
Say that I'm just happy.
It's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely missed,
toppling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done.
Hang on.
We must, I'm on the phone with, we must, what the hell are you doing?
Run some conduit, ma.
Go and quietly, Remus.
That's not quiet enough, Remus.
A blue bird stinks like an arm pit.
Sir, our base sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here too.
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights.
40 nights of I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here.
You're killing me.
And the celebrities, 10 times better.
Oh my god.
We've got, hold on.
Remus.
Remus.
Yeah, boss.
Take the harmonica, light it up your back and walk it out.
All right.
All right.
We've got Bernie Capel.
Who?
Bernie Capel, the doctor from the loveboat.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did
the stop snoring spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my god, she's terrible.
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Wait a minute.
Is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake.
You can't put him on the air.
And just hold on.
Yeah.
Remus.
Remus.
I can't hear you, boss.
Remus, I'm on the phone.
Can't hear you, boss.
Stop drilling.
What are you making?
Making a new credenza, boss.
What's wrong with my old credenza?
It's your lucky-em-shop.
My shallack-em-shop.
It's my lucky-em-shop.
Oh, new credenza.
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we've got a major elixir, sir.
We've got Scott Bacchula and Leonard Neymoy.
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neymoy.
You're a new boss.
Remus, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, boss.
He was following those things.
Oh my god.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Remus.
I thought I told you to put that harmonica up your butt.
Sorry, I'm on it, boss.
Oh, don't fart in the office, Remus.
What the proveers coming at me?
They did.
They did.
I think we got it out for those people
who don't want to hear any more war talks.
Sri Rathomari's Knights.
Hewitt was tensed by its way.
As the round the first turn up to take over,
Mohican Brave.
Hewitt, harness racing from Mohawk.
Mohawk, which tries to tens the leaders from in there, sir.
How do you like that?
Or we could hear a little bit of Leafs TV.
Things to say about him as an individual.
How do you like that?
There are a lot of choices on here.
Now that's the good news.
As opposed to hearing that dry, you know, like the BBC stuff.
Nobody wants to hear that war talk by a rocket unit.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
See the difference?
I'd rather hear racing from Mohawk.
Here's the fact from chronic Todd and Hollywood who says,
Aaron Brown is a second stringer from ABC News.
Why CNN thought he belonged on the year all day?
I don't know.
I'd rather watch Ted Turner humping a buffalo, he says.
CNN is the Detroit Lions of News.
He says, I totally stupid white men was great.
Love you show.
Todd and Hollywood, thank you, Todd.
Also, Wall-B and Deerfield says,
speaking of not watching a non-stop war coverage.
And I don't, by the way, I don't see here glued.
I check back.
You know, like we used to see on S.U.N.
Check back with us later.
There might be something interesting, something you like.
That's not like anybody that's right to follow it.
Anybody that's sitting around transphix to this, like,
round or clock, needs mental help.
You know what I mean?
What is the point?
Especially today, you got those gigantic sandstorms.
And what's going to happen today?
Nothing.
It's a fight, but they hope it won't be necessary.
See, there you go.
Wall-B and Deerfield says,
I understand a curiosity.
Most people can't understand the fixation of war watching
is being presented by the media cartel.
I must be one of the few who refused to take part in the latest entertainment.
Package being presented to us by the propagandaists.
What's the obsession for most Americans that they're compelled to watch and listen to?
Shock and awe.
This invasion is not exactly suspenseful.
One doesn't need to fast forward to the end of the spoility's surprise ending.
I don't only hope that many Americans just turn it off.
I don't need to be a media consultant to understand that the viewing numbers
will be used to bolster the rationalization of this illegally moral slaughter.
It's not a PlayStation module.
Turn it off, you at Tom Atons.
Go to a protest at the only voice you have.
This is our friend, Wall-B and Deerfield.
Thank you, Wall-B.
Turn it off, Dan Tungoff.
You simply turn it off.
Thank you.
See how fast that was?
I say let's go back to a racing from Omaha.
Volperision, now on.
Voting for five players.
Voting for five players.
Rock-a-five music, now on.
Round mountain near Downs will be good, huh?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
We could just play the audio from a driving movie channel.
Alright.
Plan nine from outer space with Velt LaGosie.
Report to me when this is gonna accomplish.
So you need to see that wood now that you got a DVD player.
I can't find it, I try to find, oh no, I'll find it.
I'll make a list.
Heroes, the Earth people are getting closer to that, which we fear.
Then you can really appreciate it.
They will not listen or respect our existence.
They cannot help but believe our powers when they see their own dead walking round again.
By the way, you know the Gene Autry movies they show on movieola here, the short movies.
Or maybe it's on this one.
I never, of course, that's way way before your time.
But I always thought Gene Autry was just a cowboy.
Right?
Well, she was a cowboy, but the movies that he was in,
at least the whole bunch of more like science fiction movies,
like all these rocket chips and bizarre crant.
Well, of course you're not getting to see.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
When is he?
Yes sir.
Yes.
Hey, you know, that lady, I mean, her point was kind of skewed,
but I mean, I understand her frustration.
No, she didn't deal with it to be argued by that guy.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Right.
We elected a different president, but this guy's in there.
It's almost like we're becoming a third world country.
You went out and bought a Cadillac and you wound up, but they delivered you a Volkswagen.
I don't know.
It's crazy.
I mean, I don't know what to think.
I mean, it's frustrating.
I'm with that lady.
That's all I could say.
Let's go buy some Vixie chick CDs.
Come on.
Bye.
Okay.
You first.
I mean, I understand she's frustrated.
She needs to be deserved to call all kinds of names by that guy, but you know, it's amusing.
Hopefully she won't take it personal.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
War is going on, but we're watching Plan 9 from outer space on Drive in TV channel.
Please brought me home.
Similar.
I hope I never see such a sign again.
You hear what she said?
After your description, I don't think I'd want to say it.
But if you'd listen more and dummy up a little bit, you might learn something.
After you were forced to the ground, but that blast of wind was at a hot or cold blast.
There you go.
I think I got one each year.
56670, what am I giving these numbers for?
That's the what's the point.
Now, we hit this on yesterday.
Sonona, California.
Is that what this allegedly is?
Hello?
Hello?
Rogers?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You know, one thing about Carlos is, I saw this yesterday.
I thought to myself, now there couldn't be a real call.
And he puts it on here again.
Why don't you get with it, Carlos?
Get with the program.
Give it a word for it.
Huh?
Why would they not believe?
Don't believe in these people anymore than you believe your president for Christ's sakes.
What's wrong with you, man?
Oh, I get it now.
Sedona, California, right.
Arizona.
Arizona.
I don't think Sedona's in Arizona.
Is it?
I.
Where is Sedona?
And who the hell gives it, Crab, because it was a crank anyway.
It was an asshole.
If we want to hear Mickey Mouse, we'll hear the real thing on the show, Caser.
Thank you very much.
We got the own ice nerve.
The original.
We don't need any poor imitators.
That's one thing this show has been reading over the years.
Of course, it's the little imitators.
The ones that try to imitate the Mickey Mouse thing.
They try to imitate Reverend Jones.
Anything that's cute and clever, they've got to do their own thing, you know.
Very sad.
I mean, once in a great while, it might be something cute, you know?
I'm trying to think of what.
Well, I give you one, even though it's not somebody that we're particularly crazy about,
everyone, to hear from again, but like,
Shannon, I thought, you know,
I think you, but that's not an invitation of a bid or anything.
That was, that's an original, an original line.
But I'm just saying, you know, like cute little drop,
and you're like cute little dropings if they're original.
But we don't often get them.
26 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
If you want to buy you a great new mattress, there's only one smart way to do it.
Pick up the phone, baby.
That's the way to do it.
Grab that thing, squeeze it.
Yank it.
Over a million smart people, including me, bought a mattress over the phone from
Dalai mattress and hundreds more.
I do it every week because they're trying to get ripped off in those betting and department stores.
They're trying to running all around town, comparison shopping,
and they're trying to paint for somebody else's big overhead.
When you make the one easy call to Dalai mattress, just figures.
They have no big overhead.
So you save a ton of money and you get the best delivery system in the world.
They deliver when you want any two hour period any day of the week.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
They got the best mattresses too.
They got C. Lee's service in King Quill every size and style.
It's on beatable prices.
And Dalai mattresses rank number one in the world in customer satisfaction because they know how to treat you right.
They got more referral and repeat customers than anybody else because the way they treat you.
Once you buy a mattress from Dalai mattress, you'll never go back to those showrooms again.
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress from Dalai mattress, they'll set up the new one and take away the crappy old smelly crappy betting for free.
I said it twice, crappy because it usually is.
Let me say it again.
Dalai mattress takes away the old betting and sets up the brand new one for free.
So ensure yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
Where's my mattress fat boy? How many days am I going to be saying that?
But third man.
Oh, he is so full of it.
And by the way, is Pete Lenny still there?
I don't think so.
We can only hope not.
Actually, he called to say he loves you.
What does that mean?
To say goodbye that he loves you.
He already called here to say goodbye.
Don't ever call here again.
Loose my number.
You jackass.
You lunatic and throw away some of those drugs too while you're at it.
Call 1-800-MATTRES that's 1-800-MATRES for DonaMite.
Who's the smart way to buy you a great new bed?
Ride and local.
We're sports radio five-sixies.
You and you and you and me.
First grandma, I'm so fed up.
All right.
I'm like cold-pot food, who's pale?
I'm bigger than David Welts.
His cheeks slid off his shells.
That's my home.
This crazy nut has gone too far.
He drives off Batman Bomba car.
He has sex with a Cuban cigar.
That's Michael Jackson.
In every Lexington.
With some poor kid,
he's pulled up next to his freak.
He spent 150 G's to bring dream works down to his knees.
Should've fallen nose, so he could sneeze.
Or wait for the news.
He's the show to take.
Pulling on balance and signal.
And I face God a little winky.
Get her.
I'm a 32-560 WQA.
I'm so anyway.
I just the fact you're the thing for being a boy to put on there.
Because somebody I wanted the Iraqi website.
I.
Of the gentleman, the individual who lives in Iraq and Baghdad.
That we read the stuff from before.
And there it is.
The other short.
You can make a link to that right on our website.
Enjoy it before the lawn hits him.
I'm big and important.
Yeah, that's right.
You better get it on there right away before La Una Bomba Ronde hits the house where he'd be staying.
After three-eight to the mile.
Get out of there, Frank.
Come on.
Come on. Let's have racing for Mohawk.
The carless head of her fifth.
560-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm enjoying watching this a hell of a lot more than the worst.
Yeah.
Than the bomb is bursting in air.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
I know how you feel about George Bush.
But I never really.
George really never expressed how he felt about George Bush.
Literally.
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
And what time was your show on?
No, no.
Because you know, George always makes like follow.
He always follows your comments.
He never really.
No, he does not.
And okay.
Well, you I hear him laughing over there.
I'm serious.
I'm not joking.
I spent a week on it practically nothing but.
Okay.
Well, okay.
But also, I'm also calling.
I never hear you talk about Mo anymore.
What's the status between you two guys?
What is your, what is your, what is your, what is your, what is your, what is the status?
Well, Mr. Monet did hit the wall after refusing rating for the first.
Go ahead.
What is it?
It's still like hostile.
Is he still a prick?
He still still.
Yes.
Yes.
All of the above.
Yes.
Okay.
Because I've never heard you.
When you get, when you get to be 73, it's a little bit too old to change it.
I'm saying.
How about if we all tip in a given brain transplant and like wipe out.
How about I hear transfer because I've free visited to check Alphi area be good.
Let's see.
Now, what is this, this letter of resignation?
What is this?
Ah, whatever.
It's a fax.
Didn't make the news.
Yani, yani, yani.
Well, what is this?
So this is the first page of more than one?
Yeah.
Three told me.
From the Foreign Service.
No, look at it.
Maybe it's worth reading.
Maybe it isn't.
Huh?
Maybe it's worth reading.
Maybe it isn't.
Maybe it's worth posting.
I don't know.
It did make the news.
How much of my fax paper are you wasting with this crap?
Jesus, this last guy was right.
George is an idiot.
Boss, the end man.
Here they come.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 5, 60.
The only AT&T in Verizon.
Welcome to the racing network.
Racing from Omaha.
A kilo of pangera, drives out next.
You're going to see the road.
Right to the front, baby.
5, 6, he'll finish second because I saw it last night.
Here's a lady in pop it all.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Thank you.
I'm a Canadian.
And my husband.
How's it going, eh?
No, I will not say the A part.
Sorry.
My husband and I vacationed down here just about every year.
And we listened to you and enjoyed your show very much.
And I was talking to my daughter in Canada last night.
And she was saying that, you know, we live in Windsor.
So of course, we're on the border.
We get a lot of American stations.
So we hear a lot about the war and that.
But we also have CBC.
So we get the other end of it.
But my daughter was saying, I thought this is very, very smart.
She said we should be updated, but not inundated, you know, with the war.
And it should be, yeah, definitely reported.
But I mean, this, uh,
whole-to-war coverage is just too much.
And I agree with you with this embedded stuff.
Come think to say with whatever, you know, who have they with?
Oh, yeah. Well, it's another one of those catch those buzz phrases.
Of course, they think it sounds really catchy, you know, where.
So it's so, uh, Kerry Sanders is embedded with 101st Airborne.
Like we're impressed by that, you know?
Oh, it sounds so silly.
Right. The good news is, though.
See, there's the prices right there.
Yeah.
But the networks, at least, have gone back to regular programming this week.
So if people want the wall-to-wall coverage, they can watch the talking head networks
or CBC, like CKLW got there, Windsor, or whatever you want.
But if you want to watch the regular programming, it's still there.
Yeah. Um, and nothing.
I didn't see this, but my daughter was saying that, um,
I don't know, though, it was David Bloom or one of the reporters,
one of the, they seem to have every big shot reporter over there that you could think, you know, think of,
um, that he was interviewing a mother of a young man who was over there fighting.
And he was saying something about, oh, you were so sorry that he was taking prisoner.
She didn't even know.
Yeah.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I saw that one, and then I saw a thing last night that was just enough to make you cry,
where Bob Arnet was talking to a, uh, a Marine in a desert.
And he was telling him about the, the, uh, the civilians who had turned a ambushed,
a group of Marines up ahead of him and killed several Marines.
And he didn't know anything about it.
And to see the reaction of this kid, he was practically in tears.
And he said, oh, that's the first I heard about it.
And he just completely was losing it.
And Bob Arnet, well, thank you for what you're doing for us.
And he just kind of, it was so grotesque and talk about destroying the morale.
One of the things that the military tries desperately to do is to keep the bad news away as long as possible.
And here's this jackass who's embedded with this group.
And he's passing along to bad news.
And, and, and, and I know they were saying that, um, I think I heard it this morning,
uh, that they weren't fighting fear of those, um, soldiers posing as civilians and shooting.
Um, my brother and my brother, no, both in Vietnam, you didn't even know who the, uh, uh,
Yeah, that's right. That's absolutely right.
I mean, the children, and this has been going on as long as there's been you, and of course,
fighting fear.
Yeah.
What, that's so ridiculous.
Yeah, there were the rules of engagement.
Every time I hear that term, I just, I don't know if it'll ever cry.
I know. It's called staying alive is what it's called.
Yeah, I, and I know, um, that, you know, as far as religion, you're, you know,
this is not one of your high points, but I will tell you, um, you were mentioning about,
uh, the different churches praying for the soldiers and all the rest of it.
Uh, I went to Mass on Sunday, and our priest didn't mention, or, thing about the war.
All he said was, um, that pray for the, um, people engaged in religious wars.
Uh, and, um, I think the reason for that was because the Pope had said this was an immoral,
unjust war.
And, um, so, you know, he couldn't single out the Americans or anybody else, but just praying for people in general.
I must say at the end of the Mass, they did sing America's Beautiful, which I was surprised I knew the words too.
Big Canadian.
But, um, yeah, it's too much coverage.
It's too much.
We didn't, you know, we need to know what's going on.
Well, stick stick with the prices right.
Well, yeah.
Poppycock.
Poppy popcorn mixed with it.
There you go.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
See you.
Several varieties.
Poppycock.
Look delicious.
Gourmet, popcorn, three.
That's not Rod Roddy.
What happened to Rod Roddy?
They don't know scammers.
Uh, maybe they dropped Rod out over Baghdad, you think?
That would do it.
I think just to say that those blinding silk suits might, uh, put them in another mode of operation.
Twenty before noon at five sixty WQM, we got the mad dog and one you got the Humper from the Nasdaq 110th tournament of three.
I didn't know what that was Nasdaq 100 till I did the audio meds font.
And then the good news is it's a tennis tournament, which, you know, I mean, at least it's not golf, you know what I'm saying?
Okay.
And then we got Hurricane Hotline at seven.
The big.
Oh.
From eight to 10, 80 K 10 to two and Joe and Mark overnight.
And then we go the morning again.
We don't want to forget them.
The Mollmeister and Gildi, little backstabbing Gildi.
I guess Gildi didn't get the job with ESPN, huh?
What a bad break for us.
Anyway, don't be like Sodom Hussein.
Don't be like Osama Yomama.
If you find yourself in a dead job, pick up the phone and call fast train.
Call one.
I have no idea what that means.
Do you know they're going to be unemployed?
I guess.
Oh, I see.
Call one eight six six fast train to get started in a new high paying computer career.
Unless you're hiding out of the desk and cruise missiles are landing right by your ass.
There's no excuse not to call.
Call fast train one eight six six fast train.
They offer convenient day evening weekend classes.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com and get out from that dead end crap job working for some schmuck.
Unlike dictators, computer professionals are still and even more in growing high demand than ever.
So call fast train today and get yourself started on the road to a big fat paycheck.
Fast trains got locations all over town, no matter where you live.
They're in Miami, they're in Kindle, Pember of Pines and for Lauderdale.
So there's about to be convenient location, close by you.
Register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker to pick up the phone and call fast train today tool free.
One eight six six fast train.
And if you see a Todd Dreck, be sure and tell him where to stick it to.
My name is Locals.
This is Fort Radeel by City.
Way, way, yeah.
Beat that gator meat.
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the Choo Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We take a good hard stiff look and to start him.
He was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia and the gambling music at age four.
Like all gifted European prodigies, he dreamed of one day coming to America to write a theme song for a crappy TV show.
He was Jan Hammer.
I blame the communists, the stinking filthy communists.
Jan Hammer had to flee his native frog because of the communist invasion in 1968.
I was educated at the academy of music and arts.
I gave concerts that would have you heaping.
And what am I known for?
Don't fucking Johnson and Philip Michael fucking Thomas.
Crocket and fucking Tubbs, man.
Oh, Jesus, Jan Hammer.
What a tie dance.
Slubby gold, one time Jan Hammer manager.
Whoa, say that three times fast.
Jan Hammer manager, Jan Hammer manager, Jan slumber manager.
Shit.
Anyway, Slubby gold.
Hey, this with the 80s are location in Miami.
No way would he have scored that much blow back in Czechoslovakia.
But Jan Hammer needed closure.
So inside the behind returned with him to the modern Czech Republic.
Where his countrymen gave a grateful welcome to their returning musical genius.
Hey, Jan Hammer.
Look at the click at the rock.
Go crack it on Tubbs, my friend.
I'll kill you.
But they won't.
Jan Hammer.
Hey, at least you got to do a lot of blow.
It's a big juicy, soft and wet look at show business tonight, on inside the behind.
Living 46, 14 kilo note at 560 WQM.
It's a little bit of shallowery now.
But it's going to be 52 this afternoon here not too bad, huh?
Pretty damn good, I'd say.
I like it.
In fact, it's already 50.
So I think you're going to make seed expectations.
It could be wrong.
It's not even noon yet.
It's already like 50.
And just a couple weeks ago, you know what it was.
But third man.
Exactly.
Now this story about this Adnan GL Shukri Joujuma.
Joujuma.
I hate to do that because they're like local family and everything.
But just do die.
You know, rhymes with do die.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
But yesterday, you see the FBI on CBS News last night.
I thought Dan Rather was going to hyperventilate because they had this dramatic FBI,
not just the request, but like a wild plea for people, you know, for some tips.
I'm going to find this guy.
And then the Sun scum centralist warnings is admittedly short on clues.
They try to prevent a new terrorist attack federal and state law enforcement officers in South Florida
are urgently asking the public to help them find a former Broward County man.
They suspect it's a key al-Qaeda operative.
Just days after the FBI launched a worldwide search for Adnan GL Shukri Joujuma.
Duda, Duda.
Agents called a press conference here today to underscore the priority federal investigators
have put on tracking down El Shukri Joujuma who left his parents Miramar home
before the 9-11 attacks and never returned.
Did he ever return?
See, I don't know.
What is it with me today with the music thing?
I don't know.
I'm thinking of the, what was his name?
That's the MTA by the Kingston trio.
Remember that?
Of course not.
Poor Charlie.
He got an MTA.
Did he ever return?
Well, that's the folk music thing again, you know?
I guess that's what happens when you play for what is worth by Buffalo Springfield and Barry McGuire
and the Eva destruction all in one day and more to come by the way.
But...
It's very, listen to this.
It's very important, very important that we find him soon said Hector Press Square,
the FBI agent in charge of the Miami office.
Suffice to say, he's been identified by senior al-Qaeda members as a very, very serious threat.
Not just a very serious threat, but a very, very serious threat.
Code 2.
Press Square would not comment when asked three quick or key questions.
What kind of terrorist attack is planned?
When will it happen and what will be targeted?
And he basically said, eh.
El Shupri Juma has thought to be living out of the country and federal investigators are working with police in Morocco
and printed that searching for clues.
Press Square said, those countries are among several apparent stopping points for these Saudi Arabian native,
who federal agents said use several aliases and passports.
And do you see the interview with his young brother?
No.
The family still lives in Miramar.
Are we still up for this?
Oh, I'm sorry.
They still...
Now, stop that. They had the young brother on.
He said, eh, he's just an ordinary guy and I can't believe they would do any of these horrible things you're saying.
But, uh, you know, who now knows? Whoever really knows?
He's been away for a while, so.
Who would have ever thought the Atimic they would have gone off to deep end, huh?
Over time, John, I think Casey would have had all those kids lying under the floorboards.
It just one of the... you know, whoever thought Ted Bundy was kind of an unassuming guy, right?
Right.
Whoever knows.
But anyway, they're very, very urgent to get some info.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, I feel so much better now with...
When I came into this room this morning, it was so hot in here you could fry eggs on the sidewalk if I had one.
And I opened all of my windows and finally...
Now, I'm not serious, I was like flush, I would like, you know what I mean?
When you sit in the room at Sugaydeem, huh?
Right.
I mean, it's a wonderful building, I believe, but a little...
Wherever you're now in the negated, there's a little enthusiastic with the heat or in the summertime,
a little over-enthusiastic with the air conditioning.
When you could like make ice on a guy in the floor.
Maybe you're having hot flashes.
Yeah, that could be a mental pot.
Maybe from the show.
Yeah.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Um...
I just wanted to say, I came back from 32 years overseas on different assignments,
about five of which, five years of which was in the Middle East,
in the early 70s and so forth.
But I've worked with the probably representatives of maybe 80, 90 different countries in my career.
And I came back to the States, I was very enthusiastic about coming home after all this period of time,
and it was just before the presidential election.
And I was never voted, never by the part of any political party.
And I was appalled that the way the election went, I mean, the Democrats had decided they were going to have gore
and the hell was built badly.
And the Republicans had decided they're going to have worse suddenly, crucified John McCain down the carolina.
And I just looked at this whole thing and said, this is not healthy, but the biggest single problem that really disturbed me
is the fact that debate in this country has been destroyed largely through the use of political correctness,
which to a large extent was a democratic, a democratic party issue.
But the right wing has used this in an incredible way.
Now when it talks about the Dixie Chicks, for example, if one would make a statement, for example,
that might be pro-Police, but an understanding of the Palestinian side of the issue,
which I happen to have a lot of in-depth background, you could get slapped in being anti-Semitic.
You could make a statement about a woman for which might be commonplace in Europe and all of a sudden your show is picked.
And then this war issue comes along and of course you're unpatriotic.
Somebody wants to be labeled with any of these things, so everybody shuts their mouth.
Nobody talks, no debate, no discussion going on.
So I must say I've listened to all of the Rush Limbaugh's and these guys that have great appeal with the pro-Litarian,
but the bottom line is, I thought your show was very refreshing because it does encourage people like me to say,
after this war is all over, there needs to be some balance in this country again.
We have to stop at the right, forget the right and forget the left, the bulk of the country is in the middle.
And I think the bulk of the country is going to wake up and realize, we've been conned on this whole war.
We've got polls indicating 50% of the Americans think that Saddam Hussein was involved with 9-11.
That's directly the result of the way the President has been presenting it.
9-11 is used in the same sentence with Saddam Hussein.
In not that the administration has said Saddam Hussein is responsible, but when he gets out to the pro-Litarian in this country,
the assumption is made and nobody has done anything to refute that.
So we've gone marching off into this war, which I think Americans are starting to realize is when we get into the street fighting,
the damage is going to be so horrendous that there's no way to get these people ever to be pro-American or on our side to hell with this democracy.
And I would say, gee, this democracy itself, you can't go to sell democracy to the rest of the world when the rest of the world is voting today saying we're against this thing.
So it's ludicrous for this President to stand up and talk about democracy when the whole world is voting in the streets.
And it's a joke. And so we've damaged the idea of democracy. Perhaps to a long term, these people don't want to jump into democracy right now. I can say that.
Good luck to us, my friend. It's all I can tell you.
Good luck to us.
Good luck to us.
Well, I think guys like you who are using a sport show and putting your feelings across the air is a very, very healthy thing.
I think it just seems to be that there's a huge... I'm surprised that you have the advertisers supporting you in all of this, and I'm so pleased for your advertisers,
because I think this whole public opinion thing is going to start to change. Because in the end, there's only one solution to terrorism.
And I would have to round terrorism my whole career. My whole career. In the cities I've been in, on subways I've taken in Paris, downtown London, you name it.
I've seen the terrorists bombings whether it's the IRA or the Algerians or whether it was the Red Brigades or whatever. We grew up to that.
And I know the Americans earn shock because of 9-11 and so forth. But eventually, the only way to stop terrorism is to address the issues of what are motivating these people.
And the issue that many Arabs have told me over many years, they like American people.
They don't have a problem with the United States. What they do not like are the policies of the government. And so this country is going to have to go into a serious debate about our foreign policy if we ever...
If this government would have been right from the beginning more interested in solving the problem between the Israelis and the Palestinians instead of sucking up the Ariel Sharon and being one-sided in their diplomacy, we wouldn't have to be doing what we're doing right now.
But that's how they wanted. Have a great day, my friend. I got to run.
You're absolutely right. Keep up the good work.
Here's Linda, her Lydia from Miami says I want to say thanks because every morning you and George give me a little hope, a little hope that at least some Americans have opened their eyes won't be allowed to be brainwashed any longer.
I admire both of you for not giving up due to the frustration you must feel every f-ing day when facing so much mirror mindedness and ignorance when trying to get your message across.
Thank you, Lydia.
How do you like that? That last day I was pretty interesting. That's why I left them on so long.
Yeah. Plus I was looking for a CD.
What are you chocolate about? What's wrong with you? I know how your brain works.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. No, he was, he knew what he was talking about. He was right on target. He's been around.
He's been there, man. And like I said, my whole, of course, your Palestinian attitude is like totally one side in a ridiculous way.
No, it isn't. I'm like a hell of a lot of representing me. No, I'm not.
You know, for the sake of security, I'm not going to play along, but I'm pro-peace. I'm for everybody stop killing each other.
But that's where they needed to solve the deal was right there and cut this crap out of Ariel Sharon and pandering to these right wing religions in this country and fall well and Robertson, all these other assholes.
Oh, well, a promised land and Armageddon, all this other crap.
Because that's the only way you're going to get respect in the Arab world, not by going into and blowing a crap out of their country anyway.
Let me tell you about a great place. And that's the world famous pizza loft, Jeff Cohen. He knows his stuff, man. He's a real stand up guy.
In fact, I understand he'll do it standing up laying down pinwheel, whatever you like. That's the room where I'm here.
And anyway, at the pizza loft, you get delicious food. Everything is cooked fresh to order very gigantic portions and teeny tiny prices.
Monday's lasagna, I was just thinking about teeny tiny and Jeff Cohen and the same Monday's lasagna night at the loft and two days egg plant night like tonight by one of these dinners on these nights, get the second one for 45 bucks.
Wednesday kids eat free with it all say can see Jeff's famous magic show Thursday is bike night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner, get the second for a price.
They have got fantastic pasta dishes and chicken and veal and seafood. They got three different kinds of great pizza. They got Kelzone, super subs.
They got it all at the pizza loft and the best news for you is now there are two count them two brow locations.
You notice there was one over a Basra and one billboard over one banner plane over Baghdad. I'm serious.
For take out delivery and catering in Davy, that's on university. Drab between Griffith and 595 right behind Pierrot and in Ports and the pizza loft, Plasticity Corner Armandolo Cafe for take out into the delivery and Davy call 954 9168880.
954 9168880 in the brand new location and prestigious plantation right out there by me corner of Navi Hill and sunrise right behind Walgreens pharmacy.
Call 954 382 1999. Don't forget implantation the same great food the same reasonable prices and the same delicious fresh goodies with gigantic portions 954 382 1999.
Certainly the most amazing in the universe the world famous pizza loft.
My life and local this is 4205 60.
Way to a yeah.
We said homeland security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
I'm not sure I have the voice for this in the middle of the night.
I'm not sure the person's often having the neighbors all of a sudden to flush I keep forgetting the hospital family.
My daughter has a tattoo and stupid bloody head to the house is filled with don't do the hospital family.
I think you love to know.
Come over here and let me reach for a little bit more money to you.
Shut the f*** up.
I walk like I have Bellio my wife's a little psycho. I think my son's a hobo. He asked for family.
I get a little dizzy when I discover I'm still living my pants I'm always pissing the asked for family.
I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm gonna make the audience.
I'm forgetting anything what you're most worried about.
Master Stuart can make my scrunchies.
All right.
12 or 3 or 5 60 WQM happy Tuesday to you.
Blinding sandstorms seriously reducing visibility.
Now you may think that that would lessen even suspend the airstrikes but we continue to hear very heavy bombardments on the edges of the city.
Iraq has a game being showing pictures of what it says is an American surveillance train which it has shot down.
Everyone here has heard of the reports of American troops being only 60 miles outside of Baghdad.
We already had that report on it.
Yes.
554 votes on a poll today on your right is dot com which outspoken entertainer to respect most for their viewpoints.
None they should all shut up.
194 34 and a half percent of this audience they should all shut up.
They're not entitled to express their viewpoint.
That's America baby.
Michael Moore 160.
Charlton Heston 33.
Bill Maher 30.
This poll to me looks really I don't know.
Doesn't it?
What?
Straight.
Strange.
Martin Sheen 27.
Natalie Mainz of the Dixie Tix 20.
Let's go out and buy some Dixie Tix CDs.
No!
Come on.
I'm going to buy some Pixie sticks maybe.
Dennis Miller 19.
Oh God.
Paul Newman 14.
Susan Sarandon 10.
The anxious terminal Fred Thompson 8.
Ted Nugens 7.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Sean Penn 5.
Robert Redford 5.
Barbara Streisand 5.
Rosio Donnellan.
Charlie Daniels.
He's have five big ones.
Four votes for a genuine grapholo.
Mike Ferrell's got four.
We apologize for the spelling of Jeanine by the way.
Mike Ferrell 4.
Mad Damon 4.
And poor Roy Shiders only got three.
The reason I put a Roy Shider on there out of 562 votes is because they interviewed him before the Oscars the other day.
Yeah.
And he was very good.
In fact, he was out there in the streets protesting.
You go really.
Yeah.
And he said, well, this is a part of what we feel responsibility.
Because you have people do it, my wrist, but nevertheless, you know, we need to use that position to make a point every now and then we have as much right to expression opinion as anybody else.
And the fact that we got supposedly 34.5% of this audience saying they should shut up and nobody cares if you don't, if you don't care about their opinion and don't listen to it.
Right.
I mean, well, what does that mean?
It's like this show.
People don't like what I say on the show.
They don't like the program.
Don't listen to it.
Nobody's forcing you to listen.
But to suggest that they don't have the right to express their viewpoints.
What kind of crap is that?
And it's part of what this other guy before was just talking about.
It's the same thing.
The New Deal in America being politically correct means, go step in line with the right wing and anybody that's got a different point of view, just dummy up.
We won't mind you just as long as you shut the hell up.
And that's right.
That's where it's at.
Right.
The U.S. led force in Iraq risk as many as 3,000 casualties in the battle for Baghdad and Washington has underestimated the number of troops needed a former top commander for the 1991 Gulf Force at yesterday.
Retired U.S. Army General Barry McCaffrey, commander of the 24th Infantry Division 12 years ago, said the U.S. led force faced a very dicey two to three day battles.
It pushes North toward the Iraqi capital.
We ought to be able to do it.
Take Baghdad.
He told the Newsnight program on Britain's BBC TV late Monday.
In the process, they, the Iraqis, if they actually fight and that's one of the assumptions, clearly it's going to be brutal, dangerous work.
We could take bluntly a couple to three, in other words, two to 3,000 casualties, said McCaffrey, who became one of the most senior ranking members of the U.S. military following the 91 war.
So if the Americans and the British are unwilling to face up to that, we may have a difficult time of taking down Baghdad and to creed to the northwest.
McCaffrey said Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had misjudged the nature of the conflict, asked if Rumsfeld made a mistake by not sending more troops to stop the offensive.
McCaffrey replied, yes, sure.
I think everybody told him that.
I think he thought these were U.S. generals with their feet planted in World War II, and that didn't understand the new way of warfare he added.
U.S. forces have advanced more than 200 miles into Iraqi territory since the start of the war, you ought to be very dicey two to three, the battle out there McCaffrey said the confrontation with Republican guards.
He said his personal view was that the invading troops would take the Iraqis apart, but we've never done something like this with such a modest force, such a distance from its bases.
So there you go. Two to three thousand losses. Can you imagine this screaming and gnashing and carrying on this going to be going on in this country of that should be the case? Can you even imagine?
Guaranteed. Here's Kindle. Hello.
You showed sucks and so did you.
Okay, thank you. Thank you very much. And thanks for listening to the world famous Neil Rogers show on QAM. You know rushes on right now. Yeah rushes on right now. Listen to him. He sucks too.
Come quads. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. Can I on? You know yesterday I told Carlos not to put any old more old parts on here and he didn't listen to me. You know, I don't want to play bush boss or anything like that, but I thought I made it very, very clear. He didn't sound as old as he just.
No, no old ancient older than the thuseless grandpa. Okay. That man has been dead for 20 years. Nobody told him about it. I don't give me that crap. They get the children to call on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, difficult to getting the money. The total figure. I think that's pretty much a given. There is this history as you very well know of supporting the commander in chief in time of war.
I'm not going to vary as though are going to be difficult. The president wants what he calls flexibility. Congress is asking for details. They just don't want to hand him an open checkbook. And that's really what the president is asking for at the moment. That will be negotiated.
And then the other issue is this question of actual aid that reaches Iraq millions and billions are being thrown around. But only $543 million in humanitarian aid goes to Iraq. That's well below what the United Nations says. And then only $1.7 billion in reconstruction costs. And that too is way below what anybody thinks is realistic.
I tell you, well, let's let the Saudis do what he said. And isn't it interesting that this guy that looking for again from Miramar is another Saudi?
Remember when we were talking about we didn't know what the other guy was. The guy that Ron Jeremy looked like that they arrested. Right. Kuwaiti.
Oh, Mohammed. Yeah. I'm a shaky booty. My head. Here's a call from homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling me. I mean speaking. I want to commend you for your views.
There's a lot of them that one speaks up like you do. That's correct. And I'm very happy to hear such a thing because I'm trying to do the same thing. But I have deaf ears all around me.
And I've gone through the second world war. I know what it's like. And I don't want to see it. And you know, there's something that's very interesting here.
The Gestapo had a system of infiltrating the brains of people. Right. Well, we're very close to that now. I see it on TV every day. And it's just modernized. That's what it is.
Yeah. The modernization of the same thing. And I got it. You got to hand it to them. They're doing a magnificent job of using the manipulating the media to do their brainwashing.
That's for sure. And I am so sick and tired of it. I just wish they would use all this money to educate people here. Put this money in school so that they can learn something.
Oh, they don't want to do that. Why not? Then we'd be dangerous. Right. I don't know where these 30% are that are against all this. But they don't have a voice. And I will sever more of you.
We're hearing a lot of them on the show anyway. Hang in there, sweetheart. Thanks. Taking my call. Thanks. Bye. Bye. You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone. We know that. Yeah. They're tracing any calls like that. So we hope she's OK. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I mean, there's a lot of these stories like what about
Ask Croft is really cranking up. I mean, the surveillance things that are going on now taping phone, tracing phone calls and taping phone calls and monitoring emails. I mean, just anything and everything now.
Patriot Act 1, Patriot Act 2. And of course, the excuse being, wow, you know, we got to weed out those terrorists. By the way, 5,000 Iraqis were interviewed. I used that term loosely.
The interviewed in quotes since we anticipated the start of the war and since we're started by who? By the government. OK. By the Gestapo. 30 of them were detained for immigration violations. You know how many of them were arrested or detained on suspicion of terrorism?
By 30, man. None. Zero. Big none. I'm not saying that there may not be any Iraqis in America who might be, you know, saw a salon plots, but so a plan. But so far we haven't found any. Yeah. And we all know that they do have chemical weapons. Of course, in biological in Iraq, but my fact of the matter is all they heavy breeding the last two days about that that castle in the sand that they found that factory that was hidden out of the sand. Do they find any chemical weapons in there? No.
No. And the one yesterday that they sent a sniffer tank out there to sniff it out, they find any chemicals. No, not, not anything dangerous. Not any weapons. I just mentioned that, you know, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line rolling along, singing a song, baby. And like the mad dog says, one great thing about America, everybody can see their feet. Right. Hey, do you have $2,000 more on a credit card? If so, listen closely. David Kiddick consumer.
The next thing will help you. It'll cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you nothing. Devicated is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you will money to and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NO-DET. That's 1-800-4-NO-DET. And Devicated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees and save your credit. It'll cost you Zippo. The bank pays, Devicated, and you pay nothing. So if you're trying to battle in credit card debt, call Devicated Tool Free 1-800-4-NO-DET. Call and find out how Devicated can help you out. You got nothing. No.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates, and late fees, here's the thing to do. Call Devicated Consumer Counseling and they'll be handling it from there. Call right now, Tool Free 1-800-4-NO-DET. And don't forget, it costs you nothing.
My best local business is five cities. Where are you going?
You and...
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger.
Pushes a sari by the finger. Can't he say play off the fence, hey then? He got investigations to win and they were getting too close to the towel headed body.
He got the pictures for above a few again. We're dodging pop. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger.
Pushes a sari by the finger. If they don't it thinks this corporate retard. 3000 miles will never be a bench. Push your brain wash, fucking.
Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger.
Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger.
Pushes a sari by the finger. Pushes a sari by the finger.
You're supposed to explain it to me, you're expecting it.
You're supposed to be respected.
Mm, very good.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mometregen yoku.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
It's not Christmas.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Come on, 20 at 5.60 WQM boy, just about fell off the chair.
I was watching CBC here during that bit.
Yeah.
And she says, now we break away from regular programming
to bring you this, so I'll pay from Kuwait.
And it's just the British are just,
the Wigamore, their briefings in the book,
but they have got this footage, okay?
They have got this, yeah, the Brits.
The very staggy Brits.
It's the US and the Brits against the world, baby,
with a few Aussies in there in a couple of pollocks.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T,
and for Rise from Wireless Line.
By the way, I should not, yeah, we put this on a website.
That Paul Kruvman article, by the way,
is on, it's on our website today.
It's on yourRigins.com.
If you want to read it again and again about Dick Cheney
and Halle Burton and Saddam and the Iraqis, et cetera.
All in bed together, all of a sudden they became evildoers,
just all of a sudden.
Good distraction, by the way, from the economic woes.
Speaking of economic woes, let's take a peek and see,
because yesterday it was a mitigated disaster.
Oh, no.
Not again.
The bow is down 105 points, and the Nasdaq is down another 25.
What's up on mine?
Oh, it's up. That's right.
Oh, sorry.
See, that's me again.
I'm watching it with a jaded view.
It's up 104 in the Nasdaq's up 25.
Sorry.
Because that would have been really nasty, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
In fact, a guy who called me for financial advice a couple of weeks ago
is listening.
I told you I know nothing.
Don't look at me.
And just put your money under the bed.
Put it under the mattress if you're smart.
Anyway, the next target of the US after capturing Iraq
will be replacement of religious government in Iran.
Well, the secular government is the US forces in Afghanistan
have already started implementation on action plans
in this regard.
According to reliable sources, the CIA has submitted a detailed
300 pages long report to President Bush, in which it was
pointed out that during a possible US attack on Iran,
religiously motivated jihadi, holy warrior organizations,
would support Iran from the border areas of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Following this report, US intelligence agencies
need to start actions to check any possibility of provision
to support to Iran from border areas of the two neighboring
countries by organizations like Terriq and Nefais,
Sherriyat, Muhammad, and the travel leaders in Pakistan
and the some other joint.
Sources further revealed that the operation being conducted
by US forces in Afghanistan on March 20th was not against Al-Qaeda,
rather was against his B.E. Islami and possible supporters
of Iran.
US intelligence agencies have also informed the US State
Department about the names of organizations in Pakistan and Afghanistan,
which could support Iran during any possible US attack
and this list includes names of about six organizations.
Now wait till you hear this.
Sources also reveal that list of countries where replacement of government
has been declared essential included Afghanistan, Iraq,
Iran, Libya, Cuba, and North Korea, and from this list,
Taliban regime has been replaced in Afghanistan while the war
in Iraq is going on.
Got it?
I got it.
Well, the Cubanistan, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Cuba, and North Korea.
Thank you, everybody.
So we've got a lot of heavy business going on, huh?
Got to be a letter of dead bodies and a lot of shooting
and a lot of bloodbaths and a lot of money.
A lot of your money, man, going to be just, wow.
We're going to export democracy all over the goddamn world.
And then after that, it's going to be Sudan and Saudi Arabia
and Syria and Lebanon, Egypt.
Who else? Who might leave it out?
All those African countries were put together.
Oh, we're like, put your name each other by the thousands.
Don't leave the country now.
We're not going to leave the whole world, baby.
And just imagine the business we can control in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pounds, lots of open lines.
Just amazing to me.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil, George, you know, it's working class America
that's paying for this war, applying your children
for this war.
It makes me sick.
You know, you'll never see like an old 60-song go,
your senator's son.
I'm not a senator's son ever going to the war.
It's the spikabas.
You have to ask him for $74 billion.
And that's a list of starters.
That's just the first, right?
How about for school?
How about America wake up?
Working class America wake up.
You left a Democrat.
I don't care who it is.
Get part.
Or North Carolina, John Andrews.
And I tried calling them today.
Nobody knows.
Did you say get part?
Get part or Andrews.
Another dick in the White House.
Uh-huh.
Get Mark got two chances none and much less than, OK?
I'm John Andrews from North Carolina.
Oh, yeah.
John, what's his name?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you know, Bush, you know, he is the golfer
for $74 billion.
And then on top of that, still keep his $200 billion
with a tax cut.
The rich in this country are lasting at us.
They're lasting at us.
They're not paying any taxes.
And they're not sitting there charging the war.
Yeah.
And.
And you think the Democrats are going to change them?
You think the Democrats are going to change that soon?
Good luck to you, sir.
OK, let's have a revolution, especially in South Florida.
Let's start it.
Oh!
300,000 people for Christ, baby.
The bash on the beach over the weekend.
Wow.
The beach best.
I still can't get over that.
I mean, other than Kaya Ocho, what else could you get 300,000 people
together for in South Florida?
You name it.
What could it, huh?
Nothing.
And this religious nut comes in there
and proselytizing and talking about your crap.
And 300,000 people show up over the weekend.
Hopefully they were just a son and a beach and, you know, a swimmer.
Hopefully.
But not a quirk of that story.
No.
7,000 open lines on this board here.
One of the great discracers of this town, man,
is the response on this show, the response of the Republic out there.
Here's the one place where I can actually call and say your piece.
And these people are calling in.
Well, thank God for you.
And where the hell are they?
Where the hell are these people, huh?
What's something to say?
They're listening quietly.
Now, we don't want them to listen quietly.
Here's the opportunity to, well, nobody will let us speak.
Well, here's your opportunity, baby.
Let's get with it.
Wake up and sip the pansies before they turn into the deputies, you assholes.
God.
Man, is this town dead?
Dead.
Some get ski comes in from out of town.
And 300,000 people are running around like bans.
He's on a beach find in Jesus.
But in the meantime, here we're talking about the future of the God and human race.
We're saving the world on the radio.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
Save your back.
And get yourself a great night's sleeper.
If you know what the great quality mattress from Dalmatris, we're talking name brands the best.
They got silly and served as Simmons, King Coil, every size and style.
The last several mattresses I bought, I purchased from them right over the phone.
That's the way you do it.
You don't have to leave the house.
You don't have to rush around wasting expensive gas and time and a lot of extra money.
Just call 1-800-MATRUS, MATTRES, and there'll be no time at all once convenient for you by the way.
Dalmatris is ranked first in customer satisfaction in the world because they know how to treat your right.
That's why they have more repeat referral customers than anybody else.
And once you buy a mattress, the smart way from Dalmatris is by making one call.
You'll never waste your time going back to an expensive showroom again.
And don't forget when you buy the mattress from Dalmatris, they take away the crappy old smelly bedding.
Let me sit here and crappy instead of the brand new one for you for free.
Where's my mattress fat boy?
You heard me right, Dalmatris sets up the new one and takes away the old bedding for free.
So call him right now and starting tonight.
As soon as tonight, you can be doing a great night's sleep and feeling a lot better too.
Call 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MATRUS for Dalmatris, the intelligent way to get you a great night's sleep.
I want it bad.
In the shocking season finale, Evan Marriott, aka Joe Millionaire, made his final decision and selected Zora to be his beloved.
Then the twist.
The butt-and-pull-hogan presented a couple with a check for 1 million dollars.
But that's not the end of it.
There's another twist, not revealed on national television.
The million dollars given to the couple actually belonged to a Colombian drug cartel.
And they wanted back.
Where's my million dollars?
That bitch kid has it.
One rich kid.
The Joe Millionaire.
Whom?
Joe Millionaire.
He steals from me.
Yes.
From me.
Yes.
Are you kidding me?
No.
I want that money back, she'd go.
I'm not gonna get it back.
Cut his throat, she'd go.
The whole throat?
And nothing but the throat.
So, how may God?
Evan and Zora are running for their lives.
But that's not the end of it.
There's another twist.
The money that Fox stole from the Colombian drug cartel was apparently stolen originally from a Jamaican crime syndicate.
And they wanted back.
Zigi was the money month.
The Joe Millionaire got him on.
Minimum, we gave it to the Colombian drug cartel as a loan man.
Get it back from them.
The millionaire can't got it.
From the TV show.
Yeah.
What's the kid doing with my million dollars you want for God month?
Well, he fell in love with Zora suddenly at the million dollars.
Tell me about that month.
I'm going to get the money back, man.
I've got weed to make.
Okay, but he's trod month.
The whole throat?
And nothing but the troll.
So, how may God?
But wait, there's another twist.
Evan and Zora are really brother and sister.
But not just any brother and sister.
What a twist.
We have the Ottomans.
I'm the little baby.
Joe Millionaire's got her alive.
I'm Fox.
You're mine.
Oh, God.
I've only seen that about 75,000 times and I just love it.
Yeah.
I do.
I love that spot.
Anyway, 28 to 11, we got the mad dog at one o'clock.
We was going to tell you about freedom of speech in America.
And how great it is.
Here's a call from Lauderdale Lakes.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, I am.
Neil, I have a shameless request for you.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you could send me an 8 by 10 photograph of yourself.
Yeah, right.
Let's move right along.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
I just want to say one thing, Neil, that you get a chance to see the Quinnipiac University
presidential survey.
No, I did not.
Okay.
It showed that a week before the shooting started, an unnamed Democrat, and they do this every month,
would beat 48 to 4.
Oh, yeah.
We had that on our website, yeah.
Okay.
And the second thing I want you to look up is, I don't know the exact website, but if you go in your search mode, it'll pop right up.
It's called Bush Lies Caught on Hate.
You'll find it'll go right to the survey, and it'll show you every lie as he stated it, and then actually what he did.
Oh, I don't have that much time to beat all of that.
Oh, you'll love it.
I'm telling you to get shot.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, we had that thing from the Quinnipiac pool.
This thing from the Louisville leader that you were faxed to me, obviously you got the original copy.
Yes.
Let's put that on our website.
I.
From the Louisville leader.
I don't know.
Is that in Maine?
Louisville Maine?
I don't know.
It doesn't say anywhere.
I always hate that one.
I mean, I appreciate the column because it's an excellent column, but I don't know some of these papers.
I don't know where the hell are from.
By the way, the person at the George, what does it say, a George fan?
Whatever that means.
I don't understand what that means.
The Pittsburgh newspapers, the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, you saw that fax before.
Yeah.
And maybe I'll get to that and probably not.
Anyway, good article about who are the real use of idiots.
Yeah, he'd say this is very Flynn in the Louisville leader newspaper.
Excuse me.
It's tiny.
No, tiny's dead.
He says, I would say that people who hold up the first amendment as an example of America's greatness,
but then disparage those who exercise their right to peacefully assemble are the real use of idiots.
Right on, baby.
You are absolutely correct.
Good column.
Get it on there.
Get it on there, beener boy.
Oh, and let me just rip Bokka Brian and ask too, because his thing still didn't show up today since he obviously didn't send it up to yesterday after no.
Yeah, maybe I talked to Duff about the comedy services he contacted them.
They're going to resend, but everybody seems to think that it's because of the war.
Everything is slowed down.
The mail really increased customs.
And everything was really so, yeah, slogging everything.
Isn't that great?
So maybe a week from Sukkis, I'll be able to get some of those great discs.
Here's Laura who says, I listen to your show with the internet whenever I can.
I've tried and tried to get you on a phone that everybody able to do so.
I do appreciate your show says Laura.
Thank you, Laura.
It's the best show going in.
What is it?
E-mailing your website to friends across the country, encouraging them to listen on the web too.
I love it when you read Michael Moore's book and blighted by the right.
I just can't get to an iPhone.
Thanks, Laura.
You're the best sweetheart.
I wonder where Laura is.
Oh, in Miami.
Okay.
She's entitled, right?
Everybody's entitled to be in Miami.
Don't stay there too long, Laura.
Let's go right to Miami ourselves.
Hello.
Hey, mail.
You was a fan about how whoever gets to disagree with an already two-part exam was Russian.
They had almost everybody I never mentioned.
No, but it is a shit.
It's for the war.
And he had like all of the colors talking about here.
I'm throwing a little.
He said, listen.
One of the colors that I listen as I throw my Dixie chick window CD out the window.
And you can hear it hitting the street.
I mean, he just these people are just following the snow and Russian.
Yeah, they're ditto heads.
And that's fine.
They got, you know, I have no problem with that.
If that's where they want to go, that's a good place for them.
Okay.
Everybody's got to write the right wingers have a right.
The left wingers, the commie pinkos, the in-betweens, the morons.
You know, and that's what it's supposed to be, but unfortunately it's not.
And if you don't go step along with the company line,
communist on patriotic son of a bitch, let's boycott.
Let's not get you any more movie parts.
This is crap.
Like I said at the beginning of the show today.
It's like a throwback to the 50s to the ugly days of the McCarthy witch hunts.
All the blacklisting on Hollywood.
The Jew baiting, the commie baiting with what the ugliest periods in history.
And we thought we got through that.
And just like every other aspect of this administration,
they continue marching us back into the ugly past.
Ugly, ugly past.
Well, people forget and they know that.
Well, I haven't forgotten because I'm an old fart and I live through it, okay?
And I've read the books about you, McCarthy and about the J Edgar,
he regained, he regained all of that crap.
All these phony, phony hypocrites.
And let me say it again.
The ones who point the fingers the most, baby.
Trust me when I tell you, every one of them has got skeletons rattling all over their closet.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Trust me.
Never fails.
Just like the terminal homophobes out there were always pointing the finger,
paggot and SNI and always making a big sentence.
Every single one of them, believe me, is a flaming closet queen.
Every single one of them.
There is no question in my mind.
See, I'm stalling because I'm looking for that Simpsons thing.
Let the bodies in the room, let the body in.
BAAANING!
That's always been.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 10, 10, 10.
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of Palm Beach school board votes to ban gay discrimination.
Oh!
Gay students receive new protections yesterday when the Palm Beach County school board voted to ban discrimination
and harassment based on a student sexual orientation.
See, even in South Florida, we continue making a little more progress in spite of the right-wing assholes.
Oh, right!
In spite of the steep canes of the world.
The board voted 5 to 2 to pass the measure, which was before the board for the third time in the past 12 years.
About 100 people filled the board were when most of them voiced support for the measure.
Teacher Clarence Brooks said students deserve the protection.
As educators, we know students are harassed.
It's not a writer passage.
Nobody should have to endure abuse, he said.
School superintendent Art Johnson supported the ban.
He said he had voted against it previously, but decided I was wrong.
This is about protection, safety and equality.
Opponents said the rule would open the board to lawsuits.
Pat Ryan of Palm Beach Gardens warned the board was asking for a long line of lawyers to write checks to.
Oh, right.
Here's another Miami call. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I was watching the CBC nightly news online last night.
I saw on the little one of their reports, one of their reporters that was out in Baghdad.
They showed a little scene of some of these Baghdad citizens sitting around TVs with rabbidirs watching the BBC.
Did you like that?
In Iraq.
I was thinking, oh my god, we've been lied to so many times by these people thinking that trying to get up to believe that the Iraqis only have one source of information.
When rabbidirs, they can pick up the BBC.
It rather astounded me.
But getting on to that.
At least they're getting some good coverage anyway.
Yes, they certainly are because I've been watching that too.
And I saw that very Bob Arnaud report that you were talking about a little while ago.
When he told that one of our soldiers there about the ambush.
I am honored to cry when I saw that.
I mean, the soldier was just crushed by the, even what to say.
Neil, I was crushed by this too.
And I thought that this really is very, if you watch the pay attention to any BBC or any of the foreign press coverage, you'll see that there's a pattern here of lack of preparedness for the amount of resistance we're going to get.
And our strategy really hasn't been the strategy for fighting against these people.
It's been one based on them welcoming us.
Right.
Plot flowers in candy and big parades in the claws and waving the mercen flag didn't happen.
Well, the thing that astounded me, Neil, is that at one moment I was thinking exactly what you were thinking about trying to maintain the morale of our troops.
And that this was a devastating thing.
But then on the other hand, I was thinking, thank God for Bob Arnaud because he actually relayed to these guys information that could possibly fade their lives.
That our military was not convinced we're own troops.
That had me crawling on the floor crying because some of my friends and neighbors have their kids up there.
And their asses are on the line.
I have disturbed me so much I can't begin to tell you.
Okay. Well, you said it.
Did he say it?
Yeah.
He said it.
19 to one.
I don't think it's appropriate for Bob Arnaud or any other embedded journalist to be influencing.
I mean, I'm sure that the commanders are going to tell them exactly what they're up against and to be very weary.
And they're all doing that about the civilians and the possible ambushes.
But to be to be wounding the morale of the troops and to be doing things like that in the name of entertainment, which is what the network's original about, is unacceptable.
Entertainment, baby, it's your business.
Anyway, if you're looking to do some business on your floor by making your carpets look brand new, don't waste thousands of dollars by a new carpeting.
Even if your carpets look hopeless, do the miracle that I've been doing for over 21 years on my carpets call the experts and dry concepts.
Nobody in the world anywhere, even those ragheads over there, those laundry people, they have no idea how to make the flying carpets look as good as these because dry concepts are the only people in the world that dry clean your carpeting.
Just like dry cleaning your clothing, they suck out even the deep dandert and the fibers your carpet leaves them looking just like brand new smelling lemonade fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours and you will swear, bottoming you'll swear, but you'll guarantee that it looks just like you have brand new carpeting laid right there on the floor.
And don't forget to give you a guaranteed written price for the job before they even start doing the work so you can never have to worry about getting ripped off at the end of the job.
They also do a stupendous job of cleaning your upholstering leather furniture and expensive area rugs too.
If you have problems with pet orders or milder orders caused by water damage, no sweat, they'll wave their magic wand and they'll make everything look and smell just like brand new.
You'll adhere yourself and your carpeting to call the professionals at dry concepts like all of us smart folks do call 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or log on to their website, dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget with dry concepts you cleaned today and retained tonight, not just their slogan, it's their business.
This is sports when you'll buy six UAM.
Your mother would end up in the truck.
They will pay us to the truck there.
I'll make love because the weather won't lose until I do know what to try
I do know what to try
We have come to get it together
We have come to get it together now
We have come to get it together now
We have come to the streets of houses
Because of something that's in there
We've come to get it together
So, my heart might drop
Because of the well-known songs in
I do know what to try
I do know what to try
We have come to get it together now
We have come to get it together now
We have come to get it together now
What was that?
I was going to ask you, I thought we lost the connection
No, I was just Boca-Brion, I guess, dubbed
Oh, he's done that before, that was one of his
Yeah, that's one of his
Thanks Boca-Brion, you're consistent anyway
Oh, you get the message
1248-560
What can I tell you?
It just caught me, I was like busy looking at my foot
Here's my, am I on the wrong line?
Here's Miami, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Hey, how's it going?
Okay
I think you're right on, man
I think you're right on
I think it's about people's, about time people spoke up about what's going on
With the right wing in this country
They're just trying to, trying to shut everybody up about what's really happening here
Yeah
I just could say something in defense of Tom Dashel
I know he's got a lot of, a lot of flack for what he said
And he's a boob and he's a politician and all that, I'll give him that
But the problem with Tom Dashel is he's all over the place
I mean, he waits one minute, he's saying one thing, he votes for the resolution
The next minute he's saying something else
He just is so obvious as a political opportunist, he doesn't have any credibility with me
Absolutely, well he's a politician all that
But I gotta say, if I could just interpret what he was saying, I think what he said
is exactly what's coming to pass
We didn't, you know, a must for the coalition that we needed
And you'd have to be stupid to not believe that if we had a stronger coalition going in
That these guys wouldn't be fighting as hard as they are against us right now
Right, I mean, we look illegitimate going in, it's an Anglo-American war
And that plays really strong in that community all over the world
And what he was saying basically is that if we would just work a little bit harder
to go other people on our side, more representative of what the world opinion should be on on Iraq
That we'd have a stronger moral position going in
Not only that, but in terms of retaliation and putting the American and the British people at risk for terrorist activity
The fact that basically we're in there alone just those two countries primarily
I mean the retaliation is going to be against the American and British interest here and all over the world
Absolutely, we're already seeing it
I mean these guys are signing up, I thought today I think it was MSNBC that these guys are signing up and important
And Jordan to come across the border and join the resistance
Because you know, if that idea plays really strongly
And we preempted the timing on this as well
I heard somebody else saying on, you know, watching the news quite a bit
Obviously this is a, it's just a scary time I think
It just could turn very ugly really quick
And they were saying that if we had just waited another 30 days
It would have actually helped us with the military effort as well
We just would have played the diplomacy a little bit longer
Instead of, you know, making everybody, you know, so pissed off at us
We could have had more troops in there that could have been more decisive
And we could have had more people on our side
And you know, immediately Tom Dash will get these back lashes from, you know, the speaker of the house, then he has her saying that basically he's a traitor
Which I thought was just, I can't, was shocked
Outrage is the typical, typical of the right one
Absolutely, so right on the one, I think it's about the time people spoke up
And I mean, what's going on in this country? I think we're going to be feeling it for years afterwards
The biggest casualty so far on this war has been that you cannot speak up with the position on this war
And I'm for it, I'm personally somebody that agrees with this war
But I think the way that it's been carried out has just been a complete cluster
You know, and I just think that if we had done it the right way
We wouldn't be in so much risk right now
We'd be more assured of a victory
And that means American lives
And I don't think we could forget that
The diplomacy, good diplomacy means we lose less Americans when we go and decide to do something like this
And that's exactly what Tom Dash will be saying
And we have screwed it up from day one
Now I saw Bush come out today and he comes out with a swagger in this smirk on his face
And I just, I mean that swagger is getting people killed
Because if he would just be more humble about this
Explain the position more clearly
Take his time to explain to the world what we're doing here
I think, you know, we would not have such a bloody deal
You got the wrong crowd in mind, that's not their style
Well, you know, but everybody's watching this
You know, if he thinks it's just the American people that are watching
Just people that agree with him, you know, he's dead wrong
And it's irresponsible of him to take this so lightly
And I look at Blair's position and I'll tell you, I wish Blair was president right now
Because that guy's been doing an amazing job
And explaining, you know, the gravity of what we're doing here
And you just see them, you know, compare the two
And there's just no comparison in terms of leadership
And again, I'm somebody who agrees with what we're doing there
But I just think the way we've gone about it
As unnecessarily put our troops at further risk
And really put this victory in question, I think, at least for the short term
I mean, I think eventually we're going to succeed there militarily
But we've been saying all along that, you know, what the hardest thing here is winning the peace
And the minds of people all over the world that we're not talking out of the sides of our faces here
And the message has been all over the place
And I think that, you know, this over and over is supposed to get out of two
The Bush has had his killings, it really is
And he's got to stop it, he's got to stop it and destroy with the American people
And let people speak up and have some real debate in this country about what we're doing and how we're doing
Okay, thanks a lot, appreciate it
Thank you, thank you for that
1253 at 560 WDQAM, Tom Levin at Joe Prier at Halopaniac GMC
Are proud to announce their Neil Deal marks mad in the sale that's still going on right now
Neil Deal number one, pick any new GMC or Pontiac and stock like the 33 Marligal and Vibe
Price is lowest 13,998 and get you 0% financing for up to 60 months
You heard me right, 0% for up to 60 months
Neil Deal number two, choose any new vehicle and stock gets you up to a $3,000 rebate
You are absolutely correct in here and that, get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock right now at Halopaniac GMC
Now it's also got great Neil deals on great used cars, trucks and dependable SUVs
And as far as credit is concerned, you never have to fear because Tom Levin is here
Even if you've got the worst credit in the history of mankind, they'll find a way to get you into a vehicle at Halopaniac
Don't forget it's another set of great Neil deals going on right now and Halop's still doing strong in the same place they've been for 35 years
134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across in the falls, open every day 7 days a week
For a warrant, call the Neil Deal hotline at 1-885-3-4-4-4-2-11
That's 1-885-3-4-4-2-11, don't forget all Neil deals, subject to credit, approval, C-D-4 details
Halopaniac GMC, who's dead at the mountaintop and shout, we are professional great
My, my, and local, we are sports video 560-CUA-M
In light of France's blatant disregard for all things American, this radio station invasued a Jonas in the boycott of the following people, places and things
French fries, French is mustard, French poodles, French toast, Mr. French, French kissing, I'm mandatory
French knots, Frenchie from Greece, chicken frenches, chicken cordon, blue, French dressing, pujaux, bouvieres, ripple ponds, ballet, metaline videos, braze, croissants, champagne, cheeses
Chanel, Catherine de Noob, Girardette, Parc du Choc Cousteau, Gaston from Beauty and the Beast, Boustieres, lingerie, moose, the dessert, not the animal
The French hat and his bon affete, Jonaparte, truffles, mimes, Maurice Chevalier, the French connection, Eiffel Tower stick and Jean Paul Gaultier, all-Bom-Pre, Jerry Lewis, Monet, Mattenay, Mona Lisa, Charles de Gaulle, kids in the hall, Perry A Water, Madam Tussauds Waxmuseum, Harry Girl and Girl Porn, Torno Roches, Brilless Languise Immersion Programs, Jolene Facial Bleef Systems, Floriel, Quenique, Lasurk, and Cirque de Soleil
Thank you. You're welcome. 664 votes on a poll on eoranges.com, which outspoken entertainer do you respect most for their views, viewpoints? None, they should all shut up. 233. 35%
Just dummy up. Michael Moore, 191. Charlton Heston, 37. Bill Mara, 32. Martin Sheen, 29. Dennis Miller, 24. Oh my God. Natalie Mainz of the Vixie, 621. Come on, buy a few CDs, please.
Paul Newman, 16. Susan Sarandon, 14. Ted Nugent, 12. Fred Thompson, 10. Jeanine Graffalo, 7. Charlie Daniel, 6. Sean Penna, Jesus, just change that. What the other is a small potatoes, okay?
Now this thing about Howard Spurm, did you read this before you sent it to me? Yeah. About how Howard Spurm is pro-war and pro-bush, and he doesn't understand these are the same people that we like to get him and me and all the off the air.
But anyway, and also says George, stop trying to clone yourself into another Neil, and you'll be a lot more appreciated. Got it?
Who off fill? Got it? What's your show sound like? Bye, bye, bye!
Daniel Roger Show, on 560.com, on QAN, by an eorange.
Kill some people.
