Good morning, Neil. I got everybody mad today. You think limbaugh was inhaling maybe a little bit of rush
Yeah, a little rush rush baby a little crack maybe some oxy. Yeah, he is his housemate has
You know she was wearing wire taps as she was selling him blues. He was patting her down
Padding her for wire taps
That's what some guy said new stories is some guy my shirt. They said he did some work at his house
I'm in Palm Beach and yet they made he made him wear surgical booties around his house says when his housekeeper quit
He became increasingly paranoid even patting her down for recording devices
He told me he was going in the air for detox for a second time and she says after he returned
I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit. He told me if it ever got out he would be ruined a row man
Oh, right. I guess it is what's such a mean spirited vile vulgar tub of crap like him
It's just beautiful to see all is coming down on his end now
I got the entire half of the sales staff here mad at me good
And you know what I line their pockets with money, but they blame me when they're not making money and I say blame the management not me
You know what I mean Neil know what do you mean? I mean that I'm not gonna you know, it's simple
How many people did I tell you today or after me?
But for the man so I'm just gonna let you know my protectors protect me right?
I don't know if he protects me but I need the sales department there a bunch of belly acres and winers and excuse makers
I
Look at this log today am I four hours now?
It's enough to make a grown man cry
Here's a guy said to me today one of the sales guys he goes you get your twenty five dollars every time you mention them
And I go you get your twenty five thousand you prick and I don't care about your
I don't care about his family. I care about mine and if the sponsor isn't paying me juice
Then I'm not there. I'm not their loyal frickin budding mouth
Yeah, I'm gonna be loyal to any sponsor until I get mine
How's that sales department is the sorry thought?
I think they got him out of a dumpster and Skippy was like a red on the bottom of the heat
Yes, right there right now outside ready to
He stalks me father really yeah, well tell him he's doing one hell of a job in my accounts
Not that he's a piece of crap. Okay. I'm gonna get look a broughtsy and fat wrist
I'm sorry, Neil. I can't I can't talk about crap on my shelf. Oh, can you can you take a crap?
Your contract that you're allowed to take one crap a month. I would it every day when you come on me
Crossover from now on if you could please you know
Just fart and poop as much as possible because I know you're
I'm not allowed to be you
Not allowed to do what you do, but you are so do it on my show to help my ratings
In fact, I just farted for real now just
For four hours about dumping in your pants so that you could like maybe just carry my that would make me I would go
Master, me now who's just a bat? Who's the interjecting there? I have no idea. I'm just excited about your pause then
Did you do what that was said for well? Oh, that was the beast
I'll see you in the next people that are in there trying to get me to hire today
Tubba crap. I got sales people that got a great cartoon. Do you see the sunset of this morning? No?
I don't read the paper ever good good move. Anyway, yeah, let me just tell you the good stuff
It's a cartoon from a P. P. Park and it shows somebody so called fans Marlins fans and
Here's the Huckster, you know the guy the salon a crap at a aisles and it says get your pre-tattered Marlins jerseys here
Look like you've been a fan all season and he's holding up a Florida Marlins jersey like all schmutzie
And it's got holes in it and here the fans with their money out there all whipped up and reaching out beautiful front running funny play
So I had your buddy Randy Molyron and men it ago
But he's wait a minute see you have a long time to understand. He's the team clown. He's the team mascot
He's not my buddy. I'm a silly person. I asked him if jigs was dead and actually doing the broadcasts and the answer is oh
Yeah, he's been dead 10 years
You'll have to be a good to pull who's worse Dave Ann boring or jugs McDonald
That might be a good one that I on your cell and he's pot fan
You know, I hope that jigs gets like pneumonia this year and they actually asked me to call some games because if there's one thing
I can do I miss suck, but I can call hockey game. I just know that but anyway the interesting part of
There's a lot of stuff about it after paranoid now because he's had guilty for the last two years
Greed that down his ass his old grizzled ass wanting to panther play by play radio job
They can't do it either. He's a good guy's after his job. Gellie's boring. I heard him call a game is boring. It's boring
Every time the league's boring
There's no list. They only got I mean I can't even
I can't even name one of them that's entertaining you're not can Joe Bowen now again. I think he's boring
They're all that I know you blow Joe Bowen and no
That's where I always stop the covers. You could you part some more so that I get up set Greg
It's the deal's the right to show we can fart
It's not a way skippy's it get the on the else as you blow as the salesman you suck your words
Listen on your account. You're a crap skippy. That way you've let all my stuff just vanish
You go to a damn thing and get back there with your head up screw and
Who the hell are you kid? Huh everybody in the sale for right that twirl like point
You have the whole like chain smokey at home. Oh probably out there selling drugs on a street corner lives during
441 he is a body of axes from the housewife of rush
I can need to be a favor in the on and blow some farts and poop
See you
And
a specially alright
With
You may be
We have listened to the costumes of theолнeling women viert steel and관al
right here. Attention, though, that heavy karma was bound to get you some
time. Like all the millions that clear channels.
Oh, hey, that's not the same. Maybe next you lose your eyesight. I don't
care. I love your balls for long.
Get lost, get lost, get lost.
Oh, hello, 7560. It's a great day, boys and girls.
Wow. Great day for the Irish and the Jews and the
others. Did you have any idea?
No, I didn't. When I rolled my fat ass out of bed this morning, I didn't even
realize that he had been forced to resign.
Shall we say we don't want to see who's can do it? No, because that that's just
isn't appropriate. Like, I'm sure they don't want to say oh we fired the
shoes, my sister, the brainstem. So he had ESPN films come to his home and they
filmed this whole thing and see I retired. I retired. Do you believe me? No.
Same thing with Rush. Retired my fat ass. No, they retired his fat ass.
Anyway, let's do yesterday's poll result here first before we get into this
because we got some heavy duty. I talked about this at length yesterday before it
became like really the thing to do is you're all over the country. And of course now,
what do I tell you?
A minimal response at our website yesterday. There's something really, really
amiss. Because they think it's a sports thing. It's not a sports thing. It's
partly ongoing political scenes. See, when I turn on like an entertainment show,
whether it's sports, whether it's a comedy show or sitcom, I don't want to be
indicted with politics. You know, we got to we're just drowning in a sea of
right wing propaganda in America. Who do I want that? So when you turn on a
pregame show for a sporting event or the game itself, the last thing anybody
in their right mind wants is some right wing or left wing asshole on there
making all kinds of socially irreparable statements in the bullcrap. And ESPN
took four weeks for him to get canned. I still wonder if this whole thing wasn't
just predetermined a big publicity stuff for the beginning. They probably didn't
count on the New York Daily News putting on a front page of the story about
his pill probe. The old pill probe, pop each county by the way is investigating.
They're leading the investigation. But nevertheless, we'll get back to that.
Yesterday's pool. I don't I am with you. I don't know what this second category
would goose that up a little bit. Should Neil accept Mohawar Davids' overtures
of peace and love. Absolutely. Absolutely not. We hate Mohawar 366 32% nearly
a third of this audience said don't even think about it you idiot. Yes, we
harmony it Q.A. Now that's I don't know that just seems out of character for
this crowd. 215 people said that 18.8%. Aren't you a little suspect? Maybe
there's a new eyebrows. Why should be asking you a question because then they
got it sent that anonymous facts in a mail will be upset like I'm talking to you
and I'm supposed to ignore you. Oh man. What a sour bunch of people. Anyway, yes,
we need harmony a Q.M. 215 only if Mo paints his vault spot 192 16.8% a lot of us
would pay to see that only if Neil has no self respect 191 16.7%. I have to
take that very seriously. Don't I? No. Huh? Yeah, whatever. Well, I mean, I'm the
one who made up the question. So it was like an invitation for them to say don't
you dare every video. And who's Mohawar David and 177 people just to be wise as
is that 15 and a half percent said who's Mohawar David? Everybody knows Mo. Absolutely.
Right. Nobody don't know Mo. Not no. Mo. You think? No. Nobody know. Don't
no. Mo. No. No. That's right. That's what I'm thinking. So there you go. Over 1100 votes
on yesterday's poll. But they weren't too crazy about it. They wanted to be. I don't
know what they wanted. And of course, they don't know what they want. So here go. Limbaugh
resigns from NFL show. Does anybody really believe that he voluntarily resigned? No.
No. I mean, the Schmidt really hit the fan yesterday because the one thing you
don't do on national television is make any kind of a statement that's like racially
insensitive. You just don't do it because you know what happens if you do it, you get
your aspired. Hmm. You get canned. And I believe you mean he wasn't doing like a comedy
thing. He isn't known for satire and comedy to say the very best. And you can see that
if you watch the tape that was listening to the audio was one thing but seeing the way
he presented it, it was obvious it was like pre-plan. It was like scripted. He planted
it ahead of time. Here was the bomb. Oh, sorry, FRL. Here's the bomb. Who's going to drop
on the public? Oh, this is a lot of equipment. He's not really that good. The media has been
praying for a black quarterback. Where's that story? I got where's the thing about the op?
I hope I didn't Schmidt can it. Oh, no. Oh, I did. From the Atlanta, I'll have to get that again.
There were seven quarterbacks started in the NFL the other day and there were two other
regular black quarterbacks who didn't start because they were injured. So that's nine.
How do you like that? But the media has been looking to play up a black quarterback because
it's a racial thing. And once again, you know, and then I hear Tucker with his bow tie,
I say, it'll pans you on CNN crossfire. Well, the liberal, you know, the liberals always
with their affirmative action and their racial diversity. All of a sudden, what does that have to
do with it? It's a stupid ball game, you asshole. Pathetic. He's ripping a guy because,
well, he's black and he's not good enough. But the media wants to pretend he is because they want
a panty to the dark folks, the discharges. What kind of crap is that? So rush gets canned.
And that's only the beginning of his problems. We'll get to that pill story momentarily. Aren't you
excited? There is so much going on today. I'm squeezing myself and we got something else going
on at noon. Today, we got a big van hit with our best ideal merchandise and there's very
a marginally popular Mohawar David of Keychains for abandoned pet rescue. No until two was
Joe Costello and the lovely Miguel, they'll be at Riva Yamaha 3671 North Dixie highway and
Pompato Beach. They'll be there together. I haven't been informed yet who's going to be on top.
And here's the deal. They have five pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper and concerted Pompato
Beach amphitheater and eight pair of tickets to the Panther Lightning Exhibitionist game at the
Yetha Center, this Saturday the 4th of October. So there you go for the first, I guess,
mix and match for the first 13 people to make a donation to abandon pet rescue and get some of our
nifty, nifty CDs and other merchandise. 1013 at 560 WQM if you don't have a good mattress,
you're not sleeping worth a crap. Man, your back will tell you, your back will be sore and you'll
be sore about it. Don't get sucked into one of those sales from the betting and the furniture stores
now because they can't even come close. What they do is they double the price, then they cut it
in half and say, hey, look at what a big sale is. And the prices are still higher than your every
day, 365 the year prices of dial amacres. For a real discount, prices on dozens of great models from
the top names in the universe, this is the way to do it. Pick up the phone and call dial amacres.
They got them all. Seely, sir, the temperate, extremance, king, choral, stern, and foster,
hew it. No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no false promises, no full
knee sales. Then they give you a service like your only dream about because when you call dial amacres
at 1-800-MACres, you really, honestly and legitimately, it sounds too good to be true, but they do.
Do you pick the day in time for delivery? Any two, I wonder what it's convenient for you when
you're asked is going to be home. Noon two, one to three, five to seven, whatever, eight in the
morning till 10 p.m. any day, seven days a week, you'll be sleeping like a child the very first
night. I've been sleeping on a mattress and dial amacres for years and look what a picture of
health I am, you should be doing the same. With low prices, same day delivery, if you set up
in Louisville, it's easy to see why dial amacres is ranked the best in the world in customer
satisfaction. So look at Con, don't get sucked in by those mattress, show them or furniture
store ads. They can't come close to dial amacres every day deals. Pick up the phone, call them right
now, they'll be at your door in no time at all, 1-800-MACRUS. That's the number to call 1-800-MATTRES
or online it's mattress.com.
My name is Neil Moore, we're sports radio five season, UAM.
Oh, holy mackenon, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs and you're listening
to the hockey authority, Neil.
This is Rush Wimbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talk Show Host, Hemroyd Suffer. Folks with over 300
pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's
help. With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories, now you can end the
pain and it's ring of Hemroyd will teach you just for my picture on the box of Suppositories
and the applicator tube, another fine product from OIB, the obesity and broadcasting of the work.
Marlins in a playoffs and after a great season, what's your take? We've got five categories here,
now don't lie, okay, it's just anonymous pool, don't lie to try to make yourself feel better.
I mean just tell it like it is for once in your lives, okay? Be honest, I've been a real fan all
along. I'm a recent fan, I'm just jumping on the bandwagon, I don't give a crap about the
Marlins or hey, Neil, I still don't give a shmit about sports. There's five excellent choices for
you, touching all the game last night. Do you realize did you watch any of that? Yep.
First inning is when he lost the game and in my mind I said to myself, there were head too
nothing, they have the bases loaded and nobody out and they don't score any more runs, three straight
strikeouts, Eric Caros may have had the worst at bat in the history of baseball. Even some swishy
little picture could have had a better at bat than that. It was the worst at bat with a bases loaded,
they wound up not scoring anymore and I said to myself, they had a chance to put the game away
right there, they had a braves on the ropes, gasping for oxygen and when you let them off the
hook like that, you always lose the game 99 times out of 100. Is the harbinger of things to come?
It was bad. Very well put. They heard that, George. A harbinger of things to come. Pretty good
like that. It was rush. I think the ESPN thing with rush is the harbinger of things to come. He
must have heard somebody else say that. But yeah, well, it's just a sports cliche, but that's why he
said it. Of course, he would know about sports cliches because you hate sports. Watch it,
which is probably why they hate you. Now what's going on here is they must be a vote non-there. Oh,
real fan all along. Eight. Okay. I don't give a crap about the Marlon six. He knew I still don't
don't give a Schmidt about sports six. I'm just jumping on a bad way in five and I'm a recent fan.
One. Well, that's five like that. Five people honest enough. That's what I voted. Although,
I'm not really that's the only category I could. I'm not really on the bandwagon. I'm not rooting
for them or against them. I just I think it's nice for the community. Something good and exciting
is happening now. Something for people to cling on to, all the clingons in South Florida,
where somebody bad and embarrassing and humiliating things happen with such great regularity,
like the Chad thing and the alien thing and just about anything else you can think of. Oh, man.
And all the illegal aliens floating up on sure every day. That kind of an antipote,
the aroma that's kind of lingers over a dead county anyway. And there's now seat. I thought
only a spat people used to see, but there's like seeping into brown and to pomb each. But even in
the store now, there's a whole bunch of mitochondries and cheese. There's those top of them. Limbo
resigns from NFL show. That's the I didn't even know about this. I'm sitting here this morning. I
didn't know he'd can't they can't I mean, he resigned his fat ass. They can't. Can't ask. Yeah,
can't fat ass. Anybody want about 20 pounds in the wake of his controversial statements regarding
Eagles quarterback, Donovan McNabb. Rush Limbo has resigned from his position on ESPN Sunday NFL
countdown pregame show ESPN has accepted the resignation with Glee. I'm sure they're sure they
were dancing. They said, uh, resign now or else. And he wrote it out and signed it and they said,
okay, thank you. Limbo issued a statement late last night, which he wrote. My comments this past
Sunday were directed at the media were not racially motivated. Right. I offered an opinion. The opinion
has caused discomfort to the crew, which I regret. I love NFL Sunday countdown. Don't want to be
a distraction to the great work done by all who work on it. Therefore, I've decided to resign to
which we say, all right. I appreciate the opportunity to be part of the show and wish all the best of
those who make it happen. End of quote. Greg Boad, Boddenheimer, president of ESPN ABC Sports issue
the following response. He said, thank God. No, he didn't say that. I bet you did though.
Under his breath. He said, we have sent his resignation and regret the circumstances surrounding
this. We believe that he took the appropriate action to resolve this matter expeditiously.
Oh, man. The comments referenced by Limbo. Okay, well, we already know about them.
Negative ration didn't come immediately, but on Tuesday, McNad pulled a Philadelphia daily news.
It said that you've got to go to skin color. I thought we were through with that whole deal. I
thought that was like a old step in fetch it and anchorman. Mama stuff. From there, the fire
storm spread quickly. Democratic presidential candidates, Wesley Clark, that's general,
Wesley Clark to you. We've heard the dean. What? We tired. That's retired. General, Wesley Clark to you.
Former Vermont governor, not so retired. Howard Dean and Reverend Al Sharpton. He's got a title.
Call for ESPN to fire Limbaugh. Others into both political and athletic circles also
lashed out at Limbaugh's comments. Who is that that said? Athletic. Who said that? I saw some
you say that actually right on camera this morning and I just about poop my pants. Oh, I can't say
that. Can't do it. I can't think about it. Oh, no, that's for all that can't do the poop thing.
I can do it. I can poop all I want. Let's see. Stutter McGill and Homestead already has a
commentary on here. He says the rush postman is just a self promoting you know, I think that
our whole audience at noon yesterday turned over to flush. I really believe that happened. Do you?
Yes. I'm serious. Remember it noon the phones like we're like all of a sudden died and then the
one to two hour. I enjoyed it. What do you are? I played a lot of good stuff. But the website
was like deadly. It says rush must be coming out with a new book or something. Get this knuckle
head in the white house where he belongs. That's excellent. Nice go on. Stutter.
McGill. Anyway, Kozand is saying the National Association of Black Euron List also called for ESPN
to separate itself from Limbaugh from this right wing hateful racist piece of scum. ESPN's credit.
It just didn't make any. You know what this made about as much sense to put him on there as it
did for Dennis Miller to be on money that football, which also played a gigantic egg. Sure.
This is the desperation that these sports networks are going to because they're looking for
another Howard Cozell and like I've told you a million times that they're ain't going to find
another Howard Cozell. There is no other Howard Cozell. You know, I mean Howard Cozell was a
and quite to the contrary of making racist comments. He was good buddies with your
co-host personal friend, Muhammad al-Khalif-Lawar Ali. Shake it up. Yeah, he, well he is shaking it.
ESPN's credibility as a journalism entity is at stake in a BG,
National Association of Black Euron List president Herbert Lowe said in the news release.
He doesn't make a good TV that low TV is fabulous. It needs to send a clear signal that the
subject of race and equal opportunity are taking seriously at its news outlets.
McNabb also provided more reaction yesterday. It's somewhat shocking to hear that on
National TV from him. McNabb said it's not something that I consider and say it won't bother me.
Limbott turned down request to appear on Sports Center yesterday, but earlier in the day on
a syndicated radio talk show, he refused to back down because he's a pompous ass. He lies a lot.
He slanders everybody under the sun from the Clinton study buddy. You can name. We don't agree with
his right wing views. He says all this has become the tempest that it is because I've been right
about something he said. If I wasn't right, there would be there wouldn't be this
cocafony of by the way the word mow is cocafony. There wouldn't be this cocafony. He was mispronouncing
it all. There wouldn't be this cocoa foamy of outrage that sprung up at the Sports Rider community.
He made it a wrong one. That's a movie. When's the night ESPN issued a statement that in part
where we've communicated to Mr Limbott those comments were insensitive and inappropriate. His
resignation was officially announced just before midnight last night towards everybody with a brain
says yeah all right you fact-tub-a-crap you jackass and it serves them right that it blow up
under the face in the first place because like I said it didn't make any sense. Anybody with a
child could have told you what do they want to put some right wing bombastic political commentator
some Nazi bastard on there to spout right wing hateful crap what the hell is that got to do with
football on the price of rights right yeah but don't confuse them with the facts and then of course
we got the pill popping that's the story from the Daily News which I'll get into a great length
here momentarily because you know ordinarily anybody in the business you feel for it but in his case
because he's such a venomous hate mongering sack of crap and because he lies so much what's
that one of the book about the Rush Limbaugh as a big fat liar something like that huh you know
the one I mean I do but I don't know that like documents about 80,000 of his 30 million lies 1026
at 560 it's a great thing like that one email they got it to see it in there it says boy we got
Rush Limbaugh forced off ESPN and we got a Republican scandal at a White House so what more could
Democrats and liberals want to which we say yeah it's about time and nobody's getting no blow jobs
either that we know of yet yet yeah although to be honest with that whole thing on the pregame show
on ESPN that was a two hour blow job yes see even mad dog knows about it 26 after 10 at 560 WQM if
you've got a gigantic ball spot on your head you can either do nothing about it like me because in my
case it's gonna make a difference not not really but in your case a lot of you guys out there who
under the age of 100 younger than me it probably can make a big difference for you so you have many
many choices because everybody's an expert now everybody's a prover and expert they've all got
some answer to your baldness problems they got pills they want to study and then of course you
keep taking them and taking you suffer the injuries side effects and then you find that nothing's
happening on top of your head to really propish you off and then you got those awful mousey looking
pieces like the one that mow wears that is the life and stock of the community in the sand Donaldson
piece and the Dennis Cousinage piece and the Aaron Brown thing it looks like it's gonna crawl down
the side of his head right there on camera if you want to look better and younger than you ever
dreamed you possibly could again if you want to say goodbye to your bald spot call my good buddy Charles
Alfie Erie because his natural hairline system is the most amazing available in the world at any price
and it's affordable too that's right if you mention the Arrige's when you call it you get next to
200 bucks off that already low price so when you got to lose beside a shiny ugly bald spot
that makes you look old and ugly and everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee you have nothing
loose but the bald spot because if after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
if you're not warm and cozy and fuzzy then Charlie gives you a cozy you'll get your 30 day money back
etc here's the deal call them toll free 1 800 321 24 13 see I'm just a euphoric today I'm so excited
about this rush thing I'm I'm sniffing it right now 1 800 321 24 13 that's the number of
callers new obligation to give you free consultation and show you how stupid is they can make you look
or check them out of the web at Charles Alfie Erie dot com or is there close personal friend bald
for us right for it says Charles Alfie Erie dot com
oh
this is 420 oh five six two way m
oh
all right
the Rogers are sports whole radio w two a.m.
today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity
and understanding dear white folk couple of things you ought to know when I'm born I'm black
when I grow up I'm black when I get sick I'm black when I go out in the sun I'm black
when I go out in the cold I'm black when I get scared I'm black and when I die I'm still black
but you my white man when you're born you're pink when you grow up you're white
when you get sick you are green when you go out in the sun you go red and when you get cold
you turn blue when you get scared you turn yellow and the happiest time of my life is when white
people die you turn purple and you've got the damn nerve to call me culling
1032 at 560 wqm he sure got away with words that Louis Ferrican there's another one by the way
you ever see him and rush together no better take a couple of calls before we get into our
pill popping here's four lottery hello yes sir sorry about that bro how you doing man okay
I really haven't chance to listen to you I'm sure you're talking I just
last few minutes you've been talking about that rush deal but you know I despise that guy probably
more than a lot of people on this earth but I just can't understand the fear over what he said I
mean you could you could you could you could you could you could you could you could you could you
you could you can't say anything you can't say nigga you can't say this you know you're talking
to people it's ridiculous even if you say so in other words if you went on a year and said
Donovan McNabb was the lame nigger you to thought that would have been okay too well
honestly yeah yeah be good have a nice life 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 he doesn't understand
well right by the way they get the hood on straight the meeting tonight eight o'clock 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Ferrican wireless line he's the biggest is you believe anything that he
just said no he's a ditto head he's an idiot mm-hmm here's Miami hello hello
yes sir hey I've got clear eye for the NFL that's got to be on instead of rush
well we're getting so see that can we get he standing here to hear the response from the audience
about this and since this is being talked about all over the world today this is the big story
and so far we're too to do we're batting a thousand too do do I'll make the call here's a Delray
Beach hello yeah see if we can keep this week going yes sir good morning sir yeah I just had to
call you because I am deriving sexual excitement at his whole rush limbaugh thank sports work me too
if there was ever a person who deserve to who deserve it to be knocked down not one peg but
several it would have to be this guy I let do listen to his show occasionally and the same
life that this man spews it's unbelievable how he gets over 20 million listeners per day is
beyond me I don't forget Arnold is eight points ahead in California so that should give you a pretty
good clue right there yeah yeah yeah I've spoken to you tons of times and about how um Americans can
be and whatnot and of course in a rush of place when he starts spewing at that right wing hey keep
in mind one word redneck okay America like I keep trying to tell you is loaded with red
next millions and millions and millions of rednecks what I want to hear though is how he somehow
gonna tie his resignation from ESPN to the Clinton presidency because everything that happens with
this country at all according to him goes back to Bill Clinton so I'm trying to get Hillary to I
think Hillary made him do it yeah I'm just curious I'm actually gonna tune into that swell and
just to catch the spin that he's gonna place upon it but I like you I'm sitting here driving with a
chubby buddy okay I love you Neil squeeze it hard pal I have a great fight you gotta have a friend
what he said he's driving with a chubby buddy he's driving with his chubby buddy yeah maybe he likes
the queen sickle like Moe absolutely by the way Nadine says wow great more than expected from Clark
and small village that's where I hate to break the news to Nadine I forgot all about it I'd
you know out of sight out of my didn't see it George saw it it said Clark is hot and the show
didn't let me down I like the bad Clark and we can all agree on that Nadine what do you think are
we on the same page we're on the same page but I can't see it till Sunday when they do to repeat
they're on it though what do they call it uh easy view I don't know what you call it right there
in front of your face they say hey see this see how easy it was to view that says love the computer
because it brings me closer to you thank you Nadine and I'll check it out on Sunday because they
are only good things about it I hear it was a real eye popper oh there's that thing with
poppers again we'll be talking about rush I can't wait to get to this New York daily news column
but we got so many great calls on here you know it really makes you kind of like twist between a
heart is that the Pat Boone book twist 12 and 20 I think he touched it once when he's
sticking it over to it yeah he got no the name of that yeah yeah the book by Russell Imboys rushes
a big fat liar and other observations by our favorite Al Franken right see there you go I know it
and Toyota rushes a big fat lying divisive racist piece of crap who's out of a job on a SPM
but it's still making millions because he's on more than 650 radio stations all across the country
because there are lots and lots and lots and lots of rednecks and like I said yeah just like this
last guy hates him like poison but he's gonna be tuning in to hear what he says see that that's sad
that's pathetic and a lie you don't have to tune in to see what he says because he already said
yesterday he apologizes for nothing and uh he stands by what he said and he must have said something
right to get everybody off his stuff because he don't make mistakes you know he's like Mr. Weaver
he don't make mistakes here's Miami Beach hello hello right yes sir uh hi yeah I was calling
a couple things I wanted to talk about number one I mean I don't like rush and I think he's uh
you know but I don't think he's a racist to be honest with you but I don't like his
format so I've never listened to him yeah and I do believe there's definitely a double standard
in the way they uh cover this you know like for instance we had a couple things in the paper with
dusty bakers comments and going back a little further when Isaiah Thomas made the comment about Larry
Bird you know being he's getting all the attention because he's a white guy you know people don't
seem to be offended by something like that but on the other hand every time that there's any type
of black uh remark made you know right away you know people want them to be fired and I just thought
the guy was expressing his opinion like he does on his radio show a lot of times people agree with
it a lot of times they owe well let me let me say this to you okay if that really is his opinion
then it goes to show you that he's totally unqualified to be on a pregame show on ESPN or any
other place because the the facts that he was studying are so ludicrous the idea that number one
Donovan McNabb isn't a good quarterback which is bullcrap number two that the media's desperate to
try to prop up a good black quarterback when there were seven starting quarterbacks on Sundays
games who were black and he NFL and two who would have been starting except they were injured I mean
it's just idiotic and I mean so so to go out of it see that's not his role that's not what they
put in there for uh so to go on that national TV and to make a obnoxious inaccurate comment like
that they're not gonna get they're not gonna they're not ready to take the fallout from that
he's based on the press he was making a reference to that the press wanted him more than the actual
look at the case so what are you doing now is repeating exactly what he said that was his quote you
repeat exactly what he said about the world the body world they all there every time there's a
white challenger there's a big thing to do with the white the gray white hope the press has a
lot to do with it I believe that the press was looking for a star black quarterback oh so
get lost you're here crazy person you know what we're hearing from now but to ditto heads oh well
we don't like rusher we can't stand a button these starts repeating just like that one line to give
me a minute ago about whatever the hell was it direct quote from what he said the other day
the press is looking for a great black quarter and and who are these people in the press I
wondered do we know who they are no that guy there yeah bill press god almighty I mean I hear
some desperation to try to like defend the indefensible effect is that the guys a big bag of
wind he talks crap there was absolutely no truth whatsoever to the statement that he made a right
there it's like saying hey I'm not qualified to be on here I'm like some kind of a schmuck who talks
politics all the time who happens to my football on Sundays like everybody else and that's it I
don't have any idea what I'm talking about so I'll make it into some kind of a racially divisive
thing and they said oh well goodbye because like I just said they're not going to take the heat from
that kind of crap which really it goes to show it they're the ones ABC and ESPN they're the ones
who blew it because they shouldn't have put them on in the first place which I just got through
saying 20 minutes ago because they shouldn't know that something like this was going to happen was
there any doubt no it's just a matter of time the fact that it took four weeks is the only miracle
in all this from the blow it all up they know him for what he is and what he always has been and
whether he's gigantic and fat or there he is right now in any way diminishing of anybody it's
just an opinion and to me being honest is what's called for the situation like anybody can you know
phony it up and offer platitudes and cliches and so forth and that's not me and I figured if I'm
going to do this I'd better be who I am and that's what they wanted and they were vigorously defending
but what happened was that some of my cast members began to be made to feel uncomfortable by
the press of others who couldn't believe that they had not responded to what I said so the
path of least resistance became for me to to resign right do we believe you resign no no
don't do rest under his dress to really what that was down to is that the other people on the
show didn't want to be sitting there with his fat ass with his obnoxious disgusting ass that's
what it was down to I mean the guy does have a legitimate point in one sense and that is that if
you make a racist comment against black people in America you're certainly going to get a separate
standard then if you make a an anti white statement a statement that somehow us but but we already
know that going in that's an established fact and has nothing to do with the fact that this guy's
a long long history of being a bigoted obnoxious right wing piece of turd okay who we should let
me say it again shouldn't have been on there in the first place he belong there like George
belong there right am I right only difference being that George don't know nothing about it but
he admits it damn straight eight no 18 to 11 at 560 WQM here's some straight stuff from our good
friends at Hall of the I always give you the straight poop oh I can't say that the 2003 meal
Rogers blowout sale is still going on at Hall of Pontiac GMC Canada only said you can't even do
it no mo if the lowest prices in town from Tom Leibon and Joe Prieto and Hall of the right now
here's special Neil deal number one waiting on you save up to seven grand with the highest
rebates of the year plus deep discounts at all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon and the
Onvoy XL Neil deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years and listen to this you can
lease a fully loaded 2004 grand pre GT for really 250 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000
miles a year and 25 hundred bucks out of pocket Tom and Joe invite you to test drive any vehicle on
the lot and get two tickets to today's Miami Hurkain West Virginia game I guess you better
do it right now. Hurrian cars supplies are limited and time is running out and of course
how it's also got a fantastic selection to certify Prieto cars trucks and SUVs and like I always tell
you if you're a little bit nervous shopping for a car or truck because your credit's a little
on the smarmy side maybe you used to hang out with a gurlry man here's the deal credit is never
a problem in Hall of the because they want to get you a deal done they'll do it for you it's the 2003
blowout sale going on right now at Hallock Pontiac GMC 134-01 South Fixie Highway that's US-1
across from the falls open every day seven days a week for complete info on these Neil deals call
the Neil deal hotline it's a tool free call 1-885-3442-11 that's 1-885-3442-11 don't forget all
Neil deals subject credit approval see our buddies at Hallock Fort details at Hallock Pontiac GMC
will be professional great
Drudge back in Arnold Schwarzenegger is wife and my good friend Maria Shriver are giving her
first ever interviewed together in Arnold okay right not all the stories about womanizing
absolutely and yeah I think that's pretty fair to say I mean many times many days yeah that's
true I would never done it if I wouldn't have had to support of Maria well you know she's a
Kennedy woman and they always look the other way right I have been bred to look the other way yeah
and Maria has been the best you know I'm not going to stand in your way you have to do what you
need to do Arnold on the floor and while sexual experiences when we come back okay
here's something to come back yeah he's got a don't promise they still gonna win that's the next
governor of California and other women are saying hey guess what he was a grab in our ass we got
that story a little later this fast that you just said he's really pretty good it says it well
says I fasted before about my opinions toward Rush which I know you share he just spews his right
when conservative opinions based on falsehood that audience of lemmings follows blindly
nevertheless I'm not sure why he resigned or why Disney ESPN would want him to resign he
wears his opinions on his sleeve they knew what they were getting into when they hired him if they
truly wanted just a regular uh Joe viewpoint of football they could have hired anybody they brought
him in for his followers to increase ratings to compete with Fox NFL pregame show he's built the
audience for the things he says case in point his liberal media vashing comments this past Sunday
if he doesn't make these comments ESPN loses the increased audience can you imagine what the ratings
would have been this Sunday if he were still on train wreck TV that's what the what will he say next
why would ESPN not the pinnacle of high-bar journalism want that type of attention why wouldn't
they it says it would be different of these comments came from a different personality but they
were from Rush what did the public Disney or ESPN expect and that's a good fact because like I just
said I blame not him I blame them for hiring them and putting them around the first place
and you know what reminds me of what when you know what it's like QAM hiring Scott
for well and putting them on for 8% huh what a tie in based on anything I see I see a perfect
parallel there sure they they know exactly what he does these they know his track record they know
the kind of radio that he does they encourage him be yourself have a good time do your thing
and then every time somebody out there far they're oh well he can't play far it's on the air he
can't say this he can't do that because uh one or two wingnuts out there to god damn audience
and right away to come down on his head if you put somebody on and you say hey do your thing
and we're behind you we're gonna go with you then then you're the only ones you can blame can't
blame my him even though I am taking great personal delight in it plus the pill story
no I am because if anybody deserves you are the only thing about what comes around goes around
sure that's the case with him and it's so pathetic all these ditto heads all these lemmings
what is this thing oh I know a few deer rush how about a nice big cup of shot the F up I think
before you say something stupid love Donovan McNamara I think you could point out of ensure
lighten up a little bit since yesterday didn't like them at night have a lovely head hard
hat hard to ask them a hard hat here's Fort Lauderdale hello here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey
yeah how you doing buddy okay palie hey listen um I think you're jealous they rush Limbaugh yeah
and I how do you like those packies and indians and Chinese up in Toronto there
love the eyes smell real good asshole just like your asshole and by the way thanks for listening
to the number one rated Neil Rogers show that beats rush air be damn book and has for years here's
pepper of pine hello hey Neil you're absolutely right on this rush thing but it's more than it's
more than just red next it's those red states going back to the 2011 right right that's what I was
talking about just look at the map the ideas and ideals of rush with those followers from those red
states that's how my uncle Sidney went to Germany his uncle Sidney and came out of the lampshade this
is the process it's disgusting yeah these guys ideals are you know rushes poison out there and
yes being I don't know what they were getting in through well like I said if they wanted to put
them on in the first place they should know that was going to hit the jackpot and other like you know
have on their pants and have a great day and say hi to uncle Sidney by the way when you turn the lights
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 to see the thing of it is this business all the media was trying to
I mean any kind of a moron that would say that and they're just quoting him which all the right
wingers do by the way this quote whatever is in the latest pamphlet or latest the thing in the
paper from the right wing hero they that's why they come ditto heads let me say it again Donna
Bade McNeath was to three straight pro balls took consecutive NFC championship games he was
finalist for the NFL MVP award his first full season is a starting quarterback and yet that wow
no it's the media trying to make them look good because they want to their desperate to try to make
a black quarterback look good just on the face of it you've got to be a moron to make a statement
like that so obviously it was contrived and maybe maybe this is what he thought they wanted him to
do who the hell knows you know why else would they put them on there this is that they're be cast
or milked oh no so even though it may sound like I'm defending him which I find like I want to choke
on it trying to do that but the fact of the matter is I don't blame him I blame them for putting his
ass on or it ludicrous everyone they were talking about it last year in fact they were going to
put him on instead of Dennis Miller on ABC remember that yes and then they decided not of course ABC
and the SPN are the same anyway just desperate for another Howard Coastel ain't gonna happen once in
a in a in a blue moon maybe once in history comes along guy like Howard Coastel don't tell Dave Johnson
okay here's Dante in focus is you probably were going to do it already but please read the
rush articles over the record music I love it oh okay well yeah when we get to the pill one
here's one that says Rush Limbaugh deserves to be publicly punished but I find totally unfairs
that he's held accountable for a sports commentary he's a total abomination but once again his
spew to his trivialize compared to what he's done in the past he needed to be publicly chastised
humiliated for his political propaganda as it took place in the political arena but America couldn't
seem to pay does this is a good point America couldn't seem to pay attention to his venom until
it appeared in the sports entertainment arena just this would have been much better served if he
had been taken down in the real world arena that's the American effin way that's a great facts thank
you good point excellent day man yeah and I'm not stupid guy not even during a ballgame on a
pre-game show on a cable network ESPN which is watched by a few million a good beer guzzling goofballs
like Scott 145 votes on this pool with the marlins in the playoffs and after a great season what's
your take honest answers please I'm a recent fan nine pain you like still don't give a shmit
about sports 22 I'm just jumping on a bad wagon 31 thanks for your refreshing honesty it's a
breath of a stale air I don't give a crap about the marlins 32 and I've been a real fan all along
51 35.1% do we believe that no you believe that no 35% of this audience and because we've done
these polls before now where were the real fans then that 35.1% of this audience was really Marlon
fans does anybody with an IQ larger than their scroat believe that no no no it's more than the stadium
holds you're you're right that's right well they but yeah now you're assuming that they think being
a real fan means they actually pay for it they can take this means that they watch it for free on
TV like in sarnia believes you know what I'm sure you're real fan not that you lend your tangles
to support let's see here's the one that says facts rush it's got it's spelled out the letters
rush daddy for right wing you uber s Schmidt Schmidt head right wing uber Schmidt head that's
pretty good or should it be right wing a goober Schmidt head goober I like it our other poll after
we get the board with this one later it's going to be someone you think is an asshole but you
enjoy their work now maybe rush will make that we'll have to wait to see if anybody nominates him
somebody you think is an asshole but you enjoy the work I made a short list of four and a new
added one I did Clark Richard Dawson Neil Rogers Mohawar David and Billy Bob Thornton was yours
right so we'll get to that eventually as soon as we get tired of the Marlon thing as soon as
the quick line I mean we spun you that question here's a lady and Davie hello hi I cannot believe
how hypocritical you're being when you talk about convolisa rice like you do yeah I think that's
insane you sit there and say she's a she's a token higher she's a schwa the way you talk all the time
you think you could have been on that show and that's what I think I can't read you my hysterical
right wing friend and I have no idea why you listen to this radio show but let me say it anyway
no I listen to you because why I'm not a lot to listen to you no no I want but we obviously
make a choice why do you listen hey I was in the car no no no no we haven't talked about
I think I think it's extraordinary what do you listen to this show you think that you could
have done I win them it's a very simple question why do you choose why do you calm down and take
a breath you hysterical crazy person why do you choose to listen to this program I listen to it
because I listen to all points of you am I not allowed to do that well first of all the
convolisa thing isn't just a point of view it's a satire the song was a satire okay but there's
truth that you you swore to very easily you get all the time I only use I use a lot of words
because this is a part of the show is a comedy show and you are just because you know you're
you know you're I don't get that if you're if you were a lot and you just weren't if you said
that thing you would be a racist but it's comedy you know what lady you are hysterical take
to get to from rush okay give a couple of them pills pop it all we don't stand up because they
have a habit of falling out god man oh man that makes me so happy to be a fag if you had any idea
shrill hysterical women just foaming at the mouth good god I think they're doing the
daisy chain thing is that what it is they're calling each other out they never listen oh I don't
know but no but she listens you know and I even mentioned the kind of leas of thing yesterday and
it's a classic example we get pressured like you wouldn't even believe to take that thing off the
ear and also that kiss and nigger good morning which was a parody based on that book on nigger which
was written by the prophet the Kennedy professor from Harvard who happened to be a black guy Randall
Kennedy or whatever his name was wasn't that it yeah but oh no you're being racist the audience
I've been under here for almost 30 years in his town the audience knows why I use these words
and what the point is because the more you use the word I put you the submitted times you de-sensitize
it doesn't make it a weapon anymore if you hear a word over and over again words don't kill anybody okay
words don't kill anybody kikes do that was George words don't kill anybody's fix too
at any rate boy she is just out of control oh you're being so critical about it if she was
starting to get so sure I thought she was been like break the goddamn speakers and everybody's
radio just take two of them good pills like rush alone you some of them oxy-contains and calm down
okay it'll make the pain go away which we had something to pop right now make the pain of her
hysteria go away I'll just like hot it you have any idea how hypercudy means it I can't believe it
yeah just like that wow careful yeah that'll be really good or spinning she'll probably be going
to the high spin cycle any second for that now that's on the that's on what you call
bill or Riley show the high spin cycle 1057 at 560 wdc you have all the crazy right wingers all
the time and they just can't handle it that their hero has been has been trashed and that he's
coming down he's coming down it won't be an earthquake it'll be rush hitting the ground that's
the sound hitting the ground and he's cheaper by the pound if you're looking to replace that tired
old carpeting in your home let me tell you about laminets arouss they're the easy low maintenance
alternative to natural wood flooring laminets arouss is the best place to find laminated wood flooring
from the top names in a binnest perid or pergol wilson art uniform and quickstep and all of
laminets arouss flooring is installed by pergol certified installers too here's another
reason why you should be calling laminets arouss their prices will absolutely they're so low
so astonishing so shocking they will absolutely floor you now you can get their fall special for
just 1495 bucks that's right just 1495 dollars gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful
lamina wood flooring it is positively unreal in laminets arouss will make any legitimate written
off for two for a free and home estimate call laminets arouss tool free 1 877 777 3336 what could
be simpler they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years
in years of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring call laminets arouss today tool free at 1 877 777 33 36
440 oh by city
all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the
right folks isn't all established rule but during
national brother to eat national brother to eat lean a horn and sheriff Clark are dancing
cheap to cheap funds to you'll a gyre's the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school
all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks
hate all of your folks it's American as apple pie but during national brother to eat
national brother to eat new yorkers love the ques or weekends cause it's very cheap step up and
shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try
all the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus
hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but during national brother to eat national brother
to eat kids national everyone smile at one and other hood week be nice to people who are
inferior to you it's only for a week so have no fear be grateful that it doesn't last all year
top radio tight and rush limbaugh formerly of espn's pregame show is being investigated
allegedly buying thousands of addictive painkillers from a black market drug ring reports
this morning's New York Daily News in a front page ex-Bose the moralizing motor mouth was
turned in by his former housekeeper who say she was limbaugh's pill supplier for four years
will Mcline 42 since limbaugh was hooked on the potent prescription drugs
oxy cotton lore set and hydrocone hydrocodone and went through detox twice
there were times when i was worried Klein called the national inquiry to store in an addition
being published today all these pills are enough to kill an elephant
never mind a man Klein couldn't be reached before the comment yesterday but a returning ed
show head of mine he said his client stands behind the story the Daily News independently confirmed
that limbaugh is under investigation his attorneys jury Fox and Dan Zachary refused to come
out on the accusations and said any medical information about him was private and not newsworthy
they said limbaugh who has a top-rated syndicated radio show but resigned early from a weekly espn
football segment of criticism of racial comments about filled up the Eagles quarterback
Donald M. McNabb was traveling and had no comment just like his brother was on CNN yesterday what
else is named I don't know David Limbaugh launched him a bogey yeah summer right when
who wrote a book that he's peddling but of course he was busy traveling to and didn't know any
details so we also had no comment the Palm Beach County State Attorney's office which is running
the probe said it couldn't confirm or deny the allegations fine told the inquirer she went to
prosecutors but information about limbaugh and others after four years of drug deals that included
clandestine handoffs in a Denny's parking lot she said that she wore a wire during her
last food leverage to the conservative commentator and gave the tapes to authorities she also
gave the inquirer a ledger documenting how many pills she claimed to have bought for him 4,350
in one 47 day period and emails she claimed libbaugh center in one misive limbaugh pushed
client to get more little blues co-ferociate cotton the powerful narcotic nicknamed hillbilly
hero when she said you know how this stuff works the more you get used to the more it takes
oh that's what Sarah said too the May 2000 food email reads but I will try and cut down to help out
the account clive gave the inquirers that she became limbaugh's drug connection in 1998
nine months after taking a housekeeping job at his Palm Beach mansion it started after her husband
David heard himself in a fall and limbaugh asked how he was he asked me casually is he getting
any pain medication I said yes he said surgery in the doctor gave him a hydrocodone 750 client
said to my astonishment he said can you spare a couple of them client to give libbaugh 10 pills the
next day and agreed to give him a third man of her husband's pills each month about 30 a month
when the doctor stopped renewing the prescription in early 99 limbaugh allegedly went ballistic
his tone was nasty and bullying he said I don't care how or what you do but you'd better
better get me some more client said you know that's centauriant Tony sure you know the tone
the housekeeper said she found a new supplier to arrange the high limbaugh stash his under his
mattress so his wife Martha wouldn't find them after several month limbaugh told her he was going
to New York for detox and didn't need any more pills fine said but a month later he said his left
ear was hurting and asked her for hydrocodone followed by an order for rassy cotton limbaugh 52
suffer from an autoimmune ear disease a condition that left him deaf and had to be corrected with
cochlear implant surgery two years ago don't ask me to repeat that okay client said she continued
to make deliveries to limbaugh even after she quit his housekeeper in july 2001 but he
became increasingly paranoid even patting her down for recording devices she said in june maybe
he knew auto he likes to pat him down in june 2002 limbaugh told he was going to New York for detox
a second time after he returned I went to talk to him in a quiet little bit she said he told me
that if it ever got out he would be ruined she claimed that a lawyer for limbaugh gave her a pay off
$80,000 he owed her plus another 120,000 and asked her to destroy the computer to contain the
email records soon after client and her husband retained show-hat and contacted prosecutors the
drugs russian was accused of abusing her legal only with the doctors prescription all our habit
forming hydrocodone anti-coffee didn't pay in kill a similar to morphine side effects include
anxiety poor metal performance emotional dependence drowsiness mood changes difficulty
grieving and itchiness lord said brand name for the combination talonol hydrocodone prescribed
for moderate to severe pain side effects include dry mouth nausea vomiting decreased appetite
a di diseanous paired as muscle twitches sweating and itching and I see cotton potent time release
medication for relief of moderate to severe pain known as hulgalee heroin because the black market
popularity and some rural areas side effects include drowsiness dizziness sweating muscle twitches
and decreased sex drive a large dose can be fatal
well i love the way that just does it for me i watch a little bit of that again last night's
matter of fact always work for dream it's always good
Jennifer all right i still say i don't care what that old the desperate horny fart toy to that day that
that that scene where she standing there like almost naked in front of the mirror she looks from the
yo yeah good much to do about nothing she's all skinny the mirrors all steamed yeah but but she
doesn't look good only like a mid mid-riff down she looks so nasty no nobody does in that movie and
of course uh zeroed you know when he takes a shirt off and at once he you it looks like a walk in
a strand of spaghetti not even a pencil lost a little bit of weight for that rule i would say
yeah i thought third man 215 votes with the marlins into playoffs after this great season what's
you take i've been a real fan all along seventy three thirty four percent i don't give a crap
about the marlins 51 i'm not i'm just jumping on a bad wagon 50 there's 50 honest people
hey you know i still don't give a smith about sports 28 and i'm a recent fan 13 out of
215 votes we'll get that other pull on there when we feel like it soon one of these days
not some bad news for for you uh oj a students of that whole episode
remember his first lawyer Robert Kardashian his personal attorney yeah
former oj Simpson lawyer Robert Kardashian a member of his initial defense team died of cancer
Simpson told CNN on Wednesday he was 59 had cancer of the asophagus the ap says
Kardashian died at his home Tuesday another friend said it's shocking when a friend close to
you pass the Simpson said i love bobby he must have been shocking when a cool in the wrong got murdered
too you know right for some people maybe a lot of shocks for the oj master probably when he
smelled scrure and two of that guilty and that must have been a shock wow we had one disagreement
over the year about a book he did for money he said he explained it to me i understood that we put
it aside Simpson added bob was there when i needed him most when Simpson failed like
oh oh when Simpson failed to turn himself into authorities to face murder charges June 1794
it was Kardashian who went before tv cameras and read an emotional letter from his longtime friend
it read in part i've had a great life great friends please think of the real oj and not this
lost person is what he'd be saying i remember don't you remember that like you weirdly
a weird and vagus yeah you know that's right you were there too and in fact rich came and said
oh gee they just found his body off to the side of the road oh man nice going rich by the way
watch out for the seven horse he's gonna break at the start of the race Simpson is fed the night
of kardashian's home was to report to police headquarters the next day to be booked for murders
of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend waiter Ron Goldman instead oj and friend al cowling
oh man hit the road in a white Ford Bronco leading police in the hours long nationally televised
slow-speed chase that ended at Simpson's Brentwood homework was taken into custody oh man kardashian
stood alongside Simpson the rest of his attorneys when the not guilty verdicts were read October
3rd 95 to some observers kardashian appeared to have a look of disbelief on his face as if to say
oh man and in years later kardashian said he questioned whether Simpson was involved in the two
stabbing deaths when kardashian was headed to Simpson's defense team there was speculation
that it was so he would not be forced to testify against his friend something that would have
violated the attorney client privilege and there was one other album sure there were many of these
stories but one of the stories i read said that in later years they like uh hated each other like
poison because kardashian wrote a book in which i read the book basically said the oj done it
oh man is what it was but oj says oh no i love bobby and yada yada all of a
it's the world according to oj just like the world according to rush and all the other right wing
ditto heads that bitch man i guarantee you this i like to hear all the few points he listens to
the show every single day she's listening right now and before this rush thing did she ever call
and say one word about shfartses or con delis or any of that no she was loving it but now all of a
sudden let's change the focus focus on the hypocrite because i'm talking about first of all anybody
who doesn't understand the satirical value of those bits and a comedy part of this show is really a
moron okay a moron absolutely right and she gets it she just don't want to get it she's just
putting on an act like just pretending because oh you're being so that the hypocritical and so
double-stand about yeah right maybe right just kidding yeah maybe rush it was just joking maybe
should have gone a little bit like that yeah he was fun in him he maybe he would have
would have liked him up a little bit few shades and i'll say it again as much as i'd be
testing despised him and the people of ditto heads who are the lemmings who follow his bullcrap
it's not him it's abc and of course abc and uh espn you know who's uh own that right
snorke oh man you micky you'll be on a full with eyes they're having a nervous breakdown
oh snorke about this uh uh comfort thoms i love that word
12 and it's past 11 at 5 60 w delayed frank right the horse trainer used to be on cbs and all
those nationally televised big horse races he always used to talk about that about about a
comfort thoms remember frank right no how about the jade uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
right what was the uh great architect what was he doing frank lord uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
that's why i just said hey if you're working in a crappy job and don't have the big bucks like frank
Lloyd right or even like uh Wayne Wright how'd you like to have you a new high pain career before
in 2003 comes to a screeching halt pick up the phone today and call the people at fast train you've
heard me talk about this many million times so quit sitting on your ass and do something about
changing your life and a positive way instead of working for peanuts and moaning and groaning about
how you don't have two dimes to rub together call 866 fast train where did that expression come
from we don't have two nickels to rub together why can it be like dimes from me how about two pennies
to rub together like rumor fast train can have you trained and certified before years and the
demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow there's no better time than right now to say
goodbye to your dead end job and your horse ball boss and get you a real life at a big fat paycheck
call fast train did it they got six locations in florida including four in south florida so this
bound to be one nearby you they offer job placement assistance convenient evening weekend schedules
and they offer you uh financial assistance for people to qualify as well so call fast train today
and get out of your dead end and get your life on a real uh road in the right direction call one 866 fast
train be sure mention the Todd Dreck oh by the way Todd you got a lot to call line nine you and the
other sales holes you and Jeff high and gary a sarner there's a big memo on the front over the
control quit calling line nine it's not for sales holes you asshole and you're mentioned first Todd
call one 866 fast train or check them on the web like i started to say before i get emotional
about Todd Dreck was a major asshole fast train dot com
my my and look all this is for trade oil by city
i'm curious uh so far thing you're most pleased about uh not wanting to reduce arsenic and
drinking water only because um i'm not friendly toward the environment yeah biggest mistake made
so far the tax relief plan tax relief uh it was to take effect will there be no we're not going to
let it come to a into effect not gonna happen no uh i um want to spend the people's money and i
will do so one final question mr. president do we yet know how sick is the heart of dick cheney uh
well and we know that he is uh at least i know that he's uh he's uh as they say out where
she's checked out lost cause sure absolutely eleven seventeen absolutely five sixty years of
thanks from our number one fan and Cleveland it says probably the only one nila couldn't be happy
to see rush being dragged through the mud at harkens be back to something you said many years ago
those who protest allowed us to have the most to hide need you are truly good when you coming to
north field park water cases waiting for you he's a case alright and i'm not feeling a
number two whoops it says please don't mention conspiracy theory must be coincidental that the
overused rush limbaugh is self-destructing with the assistance of a deep-throw drug source
it is on vitriolic ray errantings looks like the running scared regime doesn't need him no mo
the whole scenario looks very eerie just a case of vultures swooping in to pick the bones shades of
gay Edgar Hoover get to dark secrets and save them until he did it says okay let's get the final
result on this poll then let's smith can it and get out of the important one about the someone
you think is an asshole but you enjoy their work i like that poll yep i mean i like the other
one too because i think it's revealing 241 votes with marlin's in the playoffs after great
season what's your take they beat the giants nine five yesterday they need to win one out two
out there and they did kick their ass i've been a real fan all along eighty one thirty two point six
percent right i'm just jumping on a bandwagon sixty one twenty four and a half percent okay
hop aboard i don't give a crap about the marlin's sixty twenty four point one percent
hey neal i still don't give a shmit about sports thirty one twelve and a half percent
and i'm a recent fan fifteen six percent of two forty eight okay let's get rid of that
i think we get the message there right we had a lot of honest people we had the whole bunch that
i'm jumping out of bad wagon sixty one i wasn't second place even which is good why not how
it's a soft floor to f and y why not here's a call from del re b hello oh my well long wait oh my
hey i tell you that chick man she was vibrating and that was something to listen to
me oh my oh my she was really hyped up yeah mom with that real frenzy i find this whole thing
so interesting you know it's like yeah with rush limbaugh now you know it's like in the
beta a guy out here basically i clean pool for living and i'm just looking for entertainment in
my headset yeah i'm glad you know if interesting me because at twelve noon i'm going to switch over
and listen to him and see what the hell he's got to say because it's gonna be you know interesting
and i do that a lot of times i think a lot of people or maybe not a lot of people when you look
at what happened to rush you know and this kind of extreme right wing stuff that he spews and
i listen to that and i listen to you you've got your same loot you know losers on your side too
you know what i mean i mean have i ever said anything positive about the call in audience what
have i ever said that no but i'm just saying it's an interesting thing but you know i look at it
from the center and i see both sides you know when i at the end of the day i hear something
with something you said i know that it's you know out of control and ridiculous to like like what
well just for my political view being in the middle some of the stuff on the left is so extreme
you say some of your anti bush bashing is a little heavy so do me an example i don't want to be
specific and same with what i don't want to be specific then what does it mean well i mean i
see let me tell you the biggest difference i don't just make things up out of thin air and then
put them on your like their fact no i know but your opinion of George bush is that he's a
raging moron and all those right i don't think that's my opinion i think that's a well-documented fact
and it's rush limbaugh's opinion what he said which is a lot of extreme crap it's on the
stitch it's on a different you know side of the coin you guys are like the clinton's murdering all
those people of instaustion and other people but that you don't see the difference uh
so i don't know no i was not at the end of the day i try to put everything together and have my
own point of view about it and laugh it was a fake i went on the year i if i knew your name and i
went on the year tomorrow i said that you killed your wife and five other people in cold blood
uh you you wouldn't have any problem with that i just made it up but i don't think that rush really
said that i mean when you listen to it yes he did say it yes he did say it many times
uh like i said that i don't know i don't believe that but he really said it the way that he was
i was saying so again you call me a liar so i'm not i'm not interested in talking to you i'm not
to waste my time you're a ditto head you don't believe rush would say that see i know we have people
who turn over back and forth we have radio groupies we don't have like all loyal niles out there
we'll listen to this program and it's smoothly to anything else and it's a free country listen to
whatever you want i don't care i mean i do care but it's nothing i can do about it but why anybody
to the length of a till of a hundred waste any time listening to his craft because it's so
predictable and so ponderous and so reprimandentious what's the point now like he said a lot of people
will turn over at noon today just like they did yesterday actually that this morning oh yeah well
you know so maybe maybe that was all contrived maybe this was part of the whole game plan
who the hell knows i guarantee the pill story wasn't part of the game plan
but i mean if he can't see the difference between going on here and accusing people of
being cold blooded and murderers and making up stuff that that whole thing about the
Arkansas business he was involved in that along with misfudge and all these other goddamn liars
just make up a whole bunch of stuff about the Clintons okay it's obsessive compulsive
and as far as my talking about this president the bush being a dottering moron that's not an
opinion some matter of fact just like it's a matter of fact that there aren't any weapons of
mass destruction just like it's a fact that Sodom had nothing to do with 9-11 just like it's
a fact that Alcada had nothing to do with Sodom and still doesn't and won't i mean you know but
don't confuse this guy with a fact i mean he just you know keep keep cleaning the pools man you're
in the right line of work because he's in the he listens to that radio assessment pool so he's
obviously it's right up his alley here's Maria from Syracuse where we're getting faxes from all
over America today it's amazing you're looking at this wrong it only took ESPN one month to get
Russia off the year for good great job ESPN and it says love down a bit of internet nice go on Maria
good point no i don't i don't think you ought to be off here i think anybody's got a right to be
on here if they can get a gig going if they can make money because that's what it's all about we're
a whore business and i'm the only guy that's going to be honest enough to tell you that we're a
whore business we're here to make money i'd here to save the world on a goddamn radio show
but just to make up a bunch of freaking lies and like we said the alfraykin book uh...
russian limbaugh is a big fat liar and and he documents it all right in there it's been out
for a long time so this last guy if he thinks that i'm a liar and i'm just making these things up
you're entitled that opinion but maybe do a little read he has somebody read it to you while you're
cleaning the pools where you got that squeegee going around about them and they have tapes on audio
you know that would be bright up his alley here's port saint lucy hello
hello russian ill right here especially i wanted to know that i wanted to say i
find which is common uh... you know racially insensitive but the question i wanted to ask you
no wait wait a minute they weren't just racially insensitive they were wrong like most of what he says
they're bull crap you don't think there's a possibility that it's true
that the media's tried to uh... to make a black quarterback look good but there's all a black
star quarterbacks that are in heaven and league no of course not
okay i think that there's a possibility that that's true that based on what
i think media have have a gender media had a genders with the uh... new york times
and uh... so i like i like you to give me one piece of media i would like you to give me one
piece of evidence that suggests the media has some acstic rod on behalf of donovan mcnav
or any other black quarterback in the NFL
yeah i think that's a good thing sir are you a football fan
i think i'm football fan you're a white big time yeah and you think that donovan mcnav is not a good
quarterback i think that he is a average quarterback
yeah oh my but that wasn't what i wanted to ask you i wasn't my question now
thank god okay let's get to the real let's get to the meat
not the meat of the question is um... if russian's held accountable uh... for this why aren't
people like dusty baker held accountable for their comments saying that white people can uh...
take the heat and black people black skin that's that's that's worse as far as racially
in says that in sense of the situation they should be they should be okay that's the only
thing i have uh... what rush to know
historically looking at it when he's coming to our uh...
are done
see let me take you against your all of it this crowd that were here getting
calling in the day you seem to resist one fact what he said was
flagrantly untrue there is a one shred of evidence that anybody in the media
is out to make donovan mcnav to build him up to make him into a great quarterback
because the media has this
come up see this is part of the same psychosis the same paranoia about the
liberal media and of course there is no liberal media anymore
the same bull crap that they've been feeding your free years read the air
alternate book what live a liberal media there is no liberal media anymore
you got fox and you got the clear channel you got nothing but right wing
lunatics who want to control everything now with the help and uh... assistance of
their crony michael paul all the other right wingers are controlled the fcc
in the goddamn government
uh... it's you know you can't you can have a discussion with people have a closed
mind with people who just believe any crap that somebody says
we like me going on here to answer in uh... well i think that the election is
gonna be fixed next time and it no matter what you vote it's gonna come out the
in favor of uh... what whatever side i want to uh... say is going to do it
by the way you know what i think
the election might be fixed well i mean if they did the first time maybe that's a
bad example twenty seven past eleven and five sixty year fixation
wc
uh...
five
you
she's more annoying than catholic it
but why someone hired her is downright absurd
she has to be the focus constantly
she's like a kid screaming
and i think
her eyes go through me like razor sharp needles
she thinks she's bigger than the freaking
he goes
pressing around like some whack jow on track
we should send a le went to i-rack
she's lost her mind just like that in the case fairer
like a cartoon from hanna and barfara
i feel so bad for her co-host jack fjord
сок's isn't like my
why
it
eleven thirteen one five six
fifty inside
So here we have the big thing today. We have the big van hit moon to two. It's a big thing.
Joe Costello is going to be there and Miguel will be there. They'll be at where?
At Riveonaha 3671 North-XI Highway in Pompeo Beach. Pompeo Beach with our best
in the LCDs and Mohawar David of Keychains and some Jim Mandage of Mad Dog Keychains left over,
which we have. And here's the deal. Like I've got five parotickets to the Alice Cooper in concert at
Pompeo Beach Theatre, amphitheater, and eight parotickets to the Panther Lightning game at the
Yenthys Center Saturday the 4th to the first 13 folks who will make a donation to abandon
paroscutes. It's a great cause even if you hate me like poison, which I'm amused. I'm proud to
say I'm number one in the poll so far. I'm delighted. I'm noticing that. Well, no, I'm the
Apple myself honored and bother me. 21 votes. Someone you think is an asshole but enjoy their work.
Neil Rogers 8, Dick Clark 5, Billy Bob Thornton 4, Richard Dawson 2, Mohawar David 2.
See, because there's someone you think is an asshole but you enjoy their work. Say, right?
There might be other people on there that they think is an asshole. Absolutely. But they don't necessarily enjoy their work.
So we can add a whole bunch of names to that or not as the case may be or we can continue hearing
from ditto heads until noon when the whole audience will turn over to. La, tada, tada, and you know,
hear all of that. Well, that's the call. Let me just read this again. I mean, for the umpteenth time,
Donovan McNabb has been to three straight pro bowls. Two consecutive NFC championship games
was a fun list for NFL MVP award. This first full season is a starter in this last
Bozo. This last job only says, Oh, he's uh, what was the word fair? He's average. Yeah, it's just
average. And the media has some secret hidden agenda, the liberal media because he's black to make
him look like a superstar. Right. Here's Pember Pine. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey,
listen, I talk on a very crystal clear to me now. Reason Russia still pissed off at Clinton is
why Clinton was getting a little action in the White House rushes in the closet pops in a
hot pop and offy cotton and can't get it up. So he's a get in the action for the last three years.
Exactly. What a piece of crap. And we're all these ditto heads coming in from.
Where they'll come up from in the right coast. They're coming in from the right coast.
Well, goes around comes around man. I got I love it. I love it. I love it. Keep squeezing it man.
We'll do, baby. I'll ride me to. We'll do me to. Yeah, we're squeezing it. All those of us are
just so refreshing. What a breath of fresh air to see these people squirming and twisting.
And they listen to their lame, lame ass defensiveness. I mean, to try to turn it around again and say,
oh, well, you know, dusty bakers, of course, it's always been that way. It's not politically
correct in America for, you know, to attack black people for talking and knocking the crackers,
honkeys, whatever. There should be equal standard there, but there's not. But in the meantime,
he's and I'll just repeating myself because I'm foaming at them out. That's worth repeating.
It would be like it. It would be like if NBC fired Tom Brokaw because he's like got a bad speech
impediment. He's so in coherent. Nobody can understand what he's saying. And they put Aussie Osborne
on there to do the NBC nightly news. And and the very first night, he's out for like 30 seconds.
And so all of a sudden they call the headhunch was an NBC. Oh, can you believe Ozzy just said the
F word live right in the middle of the NBC. Yeah. What a surprise. Huh? What's all this shock
about? They put him on there and he excuse a bunch of right wing bull crap racist hate. And
there's a shot. We need to talk to. Yeah, get this all straightened up. Look at the bottom of it.
X priest sentenced to five to seven years in prison for raping girls in Worcester, Mass.
A former Leo Minster priest was sentenced yesterday to five to seven years in prison for
raping two young girls in the early 1980s. It was the second child molestation conviction in
prison sentence for Robert E. Kelly 61 of Worcester. Kelly who hasn't served as a priest since 85
admitted a decade ago to attempt to rape another young girl in the 80s. It was released from prison
on those charges in 97. Kelly pleaded guilty last month to six counts of child rape. He admitted
to abusing the girls who were between the eight oh between the ages of six and 10 between
1980 and 86. The abuse happened while Kelly was a priest at St. Cecilia's parish in Leo Minster and
Sacred Heart Parish in Garden, according to Worcester District Attorney John Coney. Worcester
superior court judge John S. McCann also ordered Kelly to serve 20 years probation following his
prison sentence. He was banned from servings of prison 85 following allegations of child abuse
according to Worcester Roman Catholic diocese. Our thoughts and prayers are first and foremost with
the victims Bishop Daniel P. Riley said. He also asked for prayers for Kelly and for the Kelly
families they watch him go to prison once again. With I. C.s. of Worcester will continue to make every
effort as an institution to provide safe environments to children our care the Bishop said. Anybody
believe him? No, no. We don't believe it. It's got a way to Pope A looking too good.
So well, looks good. They're going to start blowing smoke over there one of these days soon. You
watch. Just look up in the sky. Really sad. I missed small bill last night. Here's one of our
regular facts who says I'll bet dollars to Russia's donuts that Limbal will eventually use his ear mail
ale minnes is an excuse for the pills. Of course the fact that this doesn't jive with his credo
of personal responsibility and his standing as medical bearer want to want to affect the morons
who listen to him in the least you're right Alan you're absolutely right because he can say anything
and all he do is like follow him over the edge of the clip. That whole concept of ditto heads
is it's a sort of pathetic it's basically like saying I don't have a brain in my head and so
whatever you say man yeah whatever you say I'll just follow you right over the edge of the clip.
What's my opinion? Yeah well yeah what's my opinion rush it's like they got to go into the doctor
says hi hey doc how do I feel? Same thing hey rush what's my opinion today what do I think about this
what do I think about bush what do I think about that what do I think about the burning bush
what do I think about that murdering bastard Clinton uh yadi yadi yadi sad pathetic and you
wonder why all this way in California well we got the Arnold story today and it's not looking
that good for Arnold at this point well he's still way ahead got a few days to go today's
election day here in Ontario I'm going to go out and vote liberal all the way can I vote no but I
would like to why didn't I'm not an American vote no matter who the hell you are several times
here's a call from pompano hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing today great I'm listening to this
whole thing about russian it just makes me so happy just like the last card if you'd such a
lovely icon fall so hard right he's just a scumbag and what I don't understand what you've been
talking about all day and I don't you know it's like nowadays if you're white you can't make fun
of anybody or not just make fun of but you can't satire you can't commentize about anybody if
you're a straight white guy you just talk like a gay guy in front of a gay person when I say
you know being flamboyant and acting kind of like the flamboyant too everybody gets all upset and
they get their knickers in a twist yeah flamer flamer is the word you're looking for flamer flamer flamer
squealing queen I get the screaming queen behind my table there and I serve in a table and he's
you know talking very loud and flamboyant so I start talking to my table that way yeah and they're
all like calm down I want to say hi to up sweetie what's up sweetie that's what I told him
to tell on the ground that's what I told him and they were like they were all flabbergasted that I
could talk to the guy like that I said what they don't have anything against what you do but if
you're gonna be a you know talk really loud you know expect people to make fun of you yeah
if they're gonna flamboyant like that and hear him call the guy to infer department of course you
know then they're always sliding up and down and bring schools uncle neary love you and I keep
listening to you man no matter what you say whether we believe you look like what you say or not man
it's all the same baby keep the faith keep it easy okay diddo diddo diddo diddo diddo diddo diddo
uncle do you think that rush gulps down his pills in the same manner that he doesn't show with one
hand tied behind his back what what is that mean I have no idea says love you and George I
haven't heard the FCC song for years you still have it to play yes I do too funny things about
that bit in one song spot she's saying FCC sounds like feces instead of at the very very end
all this notable she says go away I am gonna play that I love it in fact here's just a little bit
of a preview this goes all the way back to the I and Z day oh this one my little preview
one of the worst things in history and I'm leaving the pole by a mile right on an asshole
and I'm standing out of it what are we going to do I love to be verb on there too what you
gives me just chills in my groin let's see well we don't have any other names on here yet let's get
with it let's not spend the whole day on rush let's get what the important stuff and that is
climbing up on our pole someone you think is an asshole but you enjoy their work I think there
should be a lot of names on here 47 votes I got 19 I'm way ahead all right did Clark 8 Moe Howard
David at 8 Billy Bob Thornton 6 Richard Dawson to 4 out of the first 47 votes we just need some
stiffer competition in that for me right no let's say so far it's kind of easy
what are we gonna do I think we are all being screwed I think
live there why is this happening to us we want the empty seat to get our our first
talk there's no way for us now even doages are all down in my mouth you can't live there
but now you will find any words that will carve your mind
no fun to be fed or by the FCC no fun to be fed or by the FCC
there'll be nothing left or else to enjoy we'll soon be playing with children
for if you're fun to be fed or by the FCC no your fun to be fed or by the FCC
fair one just to be clean they think they know what we should feel they try to dictate to us what is real
young enough please listen to us I think young enough please don't put up a fuck up a
petition the FCC but you know how fast we're fun familial brothers
can't do it all by himself let's all help him don't put it up on the shelf let the FCC
no just how you feel and maybe we'll get inside just while we feel
as easy what are you doing to us as easy what are you doing to us
all rating close why in fact I might die because of the FCC you want to
band what we can do as easy you then what we can say you've even tried to band the reports
that's the teachers learn people I am talking to you I said people let's stand and fight for what
truth and your
work for our on your side we have nothing too hard young and
yet your opinions out and maybe the
will stay out
back
in the morning now
in the evening now no one knows what works right now and say we are the FCC to
up
let's see
675-60 WDQM, your psychotic, your suicidal station.
Don't forget they have a big meat out there, noon to two today at the Griefer Yamaha 36-71 North
Fixi Highway and prestigious Verigiri Actored Pompano Beach.
Joe Costella's going to be there, Miguel Bieda, there will be the two youngest guys in
Edtown right now, Guarantea.
noon to two they'll be there and they got all the best of meal stuff and they also have
the incentives there.
Five per ticks to see Alice Cooper and Constantly the Pompano Beach amphitheater and eight
per ticks to the Panther Lightning Ashibitions game at the P.B. Arena of this Saturday to
fourth.
To the first 13 people come by and donate, don't go by there for free stuff if you're
not going to make a donation to a band and pay rescue because the guys there will tell
you Bafangula and just speak Scuited Taliano.
Seat.
Bill and four Lauderdale says I have a 14-inch erection this morning when I heard the rush
news.
It turned a bleak Thursday morning into a beautiful day, your right, Bill.
I'm very curious to hear what he has to say about the situation but I'm not sure he'll
be live on the year today with the keynote speaker at NAB convention this morning, Phil
Fadalpia, which we just saw where he just mentioned as an aside something about the ESPN
matter, but he said absolutely nothing about the drugs as if it didn't even exist in
the news today.
So I don't know if he'd make it back to his studio to be live at noon.
I'm just so thrilled that that fat pompous racist typical Nazi bastards been exposed
as the same type of exact type of individual he continually persecutes.
PS for the pool.
I'm embarrassed to say it, but Michael Jackson had the good choice, Bill.
Yes, it is.
Huh?
People who like Michael Jackson's music, but they think he's a pedophile and an asshole and
obnoxious and a baby jeopardizer hanging at a poor little baby.
Huh?
Baby jeopardizer.
That's right.
So let's pull Michael Jackson and receive.
He can give me some stiff competition because I'm way ahead of the field, biggest asshole,
even though they enjoy my work.
I got 29 votes.
Moe has got 11, Dick Clark 11, so I'm way ahead.
Philly Bob Thorton 9, Richard Dawson 5, and Michael Jackson just went up.
He's got the big.
So far.
Here's a call from Overtown.
Hello.
Yeah, God.
Yes, sir.
Listen to you forgot on a 25 years.
I've called my father.
Oh, man.
Now, here's the problem I have with this whole situation.
Go right ahead.
I'm going to draw you a parallel.
The friend of mine is a police officer supervisor and he told me he's going to fight
sting, which of course we hate to hear that, but he's realist.
He's working a fight sting.
And in the same day that he arrested his 10th grade math teacher, he arrested his
test grade English teacher in the same fight sting.
Yeah.
I have a problem with people that are supposed to be something.
Then they say there's something.
And then, you know, they put the excerpt way and be a certain way, but they're actually
some way out.
You can do almost anything you want in the world, but you just can't be out there trying
to make money, be in Hollywood about it.
It's just not really.
These are the people who say don't do what I do.
Do what I say.
They talk a good game, but their own lives are nothing but a bunch of crap.
I just spent the whole morning in a training session to work in the elementary schools,
business in the elementary schools.
And there's the background screening and this and that.
And the bottom line is what everyone's saying, teachers, principals, government, even
parents, is that they need more people involved in the schools.
They need more people involved in children's lives.
Meanwhile, Russia's involved in people's lives.
You're involved in people's lives.
Everyone is.
And to be something that you're not and to profit from it, you just need to find another
way to make a living.
It's just not right to set that example.
Our children.
Well, now you're losing me.
What does Russia have to do with sending an example for our children?
What does that mean?
People's parents.
They're Russia's role model.
They follow them.
They listen to him.
They incorporate those things that they say that Russia speaks into their everyday activities.
If they discriminate, if they feel this way about the poor, if they feel this way about
the rich, there's a lot of different things that we all influence there.
I'm influenced by people somebody right now.
I think that the part that bothers me the most, just like Jeff Bush would have screwed
up family with his drug addicted daughter and all the other and his lying wife that smugglers
and stuff they would have to report it.
If you're going to be a holier than now, just like George W. Just like the president of
Born Again, Christian, he would never lie to us.
He's going to bring morality back to the White House.
In the meantime, all these kids are getting killed over the air every day for a war based
on nothing but big money for Beth Helen Hallebert and all their guy, Dan Friends, and Big
Business, and they lied to us about the biggest things of all.
I mean, about people's lives.
You tell us.
And have a great day.
That's what it boils down to.
Don't be a guy that's more holier than now, better than everybody else.
And like me, I tell you I have an old pervert fag.
That's me, okay?
Proud of it.
They go apologies for it.
I don't harm anybody.
I don't mess with little children.
That's it.
But this business of coming on air will on better.
It's like this whole Born Again Christian thing, man.
And it's so vulgar and so vile.
And don't confuse these people with the facts.
Well, we're just trying to spread the word and save your soul.
Yeah, save it.
Save the bullcrap.
Don't save my soul.
Save the bullcrap, okay?
Because once they save your ass on the ground, that's it.
That's finito bonito.
And by the way, they didn't hang him in Rome.
Nobody appeared there.
He made a cameo there.
That's how I remember it.
Yeah, in Rome.
And this is a fax, this long fax from this fag, Zoli in North Miami.
Save it a fax paper, okay?
You're out of control.
He's got the hats for Scott.
Well, got to be Scott in your type, okay?
I just got Eric a figure.
What?
I just put Eric a picture ought to be showing up on the website with what?
Of Scott.
Yeah.
Oh, Scott's like human looking.
Okay.
What?
You don't think so?
He's like a Martian.
You think Scott is looks like a Martian?
And then when he takes his glasses off, it's even worse.
Hmm.
He's my favorite Martian.
Of course I don't.
I don't know any other.
No, I thought he looked almost human, considering what we got in a building.
I wouldn't say he's going to create it on the Zoli.
Yeah, but at least only have the hats for anything that then moved.
It's got a penis.
Although we haven't checked that out yet.
Well, that's the for real worry about that poor for real man.
He's really under he's taking a lot of crap.
This is me off.
Can you believe that?
He's doing such a great job for us and everything is coming along.
See, this is the thing, if you and if things start going too well,
then they start crumbling at the scene, then they still can open out of shape.
Yeah.
Here's a call from Coral Gebels.
Hello.
Keep making excuses.
They make excuses for you being an asshole.
I won't do a no-mo.
I'm not making those excuses for your behavior, no-mo.
Okay, asshole.
Peep, peep, peep, peep, peep.
I'm airy day.
Airy day, just like clockwork, just like that pixel they called me for.
Oh, I'd like to listen to all points of you.
You're a chronic listener, honey.
You've got to turn up so loud.
Maybe that's why she was getting them good vibrations.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
She was so hysterical, she sounded like Linda Lovelace and drag.
Maybe she's dragging it.
Little Playboy TV here fits in.
Don't say anything, honey.
It's a wild bike scene.
People say it looks like they're like, it looks like she's having lunch.
A game by game.
What?
Oh dear, those slurping sounds, she's having a slurpy for lunch.
Can I ask you a question?
Did I comment on this cartoon the first time that you sent it to me?
No, no, that's why they keep it.
Why are you sending me the fourth copy of it?
I just put it in the comments.
I mean, don't have the name spell, even like maybe one or two letters right that belong
in the name of the limbaugh.
We put it on the door, stop sending it already.
Oh, here you go.
Here's a three-for-our-pool.
Somebody you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work.
James Cameron, George Lucas and Woody Allen.
Let's get all of those on there.
We need some help on this one.
I thought it'd be easy, didn't you?
No.
Why not?
Bless you, because it's this crowd.
This crowd?
That one.
Let's see, here's the fact that this is, first of all, I hate Rush, can't stand him.
He's the epitome of an asshole.
He represents everything wrong with his country.
What he said on ESPN was stupid, ignorant, and I don't agree with him, but I don't think
it was racism.
I think that because his comments involved race and the fact that races like his comments
are stupid and ignorant, they were labeled as racists.
The fact bastard might just be a racist, but I don't think his comments on Sunday work.
Racism is on, and I understand it as a belief that one's race is at all.
It goes, uh, that said, I'm really quite ecstatic watching a sorry ass squirm.
You got to love it when bad things happen to bad people.
Yes.
And yes, I agree with you, ESPN never should have hired him.
Clearly, anyone who can't recognize me that I've sound has no business on a football
broadcast.
Anyway, Jason, how many oxy-contains he showed down his push last night?
I would say at least.
Oh, here's a good one for the pool.
I like this one.
This is good.
Jerry Impady-Despings is one of our best factors, by the way.
And that's going to you.
I'd like to suggest Russell Crowe for your, he's an asshole, but I love his work pool.
I think he's a great actor, but apparently he's a dick in real life.
The breaking rush story is great.
I love it.
If I got up tomorrow on the headline, red Karl Rove was busted in the opium then.
Yeah, he was in there with Robert De Niro and the opium then.
It would make my whole week.
Right, Jerry.
Nice going, sweetheart.
1156 at 560, Q&A.
Don't forget Joe and Miguel and the Gauntz and Mershpacher.
Or don't be saying that, that visual callback.
I am low.
This is 420 of Icedic Q&A M.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Coming next year, the King of Thought, furniture, your hometown, during the benefit of the
Cardinal Classic School for Wayward Boys, it's Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson.
That's right.
From the time his tune to the Jackson 5 to the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's
benefit to her aims to please.
The people that surround myself, we thought you'd be naive.
Some funny things, brothers, some are better files.
There's no one to defile.
I just sit for a while and be defeated, be defeated.
I'm not a king of pop.
I need be defeated, be defeated.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around.
I'm so can't wait before the call, when my calling call again.
When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone, I be defeated.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's
dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefit.
Hey, yeah, Michael.
Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
It's inside with cows.
I know a game that we can play to find out.
And since you fly, you know it's time to free Willie.
Say, say, say what you want, but you know who I do.
A faction of ladies don't know how to read, but little boys give me a reaction.
And here the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote, but it's show another world.
With the Vienna boys choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
I like real children.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they win.
It's a choice of making.
I like to have their lives, but it's true they make the greatest thing.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
White billies jeans.
You know how to tell time.
And of course smooth criminal.
Jeff and Michael Jackson's tour.
To benefit the cargo class school.
The wayward boys get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 is been free when a cup of wine.
No one.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
A new white.
They say let's afford these radio.
They buy accessible Gleiche Boys.
They can't afford you to buy English lessons.
отив body training and travel tips the words.
Once you've got pressure,
currents, a domain training and speed wings.
But in this particular case,
they're so enamored with this show and obsessed with me.
They can't turn it off.
Just like that bitch that called earlier that sounded like she was going to give birth right there in a front seat
We're freaking car
Someone you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work neo-rodgers 36 to which I say yeah
Dick Clark 14
That's what I voted for I still enjoy the old pyramid shows you know, but he's an idiot
Moe Howard David at 13 Billy Bob Thornton 11 that was George's vote
Michael Jackson's moving up flatter fast eight that last bitch would help richard Dawson five
James Cameron to how about John Cameron and Swazie?
Hope he takes a look at but he keeps on ticking just like a poor Sheridan who keeps on drowning but she's his clowning and
McGill and Luis are frowning
But she's going down
George Lucas and Woody Allen Russell Crote don't have any other first 89 votes on our second poll of the day
First poll was about those marlins anybody care no come on. Let's have a little enthusiasm
Women say Schwarzenegger grove and humiliated them. You ready for that?
I'm ready to have the phones are all lit up again. Don't be a turn over to rush. Okay. He's got to say nothing
All he's gonna go is look at it like that. We'll get to the Schwarzenegger store, but let's take a hundred calls for it
Here's a lot of nail lakes. Hello. Hey, how you doing pretty good question. I want to change the subject. Please
This thing that's going on now with this CIA leap
Huh, first of all, I want to know what you read on it
And if it's gonna be covered up, but they do everything else
Sure, in fact on our website today there's a great story from the New York Times attorney general is closely linked to the inquiry figures and
Of fact that you know because they might have to stand all while the you know the Justice Department can handle this investigation
We don't need a special prosecutor. We don't have a committee. Meanwhile attorney general a escrow
Is connected with Carl rove and as matter of fact
Carl rove was paid consultant to three of ash crops campaigns in Missouri twice for governor and for U.S.
Senator in the 80s and 90s and associated Mr. Rovesett on Wednesday
So it's like the Fox investigating the chicken coop or however the old saying goes
Well, my curiosity is is just that are they gonna be able to sweep the something the table like this?
Yes, yes, they will and no hatchet will fall
No, I don't think so well now that's fine to scapegoat somewhere. So I'll lesser lie you know underling
And that'll be it. I'm trying to rational how these things happen. You can't
You can't because the American public is stupid. I mean if the public really was demanding an investigation here
I mean this is unbelievable, but the public is sitting back and they're worried about who's gonna win a ballgame Sunday
And this becomes working this page right
Okay, sorry buddy. Don't bother it all have a great day counsel the press I could lied I
Could have said this will be the straw that breaks the candles back and bring the bush people down
It might be if the Democrats are really vigorously see I don't blame the Republicans and the right wingers
I blame the the limperist the Democrats that the reason we won into a rack is because they sat back and they allowed the
Iraq attack and this media business that goes on with Operation Iraqi freedom and all is glorious
So bulletin board here when he soldiers who are at least the ones who are still alive
You know and then and the Democrats were afraid to say boo including John Kerry and
Including Wesley Clark, you know a lot of people forget goddamn Wesley Clark was on CNN there
He was one of the regular talking heads on there for a long time
He was a talking head all along in fact during Bosnia and Kosovo remember they kept trotting him out
They have all these retired generals and the admirals that they got nothing else to do
right
So he was the role of God damn time yet every opportunity in the world to open up a big mouth did he do it?
No, and then of course he started to walk them all over the place
That's why I'm so much of a Howard Dean fan because number one
I think he can win a number two. He's not a phony it doesn't change his opinion every five minutes
Here's the fact that this is the shame rush couldn't be fired and he really had much like Al Campanus
Who I actually believe had no racist bones in his body and you mentioned yesterday
Dave Halberstammer a good friend who's a great guy. Yes, he got screwed over by the heat a very similar thing a
Munch and I'll say it again
Here's a super guy who doesn't have a bigoted bone in his body and here's the thing got taken out of context and
Halberstam got screwed over by the heat and I blame Pat Riley for it. You suck Pat
Okay, and by the way nice hair do he borrows his dip and he do from Reagan because Ron it keeps forgetting about it
To me the Greek was also fired and humiliated you're absolutely correct, Faxor this asshole rush will skate after a while
Well with a show intact because the vast majority of bush leakers are spinning images of them bush lookers
As far as an annoying person with great work. I vote for Sean Penn. What a talent. What a spark. That's a good one
He is a tremendous actor and he's a real piece of crap and he's also a great activist. He's also a piece of crap
Closing I heard Dave the cop of dear field police calling for all in the morning. Oh no
I'm the real Dave the cop from the Miami PD. Oh, this is him Dave the cop
Here's the proof how about them say it was Cardinal. Oh, I like Dave the cop a lot better on the packs machine on the phone
Here's another one. I like this is an excellent suggestion speaking of the Clark from the same
Movie from bowling for Colin blind you son of a bitch Charlton Heston, right?
What I mentioned him this morning and you pooped me I
Did better or I guess it was yesterday morning when we were building this and we put it on yeah
Well, I wasn't thinking clearly yesterday
That was before my mind was all cobblives were cleaned out with the drugs the race from rush
Now that that that worked a long way to helping to up my brain
I'm having a little image all Swiss by the way, so if I gag or choke you understand I'm not dying yet. Okay, just so you know
Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello
See all this these allegations of drug usage by rushling bought crew to be true
But not make him a oxymoron
I love it that was that's it
That may be the best call of the century right there. Oh, that's her for the guy at Jupiter. He's out of this world. He's halfway to your Venus
Well, let's see nobody's come close to me on his point yet
I'm the most talented asshole on the globe so far somebody you think is an asshole
But you enjoy their work neo-roger's 44. Oh, nobody's gonna touch my ass
112 votes Dick Clark 16 Mohawry David 16 Billy Bob Thornton 11 Michael Jackson 11
Richard Dawson five Russell Crowe have four Woody Allen three James Cameron two George Lucas don't have any
And who's the other one we haven't put on her yet? Oh, it's a Keston. He's not under yet. I got one and
Who's that Scott Rick Riley?
Oh, I didn't even know you knew Rick Riley where you know him from
TV
TV
We're thinking of the same Rick no, it must be a different Rick Riley oops, which which Rick Riley is this
I need help obviously not our former co-worker our former colleague. What were you talking about?
Scott hello, yeah, who are you talking about?
You turn the mic on it helps. Oh, I'm sorry
And answer the question the same time
Yeah
Man what a good way to get through four hours. I could speak about 15 words and get through the whole show this way
This is okay. Just keep those long-predent possible, man
If you weren't turn over to rush yet Scott's gonna make damn sure you do in the next 15 minutes. I'll guarantee you that now
Which Rick oh, right Riley are you talking about you're not talking about Bill O'Reilly are you all right? That's what I meant
Oh, how did I know?
Bill O'Reilly you think you you enjoy his work? Yeah, but I hate the man
What is it you enjoy about his work?
And be careful how you answer because you know you're not making that money. This is your job at the moment
I like his format like what he has to say and I like what he doesn't have to say and I like what his
People on the show say
Let's see professional athletes Chris Carter especially met him through a company
I used to work for a starter conversation about which they produced it a thathly blah blah eventually
He got really heated and he kicked me out of the room till his business was complete. What a dick he was Chris Carter
Oh Chris Carter and
Aronde Chris and Aronde
Jimmy and Danny are we putting Chris on there? No good all of we could have athletes on here
I guess Chris Carter will be okay. He doesn't have his spelled right. It's with a H Chris with an H
Hank Goldberg. Let's get the hump around here
Couple of her always eating plenty of it Howard Stern Howard look at a lot of votes. What do you think?
Yep and Sean puff daddy Sean puff daddy combs p. Diddy big asshole genius business man there you there
Those are all good Chris Carter Hank Goldberg Howard Stern and p. Diddy
Did George like the a new outcast CD says haven't got it yet burn me a copy. Oh, that's bad advice burn me a copy
Oh, drop it by
Outcast is great. Yeah, drop him by a copy likes outcast in fact. He likes being one. That's why he's a Q.A.
That's what the poor for all was bitching about this morning. He feels like an outcast
I said oh just wait. It's coming. Yeah, it can only get worse
Boy, that's really terrible to wait or treating our new hero man
We finally got to lead in we find a good head some morning numbers that blah blah blah blah blah, you know and Greg is losing him
He's flipping his lid
Just calm down take a deep breath take a couple of paces back and look at the exam in a situation before you start getting all carried away and
Blow up the goddamn goose that laid the golden hull of oil. Okay Greg you idiot
Although I probably not him. It's probably over in corporate again
You know the beesleys the person probably somebody stole their banjo pick
1213 at 560 WQM. Hey, it's that time of the year again with every betting store in every big
Gush furtors your store in town starts advertising their phony ad sales for the fall
Well, don't get sucked in because Dalai mattress wants you to make sure you understand the way works
What they do is they double the price and then they offer half off. Hey, look at this 50% off
That's no bargain the fact is these stories can't even compete with Dalai mattress
Which sells them to you each and every day at the lowest prices in the world 365 days a year for this count
Price is on dozens of models from
Seely surged a tempered Ximins King coirlor's turns and foster bananas. You need to call 1-800 mattress
You know how many years it's been since I've had bananas foster about 30
But 30 man not really I had the best bananas foster at a restaurant in a tropic can a hotel in Vegas
That's no longer there the rhapsody. I had a rhapsody in my pants. This is a rhapsody. Oh, were you? Yeah, my wedding night. I don't want to
Say that we had a coupon
No nonsense no bait and swish no house brands no phony promises and best of all
You don't have to pay premium for the best service in the world when you do business with my close personal buddies
The Dalai mattress ranked best in the world in customer satisfaction
You make that one call you'll understand why call 1-800 mattress and they let you pick the day in time at delivery any day seven days a week from
Eight in the morning till 10 a night whatever two our windows convenient for you noondah two one to three two to four
Etc
And you'll be sleeping like a baby like I do for years now
The mattress from the best in the world Dalai mattress
They give you low prices same day delivery free set up and rule law with you by mattress any place else
Just sit there and make one easy call
1-800 mattress and that's all you have to do and open the door and they'll be right there
1-800 MATTR ES or online it's macriss.com for data macriss the easy the smart way to buy you a great new macriss and get a great night sleep
Why I and local
Here sports video 560's you a
UAM
560 WM
Oh, I'll be helping you today. Hey, would you please be having a bluestner big cheese?
We are having a sale on cameras.
Hehehe
Scow's
Twenty-thin at five sixty WQM, but as Emmantell or Schwissman is good stuff.
Only that cheese thing, don't beat and cheese while you're on here as Ben.
Two hundred and and so far Joe is a no-show.
Joe Costello is not there for our appearance today, between early two days of no-show at
Rivea Yamaha, but Miguel is there.
Well, who now needs Joe anyway?
Nobody wants another Joe.
Joe is a no-show for our appearance today?
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
No-show Joe.
Most horrifying deaths in movies, father, carousel and exorcist,
melty Nazis and raiders of the Lost Ark, JFK and the Zapruder film,
and the impaled priest in the Omen, or the four he's got for the start of that list,
and then the most universally liked person, in other words,
somebody nobody thinks is an asshole, Jacques Cousteau, that's Bellingshron,
Fred Rogers and Neil Armstrong.
I didn't like Fred Rogers.
Then I don't like Neil Armstrong.
How do you like that?
So leaves Jacques Cousteau and then the world were underwater.
Nobody didn't like Jacques.
I wonder if Sheridan on passions has found the underworld water world up his own.
No, I'm trying to watch.
She's here spend a lot of time under the water.
You're trying to watch passions now?
I'm trying.
She's drying.
So far, someone you think is an asshole, but enjoy their work.
Neil Rogers 55.
I'm killing a man.
Oh!
Mohawar David 18.
Dick Clark 16.
Billy Bob Thornton 14.
Michael Jackson 12.
Woody Allen 6.
Richard Dawson 5.
Russell Crowe 4.
James Cameron 3.
Hank Goldberg just went under.
Got a pair already for the Humper.
And so far, he said, one's including Bill O'Reilly.
I've got the big.
No, but none.
None yet.
Scott, for your Bill O'Reilly.
Although he is an asshole, you're right about that.
5670560.
Anyway, women say Schwarzenegger groped and humiliated them.
The acts allegedly took place over three decades of campaign aid to
organize the accusations of big story.
The LA Times and all are from coast to coast.
Now I'm pillar to post.
Six women who came into contact with Honourable on movie sets in studio offices and other
settings over the last three decades say he touched them in the sexual manner without their consent.
Oh my God.
In interviews with the LA Times three, the women described their surprise and discomfort when Schwarzenegger
grabbed their breasts.
A fourth city reached out her skirt and gripped her buttocks.
Woo!
A fifth woman said Schwarzenegger groped here and tried to remove her bathing suit in a hotel elevator.
A sixth woman said Schwarzenegger pulled her out of his lap and asked whether a certain sexual act had ever been performed on her.
It doesn't say.
According to the women to count one of the incidents that occurred in the 70s, two in the 80s, two in the 90s, and one in 2000, only three years ago.
Did he rape me? No, said one moment who described the 80s encounter which he said Schwarzenegger touched her breasts.
Did he humiliate me? You bet he did. You bet your life. Even Groucho would agree.
Four to sit in the course of she's taken Groucho's advice and ducked.
Four to six women told their stories on condition that they not be named three-work in Hollywood and said they were worried that if they were identified, their careers would be in jeopardy for speaking out against Schwarzenegger, the one-time bodybuilding champion and box office star who's going to be governor of California.
Do you like his speech? Yes, he said he's not talking about running. He's talking about campaign.
No, he's not talking about campaigns, talking about being governor and here's what I'm going to do. He already like one. What does that mean?
It means he's an arrogant prick and the fix is already in.
In the four cases in which the women wouldn't let their name be published, friends of other said that the women had told him about the incidents long before his run for governor.
None of the six women gave their accounts to the LA Times for any legal action against him. Schwarzenegger's campaign spokesman Sean Walls said the candidate is not engaged in improper conduct or women.
He said such allegations are part of an escalating political attack on Schwarzenegger is the recall election approaches. Anybody believe that? No.
No. The Times didn't learn of any of the six women from his rivals in a recall race and none of the women opposed to newspaper on her own reporters contacted them in the course of a seven-week examination of his behavior toward women on and off the movie said.
Schwarzenegger's attitudes about women have been an issue on a campaign trail where critics have accused him of being misogynistic based on past statements he's made to various publications.
In response, Arnold said he respects women and many of his comments were made in gesture simply meant to be provocative.
You know what's on that fifth that we play with Oprah Arnold and Maria? I'm with Oprah.
And the one thing that is true in there was Maria says or Oprah says my good friend Maria Schriver.
See from that point forward you know that whatever else you might have been said in the real interview it's just a puff piece to give him free your time because one thing about rich people they like to a hobnob around together no matter what their political views they put that all aside.
Like the Kennedys and the Schwarzenegger clan.
You're disgusting. There's rush CNN say they are convinced that the voice is that of Rush Limbaugh.
Now on the turnee representing this one.
She stands behind her story and a man who answered the telephone after home said the same thing.
A spokesman for the Palm Beach County stated turnee's office told CNN I cannot confirm or deny the investigation into Rush Limbaugh.
That's exactly the French and Candy.
However, Rush Limbaugh has put out the following statement provided to CNN.
I am unaware of any investigation by any authorities involving me.
No governmental representative has contacted me directly or indirectly.
If my assistance is required in the future, will of course cooperate fully.
Well, she's in the question that immediately comes to mind is why did we all find Kate Rush Limbaugh if indeed it was Rush Limbaugh on her answering machine?
Well, that remains unclear. Obviously there are a lot of questions to be provided.
What her motivation may have been.
But that of course is part of the investigation and is unclear whether she will be charged.
Is it unclear whether Rush Limbaugh will be charged?
It is not known whether this woman, for example, is not turned in the house.
There are only a few thousand pills.
That's a big deal, right?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How are we doing at the place there at Riveonaha?
No new reports.
No new report.
No Joe.
No Joe is a no show and a mojo.
Absolutely.
Here's a call from beautiful Miami.
Hello.
Okay, Miami's on hold.
The whole city.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, hey, don't.
Pretty good.
You notice when he did oh heads call you and you confront them and say, well, obviously he's a right winger.
And obviously he talked about the Clintons killing people.
They didn't die.
Oh no, he didn't.
You tell me what he said.
We don't believe that, right?
Just like with the six broads with Arnold, they deny right away.
Cup, cup all the things.
And also like he got on this morning and he was, this is Limbaugh when he was given the speech,
the keynote speech, the convention.
And he goes, well, nobody ever accused me of being a racist in high school and college and this and that.
But meanwhile, doesn't he support every racist policy known to mankind?
Yes.
Like the like the redistricting, like minimum mandatory sentences and things like that.
The thing is, you're missing the part of the story where it says, you know, he felt this brought up for wiretops.
And did you read that part of the story?
What I did.
I read the whole daily news.
And he was using Clinton of groping.
How many times you hear the word Kathleen Willie in eight years of Clinton?
How many times you hear about this broad from from Arkansas when you heard about this?
Right.
And then who are you doing?
That's not true.
The whole trooper, the whole trooper history by the way, was totally falsified.
They did it for money and the whole thing was bogus.
He's doing the same thing.
He's grabbing broads himself.
Yeah.
And then the last thing that the only thing that you know,
when you absolutely get the truth is when you talked yesterday about when they got Jeff Bush on tape
and he's talking about his devious plans.
And it still doesn't make any difference.
Well, yeah, it doesn't make it unbelievable because you know why it doesn't make any difference?
Because the common thread is that these people all have this good old time religion.
And none of them, you can't, you can't have no conspiracy, but they all have this religious crap in them.
They're born again big.
It's sort of like a pally.
It's like you're like your bit where they think alike and they walk alike and they talk like well, right?
They all think alike anyway.
They don't have to be a conspiracy.
They're like cookie cutter people.
Have a great day, pal.
Anyway, yeah, he became my increasingly paranoid rush client said even patting her down for recording devices.
That's what he was talking about.
Patting her down.
Maybe she had some patting.
In June 2002, he told me he was going to New York for detox a second time after I returned.
I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit.
He told me that if ever got out, he'd be ruined, which we say,
Oh, yeah.
Nice going rush.
Pop a couple for us.
Maybe it was over there with Sarah Goldfarb, you think?
No, she's Jewish.
Well, that's right.
Probably don't like her.
Probably don't like her hood.
28 past no.
Of course, you'd have to take off that big pointy one to put that one on.
Anyway, Brandy Shoes is doing a big time in Pompato Beach for over 25 years.
Nobody can touch him with a stick because they got the best election.
The best price is the best people working there who make sure you get a perfect fit on your feet.
Every time.
And when I say the best brands, we're talking about rock ports, echo, mafisto, Timberland,
SAS, Floreshine, Clarks, all the big names in the shoe business.
And no matter what your feet are, no matter what kind of shape they're in,
whether they're teeny and tiny and small, or gigantic like Tom Welling and his swelling feet,
they can fit you.
Men's size 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, and widths from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And like I said, they give you a personal service of Brandy's.
They want to make sure you get a perfect fit and walk out of their happy camper every time,
which is why they've lasted all this time while the others have come and gone.
Brandy's shoes you'll find about 12, 19 or a federal highway Pompato Beach open every day,
Monday through Saturday, 9 to 9, Sunday, 10 to 5, and all this week, see that cheese,
how it's a clogged up my throat.
All this week, it's a red tank sale at Brandy's.
Take 50% off on all famous brand names, shoes with a red tag, come into the store and save like crazy,
or check out their website, brandy's shoes.com.
And my, and loll, this is 42056,
QAAM.
One moment please.
What happened?
What was that?
It just like pressed out of the middle.
Yeah.
And, and, hey press some buttons somewhere there's press.
It loves to watch boobs and butts and biking.
Happiness, peace, a sense of well-being, a sense of self-worth,
it comes from the inside out, it doesn't come from the outside.
Don't you feel a guy's free of all the walls?
There's no substance there at all, Texas metal falls that's going to be a thing.
Dr. Phil, brain in when he walks, he's a mister, no it all.
Never want to see him wearing the jeep strings.
That, that's crazy.
Dr. Phil, why?
Do your eyes do that?
Dr. Phil, try.
Do some of your own fights.
What makes you think that you do have the right to judge him?
Forget it if you're apparently putting it to my point and do it, you hear that?
Dr. Phil, give it folks side fights,
while he screams at far-house fights about eating more than any human should.
Dr. Phil, please just bang it down.
You're a freaking surface clown, try to handle things like your friend or broo-woah.
That's crazy.
Dr. Phil, stop.
Oh, here's Arnold, he's apologizing.
I said, it's true he was out on a Rowdy movie set,
and if he did things to offend people he apologized.
I hope that you'll give me the chance to prove that.
I'll go for the show.
I'll go for the show.
Let me tell you, this is what this class 2 is all about.
Back to the future of California, everything is a movie title, everything is a, you know,
I still have Easter on, all this crap.
Man, oh man, I never thought America could get any demo than it used to be like about an hour ago, but it is.
Surprise.
Yes?
300.
There on the corner of Sample and Dixie for Rob, what it's worth, and Joe is on his way.
Joe is on his way?
He's on his way.
It's 1234 and he's on his way?
Yeah.
Anyway, Miguel's there.
Who the hell needs to see Joe anyways at a bad nose?
Riva Yamaha, on the corner of Dixie and Sample, 3671 North Dixie, how about Pompadabees?
We got 300 already.
It's a good start for abandonment rescue.
And let me say it again, five pair tickets to see Alice Cooper in concert at the Pompadabees Amphitheater, and eight
pair tickets to see the Panther Light and the Exhibition Game at the, um, the Enter Center, the Saturday the Fourth of Oct.
So that's what Miguel's got waiting for, okay?
For it, and again, those, the tickets are for people that donate to abandonment rescue.
If you don't, don't be coming by.
I'd like some of those free tickets because no.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Schwarzenegger thought he was playful, but it was wrong.
That's what he said.
He was playful.
In other words, when he stuck his hand up some broads asked.
He was just being playful when he was squeezing their boobies, you know?
It was just a little play.
As in four.
Play.
Here's Delray.
Hello.
Ah, yes.
Um, I wanted to serve by saying that it's pretty sickening that every day a folder dies in Iraq and-
Yeah.
Or two.
Yeah.
There's no fold provided to him by the government contracts that are given to them.
But, Rushburn Ball has the nerve to go in the air and sail this racist crap, but he gets out of the army because he had a wart on his ass or something.
A boil.
Yeah.
He had a boil on his butt.
But you don't understand.
He's got talent on loan from God.
Right, I forgot about that.
He's also the same person that says, take the bone out of your nose and call me back to a black collar when he was DJ out in Sacramento.
Nice.
Now, what is that?
Is anybody can I justify this at all?
Well, they obviously are.
And of course you hear a lot of these Yahoo's, these crackers who I had called early in the show.
What they're really trying to say is, well, you know, when Dusty Baker said something or when black people say something,
then nobody wants to pick on them.
But Argman Rush now just because he made an obviously inflammatory racial comment, even though we don't want to admit that it was.
He's getting it up the ass now.
So that's what he's appealing to.
This whole thing appeals to his constituency.
He's preaching to his choir, to his widow head.
The same people that Bush appealed to in South Carolina when he did the push polling to say that, oh, McCain had a black baby, a state's rights and all this crap.
Right.
And Rush also says, well, all druggies are a drag down on society and they must be deported.
Well, ask for a start with yourself.
Look in the mirror.
Have you ever heard of a comedian by the name of Bill Hicks that died about 10 years ago?
Yeah.
He had a great quote that said, anybody that is that far to the right is hiding a deep dark secret.
Hey, man, well said.
Well said, and at the right wing closet.
Have a right-day pal and a enter.
And now I'll come here and not syndicate it because Rainy Rose just announced that she got syndicated once some other network out.
Because my agent is an asshole, does that have your question, sir?
Well, you need to fire him.
Exactly.
Come on.
I mean, bro.
Like I said, say goodbye and have a great day.
Have a great day in New York.
I'm fine.
I rock.
Do you say Iraq?
Something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&TC.
If Rush would have been busy popping that boil on his ass, so we can go service country as opposed to like pop it all in pills.
Maybe he might have done something productive.
Rainy Rose?
Is it going to be syndicated in any like that?
Aren't you excited?
Oh, yeah, vibrating.
Woo!
Me too.
Attorney General is closely linked to winch-or-re figures.
The guy they depressed guy to call about in half an hour ago.
Hmm.
I don't even know if I did put this to Rainy website.
We showed from New York Times today by Elizabeth Bumiller and Eric Lick-Blau.
Eh?
The political ties between Tap White House Aids and Attorney General John Ashcroft have put him into a delicate position
as the Justice Department begins a full investigation of whether administration officials illegally disclose the name of an undercover CIA officer, Carl Rove.
President Bush's top political advisor, whose possible role in the case has raised questions, was a paid consultant to three of Mr. Ashcroft's campaigns in Missouri twice for governor and for US Senator in the 1980s and 90s, and associate a Mr. Rove set on Wednesday.
Jack Oliver, the deputy finance chairman of Mr. Bush's 2004 reelection campaign, was the director of Mr. Ashcroft's 94 Senate campaign and later worked as Mr. Ashcroft deputy chief of staff.
Those connections, like Democrats yesterday, to assert that Mr. Rove's connections to Mr. Ashcroft amounted to a clear conflict of interest and underbind the integrity of the investigation, the disclosures have also emboldened Democrats who have called for the appointment of an outside counsel, and they are...
Absolutely correct sir.
Amen.
On Wednesday, the administration worked to ensure that no Republicans in Congress broke ranks and called for an independent inquiry, and it sought to portray the former diplomat of the center of the cases a partisan Democrat, as if to somehow excuse their behavior and above Novak's behavior, and all of the Southern crap which severed eyes not only her life and safety, but also the life of all of her contacts and a lot of people in the CIA.
But, like I told that guy, they'll sweep it over the carpet because the public is sleeping, and it didn't involve any sexy juicy sex, even any dry juicy sex.
And as a result, nobody gives a flying crap.
Because the public continues being fed a bunch of propaganda, although Al Gore who invented the internet, good ol' Al Gore.
He's on the case.
Big article in the National Post here this morning, Gore eyes CBC launched cable company.
In his quest to set up a new liberal-leading broadcaster in the United States, former US Vice President Al Gore and a group of investors, could up and end up buying news world international cable company, originally started by the Canadian Broadcasting Corp.
Right now they CBC in 94.
Courtney was sourced posted in negotiations, Mr. Gore was his financial partners, up to refocus the channel, which was sold to USA Network's in 2000 and to a VVND Universal, as a left-leaning rival to Rupert Murdoch's Fox News.
Mr. Gore would become the company's fifth owner if the video goes through.
Yes, the word talk said the source adding that they were put out holding mayor June, because most of the VND Universal's TV entertainment assets were put up for auction to reduce the company's debt.
Talks may have warmed up now, now that it's in a electric New York based NBC has a deal above the VND Universal's US Entertainment Division for $3.8 billion in cash and 20% stake in a new entertainment company, better or more than 40 billion US.
It's going to be considered, but I'd tell ideal is consummated, not to lay consummated through a fear.
Here's the facts for Morgan and Vocus's.
Here's a question of some of the subject more important than Rush LeBarr Carl Rowe.
Did you see the season premiere of Smallville and Warren in Vocus, you'd have been listening, the answer is,
forgot about it.
George saw it, said it was great.
It said it was pretty good.
It was all right.
It said it wasn't sensational, but it was okay.
Need to know what you were doing on an easy view on the WB.
Okay, so just calm down Warren.
All right.
How's Warren McElmory doing?
Seeing him lately?
What's that nice trotter that Warren McElmory had, George?
19 to 1 at 560 WB.
It's been said that everything you do, the big things, the small things, even the everyday things,
can change the world in least some small way.
The idea that everything you do has the ability to affect somebody else is something that people have from Montettingber company truly believe in.
It's one of the many reasons they put so much attention and love and pride into every bear they make.
They want you to feel confident that when you said it from Montettingber,
you're sending a gift that will bring some love and fun to somebody's day and be cherished for a lifetime.
1-800-829-Bair, that's all you have to do is as easy as that to order one or visit from Montettingber.com on the Wicked Web.
Send a Vermont teddy bear to surprise somebody on their birthday.
Welcome a new baby or make somebody who's under the weather field a whole lot better.
Whatever the reason or occasion for Montettingber is or a fun creative way to make a difference in somebody's day.
Call tool free 1-800-829-Bair, that's B-E-A-R or shop them online at VermontTettingber.com.
When you call, be sure to tell me a cranky crusty old-yle for you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
My, and law, this is 4205 City.
Way to lay out.
The drug connection.
Tell us, Marie, what did you do first?
Well first, he made me swallow 60 condoms filled with cocaine.
But then, hi, yeah, you took me to the airport and sent me on a fun field vacation in New York.
I saw six Broadway shows.
After I got over the laxatives and prunes, you, of course.
Share the fun and excitement of international drug trafficking tonight on the drug connection.
1245-560, take a look, boys, at that phone.
See how it's lighting out and it's set up all the time now because I love that,
yeah, all the little heads of gum where they belong.
You called it.
Here's a Russian vacation today.
Is he?
I thought he was.
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Does that mean he's on holiday?
Do it right now.
Do it right now.
Here's Mike in World Palm Beach who says I saw a small village.
That the story right is must have been on drugs.
Maybe they got him from rush.
Yes.
When they wrote this one, a lot of weird schmit.
Maybe it was because Rucker Howard was in it.
Was he in it?
Yes.
Oh.
That never told me that.
I love Rucker Howard.
I didn't know you like Rucker.
Rucker.
Rutz Gar.
He's fat and old now.
I talk about him all the time.
Why don't you talk about the hits?
I think your food's right.
But I thought the WB channel in Palm Beach doesn't show a small village.
I don't know when they show it so I can catch it on satellite.
I heard Stan Major on the light bulb the other day with Normani said on the air
that you had a four-sale son on your house what an asshole he is.
As a matter of fact, I didn't even know if it's still there.
I did have a four-sale because I was going to sell it and buy a different house.
What the hell is that?
I have to do with anything.
PS, you'll ever see your two grand.
You're right, Mike.
Huh.
PS, well QA, I'm single.
I ever get better.
Even in Broward, a single sucks.
Nancy, your question, Mike, is no.
Stan Major must have been driving over to my house to see if I could borrow one of my Corvette.
The answer is still no Stan.
You backstabbing piece of crap.
Now here's the facts, the long facts.
Wow.
It's one thing for people to call a question whether Russia's McNabb comments were racist.
It's altogether another thing to be oblivious to how stupid they were.
Perhaps 25 years ago when Black Quartermaks like Doug Williams were first around to make the win the NFL,
it would have been true that the press wanted to buy, but I said all this yesterday.
Then I talk about Doug Williams.
I don't remember.
Yes.
The underlying truth is, of course, that like most right wingers, Russia's made a fat career out of the racial paranoia of whites,
but that's a good way to put it.
Such imaginary race-based explanation, they're just natural for somebody like him.
He's the photo negative of one of the people he despises most, the odious Jesse Jackson.
Both are lying, deceptive scamsters who play to the racial fears of the respective audiences.
But at least in the case of Jackson, you might understand how he got twisted into such a character growing up out of the Jim Crow laws in the South,
seeing Martin Luther King assassinated in front of him, etc.
Please note, I'm not excusing Jesse just offering a possible explanation for him.
Russian, as you'll come the other hand, are just demagogues getting rich on these stupidity of the American people and you're very...
I'm going to look correctly.
You're right, thumb right on it.
Best facts ever.
Right.
Popped the Salfus I got Norm Ken.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's Lauderdale. Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes?
He's got some fellow Nazi by the name of Tom Sullivan sitting in form today.
Oh, so he is on vacation.
Well, I don't know if it was a planned vacation or it's a...
Oh, wouldn't that be great?
Well, yeah, he was in Philly this morning and I don't know what he's doing now, but he's not in here.
Oh, he's probably on his way to get the refreshing supply.
Thank you to the good news, pal.
How you like that?
So, Russia's not...
Okay, it's safe.
Everybody can come back now, okay?
Russia ain't on today.
He's busy popping a few condo whistle or something.
What?
We should blow a horn or something.
The old blow something.
I'll work on it.
Somebody you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work is and we were starting to build a good list here and then all of a sudden they had just...
Peter it out.
199 votes.
I think it's a good poll.
Think about it.
I'm leading.
Nobody's going to touch me.
Unless I want them to.
You arrived here, 73.
Mohawar David at 19.
Michael Jackson 18.
Dick Park 16.
16 like Dick.
Billy Bob Thornton 15.
Russell Crow 13.
Woody Allen 11.
The Humper.
Hank Goldberg has got 70s.
Make a little move.
Richard Dawson 6.
Howard Stern 6.
Bill O'Reilly 4.
James Cameron 4.
Chuck Heston 4.
Rick Riley 2.
Chris Carter 1.
No votes for Pete Rose or George Lucas yet.
No votes for Pete Rose.
Holy Toledo 4.
60.
We got $460 over there.
Rivey Yamaha's Joe Castell over there yet.
Well nice gone job.
Better late than never your little grease ball.
What kind of crap is that?
Got a two hour appearance and he shows up an hour into it almost 50 minutes into it.
But that's okay.
He'll get paid.
He'll still get paid the full amount right?
I don't think he gets paid at all.
This isn't a paid appearance.
I don't think we're doing it.
Rivey Yamaha.
It's got to be some kind of a commercial sweet hard deal.
You know how it works.
We got to be smearing somebody.
Poor Scott Peroll and Casey Mr. Noose they're coming all over Scott's ass man.
He's not too happy about it.
I think it's pardoned.
I guess that wasn't a good way to put it.
Well they don't know what I mean.
They say they're coming down on his ass.
Oh, is that what I said?
Oh, okay.
And boy he is really getting rubbed the wrong way.
Not happy.
If you put him on the ear just like I said with the SPN they put this fat tub of right wing
racist divisive crap on the ear like they expected him to say something unifying, something positive, something pleasant, something significant.
You don't put a politician on it and be talking about football.
That's what it boils down to.
See this is the new deal.
They did it with Dennis Miller.
That was a bomb.
Now we're going to put this guy on there who tried to do it last year and they said we don't think so.
We don't want the controversy.
They put him on there this year and sure enough.
They blew up in their face.
And of course let me remind you of one thing about the National Football League and those pre-game shows.
Yeah.
Who do you think a lot of the people are who watch the NFL and its associated pre-game shows?
Of color.
What color do you think their skin is?
A little on the dark side per act?
Yes.
They're probably not too happy about it.
In addition to which any real football fan wouldn't have been happy about it because they didn't know that it was a totally erroneous comment that was just made to be divisive and sensational.
And get everybody whipped up and we're frenzy.
Nice going rush.
You succeeded.
Even when at the Billy Joe O Sullivan, whatever's name is they still turned over there a lot of IOD.
Well, screw you people.
Okay.
Whatever's there is I what is he on?
I.N.Z.
The IOD.
I.N.Z.
I.N.Z.
Rest in peace.
I'm so sorry.
I said that Fox Sports would have point O-O-O's.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello.
I don't know.
I thought that I lost my junior.
I lost.
I can't hear you man your phone's crap it out.
I think you said Robert Downey junior.
Is what?
Oh, for the list.
Okay.
That's a good one.
I like that.
I love that one.
Robert Downey junior.
Very good.
I played you could hear it because his phone was really weak.
Well, he's in Naples.
Well, he wanted to be easily.
He's probably didn't pay the bill.
The measly beasley's man.
You can see that they're just starting to panic now.
They're all crawling around on that tree.
Each one passing them on to banjo pick.
Boy.
What a sad, sad situation.
You know what it's starting to remind me of?
What?
It's like those golden salad days that I would do.
When Rick and Suts were doing the mornings I was midday, Phil Henry the afternoon, Randy
and I.
We had a, we were kicking ass man.
We had one of the great lineups in broadcast history all day long.
All day, freaking long.
And they didn't know whether to eat or suck the banana.
And as a result they had one epsilon thing because they're, well, I want to go through the whole
history of it, but they just blew it.
And then they're dropping a couple of, oh, and then they're putting one or two of those.
And then maybe a little and one or two far.
It's cause now for all can't play.
Yeah.
That, to me, is the most childish, the most embarrassing, the most humiliating and degrading
thing.
The fact they took Scott's gas away from me.
That's unbelievable.
Is that, is that astonishing?
I'm, no, I can't believe it.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
That's exactly what he said.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
He was clicking.
I'll tell you when on the blanks.
Okay.
It's the usual Oz tom provaka tours, you know.
The other thing past said
would be that he didn't say
any thing at all this is really insane.
But this is what he does with his Radio Shows
and everything else.
He must scrap up spins craft.
His nice craft.
And what he said was he didn't
say anything about McNàcies.
He was talking about the media.
Oh right sure.
Sure, but I can tell you this.
This was the designation was forced.
You can't think anything about it.
I can't...
Yep.
Just kind of like a dumb shulah.
I'm sorry.
But at any rate, first of all, listen.
I mean, I'm a football fan to a point.
I like UR because it's your livelihood.
I don't disagree with you.
And you know, that's exactly what happened.
Anybody who would say that Donovan McNabb is overrated in the media, have this desire
to prop him up.
Like I said, any article in the daily in whatever paper was this morning, seven starting
quarterbacks Sunday were black, two others were injured or there would have been nine.
And then the media got some kind of, it's an issue that died 10 years ago.
Right.
Exactly.
Like Russia.
I'll tell you what happened by the way, a little bit of insight, okay?
The first week he was on, the first show, he talked about the failed affirmative action
policy in the NFL for coaches.
And then he did a little thing about that.
And they told him after that that they want him to spark controversy, but they want him
to stay away from the politics.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what does he come back and do three weeks later?
Exactly what they told him not to.
Yeah.
Well, it was a bad mistake.
Like I said before, it would be like if NBC fired Tom Brokhan, put Ozzy Osborne on to
do the nightly news.
And when the first 30 seconds, he said drop the F bomb about six times and they got all
then out of shape and act like they were surprised.
You know, they got exactly what they should have known they were going to get.
And it's tourists.
Yep.
Good to hear from you.
Now, what are you doing in there?
You're not working today.
I'm working on a project for somebody that requires some research.
So I'm in here working.
Some research.
Hey, listen, don't overdo it, man.
No, I won't.
Don't worry about that.
I like your schedule this week.
You're starting to make me jealous.
What's the schedule?
I don't have a schedule.
Exactly.
That's what I'm talking about.
Take care of something.
I'll be back Tuesday, Neil.
See you then.
More pay and less work.
That's the QMF in a way.
Hey, let me tell you were the one who told me a year ago.
Okay.
You said just ride this gravy train and don't worry about it.
Did you not tell me that?
Absolutely.
Thank you.
You bet.
And I'm congratulating you.
You're doing a hell of a job.
And the mad dog too.
He works about two days a month.
It's not a bad deal all the time.
Now, I'll take it.
Anyway, we're like about five minutes behind.
One o'clock at 5'60 WQM if you're looking for a really good place
to eat.
Vickon herbs.
They were around in Rochester from 1934.
Even us old Rochesterians, I'm not quite that old,
but at any rate, love vickon herbs and a Rochester white hot
and all the good stuff with that special hot sauce on them.
And now the good news for you is that vickon herbs,
not just in Rochester, but they're on federal highway
just south of Broadway, Bolivar, and the tunnel,
on the east side and for Lauderdale.
Vickon herbs is like a flashback in time
to what great stuff used to be before fast food junk.
Going enjoy a burger or hot dog serve hot fresh and fast.
Vickon herbs is being brought to buy the same folks
who feed you cheaper, or cheaper.
They use the same fresh 100% ground stock meat as cheaper
for cheaper and offer you an incredible quarter pound hot dog.
What makes vickon herbs different for anybody?
Also, is that like I said, the burgers and dogs
are served with a big signature meat sauce poured on top,
giving you accommodation flavors that'll do a tap dance
in your push.
And if you want to try something else really good,
they've got lots of good dishes on the menu,
including a great breakfast menu.
On let's cook the order, French toast, pancakes,
all your favorites.
So go buy vickon herbs and you'll understand
what Rochesterians have been excited about for a coons age.
Vickon herbs, they're on federal highway
just south of the,
Broward, Bolivar, and the tunnel on the east side.
Be sure and tell them that old Rochesterian,
neo-Rodges from Brighton, New York,
sent you by to Vick and herbs.
Buy the local, this is five cities.
The rain is all yours now.
Oh, you're here!
But it's the one to two hour.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I was mentioned out a little.
The other night I went there and saw the pole.
Now you look at what got the white.
I put on a fresh dependent before I realized
I get a tiny cake between my dot and the bow.
Got a mask.
I got a diaper ring.
Got a mask.
From all them scenes, it's in my eyes.
Got a mask.
I don't like fingers at best.
I don't like the mask.
I got a diaper ring.
I think pictures with some counters
are quite a bit easy.
I get so the bigger than I saw this kind of beast.
I like my finger up there when I speak to get clogged.
From all them have written in the super-asset.
Got a mask.
I got a diaper ring.
Got a mask.
That's why I wear baggy pants.
Got a mask.
I get the room for gold pants.
Got a mask.
I got some diaper ring.
That might be fine, but when I lose control,
you can hear the rust when I scratch my hole.
I scratch on a little gold mine.
A little flat for my screw, Kennedy.
Out from my baggy pants, I'm yours in dripsy.
You'll be so my trouble to me, baby.
Yeah, Bob, just put a rubber band around your paws like this.
Now, how dare you touch my paws so much?
How can I get it?
The pain was rubbing as my paws were soy-glue.
You see, there was only one thing I couldn't do.
I asked Kennedy to kiss my poo-goo.
And I got a resist.
The kiss is too much.
I get the diaper ring.
Hey, kiss this time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I put a pillow on the back.
Under his back.
And now I feel so relaxed.
Oh, yeah.
You're my roommate.
Oh, yeah.
You like some of my showin' in there?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
106 at 560 WQM.
Don't forget, Joe and, uh, Shoe.
Oh, Joe and Miguel.
And, yes, and Rivea Yamaha have raised $700.
All right.
And it is pro bono for Joe.
Thanks, Joe.
But he still should have been there on time.
Because he used to work there.
He what?
He used to work there, so it's not.
Oh, he did.
He used to work at Rivea Yamaha.
Well, listen, don't put your night job.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Anyway, 3671 North-XI Highway Pompano Beach.
That's Dixie and Sample.
For those of you who need to come up as an aerodonap,
how much again?
700 and what?
700 and zero.
700 and zero.
But that's a good first hour.
Now, if we could do that again in the second hour,
we could do like a 14, 15-number bucks today
for band-of-pepperous youths about time.
Get wet, folks, okay?
Spring was with a little cash.
Right.
For those poor little dogs at cats and, uh,
parrots and parakeets and cockatoo.
Let's get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, 5, 60.
So you heard it right from the horses mouth
from the hump, or anisha note,
because he's about to be inside track, chest.
Harden that expression of the ESPN,
and make no mistake about it,
because he happens to work there.
And so, like I'd put it in the beginning of the show,
there was no resignation.
They asked for his resignation.
They said, about a way you're fired,
but if you want to make it look like you could,
uh, we'll do whatever you want.
Just like what happens all the time.
Who would have been too embarrassing,
especially after only four weeks to say,
you're fired to the, you know, that would have been bad.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
With all these skeletons flying out of the closet,
maybe Russia's celebrating Halloween early this year.
And maybe he's head-spin on Ferell's,
you know, you're having such a problem with Mo and Greg
and your, uh, your agent,
maybe, uh, Russia was hedging in on their pill supply or something.
Okay, great.
Excellent.
I put on your thinking cap and we'll all sit down,
like put our hand to our forehead
and try to figure out what the hell he was talking about.
Do you have any idea?
No, no.
Neil Rogers 83.
I'm an asshole, man.
I might have to play Dennis Lurie before the end of the show today,
even though this is a pull that'll go out for tomorrow.
Because I don't think anybody's going to even come close.
No.
Do you?
Nobody has even in my league, man.
But that's four and a half minutes.
I could just play.
Asshole.
Just play that.
Anyway, I got 84 votes.
Somebody who think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work.
I'm pleased as punch.
Or speaking of assholes, there's Bob Novak.
Mohawar David in 22.
He's tag with Michael Jackson.
I see a lot of similarities there.
Absolutely.
22.
A piece.
Woody Allen 18.
Russell Crowe 18.
Dick Clark 17 for Dick.
Billy Bob Thornton, that was your choice.
15.
Hank Oldberg 11 for the Humper.
Chuck Heston 10.
Howard Spurms, God nine.
Richard Dawson, only six.
I don't understand that.
I guess they don't like his work because it's a time thing again.
Right.
You have to be an old fart like me and Vokabrion to enjoy.
The original family feud.
And also what you call it.
Hogan Thieros.
Hogan Thieros.
And what about with Jean-Rabur, Mashgame?
Okay.
When his run go get a little bit to the three.
I'll show you all of it.
Rick Riley 5, Bill O'Rally 5, James Cameron 5, PD Rose's got three.
Chris Codd has got one.
George Lucas won a Robert Downey Jr.
Don't have any.
None.
Which means there are probably a lot of people out there
think he's an asshole, but they don't enjoy his work yet.
At least not enough to vote for him.
Out of 252 votes.
We're getting there.
Seven hundred bucks in the first hour.
That's pretty damn good.
I'm going to have to get a review on the home of their
Palm Pato Beach on the quarter of Dixie in Sanford Road.
Let's get with it.
Let's go.
Let's get this fundraiser on the.
Well now it's October.
See, so I mean, because ordinarily every year we do October, November, December, right?
Right.
And even though, of course, it is the Jew holidays.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of right wingers.
Yes.
Last night, Phil Hendry made the statement that I racked.
Are you sure?
I had been training and funding terrorists.
Now, you know, even the Bush administration has had to admit that there was no evidence of that.
Isn't it amazing how some of these people had this coincidental conversion these last few months?
He's just like going off the deep end.
Yeah.
And I just make it a little statement.
You know, Iraq was a threat to this country.
But he was serious when he was saying this because with Phil, you really have to know.
No, no, no, this was serious.
Not stick.
It wasn't it wasn't a bit.
It was when he was serious.
And just unreal, you know, it's.
The thing, you know, with this right wing talk radio, I mean, it's bad for the country because, you know, there's no other view.
Right.
And even though Gordon, I was talking about getting a whole of news world from CBC and making it into a.
A slanted left.
See, as far as I'm concerned, all the TV news shouldn't be left or right.
It should be like, honest, tell us what's really going on like CBC.
I know that's a revolutionary concept.
But as far as talk radio, which is based on people's opinions, you're right.
You know, they've been talking for over a year now.
Oh, we're going to have this liberal talk that where can I tell you was never going to happen.
And I probably won't.
I don't think it's going to happen.
Well, you know, everything that the Bush administration made though about this war, every claim.
Was I long?
I went on Buzz Flash.
I'd go on the same day and make you shoot the thing down completely.
But you never saw it in the, you know, major media or on talk radio or anything, you know.
So like I say, it's become a real danger to the country, you know, it's censorship.
Get that passport out, man.
I'll see you at the border.
Okay.
Okay. Good luck.
560, 705, 60, pound 560.
I'll be the one that the fat one rolled across Niagara Falls in a barrel.
I'll extend a hand of friendship across the border.
It's election day and Ontario today.
We're going to say goodbye to the conservatives, which quite frankly, I know very little about Canadian politics.
Under then, you know, it's also screwed up and there's a lot of losers like Ernie Eves.
But how the conservatives ever got a hold of Ontario of this sub-provence?
I don't know.
Because tomorrow's got the overwhelming majority of the population in the province.
And Toronto is so liberal, it's almost scary even to me, you know, progressive.
Yes.
It's a good word, progressive.
I want to say liberal, that's bad.
Although they even call them the liberals, the party, the liberals in the Tories and the NDP.
The new Democratic Party, which is a bunch of conservatives also, can't figure them out.
But they're saying goodbye to Ernie Eves today.
He's like about 20 points behind in the polls.
Bye-bye Ernie or a loser.
And it's going to replace him.
Darren McGinnies got a personality like a food fly.
He doesn't have one.
Here's the fact that it says, Mr. Limbaugh, meet your new neighbor.
I love it, meet your new neighbor.
Mrs. Goldfarb, hey, Sarah.
Come on, Sarah, let's do a little dance for Rush.
There we go.
Oh, the dog, the big dog.
The big dog.
The big dog.
All the ditto heads calling him with their whole eye.
Don't like Rush but act is so lame.
It says, you people are pathetic.
Rush could have been a huge steaming pile of crap from his rectum.
And if he told you.
This is the best facts of all time.
Continue.
Rush could have made a huge steaming pile of crap from his rectum.
And if he told you it was cotton candy, you would lick it clean.
Oh, you are absolutely correct.
Newsflags from the obesity and broadcasting network all ditto heads.
Rush just announced that all good conservative Americans must discharge
a 45 caliber bullet to their skull immediately.
It's the conservative thing to do.
If you don't, you're just a stinking American,
you can hate American hating liberal.
I'm saving this facts.
That is great.
I love it.
He could have made a huge steaming pile.
They probably be picking up for seeds but for like pills, you know.
Do you have to have like an acarpit business they call them remnants?
Oh, look at that.
That looks like an oxymoron pill over there.
Undozole chunks.
Grab it.
Yeah, if we only swallow that now, we can be just as smart as Rush.
114 if five reminds me of this pickup truck driving guy.
I put it that's the right immobile station nearby at 595 in the Nub Hill or wherever.
Flamingo.
Flamingo.
It's a few years ago when I was at the misfortune of being there all the time.
And I pull in one day and it's like, I don't know, like 240, 230.
And the guys, you know, he's outside.
He's filling the gap. He's got the radio.
Oh, I'm sorry, Neil. I'm listening to Rush.
Even his doberman looking fierce back in the back of the pickup in the cab.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked, if your paycheck isn't even enough to talk about,
here's an answer for I've been telling about these people until I'm blue in the pus.
But you got to do something about it.
You got to at least make the call. There's no obligation to folks at Fast Train.
They'll tell you just how they can change your life for the better and get you a big fat paycheck
and make you like a real bench like a person.
Fast Train offers you job placement assistance, convenient day evening weekend schedules,
and with six locations all over the state, including four in soundflow,
there's likely to be a fast train for a convenient to where you live.
There's no end to the demand for computer professionals.
So get yourself a great computer career.
Thanks to the training you'll get at Fast Train.
Call them today and say goodbye to your dead-end job and at Aswell Boss you're working for
and they measly, beastly paycheck you're probably getting like Scott who don't have two pennies to rub together.
Call tool free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
No excuses, no more.
Also make the call today.
Check a lot of the web first at FastTRAIN.com and then call me,
be sure to mention Todd Dreck's name that'll really endear you to them.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
We're sports radio 560.
UAM.
Silence with.
Silence with.
Silence with.
Honest give me another beer.
All right.
It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street.
See them on the sidewalk.
Oh, you're them shuffling feet.
That's 1-8,000 assholes doing assholes from the maze.
Step aside good people as the assholes are afraid.
You got the assholes for freedom.
The assholes for fun.
The assholes for Jesus.
The assholes for guns.
The assholes for justice.
The assholes for crime.
The assholes for assholes.
The assholes are all good.
We've got assholes making money, we're making all the rules,
We're taking all our jobs, and they're filling us by schools.
Assholes on the water, assholes on the skies,
And the city of wanted only assholes made them fly.
Oh teach you what you tell me, and I really made the grade.
I have my class, or am I just another asshole on the grade?
Assholes get the orders, and assholes grow to boat.
Assholes get elected, because assholes get some votes.
I once heard it said, that all assholes never die,
And they just lay in your bed, and you get a small piece of life.
Assholes in the morning,
Assholes every night, assholes to land, and assholes to the grave.
Assholes get the 40,000 assholes to land, assholes around the land.
That's a side good people in the assholes on the rain.
The 40,000 assholes are in the air, and they're in the air.
The 40,000 assholes are in the air, and they're in the air.
The 40,000 assholes are in the air, and they're in the air.
The 40,000 assholes are in the air, and they're in the air.
The 40,000 assholes are in the air, and they're in the air.
And then you got five o'clock.
It's Huracun's game day, because 730 is the Huracun's in the West Virginia Mountain Ears.
Everybody whooped them about that game.
And I don't know what's on after, or till 1130, so that's enough.
How we doing out there at the River Yamaha, thanks again to Joe Castella for probably help set that up,
because he used to work there, and for helping us out, as opposed to ripping him and ass for being nearly an hour late.
Yeah.
And we got 700 and what?
Oh, I don't know, no new report.
Okay, so there must be lined up out there for the rest of the year.
I was out taking a pee, so they could have called.
He may have been trying to call desperately.
A high school student has the right to wear a t-shirt to school with a face of president Bush,
and the words international terrorist on the front of federal judges ruled.
Oh!
There was no evidence that the t-shirt created any disturbance or disruption.
US District Judge Pactral J. Duggan said in a ruling release yesterday by the ACLU of Michigan
would sue the Dearborn School District on behalf of Bretton Barber.
An assistant principal at ordered Barber to provide a concealing anti-Bush message or go home.
Dearborn High said a word about inflaming passions of the suburban Detroit School,
where majority of the students are Arab American.
But the judge said the record doesn't reveal any basis for the assistant principal's fear aside from his belief
that the t-shirt conveyed an unpopular political message.
Attorneys for the school district declined to come out of the case.
There was no answer at their office's Wednesday night at their office.
The court's decision reaffirms the principal that students don't give up their right to express opinions on matters of public importance once they enter school,
carrying Ma's executive director of the state ACLU said in news release yesterday.
Barber was 16 when he wore the shirt on a day he was scheduled to present a comparing contrast essay in English class.
Barber had chosen to compare president Bush to former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein.
At the time, Bretton said he wanted to express his anti-war position by wearing the shirt which he ordered on the Internet.
International terrorist on the front and president Bush, I wonder where we get those on the Internet?
Somewhere, okay, well we'll find out.
We'll find out, we'll get the website for us so everybody can order one.
They're finally starting to catch on.
56670560.560 on the AT&T. Michael Mayo had a good comedy, might actually read some of it about 10 words.
Actually made some sense, nice going Mike.
Once a year he really comes through.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I got a suggestion for you Paul.
Okay.
Bob Costa.
Who?
Bob Costa, whatever in the name of it.
Bob Costa is Bob Costa's.
Yeah, little twerp, okay?
Yeah, he's not a big ass, he's a little one.
He's a schmuck.
Hey, you want to choose back?
For every soldier that dies, we send two Republicans over there.
Okay, for every soldier that dies, we send two thousand Republicans out of the country.
Good idea.
Good thing, man.
Nice going.
Have a good day.
Bob Costa, you got a little bobby under there.
Let's dribble up, not a cord, huh?
I could kind of like dribble down my chin when I think of Bob Costa.
She makes me feel like he has such a twerp.
Such a, oh, in fact, didn't we do a twerk pull?
I'm not sure we did, we should.
I never should.
Because Geldy would have to be under the twerk pull.
I don't care what you say.
He's just a tall twerp.
Okay.
Bob Costa is a little, a widowed twerp.
He's just like a widowed dwarf.
He's a widowed twerp.
Neo Rogers 93 votes, man.
Am I an asshole or what?
And proud of it.
Somebody who thinks is an asshole that enjoys it.
I've seen it in the beginning.
I thought, well, that's very negative, but it's very positive.
Yes, because even though they think I'm the world's biggest asshole or at least I'm in the running,
they love the show so much.
They cannot bring themselves to say goodbye.
Like that fixed it, Carter, that was screaming in hyperventilating.
If you missed that call, boys and girls, you missed one of the great calls of all time.
Even a butchered calf, even Linda Lovelace never screamed like that, even when Harry reamed.
Neo Rogers 93, Michael Jackson 23, Moa Howard David in 22, Woody Allen 22, Russell Crowe 20,
asshole votes.
Dick Clark and Billy Mop Thornton 17, same person.
Hank Goldberg 16 for the Humper, 13 for Howard Spurm, 11 for Chuck Heston,
everybody else including the anxious Bill O'Reilly small potato single digits.
This is Courts 20 on 5-6.
QAM.
All right.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
No.
Venus has herself achieved her best in overjoy parking pony since I've seen her before on this public holiday.
I've thought of ways to think of you, but that never did go too fast to think, so...
In machst o' fight, she moves to hell.
far you'd think that's okay eight hundred twenty we'll get to a thousand or
else they're not leaving till we get at least a thousand I don't want to start
playing bush boss we got to get a thousand today also some incredible news from
the Palm Beach post which I'm just checking online they're doing a pool today
how do you feel about Rush Labos resignation following comments about Donovan
McNabb there's eighteen hundred and twelve votes I keep in mind this is in very
very right-wingish Palm Beach okay okay 49% say he had to go voluntarily or
otherwise 49% say no action by ESPN or limbaugh was needed and put a two
percent say he should have apologized to McNabb and have been reprimanded
nothing more so it's about 50 50 how do you like that impressive as opposed
to the usual overwhelming diddlehead the response you'd expect to get and the
best news of all is and see I forgot about this and I probably could have
done this morning before the show but I it just looked my mind it'll say
something great for tomorrow here's a picture in the Palm Beach post on a
website of this new October 14 issue of our favorite the national inquire which
you know is just sitting waiting for me right at the new stand next door
mm-hmm Rush Limbaugh caught in drug ring cops probe nails him drug deals went down
here and it shows actually a picture of the drugs of the play huh let's
just let me take a look at this all right I mean maybe that is a dandy's I don't
know his drug supplier tells all Russia's secret narcotics edition caught in
drug ring so there's a lot more of this story than just the daily news through
that I read before so the national inquire world explosive let's hear it
we know that if it's in the inquire which of course is in Lantana right next
door they probably have pictures in the whole deal and that great that is great
hey Rush stuff had baby was speaking of Nazis look who's there quickly as
possible and US forces and coalition forces can turn that responsibility over to
the Iraqis yeah once you get us start talking about and tracks five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line slowly but and actually
not slowly but very rapidly this whole right when things are into crumble you
know sir like it did before Arles grab it all kinds of ass and he's on their
all apologetic he wants to be a great leader for the women he's gonna show
them he's gonna be a wonderful leader for everybody and the women included and
he apologizes all the terrible things he didn't all the all the broadies screwed
and felt up and the grabbed and raped it and stuff like that maybe here's a
call from plantation acres hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir I got
another spin on this thing I work for a life of an NFL a power manufacturer
right and as you know besides urban where in the inner cities you know
athletic types of jerseys t-shirts hats probably account for over 70% of all
the stuff sold in the inner city and like you know he stood off he is the six
largest city with over five million people now the NFL is not protecting
McNabb but McNabb jersey McNabb t-shirts anything whatever he does even his
chunky Campbell suit commercial these kids emulate this stuff yeah and you
know who knows now Rush Limbo a lot of board directors how do you know he's not
on Nike rebats or new era who makes the hat you don't know this but the fact
that a matter is it's another way to look at this you know and that fact is
that McNabb and what exactly what is that mean well I just think that Rush Limbo
all kind of stirred the pile a little bit you know he didn't make a stupid type of
we mark but so in other words you think because he said that they're gonna
some more down of it McNabb jerseys now I well look at the Kobe Bryant thing did
do's in it yeah oh by the way he's a he's on his way to Hawaii where everybody got
there he's going to camp and one last thing what is it with on the knick-knack
we're in just a Muslim pipe hat the Jim Brown God I'm out of material
okay ask him and maybe he'll tell you I have a feeling I know where that call was
coming from don't you yeah I'm taking a while how can you miss it says this
facts Kelsey grammar self-righteous asshole with the funny show and did
oh head to boot what a jackass it says I wish I could say that the way most
is it what a jackass or the way book of Brian does most voice what a jackass so
anyway Kelsey grammar get that idiot on there
somebody you think is an asshole but enjoy their work years Neil Rogers 99
Michael Jackson 23 Woody Allen 22 Mohawi David of 22 and last call was so far out
left field that even who's a great left field head Williams couldn't
the found him did I say Hank Goldberg 21 Russell Crowe 20 Howard sperm 18 Dick
Clark 17 Billy Bob Thurton 17 Chuck Heston 13 Bill Arrallis and double digits
with 10 and Rick Riley and the Pee Roser on his ass with eight it's Riley and
Joe Riley 820 we'll get to a grand won't we please say yes yes or else or
else or else Miguel and the Joe have to put up the balance here's Miami hello
pretty good hey look you guys are starting to find your
Andy Road show I told you call screen you guys need to get your act together okay I
don't listen to you guys for politics I want to hear fart jokes and I want to
hear about okay well turn on turn on the part man okay asshole the fart
channel yeah here's another one giving us instructions what we want to talk about
and another another radio groupies tell us about what Randy talks about another
your radio or your talk show groupie okay you got old enough to be a talk show
group you're a simple did man your idiot yeah just played about to fart noises for
four hours okay although I guess we will have to double our efforts now that
for all can't play any for oh would appreciate it okay and the last
punk you like it too in fact I got a better idea pal why don't you just spread
your cheeks right now and just squeeze as hard as you can let's hope it's not
solid or liquid oh you shouldn't have said that yeah here's Jupiter hello oh
hey yes sir I just wanted to give you an update on smallville situation a
voucher show unfortunately it's not good or Sunday they've decided to start
airing the first episode of the series so thanks a lot WB well what does that
mean remember the very first episode smallville yeah but they're good air on
Sunday they're not what's that because I think they're trying to promote the new
DVD of the first season so they can go and get you a buy that so you can see
all the pictures no chance anyway up here in Jupiter smallville actually here
tonight at 10 p.m one of your covers was wondering for the Palm Beach area right so
maybe someone will go and take them send it to you okay I already emailed you
about this sorry about that and the only arthas I called an earlier before I'm
a college student I found a nurse doing up here who also was in
here so he just kept saying about 30 a million times during the man yeah so
you should feel proud I'm grateful all your work right now thanks for all your
work man thanks a lot pal have a great day do thank you got two college students
in Palm Beach let's have a show and they don't just want to hear fart noises all day
like that other illiterate scumbag they just called it oh we want to hear
politics well listen to Randy Rhodes you little symbol then in itself speaks
volumes you know like somebody once had good intentions but oh so
misguided poor goddess goddess where we are today oh nice he's gonna be
syndicated what does that tell you that I guess that leaves me as the last one in
the in the universe who's not syndicated nice going normal hey how about that
bubble head doll as you faggot you silly person you you idiot you silly goose
but you just keep hanging around with Stan major and John Broward and all the
other dead talk show host man you're gonna be a star someday
flyline and look go ahead sports radio
Oh
Oh
143 at 560 I just got a great inspiration
So every day when we do the 10 o'clock crossover with the rail with Scott for
Rale mm-hmm. I'm gonna play that in the background. Okay
And you know because it'll be after 10 it'll be my show on my time
They can't say boo about that. Boo. Oh, and that'll be a wave and also that takes care
That punk that wanted her a bunch of crap because he's a moron. They can get his fix in
It's just like kind of like when I play this in the background of the rush stories
Now of course they're not gonna give you the whole story on their website on the inquire but never less here's the picture
And it inspires me to rush right out and buy a copy this afternoon, which I will
Top-rated radio host rush limbaugh has been secretly battling addiction in narcotics
And he's in broil in a high priority drug ring investigation
The inquire reveals in a blockbuster exclusive
Oh my god
His former housekeeper Wilma Klein has told prosecutors that she illegally supplied rush with thousands of painkillers
Including highly dangerous
Oxey Contan over four years which like the guy said makes him an oxymoron
The issue that goes on sale today features a world exclusive interview with Wilma
Shows emails rush centers seeking more and more oxy-contin the explosives that rushes gone through drug detox twice and much much more smores
How do you like that?
Can't imagine what we're talking about here tomorrow 1040
Well frequent who's on 1040 oh, that's the amount we got
I know what we got a worth thousand. That's good. Yes
1040 we still got a quarter of an hour to go there be via my hop you're in the hood
Quarter of a Dixie highway in Sample Road in Pompano Beach stop fine pick up your best in LCDs
And the more Howard David in the keychains which are something
And the gym managed the mad dog keychain. Oh right and what somebody called in and then someone else facts in
International terrorists calm is where you can get that shirt
Oh great. Well, let me write that right on there international terrorists calm. Okay. Well, I guess it's here
International terrorists calm. Here we go. That was easy. No
Excellent. Thank you very much everybody's like doing pretty good today except for that hysterical woman and the kid who wants to hear a lot of fart
Three more
Okay, that's our quota because management says we can't fart more than 30 times an hour
That's it. That's a new regulation rules and regs at QAM. Beasley Broadcasting
That's our new fart control
Somebody you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work is yours truly man
102 votes. There ain't nobody can touch me. You can't touch it
Michael's action 25 Woody Allen 24 Hank Goldberg 23 Russell Crowe and Mohawar david at 22 a piece
Howard sperm 19 and after that who cares? Do we care? So tomorrow
I boy that's gonna be my homework. I sure so I hope well they you know they will because we always have the tabloids here like we said
I know love it. It'll be out there trust me. Here's Bokeh. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing pretty good? Yeah, I think Charles Grodenship beyond that list too. You like his work?
Some of it. Yeah, some of the movie's been it was pretty funny. Yeah, okay
And uh, but you're right about one thing boy. He's a major asshole
I've been listening to you for 19 years now and you got a great show. Yes, I do and you work better alone Neil bye
There's another shot at poor little George
See, I don't know what that means that work better alone
I am doing a show alone effect of George is making a few grunts and groans
What is it? Well, it's always been like that. How many years have been doing that?
What is he talking about just another retool to shot at you boy. They hate you. Yeah. Oh, that's right. How come no
Well, see we could have put you on here, but then they'd be on the other one you hate their work, but they're a good guy
Oh
Know that you know something. It's not a bad idea. Keep that in mind. Keep that in reserve in case we run out of polls and about like tomorrow
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon
Lyraless line here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
I'd like to convey to you
Yeah, one is I think I have a solution for a 3000 year follow between the Muslims and the Jews
And I think it would be if the children were me each other and they would have marriages and uh and have children
There would be no more war right
You know everybody in the world's got to enter married by the end of the week
Or
I think that uh sports and nigger
See the way he said that just means
No, I mean he said sports and nigger and I mean he but the way he said that leads me to wonder
56705 60
Plus it's almost two o'clock you know, I'm saying why at this point uh invite
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon he doesn't have good point though
There's a lot of interracial marriage here in Toronto and as a result you have a lot of people like you can't really tell what they are
You know, I mean and I really mean in every sense. I say which makes it pretty interesting
You're like you know unwrapping the package exactly well. What is that and what the hell is that?
There's like that
Here's Miami. What is this? Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I have a spire report and the question go ahead
I was just down at the Marlins office in little Havana
And the line is around the corner. Oh, all right
I also wondered if I could go on hold for the free Marlins tickets
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
But we had a lot of people earlier admitted that their bandwagon jumpers did not real Marlin fans
But it's something good. You know, if you come across something good
You want to squeeze it and feel it and hold it and savor it and sniff it and lick it and things like that
Just like that pilot rush left that all those little heads want to lick
I'm saving this facts forever. I'm going to read it again
Because it's so good. This could be one of the all-time greatest facts is not just on this show, but in a history of the human race
All the ditto heads calling in with their whole. I don't like rush butt act is so lame
You people are pathetic rush could he made a huge steaming pile of crap from his rectum
And if he told you was cotton candy you would lick it clean
Mr. Limbaugh meet your new neighbor Mrs. Goldfarb aka Sarah
And it says newsflash from eib the obesity and broadcasting network all ditto heads rush just announced that all good conservative Americans must discharge a
45 caliber bullets into their skull immediately. It's the conservative thing to do if you don't you're just thinking
America hating liberal greatest facts ever from my
rums squatten
10 till two we got the mad dog at two no hopper today because he's been over work
I didn't help him just come in and chat with us briefly
Told us that from his sources at ESPN. There was no question about a rush limbaugh did not resign
He was told to resign he was canned they canned rushes ass
And of course the ditto heads will be wanting to know where they can buy it
They want that show afford over the hunker hurricane game day at six hercones at a West Virginia mountaineers another girl's school tonight
Are they any good West Virginia? Scott?
No, not really like I said the hercones pound out another girl's school right there in the orange bull 732 night
Dante
jumpin' wllop Committin'
Skinny
Sweet
David Sullenwater, the PV
Oh A black aque musicians
Incident적인
Christian Supercells, we've finally been ordered
While fondling their nuts, oh, I'd love to know, I'd love to know
What Christian Supercells, most of why they take me from the factory gate
They're telling that to macaroni and cheese
Gun holes in the bitch, he just in case they reproduce
That's just a battle they're allowed to do
Why love to know, why love to know, why love to know
Why love to know, why love to know, why love to know
Do they get us rolling, huh? While meaning out their gun, whoa
Why love to know, why love to know, what Christian Supercells
Do they polish up the fish, on the tailgate of their truck
Where do they get us? Why love to know, why love to know, why love to know, what Christian Supercells
See that standing heat and sit back down, I can't get you
They watch it all down with their twelfack of fruit
Give a life aboard a puff of heaven you go
Got only smile the fun, holding that song
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
I'd love to know, why love to know, why love to know, why love to know, why love to know, why love to know
All right, back on air
Good
How's that pull coming on the Palm Beach post-blog away?
Oh yes, see all the ditto heads are running out
No action by ESPN or limbaugh was needed
2150, well of course in the middle of when his fill in his on air, probably not a good idea to be looking at it
51% like 47% but even 47% said he had to go one way or the other, had to go
Anything to call from Palm Beach is a mighty important about that Palm Beach, hello?
Good afternoon Neil
Yes sir
I'm like to talk about this controversy for Scott and the Nav for a second if I made it
Time's up
Hello
Go ahead, he said for a second
So I went, he's the only job he's been now is black man and let's look at them then by trying to make a joke of this
And no, Corbin, he can pay two positions that black man can play opposition
You agree?
Yeah, sure black man can play opposition, is he going to do like prone positions that going to be next?
Pull position, pull position, you know that one too
Anyway, yeah bad fake voice, sweet heart arena deal, I'm so glad that it was a useless call
The one said Palm Beach, I thought maybe for just a second and now wasn't
Michael Mayo, sweet heart arena deal, leave sour taste
And this is just a warning because of all the enthusiasm and the excitement about the Marlins
And they're having a big year and they want to game in a playoffs yesterday and they want one in series
And who knows maybe even go to the World Series and win it again like 97
But it says, do you remember about how all like the big business with the Panthers
Was build as a win-win all around public private partnership when he built the Macarena
Says five years after the National Hockey League franchise moved from Miami to its
Pollatial Sunrise digs, here's how the scorecard reads, the Panthers take of the arena profits $53.7 million
Rowered counties take out of that $331,000
For those who prefer their eye popping figures and percentages, Michael Holda Mayo says
That's 99.4% of the team and 6.10% of 1% to us suckers
It's not meeting our expectations County Finance Director Phil Allen said yesterday
And here's where a bad deal gets even worse
All the rosy revenue projections about the arena, the ones that showed the ridiculously high threshold for
Profituring finally kicking in are out the window
They're out the window, all the money was supposed to be flowing into the County's general conference
Might never even materialize the transit out positive Allen said under the 30 year agreement
The team's allowed to keep the first 14 million annual arena profit after paying a cheer of debt to the Yadi Yadi
And it's another worst make a long story short, it's another boom doggle
County ain't making squat, the team sucks, it's already been sold once
And who knows what evil lurch waiting for another non-playoff season
And of course the lockout the following season, which is highly probable
See what I'm saying George?
No
So I'll get to you for it now what did our final total show up before?
That was it?
That was it
Well we already had 1040 like that's all we had
Are you sure?
Okay well listen I'm not going to grumble about it I said we want to do a thousand once we got to 1040
That was fine thanks to Joe thanks to the lovely Miguel and thanks for the memories
Anyway we got mad dog coming up next who's going to be whipped up and pissed off and fired off
Bye bye bye
Get in the Hummer in the locker room
