This is Jim. Love you, show me, I'll love you, love you. Welcome back to another action factor segment on the WWQA.
Jim, what is this?
M. We're honored to have on the phone. Coach Jim Morris. Hello coach. Hello and how you're
going to know what your tank is on that game last week against the Mercy College Whip and Pooh.
I'd say it was at best, well how can I say it to you?
We played really badly, all that he played badly, and we lost the game.
I don't know what to say.
How the tens of fans that did show up, they were pretty upset.
There was a too bad about the game yesterday against Mrs. Grab Dreece, Thane Graders.
That was tough.
They're playing very well.
No further points were scored.
The team was getting soaked so I told them to go home.
Bring it out by a score.
Thanks for joining us coach. We wish you luck for the remainder of the season.
We'll be back right after this void from Zanzapepsi and Maria Halvagede.
It came in 4th yesterday, Jim Morrison.
Don't you think it should have been above number one?
From 173 votes on yesterday's poll, not too shabby.
We would have had more of George Wooden have been such a hard-ass about Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Of course.
The younger punks out there, we have like 4 or 5 of them, they have no word to vote for.
Give me one name on this list that we had yesterday if your all-time favorite did recording artist,
who somebody out of the age of 100 would vote for.
Kurt Cobain?
There you go.
That's as close, but even today Kurt Cobain is like ancient history.
Yesterday's news.
Right, old news, dead old news, kind of like Jerry Garcia, kind of like current carpenter,
but not quite that old and quite that dead.
Today's a big day, boys. When's the day we got the big noon to one hour,
I'll comedy bits noon to one.
It's a gigantic day and you want to know why, because it's only two days before Friday.
And you wonder what Friday is.
Right, the book.
The rating book is coming out on Friday, boys and girls.
Right.
And everybody from coast to coast and all the ships that see are going to have their eyes on this one.
The fall book.
Do you think there's something symbolic about that term fall book?
Yes, some people are going to stand and some people are going to like fall.
Could be us.
Could be like a precipitous decline, you know.
Ask us if we care.
Do we care?
No.
Now we're beyond that.
We're beyond approving to somebody else's stage.
There are some people around who still need to prove their case.
Not to mention no names, of course, because we don't want to get into personalities.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
Well, let's give the poll for today first, before we give the results, because there's about 400 names on there.
And again, George wants to apologize profusely.
We had people calling in suggesting two back in the notorious B.I.G. and notorious F.A.T. and all these other dead people.
Stevie Ray Vaughan would have got a lot of votes, but George said, uh-uh.
No way Jose, and whatever George says on these polls, because he's the poll expert.
I thought you were.
I'm the poll pervert. You're the poll expert.
Well, yeah, you're the expert on bad polls.
Here's today's poll, which I think is kind of timely, since USA Today says,
El Presidente's popularity speaking of fall, I think, is dropping precipitously.
Still pretty good number, but of course, see, it's hard to tell, because you're measuring these things like week by week.
So you don't know if it's 58% on the way back up, or 58% on the way back down.
And I think we have a feeling that we know, but anyway, here's the poll today.
President Bush's popularity rating is lower than any time since 9-11.
How do you rate his overall job so far?
Got it? Got it.
Five choices.
Outstanding.
Good.
Fear.
Week.
Or he's a total disaster.
Once again, covering from pillar to post the entire spectrum of human sentiment and choices.
We have a comment there already. I can't believe this from Miami. Hello.
How predictable that you're going to start off your day with a poll.
Yeah.
God.
I'm glad you're listening. I'm congratulating you. How predictable. We do it every day.
How predictable. Isn't that great?
Here's the guy that was on their right off the bat to give us a shduch.
How predictable that we started the show at 9 o'clock?
No, how predictable we started the day with an asshole on the phone.
That's pretty predictable. Wouldn't you say?
So we didn't want to let the audience down.
We do it every day on the show, asshole.
And I'm sure you already know that because you're faithful listener.
Let's read it one more time. President Bush's popularity rating is lower than any time since.
And of course, the reason we start the show every day with a poll by the way is because if we wait for like spontaneous comment from the audience,
what we're going to get is the swill, the vermin that we just heard coming through the phone.
We got today in my bug man. We got our friend Steve from Alternative of a term I'm going to have to come in here.
And spray this joint and put his shmere stuff around just to get the cobwebs out of that crap.
Wouldn't you agree? Yes. We all agreed. We just took a vote.
So we agreed your puke on two legs.
We took a poll. We took a poll on it. That's right.
Here's the poll today. And see this guy again, he's one of those right wingers who's all bent out of shape because you know,
USA today is reporting it. I mean, they just give the numbers. If it was 83% instead of 58, you'd be happy about that.
But because you know that he's probably going to get a little ash still here on this poll today from our crowd,
you're not too happy about that. Are you? Because you can't handle the truth. You're an emotional cripple.
That's what Jack Nicholson told me. You can't handle the truth. That's exactly what Jack told me.
President Bush's popularity rating is lower than eight times since 9.11. How do you rate his overall job so far?
Outstanding, good, fair, weak or he's a total disaster. Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Come on in the Ohio. Okay. Wow. That was quick. Well, I'm just taking them one here and there. You know.
Okay. See if we got anybody a good mood out there beside that sour push that started us off with a stochle, the shot.
I'm actually a pretty good mood. Good. A funny segue. You just mentioned alternatives to termite.
I used them about two months ago and it's unbelievable to answer gone. Isn't that amazing?
Yeah, I'm not going to plug it. I know nothing about them. I don't work for them. I didn't do it with them.
But it did work. I figured if you have a sponsor or you mentioned someone that worked on the poll.
They're not a sponsor, but they just happen to be nice people who came into Georgia's place and ended my house.
And the answer all gone and the uncles are moving out next.
You know, I had those little tiny ones and they're gone. But let me just throw one thing out. I got a tiny one.
There you go. I'm not a real politically correct person. I don't really follow politics all that much.
But you know about your poll with George Bush. I do have, I had quite a bit of money in the stock market. Now I have a couple cents in there.
Would you blame him for what's happened there indirectly, directly?
Partly because he's doing the same thing that Reagan. I mean, it started before we came in, but now he's doing the same thing Reagan did with his phony supply side economics to trickle that out.
Which of course don't trickle that name, but you know what's trickling down your leg right now.
Every time you look at your portfolio, how little is left? It's bogus. It's a it's a forest.
It's the it's the traditional steel from the poor give to the rich, give to the big corporations pretending that it's going to create jobs, stimulate the economy and instead it's not working.
And never worry.
And one last thing. More hours. I fucked him.
Oh, no, he's supposed to go.
What the hell was that? Anyway, so there's a good start. He's a little bit better.
But in spite of the fact they lost all his damn money or at least most of it.
We got a few cents. We didn't have any common sense, but we got a few cents left. If I would have had common sense, I wouldn't have concerted with Mitch Hirsch.
I wouldn't have listened to my good friend, Rimmer. See how Rimmer's great for doctors. Thanks again, Rimmer. You're the best on doctors.
Stockbrokers. Not too good.
But doctors the best. My podiatrist, my new cardiologist. I saw yesterday. Of course, I don't want to start waxing too enthusiastic because you know the pattern over the years has always been.
I go and see a new guy. And the first time. It's oh my gosh. This guy was great. And then I don't know.
Then you fight out. They had no idea what they were talking about. But these got both of these guys seem to be really great.
Okay.
Seen to be. Not on.
And tremendous knock on my mic. So you're going to start with a pool. I haven't even given a pool results from yesterday, which I'll get to because how unusual that we'd start to show with a pool.
That would be like how unusual you'd start to show by saying hello. You know, and finishing the show by saying bye, bye, bye.
How unusual and unusual. Revolutionary.
10 minutes after nine at five 60 here in the land of the shower. You gave the time before going into the break. The land. I didn't go. I'm not going to the break. I just said the land of the sour. Now going into break.
So you're interrupting me again. I think you'll see it's all your. She's doing it again. I'll be a place sweeper. He's interrupting me again. This little stick rhymes with prick.
Just cut the crap. Okay. You can be replaced by a Carlos.
Oh, I can't stand the smell of that toothpaste in the tea room there. I go in here to take a leak at about a quarter to nine.
Or whatever 820, whatever it was, he just has come out of there. Obviously. And somebody's in there doing their business and the combination of the smell of the toothpaste combined with the aroma of the.
Whatever's going on in the stall there. I'm going to tell you there's another good reason it's enough to make you swoon. Anyway, can I do the dance spot? We don't want to get too far behind today.
It's Wednesday. We don't have time to catch up. The island actress is one of the great bunch of people in the world. And the reason I say that is because when it comes to getting you a new name brand mattress and unbeatable price would deliver that you never heard of like in your life.
This is the place. And the best part of the whole deal is you don't have to go anywhere. All you have to do is sit there on your ass and make one easy phone call to the island actress and one 800 mattress. One 800 MATT RES.
They'll have you sleeping like a baby all year long with the best name brand mattress. And like I said, at every day low unbeatable price. They got the best seely.
Served as Simmons King Corlan every size and style. And when you call that one 800 MATT RES number, you won't be just talking to an eye and order taker and operator. You'll be talking to an expert vet and consultant hookup with exactly what you'll be looking for.
So if you want to do yourself and you're back a big favor, this is the way to do it. Miguel be doing it. Georgia's done it. And I'm doing it too. And as far as delivery is concerned, you get to choose the date and time and they'll show up right on time when they say.
In fact, they got a 99% on time record when it's convenient for you. That's when they'll be there even today if you call right now.
Here's the toll free number again for dollar mattress. The best in the business. One 800 mattress. One 800 MATT RES. What a great way to start off the new year with a gift for you and your back. A new mattress from Dalmat.
I like the local. This is five cities. The radio's all yours. I like you. I like Neil's pole.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make you do.
I should ever keep paying down on a big black horse. Me trapped his life.
I'm out. How can you've done from impacted bars.
You let these mojo doctors in. Now my heart stops. You schrocks at sign. I for my intestines.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you've given this town.
I would have to leave tomorrow. Here bright evening. That crowd. I swallowed. Why did you let me so do good last.
Why could you lose us. Get it right. My foul will the block inside my heart. Can't make my turds go out.
If you're going to take the road. If you're going to take the road. If you're going to take the road. If you're going to take the road.
Hi. Hi. 15 at 560 WQA. That's how the sick. I'll tell that right now. That's why we like him so much.
Oh, yeah. We'll leave it to you to start out with a disgusting bokeh brine. But yeah. That's right.
In fact, we've already played two vocal Brian bits. We played the Jim Morris one and we played that too.
How predictive. Maybe that guy will be calling and who waits to vote. We hear from him anymore, not.
He gave up. He gave up. He gave up.
For no else, not good.
34 votes already, and I hate to break the bad news to especially like that first that Ojyaan
provocateur that called moments ago. I hate to break the bad news to you sir, but this crowd,
this audience, a very area-dyte people, this ebulliant crowd of ours, 34 votes about President
Bush's overall job so far. Total disaster, 22. Fair for outstanding three, good three, and weak two.
So if you combine total disaster and weak, you got let's see, 69, 70.6%.
How do you like them apples, huh? How do you like them road apples? 70.6%.
But I sure was impressed yesterday when he got under, was talking about
Sodom and about the Iraqi inspectors. He's getting a patient. He's getting sick and darn tired.
Awaiting for right here, putting up with his changing his mind and doing this and doing that.
He's getting sick and tired of it. In other words, come clean now or we don't care. We're going to
blow your ass up anyway. Because I think basically what it boils down to is we're going to blow their
ass up anyway and kill a lot of innocent people in the process, including many Americans.
Yeah, but they didn't find anything.
Oh, and how could I start without getting, we should have beefed in the guys right before the
poll we should have talked about. Amtrak. Right. Did you see that story? He was telling me about it. Wow.
I don't want to get people nervous or anything like that. Amtrak. But there's a story going
on this morning. Postal service tests facility for anthrax, Washington. And I love these stories.
Possible bacteria found in Federal Reserve sample. They didn't say what kind of a sample it was.
Yeah, might have been that. The US Postal Service began testing for anthrax at one of its
Washington facilities after the Federal Reserve said its own testing of mail that indicated the
potential presence of the bacteria. A postal official said yesterday. Tom Day. I wonder if he's
related to Dennis. Tom Day, Vice President of Engineering at the Postal Service emphasized for
that the test being performed out of the an abundance of caution and said that there's no evidence
of anthrax contamination or any health risk to post the workers of the public. And well, what does
that mean? That sounds like double talk to me out of an abundance of caution and there is no
evidence of anthrax contamination or any health risk to post the workers of the public. Results of
the test are expected any moment like earlier day, which it's skin later than you think. It says it's
not clear whether the possible anthrax might have come from a letter or any other piece of mail
they said, though the sample was and wait till you're this, the sample was generally gathered from
the mail process that a government only mail facility in this district of Columbia. It was generally
gathered. What does that mean? I have no idea. I don't want to say that they're double talker,
that's or anything like that, but it was an abundance of caution and it was generally gathered.
It's a bit of a leap, but a bit of a movement like that. Maybe they got some cute
stuff in here. And don't forget it's not a question of if it's a question of when.
Don't forget that. We don't know what or where or who. See these five guys that they got
condoned at fraud that hoax these five Arabs? What about the other 800 that they don't know about
who probably are the evil doers? See that's what I'm concerned about because they always seem to
find the the scamsters that come up with this phony crap. Oh look out for these guys there,
they're the bad guys that come to find out that the guys who are like standing right behind them,
they're the bad guys that we don't know anything about them. But nevertheless just that's right,
just cover yourselves accordingly. Are we still monitoring the most show you bet? From the moment I
get into my car until the moment I got here I was monitoring every single word, every nuance, every
breath. And the squeaky word. I mean everything that was going on man. 66 votes on there and look
oh my god 66 votes. Can you see it on there? Look at the percentage. The percentage of people
say it's total disaster is 44 out of 66. You know what percentage that is? Two thirds. 66.6.
66.6. Oi. First we get a story about anthrax and now we got the old 66.6. I don't want to get
interviewed because it's Wednesday it's Humpty and Noon to One will put a big smile on your
post with some good stuff. How predictable that on Wednesday you'd play comedy but it's Noon to One.
You know what? You're so transparent. I know it just like a paint of glass.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. NEO. Yes? I'm shocked that you started the show with a poll and I
think it's affecting the tone of the show. Yeah you're right. I don't like that tone.
Well how did you like that asshole? I don't like that asshole. I got my MoBitch CD though and I'm
tickled pink about it. That's fantastic. Is that a folk abroad? It's available now and they're
actually sending them out which shocks me because it's the first time I think about two years they
really put anything on there that we set out. Very high quality as far as the production value.
I think if you guys ever write off into the sunset from QIM and resurface you should be on
FM because you get your bits would sound so much better. Oh amen. Amen. Put a bug in somebody's
ear. Hey I'm called the FM radio ferry. NEO did I hear a story on the news this morning?
Was I dreaming that they say they foiled some sort of plot? There was some A-rebs going to blow up.
Yeah, that was yesterday's story for the New York Post which somehow we all missed and with
somehow the news media don't seem to evidently it turns out that was another there wasn't anything to it.
A hoax. So we're going to fly out the hoax now. Right. So we're going to have to put all these people
on to tell the truth with the real gangs through the real terrorists. The real evil doers please
stand up and everybody else sit your ass back down again. I missed a lot of yesterday's show. Did
you did you talk about the death row guys getting all let out? No, we talked yesterday about
music people about dead recording artists. I mean what I did make a comment. I said it's going
to be fine until we have the first woolly horton come along like Michael New Caucus and the first
guy they let off death row. It kills a few people then they're going to say, uh oh not a good idea.
Absolutely. It's called throwing the baby out with the bathwater bathwater.
Fry the rest and have a great day. There you go. Fry the rest. See somebody wanted us to take a
pool member that on out and forget about that on the death penalty. We're angry man. We know it's
wrong. We know that's supposed to kill people. It's hypocritical but the Bible says, right? That
what the Bible says and I for an eye at two for a tooth. Things like that. That's what the Bible says.
And if the Bible says it must be, it's written by some idiots. Here's, can I get to the results
from yesterday's pool? Oh, speaking of the Bible say that. Man, I got so much good stuff here today.
I might not have to take too many damn calls because we don't have any now anyway.
Good letter to the editor in the Sun Centrelay the core problem with religion. I'll get to that by
J.M. Horskivitz in Fort Lauderdale. Nice going J.M.
Get yourself a real name now. I don't, I just don't go for these people who are like by initials,
like J.P. and J.R. and J.C. and what is that? It's a thing. What? It's a thing? Get a name, okay?
Not an initial. Borset sanctity of life day. We'll get to that. That's enough to make
it puke your guts out. But we don't want to influence the outcome of our pool. Here's some really
good news. Suit versus dice. He's gets, go ahead and Broward County. Case involving two priests,
even though the Catholic Church tried to block it. Editorial in the Sun Centrel, time for Miriam
Elephant to step down to which we say, yeah, that's what we say. Let me get to the pool, please.
Yesterday's, see it's almost 930 already and because of that one guy with such a sarcastic idiot,
we haven't got to the results from yesterday's pool. He's different with our agenda here.
With our gay agenda. Who is your all-time favorite dead-becording artist? We ask yesterday and
again, we apologize for George being such a hard-ass because definitely Stevie Ray von
should have been on there. Even Stevie Wondership had been on there. He isn't dead yet, but someday.
John Lennon wins. And of course, we know that John Lennon was killed by the CIA.
Wouldn't he like that call? Yesterday, that guy was, he was interesting.
Too much bad drugs. Too much bad drugs, kids. It'll affect your mind for years. Look at
Norma Kent. John Lennon 180. Jimmy Hendrix had some bogus votes in there, but nevertheless,
what do we care? Right? Do we really care? No. No. And you want to know why I don't care?
See, or nearly I care, but in this case, it helped him beat out Frank Sinatra. So let's say,
all right, Jimmy Hendrix, you go, boy. 180 votes for John Lennon, 136 for Jimmy Hendrix.
Frank Sinatra, 113. I just, and Jim Morrison, 109, Elvis, 100. Those are the people that 100
votes are more. Those five. Now, how can Frank Sinatra and Jimmy Hendrix beat out to
him, Morrison? But again, the question's here. Why do I do that? I didn't say who is the best.
I said, who's your favorite all-time dead recording artist? Obviously, we have a lot of old
farts out there who are like people who talk songs instead of sing, and they like Frank Sinatra.
And search for notes. My way. Searching for it. And the note too. Elvis 100,
which is a little better than we thought he would do, isn't it? Yes. He was languishing in the
middle of the pack to later on the day. And then all the Elvis people, they must have gotten their
Daisy chain going. They probably called up their pals in Graceland. And so get on that website.
They're getting on at neorodges.com and vote until you can't vote no more. Don't say mo no mo.
Five Marley 89. Five Marley 89. That's all our drugies out there. Freddie Mercury 72. That's all
our queens. Frank Zappa 58. And you didn't want to put them on there. Frank Zappa 58. Jim
Kroche 54. And I forgot to bring it by Jim Kroche album. The big guy. Dang it. Man.
Marvin Gaye had 50. Word Orbison 45. Did we find you got it yet? No. It's around here somewhere.
It's in this room. In fact, what I'm going to do is let you and Carlos make guttable sounds while
I don't have time to be doing the show. I got to be looking for that Roy Orbison. You got it. I
love that. In fact, there was some some spot that I saw last night. Was it on smallville? Oh, by
the way, smallville was pretty good last night. That was okay. I like the way that they were all
sweated up there. Clark and Lan in the beginning and then from there it went downhill.
They always give us the tease. You know, like something's going to happen. Except how come she
wasn't working. You think that he's got since he ain't doing anybody. You think he's got like a
super grip. But anyway, now it was pretty interesting. And of course that scene where he had his mom,
what the hell is it? What was his name? The her boyfriend that got killed. I don't know. Well,
the whole show was actually was a dike show last night. It was all about lesbianism. And this,
what was her name? Tina? The horrible, the evil, the evil duo with Tina. She was had the hots for
Lana. Right. So it was a dike show last night. But anyway, in the middle of the show, there was a
spot. I think it was on that show. And the music that they used was Orbison and you got it.
And I thought, oh my god, there's our psychic powers again. I say hour because yesterday you
started developing some pretty silly developing Clark Kent's powers. Of course nobody would be
getting any from anything alive. But we'll just that X-ray vision. I can have some fun. There you go.
Well, he doesn't, he said he don't peak too often. More than five, ten times a day.
27 past nine at five, 60, WQ. Did I ever give the reason? I got more results. Well, we got to do
the break. How predictable. See because that guy. Oh, he was great. Anyway, hey, the new year's
here. This is not the right copy. I don't think. Is it? No. See, it's a damn good thing, but I took
my time there. Well, that's because Todd wreck is, he's all over the place. You know, he doesn't
have any clue what he's doing. And he also never shows his pushing here, which is probably a good thing.
Whitney. Whitney, thank you. Not Whitney Houston, but Whitney, the blonde goofball. What was I saying
about Whitney? I don't know. You were. Oh, another year's gone by and you're still underpaid and stuck
in your crappy job. Well, if New Year's resolution is a high paying career and getting out of that
horrible job, call fast train. They'll help you do it. Call 1-866 fast train. If you enroll now,
you can be certified on the way to New High Payne job by April. That is correct. You can commit,
if you can commit three nights a week, fast train can have you certified as a computer professional
by this April, which is only right down the road of peace. So call fast train tool free at 866 fast
train because they offer you job placement, easy financing, day, night, and weekend classes too.
Fast trains got four convenient locations. They're in Miami, Kindle, Pemberpies, and Fort Lauderdale.
Just one easy call. You'll be on your way to a new exciting career. So call them right now
and get out of that crappy dead end job. Say goodbye to that crappy old boss and get you a real career.
Call fast train 1-866 fast train right now or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com.
God, Neil. One family has captured the imagination of all of America. It's Al Quinter in the family.
Healing girl, the infant's house. Non-believers go through hell. Living in the cave that smells.
These are the days. Oh, sour bin Laden's favorite son, Saad, is taking over the family business.
Funny business that is. Oh, shut up, eat it, you dain't bet. And where is that no good meat,
turban son of mine? Hey, you called pork? Al Quinter in the family. It's like something you've seen before.
Oh boy, some of mom's goat ribs. What are you going to do? Eat the great Satan's and the dead.
No, pop. To build up my strength for the jihad.
Oh, geez. Stop fielding up and stop blowing at them. When the son of a jackal gets the son of his own,
he'll larity ensues on Al Quinter in the family. Only on Al Jazeera TV land.
Hi 32 at 560 WQM. Wouldn't you know it? I think we're getting a creep down our pool today.
Oh, because the pool's only been on her for like 15 minutes and we got 156 votes.
Is that possible? No, that never happens to 15 minutes. In addition to which the result of the pool,
as soon as I gave the first result there, all of a sudden it took a dramatic turn, dramatic change,
because see, one thing about the right wingers is not only do they do you have to share their opinion,
but if you don't, they'll make sure that everybody thinks you do. See what I'm saying in other words,
they're going to make up your pool as they go along. They can't just do no mind or own business and
do their thing and manipulate 98% of the public. They got to like muscle in on the other 2%. So they
can't even let us have our thing. 156 votes. The overall job the president doing so far. Total
disaster is 77. Outstanding suddenly went from 3 to 42. You think that's just a coincidence?
Week 16, fair 13 and good 8. As we continue watching, what that was that one website where
we're creeping us through your gun nuts. Free, uh, what is that? I don't know. What did he just
fart burped in? It's like acid. Oh no. What else from that toothpaste in the uh,
aroma from that dump that somebody was taking in there when he was brushing his teeth? Not to be
really good idea to be brushing your teeth while somebody's in there taking a dump. Oh,
that's a really good reason to get that fume stuck in your softagus. And then a lot of sudden when
you're burped, right? That's what I'm saying. That thanks for blowing it right on me. Oh man,
Carl's in there blowing fumes on a George. What was it? Free, uh, I bet you're Lynn Samuels would
know. Shull of Ferry Public dot com. Oh, thank you. Check that out, Carl's. Check out and see if
there you'll have to scroll up and down because I got eight billion things on there. But they're the
freepers. The freepers and the creepers, Jeepers. See if they were freepin us today because that
will give us a better idea whether this pool has got any chance at all or not because I get really
sick and tired of being freaked. What does that mean? It means they're like invading our space.
They're invading our pool. It's supposed to let you people express your opinion. What they got
into is stick their nose in it and get all of their wackos all of their right wing sick of fans. Oh,
look at that though. See now everybody. I don't care. Do what you want. Wouldn't you know you'd be
talking about a pool? Look at that. George is lighting incense because I think he's a little bit
incensed about what Carlos just did. So next time it'll just burst into flames. Man, make sure we
stick it in there is. So anyway, who did I say last? Bob Marley 89 yesterday. Freddie Mercury
72, Frank Saffa 50, H and Krushy. I did those. Did I? Roy Erbison 45. That's where I stopped
because I was talking about not having you got it. I love that song. And it's a hell of a lot
better than a battle of John and Yoko. I'll take it right now. Sorry, Duff. Wouldn't you agree with me?
Oh, yeah. Man, everybody say, yeah, you got it. In fact, when it comes to tasting music, Duff,
you don't got it. Roy Erbison 45. Kurt Cobain 42. Karen Carpenter 33. We played a little bit of
Karen yesterday, which is why everybody so depressed now. Jerry Garcia 31. I still don't understand
that. No, well, I waste any time on it. It is what it is. George Harrison 27. Let me just say this.
When Jerry Garcia beats out George Harrison, that tells you that it's a really screwed up world.
Right there. Just that guy can poo poo our pools all he wants. But right there,
that evidence is that the world has got a lot of serious problems. As in like number one,
a lot of bad taste. Harry Chapin at 21. Now, Harry Chapin is either one, no, that's not him.
It was what's his name that became the cats Stevens. I was, for some reason, I always get them confused.
Cats in the cradle and cats on your roof. Something. I don't know. Maurice Gibb 19. Morris, I'm sorry, sorry,
Maurice. He won't cure now. Pansy client 18, buddy Holly 18. So in other words, Jerry Garcia had 31 and
Bollywood, buddy Holly at 18. Oh my God, you people. Janice Joplin at 14. Rick Nelson had 11.
That's critical. That, that, you know, something whoever voted those 14 votes for Janice Joplin
should be arrested right now. And if the president's got anything to do about you probably will be
because we know that she was like a radical probably coming pinco whatever she was. In fact,
well, what happened to a German? Bobby Deren had 10. Sam Cook had five. Otis Reading five. Mama
Cass had four. Dill Shannon four. Dusty Springfield had four. Boca Brian and Jackie Wilsonally had one,
which I again, to see that Jerry Garcia's got 31 and Jackie Wilson has got one vote. That says to
me that there's a real serious problem going on in this world again. I think today just, just
investigating these polls, we might discover all the real problems in the world, you know what?
You even know that guy is poo-poing it or he maybe he's just poo-poing. Look at our poll, man. Look
at this. Whoa. Now, are you finding anything on air or not? No? No. Just the old gun poll.
Okay. 206 votes so far. How do you rate the president's overall job? He's a total disaster 104,
outstanding 48, week 27, fair 16, good 11. So if you had the percentages of a disaster and
week, that's 63.5% which leaves 36%. That's like almost two turds. In this crowd, I realize this is
a different crowd, but that's good because at least we still have a different crowd. I'm not
so sure how long it'll be allowed by law once we get that USA Patriot Act fully enforced,
but at least for the time being, at least you have the opportunity to express that opinion here
on the show. Even though don't verbalize it, don't say it out loud because they may be tracing your call.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's the facts from Jimmy. How you doing, Jimmy?
Jimmy says, Hi Neil, we love your polls. Broke a Brian rules. Get rid of the calls. It says most
working people can't call anyway. Go back to the bedtime stories, Jimmy. We don't have any calls now
anyway, Jimmy. Yeah, look, we got a choice. Yeah. So I'm going to do some bedtime stories
than new into one more player stuff because we don't have any calls now anyhow because these people
have nothing to say. Well, it's because you're not having another poll building show like you mentioned.
Oh, I see those are the ones I told you that the other day. We can do that every single day. I mean,
get a little ponder, isn't he? And run out of stuff to ask polls about. But if we do a poll on the
ear thing about who's your favorite musician, who's your favorite dead musician, what state has got
the most boogers? I mean, whatever. We're still getting suggestions for that poll. Let's put them on the
ear. The big bopper. No, the big bopper. Well, let's see you. This is a poll you can't say no to. I mean,
if that's their opinion, but I don't think I don't believe that. I don't believe that. Do you think
of all these names we got on here that really the big bopper would be somebody's favorite dead
recording artist? Do you believe that name besides Chantilly Lays, named another hit he had?
Autot. Yeah. I mean, it was a fun record with, you know, not fun. It was goofy. You know,
it was a novelty record. He tingled on it. It would be like saying the 1910 fruit gum company
for your favorite group. Right? I mean, they had some fun novelty records. There was silly crap.
But, geez, if that's the extent of your musical taste, that the big bopper is your favorite dead
recording artist. Again, I think we have to have a mass lobotomy. I'm not saying everybody needs
to agree with me. Although it would be a good idea. But what is that all about? Seriously? Because they
don't understand, look at that. Just knocked my thing off here. They don't understand the
poem. Get a little bit too animated for my own good. Not can stuff around here. Good thing I didn't
run into Mo in a hallway. But had to knock that thing off his head. Change the color of it.
You think it's like a comedian one that like changes color? I'll be depending on the, what it's
next to. Have you ever seen comedian stuff? Yeah. You've seen comedians change color. Right.
They get on like a green leaf and they become green. They get on like a purple vein and they become
purple. And there are those, then there's those paints you'll see them on cars sometimes.
Depending on the angle you look at them, they change color. Oh yeah. Based on the angle. Like
my car used to be silver and now according to Mad Dog, it's white. I've had this, you've seen some
microbeats have been like that. That from a certain angle, they look green and they look blue.
And then they look like they're gone because they go out and get a new one. Well, I just do it to
piss people off. Twenty before 10 at five, five, 60 WQAM, total disaster, 110 outstanding 51,
week 34, fair 18 and good 11 out of 224 votes. We may set a record today. All right. Keep your
nose to the grindstone there. Eric, we may set a all-time record. 224 votes in about what time
did the pull go up? Give or take. Last maybe 10, 10 minutes. Huh? Yeah, about a quarter after.
That's 20 minutes ago, 25 minutes ago. At this rate, we're going to have 72 million votes. So
idiot. Anybody thinks they're going to get a response in this in this town other than
other than those silly ass sports shows? Well, once you're taken this weekend to get, I've heard
some calls the last of this past 24 hours, man. It just just enough to curl my toes. I mean,
I like Oakland 24 to Eagle 7. What do you guys think? Click and they're like, what is that?
Let's call off this Cleo. See what she thinks. What kind of a conversation is that? What do you like,
Carlos? Who do you think? What's the score? Hey, how about those May Believes horrible game. They
played last night. They still won, which is a miracle. And tonight we got to Panthers and the
Bruins at the Macarena. Tonight we'll see who the real fans are. I'll be there. Not because they've
been, you know, I mean, they had these two embarrassing losses, but a lot of people stay away.
Anybody can support a winner. Anybody can jump on a bad wagon when things are going good. It's
when things are going bad and they need, need us to be there. That's when the real people show up.
So we'll see just because they lost 18 to 4 and last two games together. Well, that's the way it
goes. Get it out of your system. Loosen 12 to 2 is no different. Loosen 1 enough. It's the same
thing. It's no point. It's understanding. It's embarrassing, but nevertheless, Bruins in the
Panthers at the Macarena. Let's see who the real fans are. And I'm not talking about Bruins fans.
I'm getting tired of seeing fans for the other teams except the Leafs show up in at damn place.
Well, what's wrong with that? That's my team, man. I'm not the, I was ashamed to say it. 45
years this year. Make believe. Remember that story about the crazy old religious bitch in the
Valley there in Toronto? Oh, yeah. What's the one religion? You, but I said, make believe.
Yeah. And then when she actually ate the kishki, she was trying to convert me when she came in
there and I actually talked to she, well, what's good here? I said, try the kishki. You love it.
She ate it and she loved it. And now she's Jewish. Hey, Snow and Miami, that's where I town
lemon and Joe Prieto are buried in it. The factory has said how that's so many cars. There's
no place to park them. Even Tom lemons had to park cars in his driveway and all of them are still
there, which is amazing. So they need to place a car in yours or a vehicle anyway. How is blowing
out all the new vehicles, regardless of profit, including the brand new Pontiac vibes starting
on a 13,998 bucks and giving you up to five grand off on every GMC on Boins stock. Plus,
get 0% financing or up to a $3,000 rebate. So they're not given them away, but next best thing.
Of course, have it also has a stupendous selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
Let me say it again. If you drive an SUV, you don't have to apologize to anybody because if you're
subsidizing terrorism, everybody else who's driving like anything that's using gas, right? Even a
little. Anybody that's got gas, you're subsidizing it. So we make no apologies for some great SUVs
at the Hall of Pontiac. And if you have credit problems, if every other dealer in town turned you
down, this is the place you ought to be turning to because they will find some way to get you into
a great car. It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance. They're going on right now at Hall of
Pontiac GMC and you'll find them in a stupendous location. They've been treating people great for
over 35 years, which of course is why they're still there. 134, one soft Dixie highway. That's
you must run across in the falls open every day, seven days a week. And when you mention you heard
the near Rogers show, you'll save even more because they love me. They love George's not too fun at
Carlos. Call right now called the near Rogers Neal Deal Hotline Toolfree at 1-3-4-42-11. They hurt
the GMC who'll be professional grade. Beat that gator meat.
I'm smelling something that you're right to please.
I'm going to keep this to Carlos.
It happened the second you took off your shoe.
It's separate dedicated to this to Carlos. He's smelling something else.
And sympathy with you.
The dog ran out the back door.
I can't even breathe. I think I might throw up.
Get out of here. Get out of here.
You know you beat so standard good so keep your freaking shoes on.
Just between your toes it's like something's losing.
You know your feet don't smell good. It's like they came from safe sand.
Yeah.
Your feet don't smell good. You need to amutate them.
13.010 at 560 WQA and 560.560.560 on the AT&T of Horizon Marshal's Line.
This poll is in generating a spectacular response today.
I bet you we have more than 300 votes by 10 o'clock.
In the history of it and by the way what's all these heterosexual
agenda magazines that you guys are swapping?
Magalia will be pleased to know. He's looking at some TD magazine in there.
What is it?
Maxim?
Yeah?
The Keeney Blitz.
Well at least at least he's got good taste today anyway.
So I declared at least finally somebody brought in somebody looks good besides Brittany.
Oh here's one.
Here's one. It says I really missed John Denver.
How about Bob Denver?
He's not dead.
I didn't say he was dead but don't we miss him?
I sure don't.
I thought it was a horrible show.
That was an awful show.
Of course it was.
I mean anybody that watched that show without at least one finger up an
Austral I mean you know forget about it.
Maybe when you're a little kid.
No I didn't at any age I didn't watch that show.
What show was it?
Killings Island?
Yeah.
Wasn't Jim neighbors on that show?
No.
What's always Jim neighbors on?
Gober Polynesians.
Oh wow same.
Same stuff.
Exactly.
Sure.
Beverly Hill Billies.
What's the one with David Gabore?
Green Acres.
Green Acres and the ones and the love vote.
It's all the same.
All the same trailer trash watch those shows.
Trailer trash.
Right.
Watch all of the shows I just mentioned.
Green Acres.
Huge primes on the show.
Miguel raised his head.
I don't care trailer trash watch that.
I didn't say they were the only ones who watched it.
Just like trailer trash watches Jerry Springer.
College kids watch Jerry Springer too but with a different perspective.
College kids are laughing at it and with it and the trailer trash are believing it.
In fact they're beating the crap out of each other and sink with the show.
He didn't say in sink that he.
Oh Jim.
I apologize.
284 votes already.
President Bush's popularity rating is dropping.
It's down to 58% the lowest in 9-11.
How do you rate his overall performance so far?
Miguel says excellent day.
Didn't anybody say he said the best.
He said the best president he's uh we got right now.
284 votes total is after 132.
46.4%.
Week 59.
20.
Outstanding 57.
I noticed that slowed down pretty good there.
The outstanding didn't it?
Can't imagine why?
57 that's 20% fair 21 and good 15.
So outstanding or good is 25.2% which leaves almost 75% in the other categories.
A spectacular response if I do say so myself.
We're going to break the records today.
Good.
Which indicates that there are a lot of people out there just whipped up into an
epipleic the epa how do you say that?
Epipleic the frenzy.
Can't believe I couldn't say that.
The Georgia Supreme Court struck down a 170 year old law that made it a crime for
unmarried people to have sex.
Oh right.
I like that.
The ruling Monday came in the case of a 16 year old boy discovered having sex with
his girlfriend in the bedroom of her home.
The young woman's mother made the discovery.
Don't you think my mother bought out?
Get her ass out of there.
He's getting the laid in there.
Of course we don't know how old the girlfriend was.
Our opinion simply affirms that the government may not reach into the bedroom
of a private residence and criminalize the private,
non-commercial, consensual sex acts of two persons legally capable of
considering those acts.
Teeth dust is Norman Fletcher wrote.
Under Georgia law the age of consent is 16.
So as long as she was 16 there wasn't anybody in there breaking no laws.
Fletcher also wrote that nothing in a ruling should be ready to address parents rights
to regulate what occurs inside their home including who enters their house
none of what circumstances.
Four occasion laws remain on the books in about 10 states and the
District of Columbia courts have struck down such statutes in Florida, Virginia, and New Jersey.
Following his conviction Jesse McCleure now 17 was ordered to pay a fine and write an essay
explaining why he should not have had sex.
He wrote that it wasn't the court's business.
Good for you Jimmy Jesse whatever your name is.
Invading personal privacy just isn't just isn't right McCleure said Monday
it now goes that way for everybody.
In 1998 the State Supreme Court overturned the anti-sautomy law ruling
it violated the Georgia Constitution's guarantee of right to privacy.
Well how do you like that?
So all these this business and those people out there we do have some which is just amazing to me
who believe that the government has the right to stick their nose into some of these bedroom.
You people need mental help you need a muscle upon me.
You probably also voted for Jimmy Buffett.
Oh he's still alive.
He's still eating cheeseburgers in paradise.
Oh I forgot about that wouldn't that be a great theme song for Moe Show?
Cheeseburgers in paradise.
He's already been suggested as a matter of fact it's on the back burner.
All right let's hear it.
All right my second point do we ever discuss that before?
No.
I suck it.
Powers again.
Maybe it's because I'm monitoring him so closely.
I'm like you're into the whole vibe of that whole I was going to say show whatever that thing is.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let's hear some more names that we left off yesterday.
Some more dead recording artists at Georgia and sister we didn't put on
because I look up and down at list and I do feel bad.
Do you believe that I feel bad?
I don't feel bad but I just think we did an incomplete job.
If you're going to do a poll don't be half-ed.
Let's do it over again.
Now you came up with a great idea just to piss off that first call today
that Oshawa provocateur that scumbag douchebag.
I mean there's just nobody on here.
I'm not saying what now what do you think?
And at you you don't count you're just always you know Miguel you don't count.
But like like a 25 or 30 year old guy what does he think of John Lennon?
Does he give a crap about John Lennon?
That depends on who it is but I would say you have to have a good time.
Probably not.
Right exactly.
Oh my god look what the catch is dragged in.
And he again he's dragging his little daughter around like a
propaganda.
I mean you leave her alone you know just stop.
She ought to be in the order.
Tell the daughter home and bring his wife.
He knows better than that.
Were you're concerned okay?
KJ's in the building I just thought I'd mention it.
He slept in his little girl around.
Maybe it's somebody else's little girl I don't know.
But what do I mean Frank Sinatra?
Oh no.
See what I'm saying?
Even I don't want to get relate to that.
That's for old Farts.
So we we do apologize profusely and I think George had a great idea we'll start all over again.
5 6 5 6 7.
After we finish with the president's popularity of course we're not going to slide by on that.
Are we?
No.
Not with the kind of response we're getting here today.
And here we start out with a guy that's making fun of our pool.
The audience likes our pool okay?
They want our pool.
Bad.
They want on it.
301 votes already it's only six minutes till 10.
Mark my words mister a record breaking turn out today on this pool.
A gigantic humongous turn out.
We're going to send a message oh here we go see I told you.
Roger Whitaker.
But you mentioned for the for the uncrowded Roger Whitaker right now what was that song he had
Roger Whitaker?
Derumton.
No no.
Derumton.
No that's not the song that was really nobody ever heard of that he had a hit.
The last farewell.
That now is that it?
I don't know.
I named the one I knew.
See now you got me back to yesterday showing I thought we were only joking about that.
People don't want to hear this again today do they?
Do we care whether they want to hear it again or not?
Roger Whitaker here's a white lion.
White zombie white snake watch out for those white snakes.
Roger but in the last farewell like I said it was his only hit.
That's the one and when I was in Palm Beach on WJNY I played that 1975.
That's the year I lost 100 pounds George and then I found it.
Lot of it anyway.
5607 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line George wants to personally in fact I think he's
going to make a public apology for leaving all those good things off yesterday forcing
it. I had a twist his arm just to get Frank Zapp on there.
Here's Miami hello.
Hey new.
Yes sir.
All right.
A little bit of information for you.
I know you don't care for them too much but American is going to be doing some
not stop search the very good at the end of the month.
Yeah.
And on the news from where Miami or Fort Lauderdale.
Miami.
Okay.
On the what's the black guy on NBC6 willard something?
You know what I'm talking about?
The guy on the news.
NBC6 the black guy the anchor.
It willard is.
Willard something.
I don't he mean that I don't know what his last name is.
If I have to listen to them make another reference to him being a golf war vet but throw up.
And also on all the fine.
I was watching on the news yesterday.
I was.
Yeah.
The black people that were helped their supporting her and all that.
Where is this coming from?
I mean.
Well what does it have to do with race now?
And Dave County had David Layhe was a white guy but he was incompetent.
He had they drummed his ass out.
What difference does it make what color her skin is?
She's incompetent and the lead editor on the Sunsendler day by the way says
that it's time for her to step down.
Get out.
Well we have you know we have those of course those professional ethnic
right that's right as we as a matter of fact.
Yes any any time I mean this woman I'm black and I can see the season confident and I don't even
live in Broward but I you know I see enough to know that she doesn't deserve it
in that that's the whole that job and every time I see black people out there trying to
you know shout about discrimination and all that I mean it just it gets tired you know I mean
this woman deserves any black person that was up there on the news talking about this.
If she were purple she would still be exactly the same thing in confidence.
And they say that well if you get rid of her now make our voices heard come election time and all
that.
They just like we saw this last election in November when after all a bellyic and about what
happened in 2000 and nobody showed up this time either so everybody talks a good game but
nobody wants to put their ass where their mouth is.
That's true.
That's a page.
Go got a rate move.
Okay.
Yeah George wants to put some of these ass where his mouth is.
957 at 560 WQM it's probably on the front page I was just going to say that there's my psychic
powers again but that didn't take a genius to figure out of that the max magazine.
She is really hot and she's naked but you're not seeing anything so what's the big deal?
It's kind of like titillating.
I'll fill in the blanks.
A year have been presented with an opportunity when you should have could have
would done something but didn't do it well here's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate
out there waiting for you at 3.45% so do it do something about it.
This rate is available by calling financial group tool 3 at 1 800 940 53 63.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save yourself 3500 bucks in the very first
year alone for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe 100,000 cost only 447 bucks a month.
This is an opportunity that isn't going to last long it's a 40 year low.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing home here's the way to do it.
Call financial group tool free at 1 800 940 53 63 the process is simple and the call is free.
There's no obligation they will explain to you how it works 1 800 940 L.E.N.D.
Financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with a Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you delay 5.34 APR.
Call financial group today at 1 800 940 L.E.N.D.
Find and look all your sports radio 560 suing
UAM
Give South Florida a major blow job
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go up go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go going go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go and go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go was my
My man friend did it, I'll just make up with Ginger and some thank you.
And then ask them to rate my fun.
Oh, very know for again.
Though I would not feel for more fun.
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union
just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, be silly, you're not my type.
Just sound like a nine year old kid.
Only a macho-menly guy.
You don't know this.
That makes me flip my wig.
If Ginger was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my boldest feigny nose.
Inside his empty rear end, today, today.
Though I would not be a sport home,
if I was not a closet to pay,
that's why a ginger and more gay union
would make me feel to be in gay.
Everybody follow my thousand rules.
Yeah, Ginger and more gay union.
That would make my swirl pony hair feel safe.
If we had a ginger and more gay union,
then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
10-0-2 at 560 WQM, now or number two on a fantastic Wednesday.
Great letter to the editor by J.M. Huskivitz.
Get your real name, J.M. Maybe just win the fit on the line.
In Fort Lauderdale.
The core problem with religion.
Typical of what our governor incites when he is beholden to faith,
but at times forgets his family,
is the letter of extoling Christians
that declared that the Christian community as a whole
has contributed more for the benefit of mankind
than all other religions combined.
Putting aside the fact that nothing has caused the deaths
of more human being throughout mankind's history than religion,
or faith as Jed calls it,
it is the letter-writer statement
that pinpoints the problem with faith.
My religion is better than yours.
Sounds like a comedy bit to me.
That's why we must proselytize and convert you to our good faith.
When will you smart people who are being propagandized
into the ground wake up?
Excellent. Well done.
Short, sweet right to the point.
Nice going, J.M. Whoever you are.
Say a K.J.
Well, that was a good timing by K.J.
Wasn't it?
He's a hoot.
Right on target, man.
Oh yeah, we're going to course you our way of thinking.
We're going to make you an offer you can't refuse.
Which is what religions have done since the beginning of time,
since they invented the first one,
since they made up the first fair retails
to try to get everybody else to conform to their cock-eyed ideas
of what life is supposed to be for everybody.
Do no harm, man.
DNA, that's my religion.
I've been preaching it for years.
It makes sense.
That's it.
Do no harm.
Don't money in that.
You don't have to have any money.
Any religion that costs you money,
you know, it's a scam.
It's a con game.
Well, that leaves...
If it costs you something to believe in something,
then it's a con game.
Well, but yeah, it costs money to maintain the church or the temple.
We need to go to the church or the temple to believe in a religion for.
To have somebody pat your own head so you know you're doing it right.
It's a club.
Okay?
A social club.
It's a social club.
It's a place where people go on Friday or Saturday or Sunday,
or whenever they go there,
so they consider around with other people,
and, ah, and they're singing, song, they're chanting a bunch of stuff
that they have no idea what it...
You know, they're being automatons, they're being lemmings,
they're being sheep.
A mutual adrival.
It takes a very, very different breed of strong-minded people
to think for themselves.
Not necessarily to agree with me or Georgia or anybody else,
but just to think for yourself.
Instead of quoting a bunch of gobbledygook that a bunch of primitive idiotic people
wrote thousands of years ago.
That's what really cracks me up.
It's supposedly we're like progressing, you know, we're evolving.
I hate to use that word, but at least mentally we're evolving.
We're coming out of the dark ages and we're becoming more thoughtful and more intelligent.
Except in this one area, which is the most important one of all,
because this is the one that's held all of our heads right now,
that big mushroom cloud.
Oh, yeah.
We gotta get on that road arm again.
Come on, let's go.
No thanks.
Come on.
That's you only we're gonna get the Lord to come back.
You know the one they nailed up on across?
Sick.
The whole story is sick.
The whole concept is sick, sir.
But 159 people say the president's a disaster.
He'll president, they'll double you.
And he's getting pretty sick and tired of all this dillin' around here by Sodom
and these inspectors.
He wants some action now.
He wants the smoking gun.
Can't you just see him with his big boots on, cowboy hat, stick shooter?
Although he is.
Yeah, I heard mad dog yesterday talking about John Wayne.
He somehow doesn't impress me like John Wayne, you know?
More like, like more like John Inumon, you know, Alvin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
349 votes already, which is shocking, in less than an hour.
Estonishing.
He's a total disaster, 159 outstanding 74.
Week 71, fair 24 and good 21.
21.2% say outstanding good 20%.
So it's like 73 to 27% on the negative side.
They're fine to catch an eye on to them.
Now plus the passage of time allows people to stop doing what they feel
and they don't have to be obedient anymore.
Even though it says in the US Patriot Act, we have to be obedient.
They say, well, screw that.
And 15 clean.
And you notice all these people now stand not all, but more and more.
From protesting out there against the Patriot Act and all this other fascism that's going on,
and restrictions of freedoms, et cetera, under the guise of protecting us against the evil doers,
which we don't know who they are or where they are, but nevertheless.
Bush sets sanctity of life day, more of this stuff, right in line with what I was just talking about.
All the more reason to be terrified, to be scared, crapless of him and his ilk,
of these evil doers in DC.
Anti-abortion activists hail Sunday observance.
President Bush pleased anti-abortion activists yesterday by declaring a national sanctity of human life day
and pledging his administration's commitment to build a culture that respects life,
which is code for no more abasian, no more women's right to choose.
Talk about pandering to a bunch of lily tunes.
As we seek to improve quality of life, overcome illness and promote vital medical research,
my administration will continue to honor our country's founding ideals of equal dignity
and equal rights for every American.
Bush said in a document that enacts no change in policy or program
by working together to protect the weak, the imperfect and the unwanted.
We affirm a culture of hope and help ensure a brighter future for all,
except of course what it comes to things like stem cell research.
We can't do that.
Because that gets the fetus huggers all bent out of shape.
He proclaimed this Sunday, National Sanctity of Human Life Day.
Marked that down yet?
Oh, get with it.
This Sunday is National Sanctity of Human Life Day, urging Americans to mark the occasion
at home or in places of worship to help other states and judges market on a calendar
to help others in need and to reaffirm our commitment to respecting the life and dignity
of every human being, except those godless atheistic, not sticks and others
who don't believe the same thing he believes.
The six paragraph document was enthusiastically received by anti-abortion activists
who said it precisely summarized the philosophy behind their movement.
You can almost smell it up here.
This is exactly where we're at, said Darla St. Martin, executive associate executive director
of National Right to Life.
It helps people understand our cause.
It helps people to understand why we're working so hard to defend unborn children.
The ones who are already alive, scram!
To hell with them, but unborn children, that's what we're obsessed about.
The National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League did not return a call for comment.
And of course you can understand why.
They're probably peeing in their pants and boarding up the doors.
As he has done throughout his presidency, Bush appeared to be seeking to burn his anti-abortion credentials
while trying not to alienate moderate voters.
Well guess what?
He hurled at the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act he signed last year,
which amends the legal definitions of person-human being child and individual
to include any fetus that survives an abortion procedure.
There are millions of people around the world who are yelling fetus,
please, because we're starving to death.
They're dispelling it different.
Bush also underscores administration's efforts to champion compassionate alternatives to abortion,
such as encouraging abstinence and adoption and passing parental notification and waiting period laws.
He called unborn children, those without the voice and power, to defend their own rights.
Unlike minorities in this country, of course, he don't give a flying crap about,
unless they happen to be part of his administration.
Or Mexican.
Well, that's because he's speaking of Piquet de Pana.
They're in the family.
Let's see, today's pool may get a lot of votes, but it's nothing that gets anybody's blood boiling.
Says, you're full of crap, it doesn't get their blood boiling.
And of course it does.
You out of your mind?
This man's got his finger on a button, damn it.
Although you should have heard Moe talking about this morning saying that Pat Boone was not there,
so the pool couldn't be authentic.
Pat Boone's not dead.
He's really obsessed with you and your show.
Tell the mayor of the morning to stick to sports, talking about anything else is not his forte.
I would rather hear Joseph Gackie in the mad dog, yelping over a football game,
listening to Jagger Moster talk about ginger and gauge your age,
telling him to get a life and shut down.
Now he's in title to his thing, and I'm monitoring every moment of it.
I didn't hear about Pat Boone though.
Did he die?
No.
No, so what else I got to do with our pool yesterday?
Good, golly moe.
I'll tell you, when you wear your hair piece too tight, it starts affecting the circulation of there, you know?
And then, of course, then your vehicle is vain, start popping out even that much more.
Because of the pressure, you know what I'm saying?
It starts working its way down all the way to your...
10 minutes past 10 at 5, 60 W to QIM.
50 million votes on a pool and doesn't get people's bloodboarding.
Are you out of your mind or what, sir? Or whatever you are?
If you've outgrown your home, is your family getting bigger and you need more space for an at-home office,
nursery sewing room, a new master bedroom, a bathroom, or bath, whatever it might be,
when you need more space for your place, call our people at strictly editions.
Strictly editions is the one-stop shop more space for your place place,
when they worry for your approach to expand your living space.
They show up exactly when they say they will, you won't have any hidden charges that you don't respect.
They're the experts at pulling permits so the work gets completed on time.
And now for the new year, you can use your income tax return to get the work done.
All of you folks out there shopping for new homes, why bother?
By the time you sell, buy, close, move, you might as well just put some equity out of your current home and call strictly editions.
Like it says here, pull it out, some equity that is.
You'll pay for a new edition to a home you already love.
Call strictly editions today, call 954-799-18100.
That's 954-799-18100.
They're less than an insured professional.
Call that number for a free estimate, call Craig Repatric at 954-799-18100.
Strictly editions will save you a lot of time, lots of money you won't have to move to improve.
Get you a whole new house with the same address, call 954-799-18100.
For strictly editions today, and be sure to tell them that crazy PD Lenny told you to call...
...ORON.
Look at the floor, it's not the floor of mom, but she ain't any more.
Been riding so low, it's best to fold your nose.
For a mother's treatment, for a baby.
For a mother's treatment, for a baby.
No, Dr. Lary, you're so wonderful.
I'm showing you mothers in arms and alarms.
I'm fast.
Dr. Lary's gonna thank you for your guys on Channel abuse.
My mother's arrested comfortably and coffled me now.
Santa no Diaz Scant, spell with us right wing.
Radio, hold that doctor's aura.
Mind this thing is a door.
Psycho beach never peed on on the radio.
Flores mother should know.
Guys, Flores mother should know.
She's every day you know.
I hear she smells worse than Carlos's breath.
1016 at 560 WM 392 votes on a pool.
It's amazing that somebody could burst their teeth so just scour them with pepsinant and still have a stench breath.
Oh, when he was grpcing.
That would be a good pull to take.
Who's got worse breath?
My little dog or Carlos?
No, that I see that he's got...
Well, you know, he's got tart around his teeth.
Are you familiar with that whole thing?
And it's a scam.
Because if they're gonna clean your dog's teeth, they have to put them under.
Under what?
The table.
First year's that they have to put them...
They have to knock them out.
Because most dogs, I don't know about you or you.
I know they're not gonna sit still while you're brushing their teeth and rinse them out.
Yeah, right.
Maybe crust, but not the other stuff.
Maybe that's what he's in there brushing with in the morning.
It's crust.
I never thought about that.
Maybe that's why he's so frantic when he's in there.
By the way, your microwave just went off, Carlos.
That's mine on my suit.
Oh!
Here's a good fact.
I think the facts machine has been really good.
We haven't even got...
What's his name's Faxiath today? Greg.
Man, oh man.
If we could find out what he does then.
See, I think we've been experimenting this last year on a show.
And I think we're finally finding the winning formula.
You know, I'll call over here.
Yeah.
And wait me one over there.
But in the meantime, I'll kind of other crap.
You know?
You found one to say?
What do you say?
Oh, and also, let me just say this.
Because I'm reforming some of these people out there.
Because they have this desperate need to reach out to me.
No, they really do.
This is their only contact with humanity.
And I use that term loosely speaking about me.
Anyway, this is Jeff Heiss' neighbor again,
who actually is a good fact.
So when he refrains from writing about Jeff Heiss.
Unless it's a caustic fact like they won the other day,
that was pretty good.
So Greg and this guy, wait till I get to this one.
But first, it says, Neil, I woke up this morning thinking about a show you did a few years ago.
About the stars in Hollywood with the big Johnson's.
I remember Warren Vady at Beggley, Jr. and Milton Burrell.
I wonder if you can get a hold of an updated list with popular guys of day like Ben Affleck,
George Clooney, Russell Crowe, Matt David, etc.
Please, I need to know who has a big one.
And it's signed Alice Rantel.
No, it's not signed by me.
How do we know who's got a big one?
Now, I will say this in the town that Mr. Ripley,
a one that's seen where the very pasty.
Did you see that movie?
Where the very pasty, Matt Damon is walking up his green bathing suit
and the guy that he's like searching for.
He's laying there on a beach with his girlfriend.
And Matt Damon has got a bathing suit on a bikini.
Now, what are you nodding?
You saw that?
Oh.
And either he's got like a sausage in it,
or we can basically tell his religion,
his recent sexual experiences,
and if he has any sexually transmitted diseases,
maybe it was a prosthetic like a marquee mark was there.
It could have been a prosthetic.
Maybe it was like a aesthetic.
I don't know.
And, see, it wasn't the least bit titillating,
even to the son old fact like me,
because he was so pasty.
He was like a ghost of Matt Damon.
So if you really want that information,
there are some penises there are sites of Matt Damon.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
Maybe somebody can give us the information
about which are the websites
with the large penis people in Hollywood.
I don't know why.
It's just interesting like, you know, chat, chitchat.
Sure.
Coffee table conversation.
Like he was got the biggest feet.
Right.
Tom Welling, size 14.
He's, I'm telling you, he's disappointing though.
Keep your clothes on, Tom.
That's seen where he was in the swimming thing.
He was in the bathing suit last season.
He's got like a scrawny body for a kid that big.
And he's got like a little tiny just nipples.
He doesn't even have like any, uh, nothing nipple luts.
He's got like nipple luts, which are like next to raisinets.
Like Vanna White.
And I don't care what anybody says.
She's got raisinets.
There are people saying, oh, you're wrong about Vanna.
She's got big giant hooters.
Maybe in a closet somewhere.
Maybe she keeps forgetting to strap him on.
They're not big.
I saw them.
They're just normal.
What do you mean you saw them?
She's got naked pictures of her out.
She was in play with people.
What do you mean she's got naked pictures of her out?
There are naked pictures of her out.
Vanna White.
Vanna White.
How do you know they're real breasts?
Maybe they're stunt breasts.
Huh?
For her earlier days.
Don't you remember Ron Jeremy talking about stunt penises in porn movies?
Oh, brother.
This, uh, somebody's faxing me an article at 600 pages long.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Just relax, okay?
All kinds of stuff coming in.
But here, from our good close personal friend Dave,
who's Jeff Heisenabe, I know it's him because it says to him where he works up on top of you.
He doesn't want me to say it's a, uh, called,
anyway, he's got another great pool.
The ugliest celebrity's passed in prison.
And he's already got a whole bunch of money here.
What a great idea.
How convenient.
You could just fax that.
Maybe we could just do a pool every day all day on the show and just to piss off that guy.
And let's start on the show this morning.
Oh, what a surprise.
How predictable.
Another pool to start your show.
And you know he's listening right now.
He's got his finger so far open.
Correct him.
Coming out his tassels.
By the way, sir, at your age, you really ought to have your tassels out.
It's not good for you.
Ugly celebrity's passing present Woody Allen.
Alice Cooper.
Benicio del Toro.
Who the hell is that?
He was in, didn't you see, uh, traffic?
Yeah.
He was the Mexican cop, the good guy.
Uh, Larry Drake, actor LA law.
See, even not only has he got the names on here,
but he even afterward, he's got like a,
bad being ideal.
I mean, there ought to be a rule.
Bob Dylan, Marty Feldman.
It's pretty hard to be Marty Feldman.
We talked about that a few months ago.
Remember Bob Dylan's got it.
Five-ish, Finkle.
Five-ish, Finkle.
Actor from Picket Fences in Boston Public.
Five-ish, Finkle.
He's putting old fat people on there.
How can you be good if you're old people?
Well, our old fat people, it says,
uglier celebrities passed in prison.
Maybe he was good looking in his youth.
Five-ish.
Well, we're talking about when they were celebrities.
See, he still is.
That's what I'm saying.
He's a celebrity.
Michael Jackson.
Now, see, when he was younger,
he was not uglier growth.
He was horrible.
Once he started like doing those interchangeable body parts,
he became really gruesome in a, uh, Mick Jagger.
He's pretty ugly.
Yeah, I'm like, that's because he's a hundred years old.
Well, like that.
Richard Keele.
Richard Keele's not ugly.
Actor from James Bond movies.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah.
Charles, the big giant guy.
Oh, I'm thinking of somebody else.
Yeah, he's pretty ugly.
I'm thinking of, uh, there must be another.
What's the, how, how would Keele I'm thinking of?
Who?
Wait before your time.
Larry King?
How do you like that?
Show me 50 dollars.
Wayne Knight, actor Newman on Seinfeld.
I don't watch that show.
I was the one who didn't watch that show.
He's just fat.
Martin Landau.
Martin Landau is not ugly.
I mean, he's not good looking,
but he's not an ugly.
He's just a guy.
He just, exactly.
Very well put.
He's just a guy.
And Barbara Baines, he's just a gal.
And never the Twain shall meet.
What?
They were good together.
Another divorce.
They had a big split up.
And nasty hostile.
Just like the way they left the show,
fishing impossible.
Remember that?
They demanded big, uh, pay increases.
And the whole way of big sawdard ends.
And of course, they were married back then.
Not a, not a good idea that higher husband and wife teams.
Not, not a good idea.
It's like the Leafs with the, uh, uh, uh,
brother-in-laws, you know, Shane Corson and, uh,
and Darcy Tucker.
Brother, not a good idea that,
and Shane Corson and we were doing better before you came back.
We liked it better when you were injured.
What?
What is he battling about, Mr. Hockey,
or anything?
I didn't know that I had the microphone open.
What?
He took the pole right off of Mr. Pohl.
What, what is he battling about?
He took the pole right off of Mr. Pohl on the internet.
So Jeff Hies neighbor is a plagiarist.
That, that's okay.
He did the work.
What do you want to knock everybody for?
You're such a prick, you know?
He's talking to him.
I thought you're the one that just said that.
I was, you just said that Jeff Hies neighbor is a plagiarist.
Didn't he say that?
Yeah, but what I said, he don't know from Jeff Hies freaking neighbor, okay?
You're the one that just got through saying he's a plagiarist.
And he is a plagiarist.
That's what Carlos was saying.
Yeah.
I was passing it along.
He doesn't even know his neighbor.
Wayne Knight actor Newman on son felt.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah.
Is he a guy?
No, he's just fat.
Martin Lano.
Getty Lee, rock star from Rush.
There canadian a.
He goes ugly.
John Laguzziamo.
Who's that?
Just another guy, beener.
John Lovitz.
Oh, how about John Levin?
Uh-huh, he's ugly.
Marilyn Manson, Tom Petty, Prince, Todd Rungren, Gene Simmons, Joey Slotnik from Boston
Public, Howard Spurm, Kara Topp, Pete Towngen.
Oh, I'll pick up Pete Towngen now of all times.
He was just doing research.
Stephen Tyler?
Uh, yeah.
Well, he's got a mouthful size around my, my rush more now.
And he's starting to like his face is falling apart.
Well, he was younger.
He looked pretty good.
He went to big mouth.
Even you'd agree with that.
I'll take your word for it.
What?
Stephen Tyler?
He always looks like a freak to me.
With that mouth.
Hey, Carlos, when you want to start producing the show?
Alex Van Halen, Irvay Ville Shades, and another pick it on Midgets.
Next, he's going to say Timmy from Passion's Rest in Peace.
Irvay Ville Shades, he's also dead.
Yes.
Let's take a poll on your favorite dead Midget.
Okay.
Now it's kind of like a rep report.
It's kind of limited.
How about Johnny Palillo from the Harmonica?
No, you don't remember that, do you?
Yeah.
He used to blow in a harmonica or something.
Ron Wood from New Orleans Stones, Ozzy Osborne.
Yes, your era fart.
Tiny Tim.
George Jones.
Rick Akasek from The Cars.
Okay, sick.
Oh, speaking of The Cars, we left off.
Which one died from The Cars?
Benjamin Orr.
Right, very good.
And Iggy Pop.
Definitely.
We left off a lot of very important people left.
And again, George wants to apologize.
He'd like to go and personally go home and apologize for leaving off Ian Curtis from Joy Division.
You know, Ian Curtis?
No.
You know, Michael Hutchins from Inaccess, we talked about him.
Yes, I know.
And Joy Ramon.
Stuart Adelson from Big Country and the Big Hit Big Country.
See, there are a little bit of two repetitions for me.
Yeah.
Big Country sings Big Country.
What am I smelling in here?
My soup.
Oh, thanks.
And Ben Orr from The Cars.
See, I told you there was somebody from The Cars on here.
We got a tremendous response on there.
I think yesterday from that.
And looking at the response we're getting today, man.
This is going to blow all these other poles right out of the water, Eric.
430 votes.
Shocking.
That's in just over an hour.
President Bush's popularity rating is lower than any time since 9-11.
It's not a 58 percent, which is still out of bed number.
How do you rate his overall job so far?
Total disaster.
200.
Week.
85.
Outstanding 82.
Fair 32.
And good 31.
So the really negative categories.
You got 66.2.
And about 70 percent.
Not too great, huh?
This isn't exactly what you call your Bush-looking crowd-jewel.
My.
And look all.
This is 4305-Sikki.
Way, way, yeah.
Bang in the butt, honey.
I've come back to let us stick you a model, little moh, how would it dig into the show?
The boy.
Now, yeah.
What do we got here?
Hey, mom.
If you see, I'm trying to think.
I just want to tell you, you lean on over my lap again.
I thought I smelled something.
A bungeon.
Something wrong with you.
No, I won't.
Oh.
I split my bag here.
Got that hell out of my way.
Where am I supposed to go?
To hell, you squeaky little bastard.
Hey, I don't think I got any TV points.
You don't, huh?
No.
I think you need your balls examined.
My balls!
That's right.
Now drop your pants so I can examine them.
No.
You, the one who I can, is business again?
Yeah.
And obey my command.
Okay.
Oh, that's bigger than Oscar Maya truck.
Yeah.
Jesus, look at that.
Let me get my flashlight over here.
Where's your balls?
In here.
You're packing a python in your pants and no balls.
I got balls.
They're up a little.
Oh, yeah.
Let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your f-
Oh, there!
That hurt, ma'am.
Hey.
Your voice.
He-he's sound kind of into the normal.
Oh, yes.
Quite right.
It's a far, far better way to sound.
I don't believe.
Hey.
Let me see if I can get a hole.
I'll see something.
Fall off the bone, baby, back ribs.
See, that's your balls dropped into the-
Really good, huh?
East of the Rockies.
You're like that, huh?
Thanks, ma'am.
Yeah?
You like that, huh?
Well, let's see what happens when I put them back.
See, I'm putting them back, see?
Don't be the face.
But you get a better voice than me.
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
This thing's wrapping around me like a cobra.
Yeah.
I can't fool.
It's boiling around me.
Not the mouth.
Not the mouth.
See, there's the first guy that ought to be on the list of a gigantic penis of celebrities.
It's Geldie.
I do like that.
We got one right here in the building.
That's the room right anyway.
Wouldn't be surprising, but her not always just a big lie.
Just a big-
She wouldn't have lied to me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a AT&T and no tell Doreen that.
Should we chase them all over the building now?
Here's Hi, Leah.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You started the morning with a plow?
Yeah, right.
Well, I wish everybody started the morning with a plow.
Anyway, I never said hello to you.
I haven't caught you in a long time.
I just caught the horse he is on.
Well, we need to help.
Yeah.
Anyway, just one of the second I say hello to Fred and Chuck?
No.
See, this is great.
He hasn't called me a long time to see him.
Anything to say?
Yeah, it was good.
No, he has nothing to say.
Just sucking around.
Can we hear about Fred and Jane?
No.
Jane, that has been speaking to Jane.
Jane in Fort Lauderdale, one of her regular listeners
in chronic fax who says,
my hubby had managed on for background noise yesterday.
I actually heard something amusing.
He was talking about Cordell and his cordell, Jane.
Stuart, a quarterback of my kid, fired and he said,
I can see him at the bus station buying tickets for Titzberg.
Well, that's kind of cute.
See, it's a sports show so they can say that.
If we say tickets for Titzberg, right away everybody's
going to have a nervous breakdown.
Notice how I'll present a guy who never saw a combat
as a way to send other people's kids into harm's way.
He's not alone.
Only one guy in Congress has a kid who's listed in the military.
There are going to be peace demonstrations this weekend
in DC and other major cities, but be sure,
be sure not to see him on the corporate media.
He's spamming cover.
Oh, speaking of that.
Speaking of cover-ups.
Whoever sent me this,
oh, it's our friend Glen and I will make it up for yesterday's
in tempered fax.
Good one.
From MSNBC No Less,
did ABC's censor a crowd's disapproval of George Bush?
George Herbert Walker, this is.
The former president and father of the current president
delivered a tape message at the American Music Awards Monday night
and the sources who were there tell the scoop
that the crowd booed him.
When the band Alabama received the word of merit,
the older bushes face appeared on the screen.
I'm very proud to be part of tonight's tribute honoring
one of the most highly successful bands
come to music ever known,
said the former president,
but his image was met with a loud course of booze.
A loud course.
Spocka.
One source is Randy Owen,
the lead singer for the band,
was pretty shaken by the crowd's reaction.
The booze from the crowd,
however, were not audible in the broadcast.
Late leading some to believe they were deleted by the censors.
How do you like that?
Told you.
This much we got in there now.
They're censoring everything.
To be honest, I can't tell you a spokesman for ABC told the scoop
and for referring to the question to a spokesman for the production company.
I don't know and I can't tell you,
but a spokesman for the production company
referred questions back to ABC.
How do you like that?
They're not talking.
In other words, yeah.
In other words, it's true.
They don't even deny it.
They just can't tell us because they're a fear of telling us.
They're a fear that the USA Patriot Act is going to put them in jail
for 100 years, nobody will ever see them again.
Look at that pool.
Man, this response today is enough to just send you off the face of them
at 459 votes.
It's the pools only been up there an hour, 20 minutes.
That's more votes than your pools getting what?
Six months, all summer?
459 votes.
Most have stopped doing steroids, you idiot.
This is his head looks like it's going to pop right off his neck any minute.
I want to be here with that one.
That happens when this head pops off.
459 votes.
He's a totalist ass.
You're 213.
Week 90.
Outstanding 85.
And you know something?
What do I always say?
What percent do I always say?
Do we get from the bushlickers?
18 percent.
What is outstanding?
85, 18 and a half percent.
Fair, 38, good, 33.
So a disaster or a week, you got a total of 66 percent.
66.6 percent.
Maybe he's the anti-Christ.
You ever think about that?
He qualifies.
Not smart enough.
So the Sun Sentinel says Miriam elephant time for her to step down.
Editorial, lead editorial of the Sun Sentinel today.
Which I got right here in my hand now.
Don't forget to go to thearrogers.com.net.
You to vote on her pool.
We got some very important bedtime stories on there for you.
And since I'm not sitting here wasting everybody's time reading them on the air,
odd nauseam, hours and hours of the time,
you better go on here and check it out.
Because Carlos works feverishly to get all those on the everyday.
And even Eric's got a couple of cute lines on it.
He must be in a good mood.
He must have had four meals already.
It's not even 11 o'clock.
He's in a great mood.
You notice how Eric puts some good stuff on there?
Some humor stuff?
About, for example, how predictable another pool.
What a perfect, perfect first call today.
That defines this town perfectly.
That guy, if we could just get a photo of him,
he'd be the postage of South Florida.
Sour.
Like that.
Just unleashing his hostility toward the entire world.
And since nobody else in the world can hear him, he's talking to us.
That's what we're here for, right?
We're like an outlet for these assholes that nobody else will even talk to.
It says, Miriam Elephans fall from gracious service and object lesson for politicians.
Don't run for a job.
You don't know how to do.
That's really where Ola fans problems began.
As Robert County supervisor of election,
she was an over-erhead from the outset.
Then there were the unusual demands placed on her office by legislative and congressional redistricting.
And a whole new method of voting, which might have caused some problems,
even for a more capable hand.
In Ola fans case, it added up to a disaster waiting to happen.
Sure enough, it happened.
Now the county and its cities must figure a way out of the chaos Ola Fad is created.
And they must do so in time for the municipal elections that are only weeks away.
It won't be easy.
One city already has postponed its vote.
Others are discussing that option, although the legal ramifications are unclear.
It may still be possible to salvage elections, but not with Ola Fad at the helm.
The time has come for her to go.
Time may be too short for things to improve much in time for these elections,
but one thing is fairly certain if Ola Fad remains, things will only get worse.
Her office continues to hemorrhage.
Confidence in her leadership is eroding by the hour.
She's lost election administrator Joe Carter, who resigned after she fired intergovernmental affairs liaison Bob Cantrell over Carter's objections.
She's lost her attorney in her office manager.
Her computer technician is now in charge of election planning.
What a mess.
It's embarrassing and humiliating not only for Ola Fad personally, but for the county and state as well.
She must go and go now.
The best course of action would be for Ola Fad to resign.
Some local leaders have heard her to do so.
The latest are for a lot of nail-mayor Jim Nogel and old friend, Davey Mayor Harry Venus, not Harry Penis.
And can I remember Harry Venus?
Sure.
And county commissioner Jim Scott.
It's an Ola Fad's all interest to take their advice in the spirit in which it presumably was intended as a way for her to exit with some of her dignity in tact rather than have to be removed from her orifice.
If Ola Fad refuses to go gracefully, governor Bush had stepped in and suspender.
It may not be politically advantageous for him, but he must rise above his politics and do his duty.
The electoral process is too important to much an integral component of democracy to leave it in the hands of someone who can't do the job.
There's no pleasure in any of this.
Not in seeing Ola Fad squirm, not in seeing the hand ringing in the cities, and certainly not in seeing elections fall apart.
But further deterioration seems inevitable and it's completely unacceptable. Ola Fad must go.
Absolutely correct.
Leave editor on the sunset of the day.
Better late than never.
Better play that supreme song.
You just keep me hanging on.
I mean, come on already.
Miriam, time to say bye-bye.
No hard feelings. Just go.
6,000 votes on the poll to present eight to today. They're not going to be too happy about this one.
This was George's idea by the way this poll.
20- just covering my ass.
20 before 11 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M.
Oh, I guess what we got.
And I can't find it anywhere.
What?
Balance for life. I think I've lost a copy.
Oh, you out had it memorized.
Do you think it's in here somewhere?
Well, I don't have the phone number memorized.
Do you think it might be in my pile somewhere?
I saw it all in the middle of the day.
Maybe I lost it because what's his name was in here?
Troy.
Maybe it's something personal with Troy.
Oh, here it is right here.
Well, it's just our Troy Stratford is getting to be a real pain in the ass.
He used to be a great guy.
Not a good guy, but a great guy.
We like him a lot.
Now, he's hanging around with these assholes.
We got in the sales department much too long.
And now he's becoming one of them.
You know, it's rubbing off.
That's why he's growing their little gangster beard and a whole deal.
You know, he's just not what?
He's not the same guy anymore.
I don't think it's him.
You saw a small girl last night, right?
Oh, I think it's Tina.
A shapeshifter.
Tina is doing Troy.
He said it's not bad.
No, she doesn't want him.
She wants a scru-an.
Anyway, the holidays are over.
No more excuses for losing weight on you.
Tubbies, they're all you fat people.
In fact, I saw my new cardiologist yesterday.
He said if I lost 25 pounds, I would look just like Brad Pitt.
He said I would be in great shape.
Seriously.
Well, like an old Brad Pitt.
And with a lot of loose skin.
Or maybe I misunderstood.
Maybe I said I looked like the pits.
Maybe that was it.
Anyway, if you're overweight, there's everybody in their brother wants to pedal your pills.
And that stuff you're supposed to drink over the weekend lose 80 pounds before Monday.
Forget about that stuff.
It doesn't do the job.
It's full of crap.
Balance for life.
Well, help you lose that weight just like the beast.
Now, we're going to be seeing him again because Beast is the new guinea pig.
We're just the pig parts so far.
But he's lost 60 pounds and maybe even more now because he's getting the food again, right?
Right.
And I will say this in my hand of the sky.
I put my hand right on Moses's ass.
The fact of the matter is that the food this time is sensational.
I had shrimp scampy with a little bit of green feta chili.
And veggies last night for dinner with sensational.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
They don't bring any frozen crap.
None of that prefabricated garbage in little boxes.
All the food is in like containers.
You pop in your microwave.
And like I said, three gourmet meals.
Two snacks enough to keep you full for the entire day.
And they deliver it right to your door.
Your home or office.
Wherever you want.
By six o'clock every morning.
So they take all the guesswork out of losing weight.
You don't have to count carbs.
You don't have to count calories.
You don't even have to do any shopping.
Just sit there and wait for them to show up with your little black sack.
And all the stuff that you pick you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on the program.
So if you really want to lose weight the quick and delicious way and the safe way,
here's the answer for you.
Balance for life.
Let them do all the work.
Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29.
I guarantee you no time at all.
You'll even look better than the beast.
9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29.
Or check them out of their most prestigious website if you'd like a balanced for life.com.
Find out the local business is five cities.
There are yours now.
You in.
Got two sets of lips.
Well congratulations, get a life.
This is where I work.
There is never, never a dull moment had to warm up.
Sometimes we head over to the guns that she'd grab amongst the 9mm and let her rip.
It's more than a story. It's a fun place to be.
We lot to eat at the little cafeteria because they clean up my baby's vomit faster than anyone.
You never know what you're gonna find at Walmart.
I just came in for the fun of it.
Last week, a bunch of them liberal idiots had a protest out front,
but only some two warning shots scare them off.
Like my morning routine, spring coffee and wake up at Walmart.
It's 10-47-5-60.
George is very upset because the K-Mart's are closing down left and right,
but including one up by me is so close.
Why would I be?
Because K-Mart is the competition to Walmart which you hate like poison.
You're not.
You're not.
I like Target.
Oh.
Now that would be an excellent poll question.
Which store did the trailer trash prefer the most?
Walmart or K-Mart?
Walmart on the heels of plainhood.
Is that what it is?
Yes.
Now what kind of people eat at the cafeteria at Walmart?
People with really good days.
So yes.
Oh and I'm wrong.
I said I had reformed Jeff Heist Neighbor Wrong.
Now he's faxing me profusely all of this.
We don't want any more, okay?
And if you send me any more, I'm going to give you your fax number out on the air.
And also the place where you work.
See, you can't control these people.
And the point you always make is right on target.
Man, what kind of a life?
Look at this.
David.
Jeff Heist Neighbor.
All I do is just say he sent me to one thing.
That was fine. It was two pages.
Now he's spewking out all of these quotes from people.
I don't want this crap you idiot.
Jesus, give it a rest.
Go ahead.
A few lunches with Jeff Heist.
Who by the way is no longer the poster child for a balanced for life.
We've been back to the beast because Jeff Heist is a...
It's a lost cause.
You know?
We're just counting the days.
Gordish helping.
We wish him the best.
But I have a feeling he's like the Buffalo Sabers franchise, you know?
Just a matter of time.
Like K-Mart.
Right.
Like K-Mart.
I want great thing about the K-Mart by me, which is no longer open.
But the one good thing is if I needed like...
She pains.
Socks.
No, and I wouldn't buy underwear in there.
But like socks or like a...
You know, whatever.
What was that?
I bought that Martha Stewart Tothba bath man.
Oh, I'm sorry Martha.
But because there was never any reason to hate it.
There was never anybody in there.
But even though there was never anybody in there,
they're always backfired because if there were like four other customers,
they were all in line in front of you.
And there was only one...
Cash register open.
Now the one good thing that they did have that I'm going to miss is that self checkout thing,
which nobody seems to be able to figure out, but it's quick and easy.
I got a great tool.
Yeah.
Did we do this before?
No.
Which...
Chains store, department store, that's the no longer business, do you miss the most?
Jordan Marsh?
That's my vote.
Zairs.
Zairs.
Mervins.
J. Byron's.
Right.
Oh, there's so many.
Sure.
Wow.
Yeah.
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow.
K-Mart.
Come in soon.
They're closing three more down.
And of course that's bad because a lot of people are going to lose their jobs.
But that'll take you to work at K-Mart.
Go flip burgers somewhere, okay?
What kind of people work at K-Mart?
What kind of people shop at Walmart?
And look how successful Walmart is.
What does that tell you again about America?
Wall to Wall?
That's where the wall comes in.
Wall to wall trailer trash.
Keep, chink crap.
Are you picking on my Chinese friends again?
There's something about your trailer trash.
That was George that said that.
I love the Chinese people.
You hate them for some reason.
I try to reach it over to Admiral Kostead.
If you ever come near, he's going to pee in your soup.
Ride a horn.
That's exactly what he said.
St. Bernard Farrow.
A good friend, Richard from Toronto.
What other stores have they got a business?
Chains.
Jordan Marsh is just shocking to me.
That was a dang good...
You know what it was?
It was like between bird eyes and JC pennies.
It was more upscale merchandise than pennies.
And it was cheaper than bird eyes, which is a ripoff.
Oh, God.
Exactly.
Now, dillards I like, which I always tell you that,
but there's never anybody in there.
So they're probably going to go down the tubes.
Every store that I like.
That's it.
That was back in the days when I had like eight million credit cards.
Jefferson's...
Oh, did I mention that?
No.
Jefferson's, which was also...
Montgomery Ward's, right?
Ward's, Jefferson's slash.
Here's our another facts from...
Greg, wait till you're this one.
This one ties right in with our problem that we have with David Jeff Heist,
friend, who won't stop with a crap that I don't want.
We give you a little bit of...
We try to pat you on a back, David, say,
you're not so bad after all.
You redeem yourself.
That's it.
But now he's spewing...
Oh, he likes me.
He likes me.
And he's, you know...
I don't know.
I didn't say we like you.
I said we're trying to...
Huh?
I would call it the report that he works out of his house.
So that's why he has all the time in the world.
But we have the name of his business right here.
Well, that must be it.
I see.
And the last part of it is support group.
And if anybody who needs a support group,
it's David.
And you're a good one to be picking on our fat friend, Jeff Heist.
Okay?
Just because he's only days away from the box.
Let's take up a collection out here.
We're going to send Moses out on the street corner.
Give him a few bucks so we can take a collection for a piano case.
For Fat Boy.
Did I...
Did I kind of bury him in like a regular box?
My fat friend who died, who was like 500 plus,
they had to build a special container for him out of particle board.
How do you like that?
I just slapped it together really quickly.
If I were a carpenter...
...by Bobby Deren.
Didn't he sing that?
Anyway, I know Peter Paul and Mary did that.
But I think Bobby Deren recorded that too.
I'm pretty sure he did.
Ask Bob Hill to tell you.
Anyway, here's Greg's facts today.
And this is pathetic.
And he would admit it's pathetic.
He admits that he's pathetic.
You see how I word him down eventually?
Dear Neil.
I'm not so sure it's a good idea to keep sending you facts.
After all these years, I never fully realized what it was like
to be on the wrong end of dealing with a pain in the ass
or as you call it a chronic.
Aha!
It's been more over a year since I've heard from my friend Andy.
Then about two weeks ago, I picked up the phone and there he was.
I don't think he can handle the fact that he hears my faxes on the air.
But yet you won't give him the time of day whether on the air
by fax.
Therefore, he's trying his hardest to get me to fax to you for him.
I absolutely refuse.
Nice going, Greg.
But I think he's ready to explode even over the deep end.
I point his, I never fully realized what it was like to be bothered
even harassed on a full-time basis over and over until there's nothing left
to do with sublime your brains out.
The bottom line is I'm not sure if it's worth fashing you daily
in combination with dealing with my own chronic.
A chronic of a chronic of your showed.
Does that make sense?
Please help.
Three exclamation points.
He's asking for help finally.
That's a step in the right direction.
PS.
In order for you to be more comfortable in the Florida studio,
George would like you to show up in your speedos.
Greg.
He was doing so well until he got to that.
What?
He had to put a silly line on earth trying to be a comedian.
Not funny after all that he pressing stuff.
He said, he's coming out of his chronic closet.
He said, he's admitting to be a chronic.
And as far as his friend Andy.
We don't know who that is.
Rosado stores.
They're out of business.
Somebody faxed it.
Rosado stores out of business.
Rosado parts.
Okay.
They were big.
They were all over the place.
They were on federal highway in the Fort Lauderdale.
Not too far from Skyline Chili.
I got it out.
Rosado.
Skyline Chili is still there.
That's an even better pool.
Well, that's another pool.
The places of business that have been around the longest.
Of course, there's always Halal Pontiac.
No extra charge, Tom.
Huh?
They've been there 35 years.
Skyline Chili.
That's been there since before I came here.
Have you ever been to Skyline Chili?
No.
You've been there?
These are date cutting.
What?
What?
They had county people.
What's that?
The risks of things?
They even live there.
Ah!
Don't wonder he's doing drugs.
Man, oh man.
You got to be kidding me.
They've never been to Skyline Chili.
I've been by it.
Do you know what it is?
Have you ever had chili mac?
Yeah.
It doesn't matter if it's the Starlight.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's Jimmy Manila.
Really good chili mac.
Who has?
The Skyline Deli.
Starlight.
Starlight, sorry.
The Skyline Chili.
Excuse me.
It's been there for 5,000 years.
I mean, you can go, I mean, when you've been here as long as I have, which is damn near 30 years now, 27.
You can be driving around and say, oh, yeah.
So and so used to be there.
The Hungarian Charter that Hungarian placed that used to be on a federal highway or whatever it is, Biscayne.
135th in Biscayne.
And then it was Rocky Graziani's.
See, I'm getting confused between the two pools.
Everything between the ones that are no longer there and the ones that have been there a hell of a long time.
Remember the original McDonald's?
I'm disgainable of art in Miami.
Indeed.
Gone.
And I ate there.
Long gone.
Did you really?
I ate there too, as a matter of fact.
Well, we did our part.
Don't blame us.
And what's the adyiner that's over there?
Those are the ones that have the side.
What's the gourmet adyiner that's right over there across the street?
Was that a purpose?
No.
It just, it just, it just, the captain I paint just flew out of my hands across the room.
Like a wet water mill.
Maybe it was Carlos's magnetic personality in there.
I doubt it though.
Here's a call from Tamarack. Hello?
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
I'm, uh, following out from my trip to Rochester.
Speaking of...
I'm...
For a good timing, man.
Oh, man.
I tell you, one thing I'll tell you though about Rochester, Neil, the people.
What a contrast from, from their, their nice, their, uh...
Yeah, we know.
Sound here, they're, they're so freaking hostile.
Mm-hmm.
And fans, you know, say what you want about Buffalo.
But Buffalo had a football game that didn't mean anything.
And what did they do?
They sold out.
Buffalo blows, man.
Yeah, but Buffalo's a, Buffalo's a great place.
It's craft.
It's static.
But I mean, you know, you talk about, you know, what a fan is.
And down here with you.
Who is this chronic trait?
Stadium...
Oh, I'm not chronic.
Yeah, you are.
You got a...
Speaking of...
Yeah, you are.
Speaking of bad chronic.
No, I'm not a chronic.
Yes, you are.
I haven't called you in years.
But your voice is like, uh, very familiar.
I hear your voice in my sleep.
But anyway, go ahead.
I'm sorry, I hear that.
That's okay.
Probably not sleeping too well.
From, I'm not.
Um...
Yeah, getting back to the fans, you know, it's like down here.
There are no fans.
If you're winning, we're number one.
Yeah, we know that.
We know that the people up north are more friendly and nicer
and polite like in Toronto and Rochester and Buffalo Blows.
And at the down here.
And what's the point?
Uh, you know, hey, ugly, ugly celebrity.
Yeah.
The Ender Bernhardt and down.
Okay, thank you.
Now you made the call worthwhile.
Thank you.
All right, dead singers.
Yeah.
Wayne Almond.
Yeah, he's somebody that facts that to me.
We apologize.
And George apologizes for not putting on it.
Thank you very much for your call.
Thanks for making your call.
1056 and 560 W.
Don't you recognize his voice?
Yes.
Who was that?
I don't know.
One of them.
One of them.
One of them.
Was one of them.
We'll figure it out.
We'll finally pop.
Just like that thing popped off my pin.
Ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have
could have or would have done something but didn't do it.
Like Moses standing there up against the wall right now just winking at me.
Yeah, he winked at me before I saw that.
What kind of crap is that?
You know, there's nothing worse than a...
Please.
But anyway, if you passed up a great opportunity like I did right then,
there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage out there right now.
3.45%.
The rates available by Conning Financial Group at 1-800-9453-63.
I'm not into like a muscle bound guys.
Moses, sorry.
Just bound.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, you'd say $3,500 in the first year low
and $300,000 you owe, I don't know, let's try it.
A hundred thousand cost you only $447 bucks a month.
Here's an opportunity that won't last long, it's a 40 year low.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a new home call financial group
at this toll free number, they'll explain to you how this works and get you a hell of a deal.
Call 1-800-9453-63.
The process is simple and the call is absolutely free.
There's no obligation.
1-800-940-LEMD financial group has been in the equal housing window
and thousands of borrowers with a Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long.
5.34 APR call financial group today and get on the road to save and a lot of cash.
Call 1-800-940-LEMD.
We're sports radio 5.60 UAM.
Going along the chicken to here.
Sing my song but you're not looking at my mouth, you stare so long.
It's something that's a bit further south and it's not my base.
We're both your eyes go looking.
Right under my clothes is my biggest after.
Underneath my clothes there's a great big booty.
Bigger than J-Loads is my huge fortuity and that is why nobody cares.
The nice things show bringing fun.
Underneath my clothes there's a great thing I need.
When I try to pay post it's anything but tiny so nobody's all the sense.
The nice things don't bring in fun.
I love it.
Leveled out to at 5.60 WQM we got the Mad Dog in the studio 1.
Hank is in the studio for the first time in months.
That's 3 o'clock this afternoon.
Now we got Chitco Pantheon preview at 7.
Panthers and Abroans at the Macarena 7.30 B there. Come on.
Let's support our team even though they've had a rough ride.
I'm sure a lot of you have had a rough ride.
Any camp to the hockey game from GA and Joanne Mark overnight.
That's the agenda. That's the schedule.
I think we've got some good possibilities.
Don't let me forget about those. Good possibilities.
Places that you missed the most.
Restaurants, places of department stores.
Places that we used to love.
Like meals on Alton Road.
Long before your time.
Yeah. You know, Ensonic was here for five minutes and then they left.
The drive up.
Yeah. Was that any good?
Yeah. Because I went up north well, up north to the south.
And they had Sonics all over the place and they were phenomenal.
That's why it's gone. Right.
Although we do have steak and shake now.
I want to apologize again for turning a lot of people onto it.
The milkshakes are great. The burgers here so far.
Not too good. Not too well.
I like falling apart. They're like, I don't know.
What is the problem there?
It's steak and quake.
560.560.560 on the AT&T horizon line.
We got polls up the ass here today, man.
So to speak.
Places that have been here the longest.
Places that you missed that aren't here any more.
Stuff like that.
All of these things that the common people out there can relate to.
We don't have a bunch of rocket scientists out there.
Certainly not ones who have had time to speak to us.
Or facts to us.
Like high boys' neighbor.
548 votes can that possibly be true.
And then some of them are even for real.
President Bush's overall job so far were asking you about today.
He's a total disaster 254.46.3%.
He's weak. His job performance is weak.
Like Al Martino's voice, 107.
So you put those two together already.
You got like 66% for close to it.
Outstanding 98.17.8%.
Fair 45.8.2%.
And good just 448%.
So it's a hardly a negative response we got on L. President Day on W.
Who's getting really impatient and sick and tired,
awaiting for the inspectors and saw them to get off his ass.
He wants some action.
He's salivating for some action.
Kill some people.
I think that maybe Mo had a stomach on it.
I think that's exactly what he was talking about yesterday.
He's getting impatient what the president wants most.
In this new year.
In fact, he should have made a new year's speech.
During 2003, let's kill some people.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's a picture of Josh Cron.
Have you ever seen Josh Cron in the building?
I have neither.
George insists that he read a worship power down the hall.
You know that crap they played on the hall.
But you have seen him.
Not that I want to see him.
Of course, he's Luke Cron.
Sunset probably stays away from me.
Luke Cron, the former general manager of WNWS.
I was going to say my former mentor,
but in his case, it would be Tormentor,
who used to sit in his office in the dark, smoking a pipe.
I knew people like that.
Yeah.
That would sit in the dark.
I'm some serious.
So, Mike.
Very strange guy.
But anyway, I'm sure Josh is not a strange guy.
And he's going to be on the Vachalorette.
And the good news for America is there are just Czech TV guys.
There are 622 shows this week.
The Vachalorette, the Vachalorette, Joe Millionaire, Joe Billionaire, Joe the Schlepper,
the blind date, not blind date, the first date, the last date, dead date, ugly date.
The first date, the last date, dead date, ugly date.
Yeah.
Figs and dates.
We got 4500 in those shows this week, just because there's great originality in TV.
First, it was a quiz show.
It was a Registrarity that would have Millionaire thing.
And I told you they were going to kill it.
First, I told you it was a bad show, which it was.
It was an awful show.
Atrocious.
And then they put it on 15 nights a week.
People got a little bit tired of that.
They even started turning on their buddy Registrarity.
And we had Chuck Swillery with Greed.
See, the whole idea is to exploit people's bad nature.
Not good thing.
What's Carlos?
What's Freaky Carlos want?
What do you open the door for?
What does he want?
Well, like Susan Lucci is going back with Registrarity.
Susan Lucci is coming back with Registrarity wants to tell you.
Yeah.
And singing her Broadway tunes in Westpull.
Well, what do you mean she's coming back with Registrarity?
What does that mean?
I thought you meant coming back here, like in the building.
No, to Westpull, I guess.
Who cares?
Hey, Freaky Carlos, we're doing a radio show in here at you silly queen.
We don't give a crap about goddamn Susan Lucci, you fag.
What's wrong with you, man?
Well, seriously, that bugs me.
Professional fag.
It's just bugs the crap out of me.
Oh, Cootie Cootie, it's Susan Lucci.
Who cares?
Nobody cares about Susan Lucci or Tammy Faye.
Or Joan Crawford or Liza Manelli.
God Almighty, go watch my fairy lady or whatever you want to watch.
Get out of my face, Carlos.
You idiot.
Not you, I mean, Freaky Carl, you too.
Anyway, so uh...
Freaky Freaky.
He is Freaky, but compared to the other one, he's like Joe Vanilla.
Well, right away, that's on Tuesday at 8th, Joe Vanilla.
Right after Joe Millionaire.
I mean, what's wrong with you people out there?
I mean, how much of the sameness over and over with the same concept?
Oh, it's a hit show.
Let's make 50 shows like they've been doing that forever.
They do it with the movies.
They do it with everything.
Oh, yeah.
Buddy, cops shows, sci-fi shows,
uh... explosion special effects shows, Indiana Jones and the uh...
pillar of your ass, all the scrap.
All the same.
If somebody gets a hit doing something, right away,
everybody and their brothers doing the same damn thing.
Be original like George, you know.
You know, boring, but...
But at least different.
We'll say that for you, at least when you do the show, it's different.
Thanks.
Right?
Plus who else in America talks about eating ass beside George?
No one.
Nobody else.
Nobody, even uh...
Linda Samuels admires the fact that you discuss eating ass.
I think, I don't know.
I'll show...
She'll email.
She emails every day because she...
You know that she listens to this show from start to finish every single...
She doesn't miss a word.
Doesn't miss a word.
And you want to know why?
Because she knows that if she wants the truth, this is where she comes.
If she wants to hear a bullcrap, she'll go produce her boyfriend mad Grudgeshow.
No, I thought it was because she was a fat gag.
Suit versus diocese gets go ahead.
That is a good point.
Case involves two people.
Hook her up with Alice Rantell, okay?
She's probably getting worn out with the same self-hating fat.
Hook her up with the new one.
Hook her up with Alice.
Hook her.
Not that we have any malice toward Alice, but...
Suit versus diocese gets go ahead.
Case involves two priests.
I mean, he really opened the door to tell us that Suzylucci is coming to West Palm.
Who cares?
You idiot?
We're doing a show in here.
And I'm sitting here thinking like something important is going on and living like dead air up the ass.
And then I... what is it?
Oh, Suzylucci and Regis are coming to West Palm.
I mean, we like Regis, but if he has to come with Suzylucci, he's screw him.
And maybe he's gonna sing.
Yeah.
Probably sing her right into the ground.
Suzylucci.
Oh my God.
In a case involving a Broward County priest, the judges allowed the first sexual abuse lawsuit against the arctisies of Miami to go to trial,
even though the former altar boy who filed suit alleges the abuse happened three decades ago.
They'd circuits judge Ronald Friedman rejected the Catholic Church's argument that the statute of limitations to Su ran out years ago,
saying only that there were sufficient issues in the claim.
Jose Crius Jr., now 45, claimed he was sexually abused by two South Florida priests in the early 70s.
In a lawsuit filed last May, Crius alleged that Reverend Ricardo Castelano's 56th,
pastor of San Isidro Church in Palm, it'll be sexually abused in between the ages of 14 and 16th,
at St. Kieran Church and La Salle High School in Miami, and during overnight trips to Disney World.
Don't let your kids go out overnight trips anywhere with priests, okay?
You idiots, you crazy people.
Crius also alleged the Reverend Alvaro Guishar molested him at the Church of a little flower in Crowgables during the same period.
Remember these stories that was from last year?
Well, now it's hit in the fan.
Castelano San Guishar, 62 now pastors in Francis, the sales in Miami Beach, deny the accusations.
The Archdiocese placed both priests on administratively while a Church-Lay Committee and officials review the allegations.
And on it go, I'm not going to read the whole thing.
It's on our website, right? We got this on our news. It's on our news of the day.
31-year-old makes reality TV, the show's first cut on the Bachelor Rat.
And this is John Josh Crowe, one of 50 remaining bachelors competing on the Bachelor Rat, which debuted last week with high ratings.
I think most of the people who were watching were high, including Jeff High.
But the bottom line is it says, will the Power 96 FM advertising executive make it through the next round?
Which year is tonight 9 p.m.? We don't know, but he'll be honored tonight if you want to see what our FM sales staff looks like.
What? Well, we'll say this for him. He don't look all that great, but compared to our AM sales staff, he looks fantastic.
Man, oh man. I look at our picture of our sales staff and it made me look really good, especially since John Penis left.
Not that he was good looking, but he was like just a guy, at least a normal looking guy.
Right. Like a guy who, in clothing, you know, our other people look very strange.
In fact, little Todd Reck was in here before. I reached back to pick up the cap from my pen that went, I almost stepped on him.
Todd Reck. Copy, Todd. Copy. If I'm going to do your spots, copy, baby.
Seriously, you should have seen the look at his face when I said, copy. Look at him. What's that? What's that copy?
I know. I'm just being a pin in the ass again, Todd. How's the color in the man doing you idiot?
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM. I'll tell you some people that are doing great. That's because more and more you folks are catching on.
Dialometrist, that's right. Nothing will have a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than getting a good night's sleep.
Anybody can tell you that. But if you don't have a good mattress, if your mattress is lumpy, bumpy and worn out, then forget about it.
You're going to feel like crap. Get you a great new name brand mattress. The sensible, the easiest way in the world by making one smartphone call to our good close pizons at dialometrist like George does, like I do, like Miguel did too.
In fact, Miguel said he never got so much ass in his life since he started doing it on that great new dialometrist. That's what he said.
They carried the top brands in the universe. Maybe you ought to think about that. See the service Simmons and King Corl, every size and style.
I'm thinking about it right now. I'd even like to watch. Dialometrist will have it there on time too.
That's right. You pick the two are wonder when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you. They pride theirself on their 99% on time record, which is just one of a zillion reasons why the ranked first for customer satisfaction.
I don't know what you're laughing about because it happens to be true. I don't know. What does his girlfriend look like? Pretty hot. Anyway, so get you a great dialometrist. And pretty soon you can sleep with your Miguel blow up doll or maybe the real thing.
Call 1-800-MATRUS. That's 1-800-MATRUS. The great way to start you and your back off for the new year with a great new name brand mattress and an unbeatable price from dialometrist.
I can love this. This is sports wheel bicycle. You are.
Yo yo, let's rate 4. Radio big char. That's how we pass the time away in the K.O. J.L.R.
Everybody loves fear factor and everybody loves blind date. Well now there's a new reality show that combines the best of both worlds.
It's date factor with your host Joe Rogan. Here's our first couple. Taylor and Tyler. We'll start your day by hanging from their toenails over a pit full of poisonous snacks. Do you guys have fun?
Date factor. We're getting lucky means you might live to see the closing credits. It's nice going. Okay. Now it's time to climb in the car.
Oh good. Are we going to the restaurant? Nope. We're going to suspend the car 100 feet in the air while you climb out the window and grab a flag off the luggage rack.
Date factor. Don't miss today's exciting climax when Taylor and Tyler finally arrive at the restaurant for an intimate dinner.
Okay dude and dude here's tonight's mouth watering on tray. Steamed rat pancreas in a light blood sauce.
Yeah. Date factor as if blind dates weren't scary enough. How about survivor and not survivor? What do you call it when not survived and dead? Dead people.
8000 of these shows all the same crap because it's reality based not just a lot of bored people out there. Let's face it.
1118 at 560 WQM we got 584 votes on the poll. Presidents not doing well total is after 274 week 114 outstanding 117.2% good 48 fair 47.
Not doing well in this crowd. 584 votes in two hours. I bet you're at least here for those are like real votes too.
But like Eric says bring them on man. Bring them on. Help subsidize our geogenda. Here's Miami. Hello.
Morning. Yes sir. Are you doing today great. I heard you guys talking earlier about the newborns. The newborns. Yeah.
Is that a group? Yeah the new beats members the new beats. I remember the crazy. Yeah and what about it sir?
I was just wondering what you guys were talking about because it turned out the radio and just caught the end of it.
What do you mean what are us guys were talking what does that mean click click yeah idiot total idiot.
Little little little little little. He had somebody turn on the radio for me just caught the total ass.
Back to the end of it. What are we talking about? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless on sale. I mean he just he ought to be able to open that first guy to call this morning right out of the box.
How predictable starting to show with another pool. Then we got this guy who wants to know what the hell the new beats.
Red and butter by the new beats. In fact because we got so much stuff in here we got a we got a parody on everything that's ever been done like.
Yeah. How do you like that apples huh? Don't put butter on your apples.
I can't take too much water. It shoots right out my ass.
Pepper and paprika. Blue mean to the can.
I can't take water and the butter down. And both of them can see gas.
I can't take too much butter. Me too. But then I get so much.
I can't take too much butter. I can't take it at all. I ask for it from all less drunk.
And especially sorbet called. I know my beats are coming in a quick stab.
I gotta go to my can. And I gotta go back to beat butter. I just can't take the can.
I can't take too much butter. It goes through me too fast. Every time I eat it.
I have to change my hand. I can't take too much.
So thank you very much for calling because we never would have played that otherwise. So thank you for whatever the hell you were babbling about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I like that bit. That's one of my favorites but I never think to play it. Right.
So we thank him for usually for bringing up the new beats. And then there was always the easy beats in Friday on my mind.
I have Friday. He was a big fan of Dragnet Joe Friday. And Harry Morgan and Jack Wimb and Frank Alexander.
What a memory man. For a meaningless craft. Well that's old stuff. Let's talk about new stuff like two pack and the big notorious B.I.G.
Talk about that craft. Here's Sonny Isles. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing now? Okay. Hey two things man. I don't know.
I don't know. Look at these commercials that they're playing on TV. There's one of a kid there and they're smoking weed and he has a gun.
And then he accidentally shoots the other kid and it says marijuana harmless. Yeah. Have you seen those commercials? Yes. I have of course the gun isn't hard.
Is harmless. We know that so must be the marijuana that's the dangerous thing in this spot. Yeah. I look at that and I'm like, I never get like that.
Grace this call George. We got another one of those pots. I'm okay. Hey one more.
Grace like George wants to sell you some. Yeah go ahead. I'll buy it from you. I'll buy. Okay. Don't George wants to buy that from you. Oh, I got up in a cell. I'll buy it from him. Okay.
This is one more thing. J. Feet or sucks. Right? Who? Oh, that's all one of the sports shows. I'm not going to use this show, which is not a sports show.
Just start ripping poor J. Feet. Lornaz. Okay. And then we get these idiots calling. Oh, what are just picking on him because he's Jewish.
They're not picking him on him because he's Jewish or ugly and has big ears. Who cares about that? I mean, it's nice when your quarterback is a great looking stud like Tom Brady. We can't all look like that. You know.
But and there's a good point. They are near the quarterback. The worst they play like art like manning. Sandy Peyton Manning. I mean, he really blows. I would talk about overrated.
And the people on this radio station who pretending on some of them about sports. I see more NFL games because every single one of them who's on the air here is watching one game.
Tank is assigned ESPN. They send him to one game every week. The mad dog is doing it often game. I'm sitting there at home with my NFL package. I see parts of all the games, at least if they're interesting. You know.
I see parts of Tom Brady too, but I can't tell you which parts. But you know, so what would these people know? Oh, Peyton Manning. He stinks.
You look at his face and you see like, I start thinking about the president when I see him. Yeah, I start thinking about Frado from the Godfather.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5. Drew Bletsow. He don't look too bad. I'm not great. I mean, like, you know, he's like a human and he's not that bad. He's a statue.
But he's not all that bad. You look at the really. And then see the problem with Chad Pennington is he was doing okay till we so
But he looked like with a helmet off. We saw those big ears pop out and all of a junk that you're not. That came the other day, right?
Soon as you let those ears pop out. Should have kept a helmet on Chad. And then who the hell was talking about it?
Wasn't a hanging chat problem. Was that on a pregame show? The other day a hanging chat. I think it was neon D on doing his pimple routine on CBS before the game.
Oh, the hanging chat isn't the dilemma here. It's a Chad Pennington. I still believe he's got to be driving a big yellow civilian.
Dion, what do you think? He ain't driving a big $50,000. Hungry like that kid. What why are they all screaming about that on this station? Is that their business?
Is that their business? I think they're going to talk about it. I think there's nothing or anything else going on right now. You're a good point.
See, George is a sports expert. The one thing he knows, nothing else going on except, of course, the Panthers are playing a Bruins tonight.
I'd like to hear Mo critique that game tomorrow morning. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, I was messing the restaurant. The public's on US one in South Miami. How about all the pump right? Yeah, that was an especially good one. You're right.
That was in the turn into a similar. Oh, and it's never gone back since. Good for you. I mean, you know, what else used to be on down?
I don't know if it is because I don't go to black angus. Is that out of business? Yes. The blackiness.
Thanks for excellent suggestions. See, they like that. That's the kind of stuff. We'll get a lot of calls when we do that. Like maybe they were good, huh? Like angus. They were. Yeah.
What was the one where you used to go in with the, with the, with the stakes, the little stakes in the garland. He read there was like, yeah, that was sizzler.
For what, you know, if you didn't want to go out like to someplace fancy, if you just want to go to lunch and pick out, like if you're really, really high.
And there was dust morgues board there right over an hour old neck of the woods there.
Sterling. What in that Sterling? Palm and pines in that chopping plaza was duff smorgasbord. I think it was a chain. That's when I always tell you that you could gum the food.
Everything tasted the same. The lasagna tasted like the roast beef and the spaghetti tasted like a potato. You could, you could gum it.
Thing to the demographic and pomegranate pines. Death plus death plus 10. See, this isn't a place for young people. So it's an end of the thing we don't have any here.
Because it just ain't. I mean, we got like a smattering, you know, one here, one over there. And your hearts aren't too happy about it.
5 6 7 on. In fact, when they brought Brian Sears and the driver, Tom Pato Park, they said, oh, we don't like that. He's too young.
34 is not like a kid at too young. We're like old guys. Bring back Tommy Wynn. Bring back Levi Harner. Bring back Satch Warner. All the old guys, all the Alta Cockers. We like that.
The old guys that like fall out of the bucket. They have my poll.
Elmer Conrad. Harold Snobgrass. 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQ AM on our great Wednesday, man. We got that big noon to one hour coming up.
We got 50 million votes on the pool. What's not to like the prices right? The price is right. I'll tell you that right now for the show free entertainment in a very, very boring place.
Even my new cardiologist yesterday, he said that he's in a car lottery today. So we listened to the show. He's a big fan of the show. And he asked me why I said, I want to talk radio because it's an interview on talk that one radio question.
It was about Randy Rhodes about. And he asked does he really take herself that seriously? And I said, I guess so. I don't really know, but pretty sad. And it's George back from those days when she was like the goddess and she was fun and games and telling the management theory to stick it up there.
But that was different, different Randy, but now he's gonna save the world from itself. She wants to be a female rush on the other side.
Just like, whatever. Maybe she'd like Atlanta to one. Maybe she'd also go to smallville. She could fight with. Well, Tina's gone now since she fell on that spike.
Huh? She was impaled. She got spiked at the end of the show. Maybe next week, Tom Orleans. Here will be spiked.
27 past 11 at 560 W. I'll tell you what, he looks really good with his clothes on. I'll say that. Just keep your clothes on, Tom.
Another year's gone by and a lot of you folks out there are still underpaid and stuck in a really crappy job. If your new year's resolution is to change your life and get out of that dead end job and get a new high paying career, call our friends at fast train because they'll help you do it. Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to a new high paying job by April. You heard me right. If you can commit three nights a week, fast train can have you certified as a computer professional, make it a big fat paycheck every week by April.
So call fast train right now and get out of your dead end rut. Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. Fast train offers job placement, easy financing, data, and weekend classes.
And they afford convenient locations all over town for you. They're in Miami, Kendall Pemberpies, and Fort Lauderdale. Just one easy call you'll be on your way to a brand new exciting career column. Right now, toll free. There's no obligation. They'll explain to you what it's all about. Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com.
Find and local. Here's sports video 560. See you in UA. Yeah.
Found.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
I don't know why they hate me. All right, they always hate me. It must be cause I got you.
I don't know why they hate me. All right, they always hate me. It must be cause I got you.
I don't know why they hate me. All right, they always hate me. It must be cause I got you.
Where am I? I buy in the beast, the fat little freak. I did them a favor now again upon the beast.
The reason I dismissed that stink at fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play connoisseur.
Hey, somebody talk over there. Nobody talks when I rap. I rap, tend you talk.
Look at me. I'm hit. I ain't no square. I'm a thing done, daddy, man. I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want. I don't care.
Let's play if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I got fired myself and even happens to the greens.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here or else we'll break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life says good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the gents.
Paradise, paradise, I don't guess nobody's hacin' paradise.
Go go go go. I'll be sure to let the screw gets when I get the gents, but the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take? I'll be calling the plate.
It was just a little thought, so what I let this day.
And that's funny when I knock the sandwich buddy. I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
If that is something else, something you ought to know, but the longest time I wanted you to be my goal.
You wipe my title, now answer a pal now.
Who? Who's the putty of door?
I won't take no for an answer.
What's it about?
But it's good.
Not you.
Get me out of there.
I have bad chance.
Put the door door.
Who?
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
So speaking of Skugans, guess what's across from Poppato Park that I just noticed?
Must be brand new.
Skugans?
Yeah.
Good guess.
And of course it's up there by Pomehr and Winmore.
Speaking of people with bad hairpaces, guess who this is written by?
It wasn't written to us, but it's a copy of it.
Steve Ziegler.
Ah.
Our good old engineering buddy from IOD.
How do you know?
Don't you remember he actually worked for Paxton for a while, too, over at IOD?
Did he come in and do some stuff?
For my dreaming.
I don't recall.
Yes, he did.
I don't remember him ever being there.
Yeah.
Yeah, because they were building the new studios.
They need like a new engine.
Oh, that's why we recommended Barley our good friend Steve and he brought in that big scooter
I've always used to care.
Nobody mess with Steve Ziegler because he had a scooter driver the size of Vermont.
But anyways, it's about the Mike.
It's sent to Barbara Winnery and the Fornery family and the point being that there's going to be a
Micronary website.
It said it's ready for public showing.
So I guess when he gets that, I'm just mentioning that so that Micronary people will be able to look at,
I don't know what the website is, but I'm sure we'll find out.
And then we'll link it.
And then well, yeah, we can link it.
I guess.
Here's the fact that it says there's a hot dog stand on Biscuit and about 73rd named Dogma.
That's cute.
It's new.
A full menu of assorted gourmet hot dogs and is drawing a crowd.
I had the Chicago dog.
It was great.
That's one of my favorite things is the Chicago hot dog.
Well, the real green, with the real green relish and onions and you never had a Chicago dog?
I don't know.
And the peppers.
They have peppers, real, real green relish some special kind of relish and onions.
It sounds good.
You know where they have that?
Fort Lauderdale.
Why do I do this to myself?
Is it hot digger-dee dog?
Is that the name of the place?
No, I don't.
It's across the Lincoln Mercury River on federal highway in Fort Lauderdale or sunrise.
Huh?
No, no.
Why not?
You better get out a little bit more, mister.
I can't.
The whole world doesn't revolve around Burger King.
Burger King.
I haven't eaten that for 10 years.
It says usually about 20 to 30 people hang out of eating hot dogs that opened about three weeks ago.
See, that's the sign of a real city.
Maybe this is a good olman.
This game is 73rd.
This game is 73rd.
That's only a few blocks away from our good friends at Flores, which that's about to come in.
Remember the Wendy's right there?
Yeah.
Right.
A block away from that.
It's not gone, is it?
The Wendy's?
The Wendy's.
I don't know.
No, I'm sure it's still there.
The Wendy's in the Taco Bell right behind.
Right.
And the old pussycat right across the street in the Playboy Club.
Gone.
History.
So there you go.
So things that are gone and things that are coming in.
Hot dogs, winners.
Lot of winners in Miami.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
Look at that pool, man.
President Bush's popularity rating is lower than any time since 9, 11.
I didn't make that up.
That's in USA today.
And they got a lot of color pictures near to prove it.
Hot dog heaven.
Thank you.
Hot dog heaven.
I can't tell you where it is.
Oh.
They got great Chicago dogs.
You ought to try it.
You'd like it.
You'd love it.
In fact, maybe we can get some of the sense of those over here.
That's a great idea.
I was going to say, yo, maybe we're going to have to eat a lot.
I can eat with a knife and a fork.
But a better idea would be a special delivery.
Save us a trip.
Special delivery one.
If they especially deliver it here.
Who?
Them.
Hot dog heaven?
Yeah.
Who said they know from us?
They don't necessarily.
But I bet you that somebody that knows anything.
You have an idea what he's talking about besides sucking around for another video.
Somebody will tip him off, baby.
Yeah.
I wonder if Rochester Hots has Chicago hot dogs.
Ah.
Anyway, here's the poll.
How do you feel about the president's overall job so far?
W.
We're talking about.
He's a, in the case you forgot his name.
He's a total disaster 289, 47.2%.
289 is 612 votes.
612 votes.
George.
Week 120.
So you put that's 19.6.
So that's 67% those two categories.
That's two thirds.
You turn.
Of all the votes.
Outstanding 102, 16.6%, good, 53, 8.6%, fair, 48, 7.8%.
So outstanding or good, 25.2%, which means Daniel 75% are saying,
not too great, not too thrilled at this moment.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
We're reminiscent about weenie places.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
It's Carl Dose.
You're an Air Force guy.
How you doing?
Great.
How you doing?
Excellent.
I called George while you were on vacation, but I wanted to call you to officially welcome you back.
Well, thank you so much.
How's everything going?
Are you good?
Good thing you called now before I get there, out of here.
Yeah, no kidding.
It'll be a while though.
It'll be a while.
It seems like I was hit Joe when you're on your way out.
Yeah, I'm here.
Hey, did you hear this morning when on Mo Howard's show, some guy called up asking if Joe Thornton's
playing tonight and, and classic form?
Oh my God.
Joe Thornton will not be playing tonight.
Joe Thornton's in bad shape.
Oh, yeah.
Joe Thornton is not doing too good.
Gildy has to say this ass on that one.
He got, he seemed to be going around.
Michael Renberg got that infected hand and they thought he was going to lose his arm.
And now he's okay.
I hope he comes back soon.
We need him.
And Joe Thornton had to say kind of like an infection too.
Hospitalized for a few days.
Oh, yeah.
But I'm not going to take a more of your things.
I know you have very, very much more important car than you.
In case Mo is monitoring, Bobby Or will not be playing tonight either.
Or Derek Sanderson or Jerry Cheever's.
I have a great day, Carlos.
I knew it.
Take care, brother.
I'll leave it there, Chee.
I wasn't talking to you.
Carlin, our carless listener.
Oh, should I have a great day if you want?
And if not, that's okay too.
It's free country.
You're well to a point.
Although the USA Patriot X is illegal aliens, illegal aliens should not have a great day.
Maybe the aliens can solve that whole abortion thing, huh?
Instead of like multiplying the traditional way, we can just start cloning people.
The aliens can handle reproducing the stuff.
The rabbit stuff.
You notice we don't hear one word anymore.
You talk about the biggest egg that was ever laid, Humpty Dumpty's laugh at his ass off.
The biggest egg bioad you assholes in the media.
Oh, the radians are holding a press conference in Hollywood, Florida.
As soon as you heard Hollywood, Florida, you should have all gone to Rosa Lopez's house
and looked for the Virgin Mary.
And when you saw that she wasn't there, you should have known this was another soft Florida scan.
And you know what?
I love it.
We keep pulling the biggest scams out of rest of the world.
We're starting to take a whole different altitude about it.
Screw you people, okay?
We don't have any shame anymore anyhow.
So the fact that we're scamming the whole world with all these goofballs that keep gravitating toward us, we enjoy it.
Hey, there's the judge looking up with that eye at the chance.
You know, wow, screw you.
We sure made a lot of fun out of it, didn't we?
Of course we didn't get a good result.
But nevertheless, nothing's perfect.
It's not perfect.
You can thank those old Jews and Palmbeats who voted for Pat Buchanan.
You voted for Pat Buchanan, okay?
And in retrospect.
Yes?
Yeah, in retrospect.
Not too bad.
Yeah.
I do like that, sure.
I don't care what anybody says.
And I sure wish I could find out if they're getting any numbers because I hope it stays on here.
Buchanan impressed two to four on MSNBC.
And like you said, the other day, Pat is actually, I mean on some subjects, he's, you know, he'll still always be a Nazi.
But in certain areas, he's like a hell of a reasonable, is that like you used to say?
He sure know Tucker Carlson or Bob Novak or George Will.
I get the will he's thinking about George Will.
Man, I want to put out my damn boots and start just stomping when I see George Will.
The goose stiffer.
19 till noon.
Who bet we didn't get no food in here today, you know?
But too late now, I didn't bring my sack.
Doctor, remind me to bring something for my sack.
Remember I used to do that.
Right.
I haven't been doing that.
Although we did bring soda because, well, we're a little short on soda.
Couldn't we arrange like I would be glad to even pay for it?
I know that's unusual.
Like buy, like maybe a, uh, Jeff.
Ponytail.
Or, uh, you're good friends.
Scott and Ira.
We could arrange to have like a delivery like I'd pay for it.
Like diet, caffeine free, whatever.
Okay.
I just mentioned that in passing something for you to work on in between all the other hard work you do in there.
Which we still haven't figured out what it is.
Reason now that what's your name's gone?
19 till noon at 560 WQA.
And what that was your name?
Shannon.
I'm not going to play it.
I'm not going to get great to carry it away.
Then we'll be getting another facts.
One a day is okay like vitamins, Greg.
One a day.
Cause if I play that he'll spin some other facts.
Hey, it's a new year.
A lot of people out there are thinking that they really prooked out during the holidays and over new years, etc.
And they were really just gigantic.
And not only do you look like a cow, but it's really unhealthy.
And low and behold, these genius doctors are discovering fat and good for it.
What a concept.
Huh?
Takes years off your life.
If you're trying to lose weight, the Edkins way, running at the low carbohydrate way.
There's a marvelous, a sensational store that's dedicated to you.
It's called Delights of Westboka.
It's a megastorf, racquins, dieters, or many low carbohydrate free diet.
Because that's all they carry in the store.
No fat and in crap.
None of that garbage.
It'll make you fat as all hell.
They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products.
And man, what a pleasure it is to have some choices as opposed to just, you know, the usual steak and shrimp and shrimp.
And shrimp and shrimp.
I mean, that's fine, but you got to have some choices.
And that's what you'll find at Delights.
Like their new low carb crunchy granola by Flaxoomiel.
And two scrumptious flavors, only one and two carbs per serving.
So whether it's carbolide ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces,
Delights of Westboka is a place you'll find them all.
And whatever it is you're looking for there, you can try before you buy it in the store.
They got a staff who knows their stuff inside and out.
They know you're a puppet.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And they create the most complete line of Edkins brand products anywhere and the best part.
Always 25% off the regular price all day, every day.
And of course, like we keep telling you, Edkins, they finally become respected.
But again, huh?
He's become okay.
Even though he's an old funny dirty.
Because the study show that Edkins really works, he can lower your cholesterol, your triglycerides,
and help get that weight off too.
So check out the number one sugar-free low carb store anywhere in Delights of Westboka.
And you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Right next to it, a Boston market.
You can call it 187-7 Low Carbore on the web.
Find them at lowcarb.com.
And look all this is 420-560.
You weigh it in weigh.
Get, baby.
We got it great.
We will bring great Satan to his knees.
All our heart, come.
Hey, Mr. Televang, give me Ben Laden.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
Hey, Mr. Televang, give me Ben Laden.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
We ask you to prepare for a holy war.
Big G-Hot.
G-Hot.
G-Hot.
G-Hot.
Going to the G-Hot, don't feel it.
Coming in from every single terrorist state.
Cowbull, you many raki run.
I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb, Les Rock.
Raise all of Les Rock.
Got my beard and my long wife's smart.
Going to the G-Hot Rock.
She had two says to Hamas for.
Get the boys ready for a holy war.
Spot's out too says to Martha and three.
Come on, accuse some women and cheer her with me.
Loves Rock.
Raise all of Les Rock.
Come on, ho.
Got my long wife's smart.
Going to the G-Hot Rock.
Ben Laden, I didn't come out of his cave.
Televang, monkey, stutter, rant and rant.
Black male women begging in the crowd.
But bodies only known, ladies and loud, Les Rock.
Rack them.
Raise all of Les Rock.
Come on, ho.
Put on my bloody wife's smart.
Going to the G-Hot Rock.
Quick, Mohammed.
Turn off CNN.
Check latest American troop position.
Ali, watch me in Latin video.
CNBC.
For God's message, your next mission in America.
Going to the G-Hot, don't feel late.
Coming in from every single terrorist case.
Come for him and you're up, you're on.
I'll be stepping on my suicide family's rock.
Raise all of Les Rock.
Come on, ho.
Got my beard and my long wife's smart.
Going to the G-Hot Rock.
She had two says to Mohammed Spores.
Get the boys ready for a holy war.
But two says to Martha and three.
Come on and kill some women and children with me, Les Rock.
Raise all of Les Rock.
Then got my beard and my long wife's smart.
And I'm going to the G-Hot Rock.
I'm going to the G-Hot.
Bring back Satan to his name.
Kill the impede swine.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
11-156.
I don't want to step on the whirlie bird.
Anyway, this is in line with what we're talking about before.
Milton Burrell's death leaves largest penis void.
So to speak.
The death of comedian Milton Burrell long-roman
to have the largest penis in Hollywood
has left several celebrities lobbying for the much-heralded title
of entertainment's biggest member, including actor James Woods,
comic Bob Newhart, and singer.
This will knock you off your chair.
Wayne Newton.
Look at that.
They both just hit the floor.
Burrell died at the age of 93, but his age never appeared to be a factor
in the long-running rumors that he possessed the largest penis in the entertainment industry.
Now that he's passed away, many celebrities are positioning themselves
to overtake his title.
I have great respect for Mr. Burrell, but now that he's no longer living,
I'm not ashamed to tell the world I have an enormous tallywacker said Woods,
best known for his role in against all odds.
I think it's important for the world to know that I'm gifted and proud of it.
You think this is going to be tongue-in-like?
Back to him.
Cheek.
Newhart begs to differ with Woods' assessment of himself.
I've lived in Milton Burrell's shadow for far too long.
He said, you ask any woman, including my wife and Suzanne Plushette,
and they'll tell you I'm a hunter like a horse,
taking a backseat to nobody, especially James Woods.
Newton, meanwhile, said he's prepared to put his package head-to-head with anybody.
He's got some red-hose aroses for a blue lady.
He's got a red-hose for a blue lady.
See, we forgot that today.
We were doing Don Kishin.
How about red-hose for a blue lady, huh?
Is that small potatoes or what?
He is crap, man.
And who the hell was saying about, well, he's a terrible singer but a great entertainer.
I think I was most in that one.
Is monitoring the other day yesterday morning.
Let's pretend it was, anyway.
It was.
Now, it was.
Terrible singer but a great entertainer.
What does that mean?
Maybe he's describing it.
Maybe he's as good as Susan Lucci, Gucci, Gucci, huh?
She can't sing.
She can't dance.
She can't act.
But she's a great entertainer.
She's a panic.
Milton stated the topic because he had both length and girthy, famous Las Vegas performer,
said Newton.
That's what I bring to the table as well.
He later right out there in the table.
People were aghast.
Most guys here in Cincinnati are just banging showgirls.
But I feel like my Johnson is too good for them.
I'm very selected with whom I share the big Harley.
It says, so who gets to decide that a stick down or goes to a small nonprofit group in Beverly Hills called
Personalities Receiving Infinite Kudos, the acronym being PRI-CK.
Anybody who I normally claim this most prestigious title must come to our office in person
and have themselves measured by the staff said, Dick Judge, President of the organization,
to be honest, we've never had to do this before because nobody would come close to meeting Mr. Burrell.
If you'll pardon the pun, we'll set it over the prospect of having a new pool beer.
There you go.
Everybody likes a good pool, like it says.
Right there on our website.
President is doing very poorly, very, very bad, maybe some of you people, 650 votes, 309.
309 people say he's a total disaster, 126 a week.
That's 60, almost 67%.
Right around the 2-thirds mark.
Here's a call in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil Godd.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, the place on the sunrise Boulevard, just east of Andrews Avenue.
Hot Dog Heaven.
Exactly.
Yeah, they deserve Vienna beef hot dogs.
Right.
Which are brought in from Chicago.
You used to be able to buy those in the stores in the frozen section, but very few stores
like Public Security and VCs.
I asked the managers, they'll ever carry them again, and they say not enough interest.
I think there's a lot of Midwesterners who would buy them.
I wanted to also tell you about a website.
Now there's a lot of garbage on the way.
We all know.
But this is one that makes it for all the sins of the web.
It's called absolutely Brady.com.
You must go at your first opportunity.
Oh, I got it right here as a matter of fact.
Yeah, it's great.
It's fantastic.
I especially like to make it pictures.
Exactly.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah, we already, Carl, somebody got that he found it.
How was he looking for that?
I wonder.
What does that mean?
Absolutely Brady.
Isn't that what's on my, yeah.
On my desktop.
Underneath all those icons.
And he's got one covered in like a very important place too, which I wish you'd get that off of there.
Get it off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Hot Dog, heaven.
That's an institution.
That's been there, I think, as long as I've been here.
The egg and I, the eggery, what does that place call?
I'll take another place that's been here as long as I've been.
And they were like nothing.
They were nothing when I first came here.
And then I put them on the map.
Not, I wish I had.
Krispy Kreme, 163rd.
Now you talk about a neighborhood that's gone to the dogs.
My goodness.
And yet everything has gone from there.
Peaches, the old wolfies.
I mean, 163rd Street mall shopping center is still there, but, huh.
But anyway, Krispy Kreme is still there.
And what's the joint that's right next door to it?
Is that the egg place, the, what does that agree?
It's around there.
I don't think that's the ham and egg.
Is it?
There's something there.
There's one that's called the egg and I or the egg and you and the egg and you and the egg and I.
I think that's, that's it.
No.
See, I get them confused.
One of them is on federal highway and four-load of Dale.
And the other one is right next door to Krispy Kreme.
Someone will do it.
Krispy Kreme has been there like a hundred years.
And nobody around here has a donut shop.
Little did we know at that time.
The incredible increase in diabetes.
Somebody's on the phone.
They're probably going to give George the answer to our thing here right now.
The egg and what is it?
Egg and you as federal highway.
Egg and you as the one on federal highway.
And what?
Ham and egg.
Ham and egg.
He's right next to it or Krispy Kreme.
Those places have been here for a damn long time.
That's what I say.
You really got to respect.
People who can stay in business like forever and ever and ever and ever.
Because especially in this town, man,
he's people are really difficult to please.
In addition to which the population keeps turning over so dramatically because basically two things.
Number one, it's a transient area.
A lot of deadbeats and vote people.
And the population keeps dying all the time.
Too many old, old, oh.
Dying over there.
So between those two factors,
it's pretty damn hard to like maintain any continuity.
I think we're going to be talking about that a little bit tomorrow.
Make a list, all you people out there.
Start making a list.
Places that have been here the longest that are still in business that have been here about 5,000 years.
Not too many restaurants.
And places that aren't here anymore that you just are dying for.
Like needles on Alton Road.
I just mentioned that in a frame particular reason.
Oh, God.
Yeah. That was a good place.
Not a fancy restaurant.
Boy, they had good onion soup, man.
They had some of the best damn onion soup.
You know, the real thick baked cheese.
Oh.
In the crock.
Now most of what's left is a crock.
Can I tell you a place that's great.
The animal coast Chinese buffet.
They're still around and they're going to be around a long time.
Because people love to go in there and pick out.
Three locations for you now.
Sunrise, North Miami Beach.
Our newest location in Pembroke Plains.
Please don't tell Richard what the George keeps saying about the Chinese people.
Richard's a good guy from Toronto.
Big Maple Leaf fan.
How about those lips, Richard?
They got six different kinds of great oriental soups.
They've got just dozens and dozens of succulent entrees.
Not just oriental, but all kinds of other good stuff too.
Like a surf and turf on a weekends.
New York strip steak made the order of their gourmet center.
That's a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak.
Shrimp, chicken, seafood, even hand-carb per mim.
Cook to your order.
Be sure to make a pit stop at the gourmet at the Asian grill.
And of course, Emerald Coast doesn't use any crap like most Chinese restaurants.
Most of those Chinese joints use a lot of MSG, cornstarch, all kinds of artery or clogging stuff.
Not the Emerald Coast.
They cook all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils.
No MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
There were faith features of full salad bar, a new sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail.
And their famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
And if you have any room enough at all, try to pace yourself.
Go in there and spend a couple of hours because you've got to leave room for dessert.
They've got a zirred bar that'll lock your shoes off.
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, and all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit.
Three locations, like I said in sunrise, the original one, pine island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach.
After you're eight there, you can stop by and go to the...
Donkett and the... oh, sorry.
Crispy cream, right?
You can dunk it at Crispy Cream.
And at the other section of Flamingo and Peppercroads and Pepperc Pines.
They accept reservations, take on delivery available as well.
And be sure to check out the new Oriental Chicken Salad too at the Emerald Coast, called 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for the best Chinese buffet in the universe at the Emerald Coast.
My...
And look all this is 420-569-2-18.
Get the Miramar diner.
Hi, all my favorite Republican.
This is Mad Rodge.
And it's time for the... excuse me, I'm floating.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
So for the finest and online casino gillin'
called 1-800-Dedit.
Caldets.
Remember him.
Donna Reed.
Judded for the fence.
Dad, you're so old.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, ow.
See that dad?
I'm still spry.
Now listen up, Du Bois.
Remember that bomb I dropped from them two mouth-easy-stoyed burgles over there.
Yeah, you sure showed them.
Yeah, but I ain't through with them yet, see?
It just so happens I got another bomb to drop.
Like this?
No, not that kind of bomb you moron.
This was even bigger than before.
Okay, what is it?
Well, as you know,
Ginger Rogers does his show up in Canardir.
A.
Yeah, but what you'd vote always,
Ginger flies his love at that bigger than corn,
but they're every weekend.
Yeah.
For hot gays and...
Oh!
Tell another thing,
don't believe what you're hearing the air,
then two of them grabbing each other's teeth eggs for years now.
Boy, that's some bomb!
Now you ain't through yet, stupidity!
Now, I pay the great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves it and my is me.
The leave Ginger's part open last weekend, you see?
What you're about to hear is that pipe smoke in Ginger Rogers
and that train monkey bag of the dawn dance together in a romantic embrace.
One, two, three, one.
That sounds like a pretty good title from this.
Okay.
One, two, three, one.
Turn one.
One, two, three.
That's good.
That was very smart of you.
One, two, three, two, three.
Yeah.
Now you've got it.
There's so many things.
I get the orders.
Good thing.
Yeah!
Good thing.
Good thing.
I think this is the dead end.
They sure us, we've got each other, aren't they?
That's right, Scott!
I saw it there when...
Oh, Doc!
The big one!
Oh, Doc!
It's all about my way.
Yes!
Yes!
We're going to stop.
We won't stop.
I've got to go down.
I'm going to stop.
That's real.
It's just where?
I'm going to go down.
It's more moving than that.
I, Snorke.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus!
I'm scouting CEOs!
You are killing me!
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
We're not in the street.
Hang on!
Greenland!
Greenland!
We're not the vacuum cleaner, Greenland!
Get this!
We're not the blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss.
Yes!
Vicer, but sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
Forty second street is incredible.
I don't want public language support at that.
But you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscum like pets.
We're just scouting areas.
Calm down.
What's underneath, buddy?
Hang on!
Greenland!
Greenland!
Come on up the vacuum cleaner, Greenland!
Get the blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss.
Vicer, but sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
Forty second street is incredible.
I don't want public language support at that.
But you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscum like pets.
We're just scouting areas.
Calm down.
What's underneath, buddy?
Hang on!
Greenland!
Greenland!
Greenland!
Come on up the vacuum cleaner!
We're not the vacuum cleaner, Greenland!
We're not the vacuum cleaner, Greenland!
We're not the vacuum cleaner, Greenland!
We're not well-mannered, we'll be hig.
We just look to drop troll.
Well, don't come from front.
We'll meet your wham.
We are fed.
Then we'll lay down scratcher.
But said what you was, heard red.
Oh, I'm a morpher.
I'm a morpher.
I'm a lazy morpher.
I'm a lazy morpher.
We're all morpher.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that can't have horse or cow.
We're smelly and we like it.
And we've heard the things you said.
So don't come with them.
In feed of us or we'll live on your head.
Oh, I'm a lazy morpher.
I'm a lazy morpher.
I'm a lazy morpher.
I'm a lazy morpher.
I'm a lazy morpher.
We're just a tree tree.
We're streamers from ketchup.
Now it's my Sunday last week as well.
We're all about.
Oh, I'm singing this song.
And I'm feeling kinda sad.
I got my smile from home, but my chin came from my bed.
I got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance,
but you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest
and finding tissues.
Guys say I'm cute, this am pretty.
I'm not one who needs your pity.
I've got a nice ass and girl like a kiss me,
but I can't get a man, because I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
The wonder of broth is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get used.
Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boobs.
Guys say I'm cute, this am pretty.
I'm not one who needs your pity.
I've got a nice ass and girl like a kiss me,
but I can't get a man, because I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I actually like that as much as I do, but I love that.
I'm just obsessed with it, and I still can't figure out what that lets.
I mean, it's a song parody on something.
Right? I would have said...
Oh, I know it is.
And I would bet you at least half of your salary, $40.
But it's a Frank's episode, but nobody seems to know what it is.
Nobody has any other alternative suggestions, you know.
But that's okay.
It's our big Wednesday noon to one hour, where we just dummy up, play a lot of good, funny stuff,
and you sit back and stick a finger in your nose and have a good time doing it.
Hey, listen, if you're sticking a finger on your head and you're finding there's a big nasty ball spot,
I know this stuff on a way out.
Did you notice that?
Friar Tuck.
He's developing a big one.
I'm talking about a ball spot.
Man, Friar Tuck, did you say?
Yeah, you did say that.
Anyway, almost guys, sooner or later, we get the big balls, but because it's God's nasty gift that he plays on men.
And if you want to get your hair back and look like a real manch, and especially you guys who are like still under the age of 100.
I mean, once you get to be my age, who cares, you know.
But if you're like under, you know, 90, 85, like about mosey, if you're younger than that,
you want to have a nice looking piece on there, not some mousy looking deadly thing.
It looks like a dead muskrat or maybe like a dead rat.
And Charles Alfieur is the guy to do that for you, because for over 25 years working with a famous and not so famous,
Charlie has been able to get guys looking great because he's got the natural hair line system and natural is the operative word.
It doesn't look like some artificial piece of crap, like a bunch of straw was sewn under your head or like somebody drilled a whole bunch of swiss cheese holes in your head.
It looks like it's real hair, like it's growing out of your scalp. That's the key.
So if you want to look better and younger than you ever thought you could again, you have a McCall.
There's no obligation.
What they do is they make an appointment. They give you a free consultation.
And Charlie will show you just how much better and younger you can look with this natural hair line system.
And when you do call, be sure to mention the Arrangers take advantage of the $200 Near Rogers discount at Charles Alfieur's studios.
Here's the toll free number to call. It's 1-800-3214-13.
Look what we did for Bob Eisenberg. He looks almost human now.
It's your way that at Muskrat, we sent over to Charles Alfieur. He looks almost human underlined the almost part.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413 and get your hair back from Chuck Alfieur, your log onto their website if you like, at Charles Alfieur.com.
Pfizer to local, this is 5-city. The radio's all yours now.
Q&A!
Fudge.
There, paint.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
I don't like you anymore.
You used to think you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's so we needed to get back.
Now it seems things have changed and I think that you're the one to blame.
There are paint.
I don't like you anymore.
He says,
they're running.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
Because when you get to drinking,
you put me places I've never been before.
They're running.
I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to turn for truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
we'd just stay home forever, there, paint.
I don't like you laughing, laughter, oh.
Oh, and run me while you're shaving the shave my brother.
Let's go to the party.
When you can smoke it, you can chew it.
You can really try to smoke it by.
When you can sing it in a song, you smoke it in a bomb.
When there's a laced imagination, that's even the latest.
When you can't smoke it by.
Let's go.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Okay.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
When there were evil, Kael and the new Rohin,
smoke it by.
When there's a black crow, then gymedic crimes,
smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Tin, industrial growth,
let's go.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Let's go, smoke it by.
Praisan blast, kemit sequins,
Everybody's so low!
Everybody's so low!
Everybody's so low!
Everybody's so low!
Everybody's so low!
Well, there's spoke to you some words here, but I forgot them because I spoke too much by.
I would have allowed a blues and everybody out there was smoke and pie.
Let's stop, fly, bailing in the grid, I'll take everything through it to heaven and march with it.
Let's go, smoke and pie!
Let's go, smoke and pie!
Let's go, smoke and pie!
Let's go, smoke and pie!
Let's go, smoke and pie!
Let's go, smoke and pie!
Oh, we've been sprayin' my crack nose a party!
All the time it's ripin' the seed and pain!
Oh, we've been in a problem burning rice!
My fat body is rotting, breaking this weight my powers are losing control!
Oh, we've been in a problem burning rice!
I'm gonna leave my leg up higher, my ass will be like a fire in a beer just like a diet for burn and roll!
I gotta truck a truck a burn and roll!
I gotta rip!
I gotta rip!
I gotta rip!
I gotta truck a truck a burn!
Don't lie, all the hard burn!
Don't dump, dump every time I see!
Don't dump, dump every time I see!
He's President of the fucker!
Republican muscle is in our table and it is!
I don't know why they want his uncle, but now he's here!
He's first broke the neck for years!
With President of the fucker!
Oh, what I did to the government was wrong!
And yet we all voted for one!
Here you want this!
Don't dump, dump, dump, this drum and stupid heat!
Don't dump, dump, home!
I'm this drunk in rich here!
Don't dump, dump, he's even tougher than me!
He's President of the fucker!
Yeah, don't care what it's all about!
He's President of the fucker!
President of the fucker!
President of the fucker!
I've been to Peter's fits so rock-woors and sour-crout!
I love my Polish vitro, I'll roll a barrel out!
I put all the leader holds it and I wear a funny hat!
The sound of a crack-tube, I'm pinned at out no flare-up dance!
It's a sound you won't vote in!
It's my favorite dance on stage as I live, Polka!
Fill your fears, light up, sing and I live, Polka!
The captain's rolled hard, good with a sausage from us, Polka!
Sing, your fear, got out, sing and I leave, Polka!
I'm singing a song, here, Polka!
The band goes on, plop, plop, we're playing on the table, Polka!
Dance with your grandma, during a lovely polka!
In the heaven, there's no fear, no tricks upon your polka!
It's so gil-basa, listen to a polka!
Listen to a polka!
Everyone loves a polka, too, they go!
That's a very nice song!
It puts the lotion in the basket, it mixes it all up!
It puts the lotion in the basket!
It puts the lotion in the basket!
If my legs are sick, I'll die!
I like to dance around his waist.
For me!
All the labs quiet today, I said,
For me!
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
It works the lotion in the basket.
It makes it for my skin.
It works the lotion in the basket.
I hold my pp.
It works the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It works the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin soon, nipple likely.
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I've passed a message to Freaky Carlos
out front of the reception desk,
but he don't listen to the show his business.
For that crap they played on the hall.
I was sent a message that we took a poll
all over the building,
and they just,
I hate Susan Lucci almost as much as they hate you,
Freaky Carlos.
Hello!
Quite.
Kuchi, kuchi, it's Susan Lucci.
Who ain't given no Huchi?
25 past noon at 5'60.
We got the mad dog and one hank is in the building.
Pantigame, did I?
Anybody gonna be there?
No.
I'll be there, mainly not just to see the game.
I want to see if they cleaned up the rack
in the arena tonight.
They got their ass together.
697 votes on the poll.
Pretty damn impressive if you asked me.
President Bush is popularity rating is lower
than eight times since 9'11.
What's your take on his overall job so far?
Total disaster, 330, 47% plus.
Week, 135, 19.3%.
Outstanding 113, 16.2%, good, 67, 9.6%,
and fair, 52 or 7.4%.
So outstanding, 16.2%,
other than that, 83.8% is not so hot to a disaster.
Well, another year has come and gone.
It's a new year.
You want a new year.
You've all made these resolutions for a new this
and you look like we've made new paint job for the house.
New carpeting.
But when it comes to that new carpeting,
who now wants to spend all of that money?
Because all that new stuff has got to cost you thousands of dollars.
The trick is to make something look brand new when it's really not.
That's why I've been using dry concepts in my house for over 20 years
when your carpets are really clean.
They look brand new.
Dry concepts is the only service that drag cleans your carpets.
Your drips, your expensive area, your rugs.
And I guarantee you that all your friends and neighbors will think
that you replace your carpeting with brand new
when they see them after the job that dry concepts be doing.
Dry concept technicians are schooled and certified
by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration
and they'll leave your carpets so-o-free,
vibrant and color and softer to the touch and smelling them any fresh.
They're dry just a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll.
So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets,
your post-reliather furniture.
It's time for the best in the universe, dry concepts.
And also, if you have a problem with pet orders or milled-waters
caused by water damage,
no problem that dry concepts can't straighten.
Now, as a matter of fact, if we start getting milled-waters
from our little refrigerator that we thought out, George,
what are you laughing about?
We'll have dry concepts come in here and they'll make it all go away.
Maybe make you go away too.
You ought to yourself and your carpets to call the professionals
that drag concepts at this toll-free number,
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071
or just log on to their website, dryconcepts.com.
Clean today, entertain tonight.
Not just their slogan, it's their business,
add dry concepts.
All likely to be lost.
We're supporting you 560-2AM.
Now, it's big enough both of us.
Now, in a supermarket near you,
canned mille-vonilli.
Yes, mille-vonilli's in concert,
lip syncing to pre-recorded music tracks,
it's all canned.
At about 20 bucks a concert ticket,
you'll pay premium prices for canned mille-vonilli.
Read the label.
Canned mille-vonilli is all artificial.
It's all hair and no talent.
Hopefully, it'll have a short shelf life.
Canned mille-vonilli at your local supermarket,
in the fruit section.
Just look for the wrapper with the dreadlocks.
Coming up tonight,
on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story,
we take a good, hard, stiff look into startup.
Every once in a while,
a song gets so much airplay
that you can't get it out of your head.
Even if you ask a friend to pound your brains
in a much with a baseball bat,
one of those songs was by Eddie Grant.
We're gonna rock it out too,
he left trick I brand new.
And I'm not gonna take it higher.
Tonight, Eddie Grant talked about
the song's political statement.
On Friday it was a hit, you know,
so the message could get out to the people.
Electric Avenue Rock is a street in Brixton in England
and he's about how people there are poor
and starving right in the government.
They don't even care.
When inside the behind took to the street,
we were struck with how people remembered
the deep social significance of the song.
We're gonna rock it out too,
electric Avenue.
And then we'll take you higher.
Yeah, God, what a stupid song.
But Eddie Grant was more than a one-trick pony.
He was a two-trick pony.
One year later came the theme to romance in the stone.
This song too brought instant recognition
to the 30-somethings.
What? How did that go again?
I didn't know romance in the stone had a thing song.
No, it was Kathleen Turner naked met one.
Eddie Grant, his place in music history is assured.
So when we find out what it is,
we'll let you know.
It's a big, juicy, stopping wet-looking show business.
Tonight, on inside the behind.
This old man, Dick Cheney,
he had an G.O. Pasty, had a heart attack,
had a whack on him a full stone.
Next time he's not coming home.
Hey, is this a light dragon?
What a waste of doing that one.
This time we've the president's name.
This knit went, his name's Bush.
He's a hemloid in the Tush.
He picked a guy who would die.
So he'd be alone.
There's nothing in his empty tone.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's a total witch.
She wrote the law and she thinks because she's rich.
She can lie and if she has to maybe cry.
She make us think she got framed.
But she should be ashamed.
Yeah, she ate that smart.
I hope they throw all her crap out of K-Mart.
Martha's stood you better quit ducking the question
because it's so easy to see.
You're about to get burnt up just like your pulpore.
She's a bitch.
She's a mother locker up like any other.
She's a seven-headed orange jumpsuit.
She's a woman with no vision locker up in federal prison.
Let her out when she's a wrinkled cout.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Puff daddy sitting in the chair.
I'll call you puffy.
Yo, yo, man.
Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it a doc, B, P, C, Marina or D inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is 100 out of question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million out of question.
This is the first one.
Hey.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a light one?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience to 50-50 and the phone a friend.
Ask your audience.
Now, how many white people in here?
They're 50-50 and gonna help me.
Oh, you know what?
I'm gonna phone a friend.
I'm gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right.
Who we gonna call, puffy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty.
We come.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Registra Filman from who wants to be a millionaire?
How are you?
I got your friend here, puffy daddy.
Your dirty was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
All right, all right.
Old was on me.
Old dirty.
Uh, puffy daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
He's the first time, man.
First question and the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Amen.
Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now.
What is that?
Yo, dirty.
Finish this off for me.
All right.
All right, man.
Pickering, dickering blank.
Is it a doc, B, P, C, marino, or D, illit?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
Man, I know this.
Man, I know it.
I see this, P.
You sure?
About 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
All right, man.
Times up, old dirty said P.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the hundred dollar question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna pull the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
I actually know there's only three lifelines
who've used one you have two lifelines.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
It's a puppy, it's Doc, it's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got a hundred dollars.
Run, you run, you run, you run.
Run, run, run.
Don't die, run, run.
Don't die.
Roll in a bobbit.
Stokely slips from the covers and creeps from her bed.
What's in her head?
Waits in the doorway.
Holding a knife that she got from a clean kitchen drawer.
Who is it for?
Little Johnny Bobbit.
What is it you have done?
Little Johnny Bobbit.
You never should have come.
Johnny Bobbit.
Drinking the dreams of a man who has nothing to fear.
What does he hear?
This is Lorina.
Creeping along in the night with a blade in her hand.
What is he playing with little Johnny Bobbit?
He's got a big surprise.
Little Johnny Bobbit.
Gonna cut you down to the side.
Run, now she's cutting off your penis.
Run, now she's cutting off his penis.
I saw it.
Going up bobbit.
Went to the nut house and got out in 45 days.
It's just a save.
Now she's in Miami.
Looking for Edelman, for Neelman, for whole Blinken haze.
But where city pays?
Little Johnny Bobbit.
What is it you have done?
Little Johnny Bobbit.
Where is my meat?
Wow.
I told Ed to go out and stuff on Wednesdays.
That was the goddess's bit.
She's going to be really poor.
She don't have time for stuff like that anymore.
Now that she's saving the world.
You bet.
22 to 1 at 5.60 WDQM.
Hey, what night is it?
It's Wednesday.
You know what that means?
We got great live harness raising in Pompano Park.
Every Wednesdays down on the night at Pompano.
You can get you a draft beer hot dog soda large pretzeler popcorn for just a bucket piece.
We got live racing four nights a week now at Pompano Park.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
And don't forget to new early post-ime 7.15 in the PM.
Featuring free general parking, free clubhouse at Grand Standard Mission every afternoon night.
And speaking of afternoon, you got your cymbal casting every single day.
Seven days a week starting in noon, running till the wee hours of the morning.
And of course every Monday now, we got Monday night madness.
Two for $25 full course dinners in the top of the park.
Six for dining room at Pompano Park.
Then we include salad choice of entree, specials of potato veggie dessert and iced tea.
And, like you're at Pompano Park, be sure and plunge a few bucks on Brian's series because he is just unbelievable.
Nice going, Brian.
So come out for a great evening, a great horse racing action.
And also this Friday at Pompano Park, people show you the money.
There will be a money machine in the winter circle this Friday, January 17,
with more than $1,000 in cash and betting vouchers, free entry blanks for patrons to win a chance,
every race to get in the money machine and grab as much as the loot as you can.
Don't forget this Saturday to bring in your mystery cash voucher.
Your ticket isn't worth at least $200, at least $2, or maybe as high as a thousand.
Let me say that again because we don't want to cause no problems.
Your ticket is worth at least $2, or as high as $1,000.
That's this coming Saturday.
Lots of great stuff going on.
Maybe you want to give a seminar to Dick Fiber and tell them about the really good drivers.
Pompano Park on a quarter of power line Atlantic Boulevard for a great harness racing action night starting at 7.15pm.
You're not going to lose.
This is sports when you're vixing.
You way, yeah.
You're on Calera and Lil Tommy.
Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest.
I remember you reporting about the little poodle that weaved its way through the traffic in Lake Forest
only to be splattered by a northwestern train.
Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel.
My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on western avenue.
We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street.
The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park.
Luckily though the squirrel scampered across traffic and my friend and I were relieved that he was safe.
Suddenly two girls who were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street.
They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path.
The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up in the spulge.
Oh, damn.
Before squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flung on the grass.
To our surprise that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away, apparently okay.
Oh, good.
The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel.
Luckily he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his nerve.
No.
That's right.
No, I'm not going to.
Courtney, your next go ahead please.
And I'm telling you I'm not going because you're the best thing I ever had.
And I will always love you as I believe the children are our future.
Randy.
How reading.
Paula.
I feel like I didn't know you for this whole competition and now I do when.
Great job.
Great job.
I agree with Paula.
I didn't feel like I knew you either and now I do and I hate you.
I thought you were terrible.
You're the worst thing I've ever heard in my entire life.
You sung three completely different songs.
You're a mess.
You're an absolute mess.
I hate you.
I'd like to set you on fire right now.
I'd like to take my own head and put it under a piano and drop it.
Thank you Courtney.
Maybe the viewers will disagree.
Breathe.
Maybe.
But I doubt it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
No speaking.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
I'm not a fan of you.
Hey, Bob.
Who?
Here it is.
Yes, he's got the words.
For you.
You schmucks.
He's here, put sings in it.
No, not a note.
12 minutes before 1 at 5, 60 W.
If you have the Mad Dog or one hand, he'll be along in three.
Hockey tonight.
Anybody going?
No.
I'll be there.
Check it out who's nodding in nice.
Anyway, let me tell you about a great place.
In fact, this time we're talking about tomorrow.
Places that have been around forever and ever.
Flores at 79th and Biscayne.
This place has been there for about 400 years.
You can get the same grade.
Flavor the same fantastic fresh pastas.
Sauses you get in Italy right there at Flores in North-Aid.
We used to talk about miles at North-Aid.
So wherever the hell it is.
We used to talk about all the time at IOD because they were right up there.
They were right up there.
They were being fooded by all the time.
Now you can really enjoy it again because the same grade food is back.
It's the after a restaurant with an atmosphere that's as casual as it gets.
Whether you're eating in, taking out or calling for delivery.
Everything out of Flores kitchen is made fresh to order from the homemade dough for the pizza.
And garlic rolls to the fabulous sauces made fresh and never from a can.
Flores Pizzaree of Miami creates the great taste of Italy to any dish.
Great pasta specials every night.
And the pizza specials are unbelievably low priced.
1199 for large cheese pizza with a 1,000 garlic rolls and lead risotto.
1399 gives you a large cheese pie, lead risotto and six chicken wings.
Be sure to try the homemade meat lasagna just oozing with melted cheese.
I don't care what that one guy says.
Oosing with melted cheese sounds good to me.
It's fun too because they got stuff to do in games for the kids so they have to drive you and that's why you're eating.
You'll love the casual come as you are atmosphere at Flores.
They're open every day, seven days a week, lunch, dinner, parties and catering.
Call them at 305-758-5051.
That's 305-758-5051 or enjoy it right there at 79-3.
Just two blocks east of Biscayne Boulevard.
See what a hero call Flores one of the great Italian restaurants in town.
And that's why they've been around here for about 500 years.
Call Flores P3 of Miami be sure and tell them that old Neil sent you by.
Line and local, we're sports radio 560-CUA-M.
I love it here.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Ticket Central.
Hello, can I have the tickets please?
To for what?
Neil just now sent the tickets that he's giving.
What are they for?
Okay.
Yeah, I don't know.
I guess I can't get them because I don't know what they're for.
Well, I mean, if you wanted them for.
I can hardly hear you so because the radio is also loud.
But I mean, if you wanted them free tickets and you don't know what they're for,
why do you want just because they're free?
You want them just because they're free and you don't even know what they're for.
You want them for their horse races.
For the horse races?
Yeah.
Or in the...
The population is in Papago.
They're for races in Papano at the Irish fest.
They're having horse races at the Invisible Stadium.
Well, you tell me, Rick, I want them because I have some friends out of town.
I want to give it to them.
For what?
For the horse races?
I don't know.
Where's the horse?
Well, then why did you call?
You heard that magic word, didn't you?
Wee, right?
Isn't that what you did?
You heard Neil say, Fuy.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
You want them?
Yes, I would like them to have a guess.
Hold on.
I pledge allegiance to an auspicious symbol of my choice of the United States of America
into the Republic or religious stands.
One nation under a non-specific religious or non-religious representative.
Divisible or indivisible?
With order of liberty and justice for all?
Or some?
All right.
I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
Very.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel all right.
I hope to join this time of year.
It's time to do inside and before.
I hope to join before I come to join.
I said I'd join you more.
Oh my daddy, he wants to meet you.
He's a new sweet, hard-working man.
But my mind, he wants to meet you.
He's good to leave as you can.
He's been one day, I met him.
I came from me and said, you heard.
Hard work good and hard work fine.
But first take care of him.
So now I hope to join when I get up.
In the car I hope to join.
I hope to join when I play video games.
And at every 10,000 points I hope to join.
I hope to join this time of year.
I hope to join before I come to join.
And then I hope to join.
Oh my daddy, he wants to meet you.
I'm ready to join.
I'm ready to join.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
He wants to meet you.
He's a new sweet, hard-working man.
But my mind, he wants to meet you.
He wants to leave as you can.
But then one day I met him.
He's been one day, I met him.
I came from me and said, you heard.
Hard work good and hard work fine.
But first take care of him.
That's why I hope to join.
I hope to join the dice.
I hope to join the dice.
This makes me feel alright.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon!
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
I hope to join the time of the afternoon.
What a sensation.
Laugh.
Yes.
Maybe I'll tell the wine.
So anyway, we asked it and our pull.
It's still on there.
President Bush is popular.
He's waiting is lower than eight times since 9.11.
What's your take, baby?
On W.
On the Jut overall job he's doing so far.
Total disaster out of 751 votes.
354.
47.1%.
Week, week, 146, 19.4%.
Outstanding 121, 16.1%.
Good, 71, 9.4%.
Fair 59, 7.8%.
That's a great, not too hot.
Anyway, the mad dogs coming along next.
He's always hot.
He's on fire.
He's smoking it.
He'll be along for more than three.
We got Hank in the building and then tonight.
Don't forget Panthers and Abroans.
Anybody can show up on the team is winning.
When the team is getting a crap pounded out of them.
That's the time to see who the real fans are.
The real hockey fans.
And I'm not talking about the ones that are going to be
winning the Bruins outfits tonight.
I'm talking about the Panthers fans.
I'll be there.
Anybody going to be there?
No.
Come on, let's show up tonight and root for us something.
OK?
You going to be there, George?
Where?
Puts.
Anyway, the mad dogs coming up next.
Bye, bye, bye.
Send me the watchers show on 560s on MQA-M.
Miami 4, Lardale.
We'll Chamberlain Rate Me.
