By the you prestige
Welcome to go back to Canada you few bastards
So Canada's our home and need a prayer
Oh how I fall to see
Will love you on your head
Yerry the shall rise
Now keep flyer sighs
Enquire good you see
Its a mirnya
The dragon cutting rescue
But as you know oh then I will see
Oh black
Yanadas, green
Because you're pine
Oh, can it best be sped that's gone to me?
Oh, can it best be sped that's gone to me?
Hot charge rejected in potential landmark case.
How do you like that? But we'll get to that in a minute, because I'm going to stay this shock.
That caught me off guard. Didn't you catch you off balance? Did you see my heads that are on my god?
Yeah, that sums it up exactly right there. I don't know whether the screamer read a banana.
I was it because it's the new year? You think he turned over newfiggly?
I don't know. They know the whole man. It was not a mistake. I heard it very loud and bombastically and articulately.
And whatever. That was shocking.
I'm serious. I'm very rarely a lot for words, but I don't know whether the screamer read a banana or go out there and grab him before he gets into the parking lot and give him a big hug and a kiss for new years.
Oh, and I didn't bring my camera. Kiss him on the bald spot.
Wait till Monday. I'll bring a lot of literature. We'd have to get the mouse off of there first, but nevertheless.
No, it comes in handy because it not only covers the bald spot, but then it also operates your computer screen while nobody's looking.
You know, we saved the mouse grad. It's on Luis.
Oh, I like that. Maybe Monday morning. I'll go in there with my Monday finest on and a musk red on my head.
I'm not I'm not interacting. Although I at that point, maybe because it's the new year.
Maybe this old man with the Veraco's veins and the Drippy bag. Maybe this guy has like re-examined his entire how about those panthers?
By the way, since we just had three hours of football talk this town. I mean, are you people ever going to I know life and bother finishing the question?
God damn it. Football football. Hey, I hate to write the news to you. You've got your fiesta bowl tonight.
Miami will kick the crap out of a girls team tonight again, which everybody knows. By the way, nice game Iowa last night.
I'll write to you how good they were at any rate. And then of course you got your playoffs in a super bowl.
And after that, what are they going to talk about? Panthers are two points out of first place in their division.
Kick Colorado's ass right there in Denver four to one last night. Three quick goals there in the first period.
Two points out of first place back to back wins in Jersey. And then a quick trip to Colorado.
And they still like kick their ass. And nobody is talking about it on this radio station.
And the game is on Waxi last night. Didn't I bitch about that yesterday? What did I tell you?
What did I tell you? You bet your sweet ass, I told you.
Are disgrace. Are disgrace to the human or effing race man.
This radio station puts on the orange ball USC and Iowa. Do you know how many people this town give a rat's ass about Iowa and USC?
Who? None. It's exactly Iowa.
What the already Iowa, the Hawkeyes is that what they are? And the Trojans.
You don't need no Trojans in this town. I guarantee you that. That's only for people looking to get laid.
No, that's right. We don't want no Trojans. We want like, what does it sell them to see based the right abstinence?
Absidence based sex education right. $150 million your president spending for that.
You know what I say to that screw him.
$774. We'll get to that Potsteray from Canada A where they're like light years ahead of us and they're laughing up their sleeve at us.
A what a joke. As America's pot police continue with this cottage industry of theirs.
Putting poor. Now what did you say 18 breaks? No matter what you say, I'm going to do whatever I want anyway.
I don't understand. See, I've got the lay in the land. Now that I'm back here yesterday and today is like, it's like, it's like free time.
It's not like real work. Not like we're really on the air. Having you noticed? Yeah.
Yeah, we don't really give a crap yesterday because nobody else does. They're all out there in 10 p.
Yeah, they're all out there to fiesta bowl. Have it a ciesta at the fiesta bowl.
Including clearance. What's even out there about two weeks? He's still ain't going to get laid.
Maybe he can go to that jury after cat house.
Well, I mean, Arizona. Arizona, all the great grandparents of the people in Florida, they moved to Arizona.
To Sun City. What a horrible play. Everybody Arizona? Don't.
We walked across the Hoover Dan. Well, that's that don't count.
774 votes on a poor yesterday. What's your New Year's resolution this year?
And the leading foreign away, the leading category in a pool was New Year's resolutions are for assholes.
Oh, God.
4151.28% said that.
Lose weight. 132. Have a lot more sex. 127. Now, don't you think the two of those kind like are connected?
Are you fat farts out there? Are you disgusting big tubs of crap? Who that wants to have sex with you? Huh?
It could be nice and slim like me. Then you might get laid once in a while.
Lose weight. 132. Have a lot more sex. 127. George would have voted for that, but he already gave up.
Don't take any crap 72. Quit boozing. 27. Quit smoking 15.
And like I said, we really blew it because I should have said quit smoking what.
No, we should have made a punk. Quit smoking faggots or quit smoking. We could weed.
Or crack. Hash. Please.
With corn beef. Pot charge rejected in potential landmark case.
Simple possession of small amounts of marijuana may soon be legal in Canada.
All right. Following a decision by a judge in Windsor, Ontario, to throw out possession charges against a 16-year-old boy.
You know what they do with a 16-year-old boy they find with pot in America?
Fry his ass. No trial. No questions asked. They fry his ass.
Or they turn him over to father or tool just in time, I guess 16 is a little bit too old.
Just as Douglas Phillips threw out a charge after defense lawyer Brian McAllister argued Ottawa had yet to address the question of simple possession,
standing from a landmark case two years ago.
My interpretation of law and it's been accepted by the judges there is no law in Ontario prohibiting possession of marijuana,
McAllister in an interview A.
A spokesman for the Federal Justice Department said the ruling will be studied and decision on whether to appeal or take some other action
will likely be made within 10 days.
The ruling could spell the end of prohibition on possession of less than 30 grams of marijuana, but McAllister said anyone
possessing the drug could still be charged. Now how much is 30 grams?
It's in to the expert.
Let me get my metric. No, no, I mean how much is that?
We don't do grams. Almost an ounce. Somebody else.
Almost an ounce. More than an ounce.
How do you like that? More than an ounce.
Holy crap. You got a 16-year-old kid with an ounce of pot in this country and they're going to slice his head off right in the spot.
No questions asked. They'll turn him over to freaking O.J.
Speaking of the axe-meister, we got the great O.J. story come up.
Hey O.J., you're a scumbag. We know he listens to this show by the way we hate you like poison, you're a scumbag.
You're going to be on our pool again today. We take great pleasure in putting your ass on our pool.
But we give you some pretty heavy competition today.
I doubt police will stop charging people for the moment.
McAllister said, but from what I understand there's a number of other judges who have been awaiting the decision
and have been holding off hearing other cases that involve the same issue so it's potentially persuasive on those courts.
Federal Justice Minister Martin Koshan, a city would like to decriminalize marijuana.
However, CTV's Mike Duffy said, just as the department officials in Ottawa considered Thursday's decision a bit of a step too soon.
Ever see Mike Duffy, big fat turdburger like an old, he's an old, funny, duffy is what he is.
Oh, sorry, Duffy. Duffy also said when it comes to marijuana related cases, there's no equal provisional application of the law.
In the case of the Windsor area teen who can't be named because he's a minor turned on a two-year-old decision in which the Ontario Court of Appeal cited with an epileptic marijuana user.
Terry Parker argued the law violated the rights of sick people using pot for medical reasons.
The Court gave the federal government a year to amend its marijuana legislation. It did not. Instead, it enacted the marijuana medical access regulations intended to allow marijuana use for medical reasons under certain circumstances.
How do you like that?
So like in every aspect of it, they continue being light years ahead of the USA with a DEA and all this other bull crap, all these idiots just, just, just, racing off with your taxpayer dollars and throwing your ass in jail.
Over the wacky wee, which by the way nobody dies from the wacky wee. They die from cigarettes, are cigarettes illegal? No. They die from booze is booze illegal? No.
How do you like that?
Just a little over notes. No, it's a little over notes. How do you like them apples, huh?
Here's our pool today and we're breaking into New Year. I'm still, I'm like, like, clammy. I feel like clammy, you know? You know what I mean? My skin is crawling from what happened just on our change over there where we'd usually draw the line at nine.
I would have surprises.
I would have sworn I heard old moh say Neorajus is next and Jim managed to want the whole scheduler just like it says on the sheet here in front of me.
It's Kaplan of Gulf Stream 3. That's how you're getting PD Lenny by the way don't try to hoard their show anymore, you idiot. And don't ask me what flavors I want either you jackass.
I'll tell you what flavor I'd like and you ain't got it. Hurricane game day we got like lots of pre-game festivities in four plays starting at five. The fiestable from where we're playing tempi.
The Huracun's in Ohio State, the Buckeyes. And you know what they say out there, Buckeyes. Also they're going to have like a lot of Buckeye fans is what I'm hearing. The Huracun's are going to be outnumbered but it won't make any difference.
I see final scores like about forty one seventeen for Miami. And that asshole that called me yesterday or you're going to be watching the game I said probably.
Oh I didn't know you're when you become a hurricane fan. I also watched the Notre Dame game the other day a New Year's day. Am I a Notre Dame fan? No I watched it because I got sexual excitement every time North Carolina state made another big game.
Forget when they scored it was like a scored score out of control right in my pants. I mean because I'm watching again see I will say this.
If I'm going to watch any kind of a sporting event even if I'm not a fan of the team either have to be rooting hard for one team to win or as in the Notre Dame case because who gives a crap on North Carolina state.
I'm telling that quarterback for North Carolina state is good. What else is his name? I have no idea. I'm asking Carlos because George you don't want to tell us.
I'm not serious that he's good. A big stud kind of a Yahoo that's because he's from North Carolina. But so you have to be either rooting for somebody to win or somebody to lose.
So just because they said I would watch the game tonight doesn't mean I'm a hurricane fan. Of course not you silly person but let me ask you this now that the panthers only two points out of first place.
Aren't we blessed here in South Florida? Huh triple blessed triple blessed to be here in South Florida. You got the heat. You got the panthers and you got the heracune. Forget about the dolphins. They're about your choke artists. Nobody cares about them.
Would that silly as Dartmouth you quarterback they got nobody cares about them. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not going to if I ever develop a product. I'm not going to have you be the spokesman. I'll tell you that right now because not a good sign.
Maybe the high sign but not a good sign. Yeah. Hey don't be picking on Jay. Okay. He did his best. It wasn't his fault. He didn't call those plays there. That was north turner.
That they're all you know what's on the station. They're all I covered up for him. Did you see manage yesterday? He looked like a beaten man. I have never seen him look so bad.
Last time when I was here in November he was all chipper and all up beat course at that time that often was kicking ass. You know.
But man he looked yesterday like he had aged about 50 years and he looked before he walked out of here. He actually said to me I'm not making this up.
He said why do you think they did it in other words why do they choke? He's asking me.
And I'm telling him it's north turner and like you know don't kill any of the clock. Don't run Ricky God forbid they're in at last drive because that might win the game.
They have a death wish. It's like Charles Bronson all over again. They got a goddamn death wish to dolphins.
And of course the people who follow them. Here's our pool question today. I'm a little bit I may have to change this after that nine o'clock. Huh?
Wouldn't that be wouldn't that be the Gentile Gentile thing to do? Yeah, but am I going to change it? No. No. Well I wouldn't we're not going to stop having fun on this show just because Mo was making nice. Now I mean it I almost feel like I probably should have gone and stood in the window there and waved in the game and said happy new year.
You silly old you would have played poiple vain so you could go out and bond here's the a poll question. And you notice like I'm like I said I'll take some breaks whenever I feel like whatever the mood strikes me.
Because we got a couple of sales holes right in a round of building but other than that we got Duffa courses here like putting in an appearance.
But other than that there's nobody here. Just the way we like it. Well we could have such a great time here every goddamn day if it was like this every day.
No pain in the ass upper level management. No Greg read with his bald spot. No. Todd Dreck speaking of useless creatures people wasting oxygen.
Hey Todd how's the Culligan man do when you jackass your little torque. You scumbag. Here's the poll in fact we probably should have put him on her tube.
But who is the most despicable figure of the past 50 years don't you think that's a pleasant way to start off the new year. I like it.
It's typical it's the kind of stuff look I'm back in town I understand I got the vibes again I nearly got wiped out on the road twice yesterday by assholes.
I'm up there at the corner of 441 and county line road and I'm making my left turn yesterday going home to go to the turn pike.
And this asshole I don't want to say what dealership was from but I might if I get pissed off enough in a big truck you know one of those dealer trucks.
He's in the left hand lane and I'm in the other turn lane there's two turn left turn lanes there side by each.
And as we're making the turn and I'm to his right and I have some idea how to steer my corvette around the corner you know I'm in I've done it a couple of times.
And he's like turning that big ass truck of his and if I would have been paying attention to like side swipe me right there in a guy they're lifting into your lane drifting in my freaking lane you jackass.
Welcome home and because it's one of the sponsors on this radio station I won't tell you what dealership was from but I should take it down the guy they played number and turn his old and it was some old cracker.
Nasty old cracker pay no attention don't you hate people like wide turns and what what for example women do that a lot they'll come to a place where they want to make a right hand turn like into a driveway and they'll swing to the left and then they swing around to the right well what is that accomplished what does that accomplish swing into the goddamn left you stupid bitch accomplishes pissing you off.
It accomplishes conveying to me if we didn't already notice it that you don't know how to drive that you have no business being on the road.
Let's talk left hand turns. Oh forget about that. Anyway here's our pool I'll get to it don't start getting pushy okay I'm having a great time these last two days.
By the way thanks again Moses here and quit with those steroids you idiot. Are we not supposed to mention that on the earth? I don't care. That's bad.
Here is it seriously what is wrong with people it's just if I look like him if I was his age again it looked just like he looked before I see your laughing do you have any idea how busy I'd be all the time I wouldn't have time to be here to do this show I'd be busy.
No and so that wasn't good enough for him so now he's a taken steroids and he's all brought up his arms he looks like he's going to be one of those muscle bound freaks.
And what bothered me the most was the neck he looks like no neck Williams remember him who baseball player from the only lighter from lighter conflicted you seen people with no neck the jar head yeah exactly like a jug head you idiot what's wrong with you Moses thanks for the Tylenol or whatever that was the equitrin whatever the hell he brought in here the two and all but good God stop stop destroying yourself you silly person you I'm going to turn him into daddy.
You imagine what his father's going to do to him when he finds out he's been doing steroids and bulk it all up and looking like that going to kick the crap out of that kid probably put a hit on him.
Here's our poll today who's the most despicable figure at all and I tell you another guy that is a good guy though good guy bulked up not not bulked up with steroids with food our good friend Bob over it's all about that I saw Bob so far on channel for news last night do and whether he stood in front of the Florida map and covered it up.
Covered up the Bob we love you but we'd like to have you around for a while you know Bob and Susan so far to dear friends of ours remember Bob called a show here couple of months ago when last time I was in town love Bob sopper and Bob we were always a bit of friend I mean Bob we were a good friend Bob he's got he can't help himself he's you know 100 years old it's just the way it happens to the best of us but Bob sopper.
Come on Bob. Good golly Miss Molly New Year's resolution time hop on a bet let's use Bob sopper for balance for license we can't use fat boy I told Troy Stratford if he's going to insist on using fat boy.
Come on my out no chance he's disgusting he really is Jeff high is disgusting I want to go on record right now saying that I mean I'm fat but I'm not not in the same league with that.
Not even in the same category of human species. Here's the pole again or should we do the break first here's the poll who's the most despicable figure of the past 50 years I'm teaching you how to milk it baby well it will be 11 30 before you know it oh I got a good word.
I got a dragon out because for crying out loud after that shot there what me mentions my name and he didn't even see my nice new shirt either look another one two in the row and
even tough complimented me on my shirt today and I was is this I mean this is not like a real hot shirt but a big on green but it's nice for an old fart like me nice button.
Brown free in York it's got like a nice button down car that fits just perfect no wrinkles no dingle bear now brand new just took the ampens out of it as a matter of fact this morning.
Who's the most despicable figure of the past I got to take his name out of there you know he just he actually he made an effort you know I know I've given him so many chances
but it almost makes you feel like just this one time you know like Michael said at the end of Godfather just this one time K you know you hear that.
Holy all the mayor of little have added a column this morning and didn't demand but of course you know you sports guys you're such a bunch of ass lookers all you match your guys you're such blood suckers requested that he apologize for picking
even though it was in fun picking the patriots to beat it off and then he wouldn't do it he wouldn't give me apology.
You're a bunch of ass lookers man you just don't have any balls you're supposed to be the macho guys who sit around drinking a lot of beer watching football and let me say it again football is the
faggot sport that was ever invented so you only sport while other than those bridge sports and there are a bunch of pansies anyway you know what they what what's the one where they all they're all in the big huddle squash.
What is that rugby rugby yeah where they all get around in the big mud pile and scrap each of his parts you know if they can find any.
But other than that next to that football is the faggot sport it's the only sport I mean there's contact and hockey but guys are banging a crap out of each other okay they're sparing each other there's
spurt and blood all over the place body parts are flying off but football they're just grabbing each other preferably be around a crotch because you know when you grab
some guy around a crotch he has a tendency to kind of like weaken immediately and fall down yeah yeah it's no amateur right.
I tried that with Moses yesterday but since he butched up so much it didn't work since he blocked up I guess we got to do the break before the pool 21 past 9 a.
Q.A.M.
I'm a local.
He's five six he's three years old yours.
Q.A.M.
I just got to do this can be lots of fun.
I got to do this at 20 rest and I think I'll get up double these think I'll come.
She's got me humping pump and with all of my clothes off double these think I'll come.
I'm so erect any minute I'll go she's giving me one hell of a titty show.
Well I'm a titty heaven gonna have some fun and the best part about it is she wants was a nut.
Well I'm a titty heaven giving down on the couch.
Well I'm a titty heaven gonna bow through my mouth.
Two boots can be lots of two boots can be lots of fun.
9 25 5 60 WQM so we got the regular schedule until three okay I'll be here then Jim Manage.
Let's just start reading the names like generic not mad dog Jim Manage.
I'd camp on a Gulf steamer three in and the rest then at all at her koonstuff for hours and hour.
I'm just a poll that that thing about the Panther game being farmed out to Waxi and I forgot what muff was in here briefed this morning since everybody here isn't such a good mood.
I don't want to like it's not his decision I'm sure.
It's an upper level management decision and of course Greg you know he'll make some lame excuse for it.
Like who cares about hockey anyway.
Oh yeah like somebody else we know would say.
So here's the poll who's the most despicable figure of the past 50 years here your choices.
There could have been a lot more like like I said Todd direct belongs on there.
Osama bin Laden Sodom Hussein O.J. Simpson wait till we get to that O.J. story might spur some extra votes for him.
I only hope so O.J. use scumbag Richard Nixon Moe Howard David George W. Bush and Joseph Stalin.
And I think we finally found a poll that Moe can't even compete in because we already got 30 or seven votes.
Did you hear that? Compete in I don't think I can pop my thing again. Can you pop it?
Osama and O.J. are already tied with 11.
I voted for you O.J. okay you make Osama look like a goddamn Sunday school preacher.
I'll look out for them.
Osama and O.J. 11 George W. Bush has four just changed again look at that now that they 40 votes.
So Osama's got 12 O.J. 11 nip and tuck.
Stalin 6 George W. Bush 4 Nixon 3 Moe has only got a pair and Sodom Hussein is tied with Moe with a small pair.
We're going to find probably get some input from the audience on what just happened here at 9 o'clock this morning when Moe actually said.
Neo Rogers coming up next and then I just I may have to stop the show right now and just sit on the floor and kind of play my navel for at least 45 minutes to try to understand.
It's got to be like you said I think you got your thumb on it a secret New Year's resolution.
Maybe like to join the human race I think that might be getting a little bit too far maybe maybe next year.
But like to become a little bit more human to become more part of the operation here to become one of us you know.
As opposed to one of whatever he was before which we don't want to speculate of those but to be one of those and now one of us.
As opposed to so perfect you know I mean he used to be so professional and so righteous and so perfect but now is it because he realizes it took him all these months to figure it out.
He's here with the rest of his slabs.
Because I got news for it and I was thinking about this yesterday when I left this building 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. we got it licked okay.
Yours truly the mad dog and the Humper we got it we got the same attitude just give us the money.
That's all give us the money we're here to have a good time do a little entertainment and then not change the freaking world.
And that's it. That's the attitude believe me when I tell you from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Nothing I don't want to speak for anybody else but trust me when I tell you now maybe he's jumped on that bandwagon.
Maybe he was only and you notice I kind of let him off easy and I took in the papiates thing yesterday because I wasn't here and that would be like piling on.
I don't want to be like Joe Rose I don't want to be a hard ass like Joe Rose and take these things too serious.
It's just a football game Joe just because you took all those showers with a bunch of naked guys we're not going to hold that against you.
And the audience doesn't realize it in the Q.A.M. shower and Greg reads off is that when we had the first team in fact that's probably what was so expensive to run at show is they had a violets soap.
And Joe kept dropping it.
They used to take showers together at 545 before that show every morning didn't help I heard they used funny foam.
I told Gelly clean up your act and he was in it with D.Fol and Joe every morning trying to do it and Joe kept dropping a soap.
So I'll be picking on our good friend Mojo.
Yeah I think somebody stole his Mojo you know just like Austin Powers.
Oh and I saw that movie under plane coming back from Amsterdam to Toronto.
Yeah I saw that movie.
You know if that bald-handed sparzer keeps coming in here we're going to have to start getting upset about that.
What the hell does he want now? Trois Draperd.
Too much football but I already got it they already fastened to me go away I got it.
Go get your free spaghetti dinner Monday okay?
Don't rip Troi he cares.
Don't break I like Trois.
Trois one of my favorite people in the whole building until I saw him with scurran out there in the bench the other day.
Tuesday when I had to come pick up that check and I saw Trois Draperd sitting out there
conserting with scurran and I thought oh please don't tell me he's the next rory.
Oh she benched him.
Yeah she bunched it.
What a piece of it but she's something.
And by the way I hate to break the news to you scurran Hank ain't here today.
He was insisting to our skeleton sales department whatever we got here now that isn't on holiday.
That Hank is going to be here today.
He's not here today he's on vacation dummy okay?
You idiot.
God is she something.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line before we get any calls before we do the OJ story.
Royce Applegate is dead.
Aren't you upset about that?
He died.
I have no idea who that is.
Well here's the old bit we're always big on these celebrity old bits.
And this isn't somebody like a bulk of Brian person that was on like 60 years ago like William Bendix.
Television and film actor Royce Applegate who appeared in such movies as Splash and the Rookie.
A Splash wasn't that with the Tom Hanks?
Yes Darryl Hanna.
Yeah another.
See I actually like Tom Hanks then.
Because that's his level.
Yuckin' it up.
That's where he belongs.
Not being serious, not being like saving the world, not the life is a box of chocolate.
I mean Tom Hanks makes me gag.
I can't.
Oh and I heard the guy that was the one other call I heard too.
Talking about the fact that some movie that you wouldn't see because somebody was in it and then he was taking a little shot at me.
We're not a shot but just the Leo thing, the gangs.
Oh yeah I agree with you.
I wouldn't go see a movie that Leo was in if he paid me by the second.
That's right.
He makes my skin crawl.
And contrary to what you guys were saying, I saw Pulp Fiction.
Yeah I wasn't that I didn't go see it because John Travolta was in it.
I hated it because it was a crappy movie with gratuitous violence and a piece of garbage and a lot of stupid lines over and over again.
And I do know they put a mayonnaise on the fries and Amsterdam and nobody gives a flying crap.
Okay.
Who cares?
Out of here.
And didn't I also tell you that while I was in Toronto, I'm one of my 85,000 movie channels.
I saw some movie with John Travolta that I like where he didn't play.
That's right.
He didn't play the usual welcome bat cotter nerd character that I also saw Saturday night live.
I didn't walk out of it because he was in it.
That was on again last night.
That was a fun movie.
Yeah.
And out to speaking of a part.
Oh my god.
Look at that haircut.
You know for a guy seriously, a guy that's got his money and his wife's money and a beastly's money.
Everybody else's money.
Can't you get yourself a nice haircut seriously?
You got a nice suit on, a beautiful tie, happy new year to you Greg.
But your hair looks like you just walked through a weed tractor next week.
Oh that do something with it please.
Because next time what you like my new shirt?
Thank you very much.
I'm pleased.
And did you hear this morning at 9 o'clock?
Did you hear the big news that happened?
What was that?
What is that?
Do you have any idea what that was?
If you're doing that for a while.
No he has not been doing it.
Just because I haven't been here you're not fooling this old faggot.
Okay don't give me that he's been doing that for a while.
Neal Rogers, not ginger Rogers, not one of the Neal Rogers.
Like it's the new year he's turned over a new fig Lee just because he picked a paper.
It's I think he's taking a lot of crap for that.
And you know like I said far be it for me to pile on although I'd like to.
But that was I think we've turned the corner Greg.
I think this is it.
Welcome back.
Thanks so much and happy new year to you and get out of my door when go get a haircut.
I'm serious.
You're supposed to be like a big shot.
You're the general manager of all these all and you know what?
He just put his head down forward like look at the size of that bald spot.
Oh wow.
I think Mo is responsible for that.
I thought that muff was the only one having problems.
Boy look at that all his hair is falling out.
Did you have you ever noticed that before?
He was always picking up there like he had a hole in the head which we knew before.
But now he's got a bald spot the size of Vermont.
It's erosion.
Holy crap.
So there was our good post personal friend Greg Reed who said.
Greg hate you.
Yeah to George.
Did he ever say nice job on the was while he just came in there at first time?
How come he's not out in Arizona with the hercones?
Don't know.
Everybody can't afford it.
Everybody else is.
Somebody's got to stay here.
That's probably why my talent check didn't show up on time because they had to cover the expensive cut for all these assholes out there in 10p.
It's just like when on young kipper comes every all ago and become Jewish.
It's the same thing now.
They're all big hurricane boosters now.
They boosted our money.
Television and film actor Royce ever let's see splash and rookie.
Now what was the other movie I was talking about?
Whatever John Provolta being in something.
You said Leo.
Yeah.
Leo is nauseating.
Yeah.
Leo is grotesque.
Can't stand to look at that.
In fact I wouldn't be surprised if he and the Raylions have something in common.
I think they they and Clark Kent they all know where the ship is hidden.
I'm telling you.
Let me ask you one other thing too.
I haven't been here for a while.
So excuse me if I don't like do things in that shop.
I got to catch up on stuff.
Now this business of reruns how long does this go on?
Oh it's the new thing though.
What do you mean by that?
So in other words the season runs from October through December.
I like as good of a scam as I got on this place.
I'd like to have a deal like that.
Yeah.
For episode the season now in the next video.
Yeah.
I'll just work October through like Christmas time up till Christmas and then we'll play the best in the other rest of the year and still get paid all year.
That's a good deal.
When the hell is I saw small village and it was the one I've seen the same ones 85 times and I'm not watching them.
Well they run reruns for the holidays but nevertheless.
Yeah.
The seasons are shorter and they're making for the new season start.
I mean when is the extension of when is a new episode come on?
I don't know.
Let's look it up.
How you gonna look it up?
Oh on the internet.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Anyway but let's get back to Royce Applegate.
Okay the guy died show a little bit of respect and don't forget.
Greg H2.
Mr. Applegate 63 was found dead in the bedroom of his Hollywood Hills home.
This is California by the way Hollywood Hills not Emerald Hills.
After the blaze was put out and firefighters entered the house Wednesday morning.
Quintet-Wish spokesman for the LA County Corners office.
Mr. Applegate who lived alone in the hillside dwelling a stop to have succumbed with smoke inhalation and an autopsy has been performed to confirm the cause of the death of spokesman said.
Mr. Applegate appeared in numerous TV series during a screen career that began in 1970s including Dallas, Twin Peaks.
Well speaking of Twin Peaks now on my screen channel on the digital cable in Toronto they show we runs the Twin Peaks.
I thought Twin Peaks was like Dallas like one of like a nighttime soap opera.
It was a sci-fi show.
It was a spooky video.
Yes, spooky show.
That was a pretty good show.
I never watched it.
And I never ever I think it wasn't a downed against the Nuts Landing or something.
LA Law Nuts Landing.
So I never go to Water Polymer.
But Twin Peaks is not bad and Jag.
He was also went.
Did we see Jag?
No.
Neither I.
The Oklahoma porn actor was also seen in various motion pictures over the years.
His film credits include 1994's The Getaway with Alex Baldwin and Kim Basin.
You're the Cohen Brothers Epic comedy O'Brother Where Out The Artho and the upcoming Civil War
drama Gods in Generals do for release in February.
Well thank God they got the movie done before he croaked.
And now it's always good.
We can make it more famous now.
We'll be looking for him.
Oh yeah, there's the guy that died and that fire in Hollywood Hills.
So he's dead.
That's the bad news.
Here's more bad news.
Clone proof on hold.
See you people in the media man.
I mean we got North Korea threatening to blow the world up.
We got the president's driving around in his pickup truck with that stupid cowboy head
on going.
What do you look like that?
And these people all look at their concern about the Raylions and making up stories about
they just cloned a baby.
The parents of a newborn claim to be the world's first cloned human are barking on whether
they were out DNA testing on a child said the head of the cloning company that says it
brought the baby to life.
Anybody with a brain believe it?
No.
No, except the people in the media got nothing else to fill the time with I guess.
Many experts have expressed skepticism about the company's claim that the baby was a
clone saying they needed to see a DNA matching as proof.
But the parents told me they needed 48 hours to decide yes or no if they would do it.
Bridget Waselle told French TV station France 2 in an interview yesterday.
Oh God you've butchered that too.
What?
Her name?
Her name is Waselle.
I don't butcher it.
You didn't?
No, I don't know my French very well but this one is not really that hard.
OK.
Waselle Waselle is the chief executive of cloning which is linked to a cloning which I think
probably the drinking cool aid is what they're going to be drinking and then maybe taking
a little bit of that magic pudding and then cutting off their slongs if she's got one.
Which is linked to a religious sect that believes space aliens created life on earth.
She's also a member of a sect called the aliens and if you want to read more about this.
Oh, attempts by the AP to reach Michael Guillan.
Guillan whatever his name is they say I butcher that name.
The freelance journalist who was arranging the DNA testing we're not successful yesterday.
It's all a big hoax.
Anybody with half a brain like I said yesterday even our bell wouldn't put those fakers
on here.
Even our bell wouldn't put them on there.
87 votes on the poll already.
How do you like that George?
It's more than he had the whole time I was on vacation.
Altogether.
Who's the most that's what I'm talking about?
Who's the most despicable figure of the past 50 years?
Osama Yamama 26.
OJ 24.
That could change after I read this OJ story following the break.
Moe Howard David it unfortunately most move it up a little bit even after his is I don't
know how to describe it.
His classy attempt this morning to rejoin the crew of WQA.
You know what that?
Without a lot of fanfare, without any foreplay, without like making a big son of dance.
Maybe there's some hope there.
Maybe there's a chance there.
Huh?
Because you know me I never shut the door.
I say a lot of things I'm never going to do this but you always know that in the back
of my mind there's that one little opening that one little possibility that just maybe
you always have an opening in the back.
Yeah.
No that's back though.
That's what's his name.
Carlos out front as not to be confused with Carlos sitting next to you there.
There's more than one opening.
Osama 29, OJ 24, Joseph Stalin 13, Moe Howard David 12, he's right on Stalin's ass.
George W is got 11, Nixon, the floor and Santa Hussein's only got a pair.
We're getting them ready to invade Iraq.
By the way, do you see the bad news with Turkey and Jordan yesterday?
No, they're blocking.
Just like the parents of the clone baby are blocking.
There's a lot of blocking going on and I bet you John Rocker's got something to do with
it.
Yeah, he just told the rubber there and he was a block.
They're blocking about letting us use the bases and doing this and because they're not
so convinced after all that they got anything over there and neither is any other country.
Neither was anybody else with a brain.
In fact, Tony Blair, he probably don't believe it.
Probably the queen told him to get involved in this quiz and cover up all the scandals
there.
They're blocking Ham Palace with all those fruit cakes.
All that gay rape that was going on there.
Now they're big surprise that the not to me it wasn't like I've been telling you for
about a hundred years now there's a whole bunch of queens in Buckingham Palace.
That's what it's all about.
You brits, we were talking about cricket this morning.
If you people out there don't believe me about the British people just watch a little bit
of a cricket match sometime.
Just watch about 30 seconds.
And they also called it bowling.
Are you aware of that when the pitcher, yeah, when he heaves the ball up there toward
the batter who's got that little, what do you call that thing?
Fat paddle.
That paddle, that racket.
They call it bowling.
He's the borer.
That's the pitcher.
He's the borer.
And if they miss it hits the stumps.
And the guy behind the stumps, he's the catcher.
The borer and the catcher.
Because in Britain most guys are catchers is what I'm hearing.
So speaking of smallville, yes, the 14th will be the new episode.
Oh my God.
I'll look forward to mark that on your counters.
How can that be?
I just looked it up.
Oh, they see and you want to know why?
Because I keep thinking that today is Tuesday.
Oh God forbid.
I was positive that yesterday was Monday.
All that football on Wednesday, on New Year's day.
And I was sure that Wednesday was Sunday.
And then I'm coming back to work yesterday.
So I'm thinking it's Monday.
So I'm positive today is Tuesday.
So you're telling me the 14th.
So let's see Tuesday is a week from next Tuesday.
Correct.
Is the 14th a new episode of Squirt Squirt Smallville?
Pretty imposing.
Now what about sopranos?
What's the deal with that?
Is that finished?
Yeah.
They had five week episodes with a couple good things in there.
And that's a, that's a, that's a, in other words, all of that.
That publicity and the fewer and psychosis over five crappy weekly episodes.
And that's it.
That might be good.
They weren't, they weren't, they weren't all that good to begin with.
Right.
All accounts even from sick offense like you who think it's a good show, who like that
Guido talk.
Yes.
Who like your, got a cool.
And your post of Hajool.
Man, there's nothing worse than Guido.
It's trust me when I tell you.
If you don't believe me, just go to New York sometime.
We're supporting you five six.
You a, yeah.
Panthers, you blew it there because you would have reminded me if you were really on top
of things, although it is early in the new year, when Greg was standing in the doorway,
I could have like put him on a spot about why we had a Panther game on Waxy last night.
Huh?
Maybe that's why his hair is falling out.
Uh, get off this instant.
Does eating just one radish give you enough gas to chew the star's fanglet banner?
Well, eating anything from talk about cause you are lower, Chi-I, to erupt.
Like not the serious of the last days of Pompeii, when you use the executive washroom,
do your fellow employees call the county to have a hazmat team clean up the toxic waste?
If you answered yes to any of these questions, you have IBS, and we want to talk to you.
Well, not me personally, but the brave people at the irritable bowel syndrome laboratories
want to talk to you about volunteering for an IBS study.
I suffer from irritable bowel syndrome myself.
Irritable.
Here's our downright piss.
Oh, man, I cannot slip.
Call 1-800-Smelly and tell the operator you want to be part of this study.
Boy, it is dead in here.
It is 9-46-5-60-WQM-Happy New Year, Happy Friday to it is Friday.
What a scam this is.
You know, come back on a Thursday and all of a sudden it's Friday and it's the weekend
coming.
Excellent.
I like it.
You won't believe it.
You see this facts?
How long this facts is that just came over to facts machines?
It's from 212 area code, New York.
Now, who do you think it's from?
Ted David.
No.
Chronic.
More chronic than that.
Now, not somebody that belongs in jail like Ted David, all those other fakeers on CNBC
to gambling channel.
No, not somebody like that.
I think this guy couldn't get arrested.
The Aburian guy.
Oh, no.
Who sends me a facts here like he's part of the whole family.
He's got even notes on for Neil and George and Miguel and Carlos and put down a hoogie
Eric and like he's part of the show.
You're still a bit.
You're first of all, you're not my pal.
That's number one Jerry, the Aburian guy.
And number two, it's not unwarranted.
You're a pain in the ass.
You're a chronic groupie.
Get a freaking life.
In fact, it's funny that you come in.
You want to know why?
Why?
I was discussing with somebody yesterday.
I forget who.
About how great it is to live in a real city like Toronto.
I mean, like a real, real city.
Unlike here, which is just a bunch of suburbs and strip shopping malls and people who hate
each other.
And I was wondering after I had said that about people who lived in New York since we
have all these New Yorkers who've come down here, how could you possibly live in such
a great, not a grand in New York's had a lot of problems.
They had the lowest number of murders in New York this year in like 118 years, something
like that, like 82 or something.
Even Toronto had 60, which I thought was pretty low.
Eight in New York and I mean New York's twice the size of Toronto.
Pretty damn good.
But how could anybody who grew up and lived in New York for all of their lives?
How could they possibly come here and exist unless they came here to die?
Or they have no choice?
Oh, yeah.
But I'm saying why would anybody who lived in New York willingly want to live here?
In paradise with all these old parts, with all these nasty, miserable, old, hateful people
where nobody's speaking to English was just a sour, awful place.
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
Because I got to be honest with that.
And of course not anybody wants to live in a big city.
A lot of people are small town people.
Maybe that's what this is all about.
Maybe that these are really people that were like caught in a place where they didn't belong.
A small town person wouldn't like it here.
Why not?
This is the worst of city life.
Nothing but it's a big hicktown.
Prime and the town.
You know that my ears just opened up completely for the first time in about two weeks?
Just opened up just as I said, whatever I just said about hicktown.
It's a big hicktown, but it's got long lines.
It has all the bad of a city.
Right.
Without any of the good.
Right.
That's a good point.
Hey, welcome to South Florida.
We got all of the bad of a big city and none of the good stuff.
What more could you want?
What a deal.
What a combo.
We're going to have to find out from the audience.
And actually I almost feel tempted to change the pool, but I'm not going to do it.
I like that pool, don't you?
But we're getting a pretty good response.
We got 128 votes on there already.
And Osama's pulled away from OJ, but I'll still do the OJ story.
Am I changing?
But we got to find out from the audience if there's an opportunity if I should seize
on that little opening we had at 9 o'clock this morning.
And maybe we had just just this one last time.
See it because I don't I mean, I mean, we have fun with the whole thing and with MoVis
and MoVat.
But does it really have to be on such a hostile subhuman level?
Of course not.
Or do you think that maybe it's being done because he knows that I'm back in town?
I mean, the studio now is supposed to be like distant.
Do you think that's it?
What do you think Carlos?
That's that we want to put Carlos on his spot.
And he just zip his lip up more than manage.
And I noticed managed to get shot at MoV yesterday.
Was quoting Joe Rose talking about Joe's explosive show on Friday where he was excoriating
MoV for picking the patriots over the dolphins, even though it was tongue in cheek and
it's supposed to be a joke, etc.
or whatever.
Even managed to get a couple of shots and said, you know, sometimes it's not in good taste.
There's just some things you bite your lip and you don't say them.
Like when I've asked Mad Dog about his relationship with MoV, he bites his lip and zips it and doesn't
say it.
That texture is big.
Yeah.
So there you go.
I don't know.
I'm not going to take that pull, but maybe we'll get some input from the audience because
we certainly don't seem to have a lot of calls on her yet.
Although we will.
Eventually we will.
They're going to run to it.
When they're good and ready.
Just like when I'll start taking them when I'm good and ready.
OJ says this is in the globe January the 7th, 2003.
The globe.
OJ, I'll make fun of Nicole's murder if the price is right.
I wonder if Rod Roddy's saying come on down.
And by the way, he's a back on the show Rod Roddy for those who missed him with those
big fancy suits that he gets in Thailand.
You know what else he gets in Thailand?
Well, late.
Shameless OJ Simpson confesses that for the right price he'd accept an acting role that
poked fun at the gruesome murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her pal Ron Goldman.
I've been offered a couple of deals like that.
Says the disgraced gridiron, great, give me the right money and I'll do it.
Why are you giving the right money?
You can buy a lot of dope.
A lot of that powder man.
I used to ask how can anyone find humor in two people dying, but everybody does.
Simpson made the shocking statements in a national TV interview putting to rest all his
previous proclamations that he'd move heaven and earth to find the real killer of Brown
and Goldman who were butchered in front of a Brentwood, California home in 1994.
Now he's keeping his dough to himself admitting it's been a while since he spent money to investigate
the brutal slangs.
It's been a while since he spent money on the investigation.
All of that money that is paying on those expensive golf courses out there, I guess he
could have been using that same money to fund that investigation, but never let it.
Because I can run with a football people think I'm Perry Mason all of a sudden he says,
I don't know what to do.
He doesn't know what to do, kind of like Al Martino.
Well that's the wrong one.
You come out like a man!
What the hell are you going to do?
Yeah, idiot.
While the 55 year old wastes for the right world to come around Simpson who appeared in
three naked guns spoof's, that's not other ways to capitalize on his lurid fame, he supplements his hefty
pension by making paid appearances at a private events all over the country and boasts the yearly
income of well into six figures.
I have a happy life he crowed.
90% of Americans would like to have my lifestyle.
Yeah, but most of us would like to have our conscience that we murdered two people in
cold blood, scumbag.
Simpson's residence on Easy Street is located near Miami in Kendall, Florida, where state
laws allow him to keep his home in pension out of the hands of collectors.
It means he can stiff people like the Brown and Golden families who want a $33.5 million
for a death judgment against him.
The law isn't that I have to turn over anything that I mean to clear is they've got to come
and get it.
They've got to come and get it.
Are you ready for that?
I read that.
Man, is he a low, low down scumbag?
And not only that, but there's still many other people in this building who would like
to suck his brown crack.
That's the bad part.
Isn't that disgusting?
Doesn't that make you want a barf?
Yeah, we've got a whole bunch of people if you remember that great O.J. Simpson golf
tournament.
During the best of the ill fundraiser four years ago, what a bit of hell it was that we
nearly committed suicide over most of us.
Yeah, they're still sucking his ass.
The Mary Whittower, it says, now also embraces his notoriety.
Though Simpson claims most people he encounters in public are well-wishers, he says his presence
of fans of many others, and he's happy about it.
He's stumbling his nose atch is what he's saying.
I've seen people in the middle of their meals get up and leave.
He says, I'm glad I ruined your meal.
If you feel that I'm a murderer and think I killed somebody and you have that animus
toward me.
Then I'm glad I ruined your meal.
Go, leave.
If you feel that way about me, I hope you're as uncomfortable as you possibly can be
that I'm around and I'm going to be around.
I'm not going anywhere, he said.
How do you like that, huh?
God damn it.
Do we hate that O.J. or what?
Err, despise him.
Find him nauseating, unacceptable.
A human piece of walking turd is what he is.
And I apologize to the turd of this planet for that was a low blow.
There have been turds that have come out of my federal body.
There have been a hell of a lot more antiseptic and clean and beautiful than that piece of murderous scum, smegma.
Garbage and again, I apologize to the smegma of the world.
I just can't compare him to anything.
And you watch him.
Look at that.
He's moved all over.
Most get me nervous now.
He's starting to make a move.
He's making a late move.
O.J. has got those bad knees.
He can't run like he used to.
And we've got him here.
We've got the relians in Hollywood.
We've got the alien Miami family in Miami in Little Havana.
We've got O.J. and Kindle.
What more could you want?
We've got the Chad counters in Palm Beach.
We've got the old Yenthas in sunrise lakes.
What more could you want?
Like I said, what a great place.
It's paradise.
It is paradise.
So let's get some input on it.
It's totally unexpected by me as a topic of discussion here today.
But I think we ought to find out from the audience what they think.
I think most of them would be depressed if we like kissing made up a little bit.
I don't think they'd like that.
So maybe we'll have to fake it.
Although I'm part and not so sure I'd be in fake it.
Although in your case, don't think that this is going to let you off the hook.
You're going to be allowed to start speaking to that piece of dirt.
I mean, Mo.
Went into the conformed grubs and paper towels.
He was in there, said nothing.
Good.
So you know, well, that's one.
Okay.
This is only the day it's time.
This is only the third of January.
I wouldn't get too ecstatic about that.
I wouldn't be having like a hernia patting myself in a bag.
Once.
And what did he do?
Nothing.
Did he look at you?
He glanced in my direction.
He glanced in your direction.
And what was the response?
What was the physical response?
Was it like a tremble in the eyebrow?
Did the bag sag?
He was the talking to the other.
Did the piece fall down over like this side of the earlobe?
What was the response?
None.
Nothing.
I think Monday, well, all depends on, I'll let it leave it up to the audience here today to decide what my next move will be.
But I'm thinking about Monday putting on a flowery shirt from Poppano Park that they sent me as a joke.
Although I noticed my good friends up there at Poppano Park, including Dick Feinberg, walk around in those flowery shirts.
I never noticed that.
I never paid any, it's like the outfit there, I guess.
I never noticed that till the other night when he was walking around it.
And I thought, that looks just like the...
I told him, I said, that looks like the piece of embarrassing stuff you sent me.
They said, yeah, and he walked away.
But I think I might just come in.
Maybe I'll borrow a pair of Al Goldstein's boxer shorts.
You know the ones that he always shows up?
And I like so-am in half, in the third, and put on a beautiful green and flowery Hawaiian shirt.
How about a hat?
There's a hat.
And put on a nice straw hat there.
And of course, don't forget the a ferret hanging out from under the hat.
That's a real mink, you know.
Is it a mink?
It's lovely.
It was.
Whatever it is, because the audience can't see it unfortunately, but it definitely once was alive.
Like whatever Mo's got on his head, it once was alive.
Bringing that whole entourage, that whole outfit, standing in that window there, and like starting the new year with a nice greeting there on Monday morning.
What do you think?
I'll bring the camera, because we need some more pictures of you for the sight.
I'm contemplating it right now.
My man, look.
Is this horse-winning life-sick?
You way, yeah.
It's Friday, you bastard.
It's Idiots of Othley, on the prices, right?
What would you bid?
I'm that fine, I'm that fine oak cabinet.
Yeah, 694,000, 12 cents.
Yeah, that definitely 694,000, 12 cents.
Yeah.
And the price is $694,000, and 12 cents.
You're a winner.
They may not know what year it is, but they know their prices.
And prices.
112 items that today show, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely 112 items that today show.
Don't miss a second of Idiots of Othley.
Gone's the price is right.
What's the name of the guy I'm first?
Who?
The guy I'm first.
Who?
The guy I'm first.
What's the name of the guy I'm second?
Who's the name of the guy I'm first?
I don't know, two days.
Speaking of actors, I've tell you one guy who I like a lot, but I've discovered that he either takes very good roles or very, very bad ones.
You mean who I'm talking about?
Al Pacino.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
I've seen the clips.
What is his latest movie?
Do we know the name of it?
Whatever it is, I've seen some of the clips on TV.
His performance is so grotesque and so embarrassing.
It makes sense of a woman seem like going with a wind, you know, by comparison.
And set a woman.
Didn't he win the Oscar for that?
So terrible.
You still ever saw it?
No.
Ah!
The stench.
The stench of commoners.
He even more extended dolphin performance last Sunday.
Coming from that movie.
It'll be on cable.
Oh.
It's already been watching it.
What you think I've paid to go see it enough to get it?
It's a set of moments.
And I remember I even gave it another chance.
I watched it the second time from start to finish.
The recruit.
The recruit is an inverse new movie.
Thank you.
Oh my gosh.
Oh yeah, that's right.
He's recruiting these guys to be like, whatever they're going to be, you know, terrorist attackers, C.I.
Whatever.
Yeah, C.I.
You guys like Chuck Barris.
You're going to go see that movie?
I betcha.
I know one person is going to go see that Bokobrine.
We'll go see the Chuck Barris movie because that's his whole life.
You know movies?
Well, like I said, he'll get a rip off copy somewhere.
Join the big and a QA and prize patrol tonight starting at 4pm at Hooligans in the Dateland
Plaza for the official QA and Canes, Fiestible Watch Party presented by Miller Light.
How do you like that?
Isn't that great?
Another way to wait.
And we just sold it.
Somebody paid for that.
Miller Light paid for that mentioned right there.
I'm up for it.
I didn't kind of sheepishly.
You think you can give this a couple of plugs?
No problem.
Whatever you want, Duff.
Whatever you like.
Because that's what I'm here for.
I'm here to please these couple of months.
I'm here to try to make everybody happy.
So what do you think about the most thing before I start with it?
Although I don't see we're getting a lot of response on that.
But we would be the right thing to do.
Me about the way I do it.
But haven't I always been about like seven or eight times?
Hasn't it always followed on my wimpy old shoulders to be the one to say,
okay, well, we'll overlook this and we'll just like even after the bullet in the head.
I'll only other stuff trying to get your ass fired, you know, right?
But this is an overture.
Is it?
I don't know.
It might have been a misstep.
It's not Beethoven's fifth, but maybe it's most first.
Something like that.
Here's the facts from Sean and Holly when he's always got his thumb right on it.
Says, welcome back.
I think you're being unfair to the average sports hole when you say they don't care about the current North Korean crisis.
For example, if the commies launch an attack in Blue California off the map,
how will that affect the Oakland home and field advantage in the upcoming playoffs scenario?
And must San Diego surrender their 15 pick in the spring draft.
Happy New Year to you too, Sean.
Excellent point.
The sports nerds, man, the lowest of the low, there is nothing.
There's nothing wrong with being a sports fan, but the sports nerds after being here just a couple of days, I'm convinced that I was always right.
The people who will take a game and not just the game itself,
but within the game of individual player, a couple of plays, and continue to dissect it and go back and examine it and inspect it and resurrect it.
Ah, well, you get a life.
Get a life.
This is a radio station, 16 hours, 18 hours, whatever hell it is today, for people with no life.
And let me say it again.
We want to apologize.
The entire staff of QM wants to apologize to the Florida Panther Organization for sticking that game on 790 Waxi last night.
So we can put the orange ball on to make a lot of money off it, no doubt.
When the Panthers are two points out of first and they division the young and hustling Panthers, they played a damn good game.
There are lots of first two periods I went to bed because I knew the game was in the hand. It was done.
It was finito.
Avilines were beaten to a pulp.
Crunched.
It was great.
Plus going to bed early.
Man, I didn't have to watch the Mies Pop fan for another period.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
162 votes on a pool.
The most despicable figure of the past 50 years.
Osama Bin Laden, we should also put Fat Boy on her. He's got a pretty despicable figure.
And listen, Fat Boy, don't waste your time coming up here, which I notice you haven't come anywhere near here, because you're out.
Don't you agree with me? He's out on the balance for life deal.
They brought me food last night and I got to tell you it was the most fortuitous thing I didn't expect it.
And even though they knew I was back.
And I just said it was like a quarter to seven watching the CBS even news.
I said to John, I don't have a damn thing in a house to eat. I have no food in the house.
And here comes this car whipping out of the driveway.
And it's the balance for life guy.
How do you like that?
No, go.
Must have been my psychic powers again. Probably drew him right to the driveway.
He dropped off my little black sack and there was some damn good stuff in there for a change.
I mean, there was some good, no, seriously, it was great.
So Troy, I think you better get with a drop Fat Boy like a rock.
Drop him.
The entire state will feel the reverberations of Fat Boy being dropped by little Troy.
Can you see Troy trying to pick up Fat Boy with a fork lift?
With a crane, you with a fork lift.
Okay, let's see. Osama's got 55 most despicable.
OJ's still only got 36.
He ought to be doing better than that.
Mohawar David is 27.
George W. Bush 22.
Shame on you people.
What's wrong with you?
How come you're not like more loyal to your fearless leader?
Are you un-American or something?
What's wrong with you?
You idiots.
And don't forget.
Leave the gun.
Take the gun only.
Okay, Stalin 21.
Nixon 7 and Sodom was same 4.
And that strange that we're like on a verge of bombing Sodom off the face of the globe
and killing all those poor Iraqi people who never did the damn thing to us.
Just so we can go in here and like hook up the host to the world, the oil.
That's what we want.
And you notice more and more people around the world are saying this isn't got anything to do with weapons of mass destruction.
This isn't got anything to do with Iraq and the U.S.
Because they haven't got any chance to do an ad.
What it's got to do with is OIL and AMO.
Just like somebody I know on the station.
They do, God.
We're saying for a long time they're back when we used to do those bedtime stories and take like two serious.
Which we wouldn't want to do anymore.
We don't want to be so noosey.
Right?
Right high.
Too much news and you lose.
Because America wants to snooze.
Five signals.
This call from Pemberpine has been on there a very long time.
Which always makes me suspicious.
Pemberpine's hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Uh, what the hell is going on up there?
I'm down here sitting on my throne and all of a sudden everything just throws over.
What does that mean?
Hell.
Hell down here throws over.
Yeah.
We heard this...
Mo Howard David.
Yeah, okay.
Was that...
What did I tell you?
Was I...
Did I have my thumb on it or what?
Uh-huh.
Right on it.
That was some asshole.
He'd been on it since I've barely sat down here.
Okay, doing a phony voice.
Try to be funny.
Leave the humor to us, okay?
Well, there's one thing about most of you on the phone.
You're not funny.
At least not intentionally, anyway.
Even a bridge tender.
Stop it, idiotic.
Right.
He was only funny because he was such an old crotchety piece of crap.
Because he epitomized everything that we hate about South Florida.
Old nasty, hateful people.
We can't stand him.
Ma, we can't stand it.
I didn't tell you about how she nearly killed my little dog.
I left that out there, right?
I left it out yesterday.
I mean, if I have time, time permitting, I might be able to do like an hour or two on that today.
Just feed him the special dog food we got from the vet.
He's got a sensitive stomach.
Does she do it?
Oh, he would need a thing.
He would...
And I kept telling her every time I'd talk to her on the phone,
tell him that's the best offer he's getting.
If he gets hungry enough, he'll eat it.
If not, big deal.
At least he won't croak.
So she, of course, starts feeding him.
She goes and gets pedigree.
She gets this.
God only knows what kind of snacks he was giving him in between.
We had a whole thing of those little puppy-roaning things.
They're all gone.
So guess what?
He's got pancreatitis again.
Every time she's taken care of that dog in his lifetime,
I come back and he's got pancreatitis.
So I had a postpone his cataract surgery.
How do you like that?
Poor little tiny, the victim of that old bag.
And not only that, I betcha.
Not only she gave him the pedigree.
Can you imagine how much black pepper was on it?
Yeah, no wonder he was walking around with a sore...
Backed him.
He hates her.
If you think...
You think you've seen hate in your life.
You have never seen my little dog's reaction
when my mother comes in my house.
Even worse than mine.
Seriously, hate despise.
I told her that at lunch the other day,
I said, he hates you like poison.
And she said, how come and dread?
Yeah, that was her response.
A hubman dread.
Leave it to an old Jew-like her to come up with a line like that.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5.
We're still waiting for our first real call of day.
We had a good day yesterday.
We don't want to overdo it, you know?
We don't want to get carried away.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't have a computer, but I'll give you my poll answer.
And also a suggestion for you and Mo.
I mean, invite Mo to a swamper party and see whatever develops.
And maybe possibly Tom Dandenberg should have been on that list.
What did I just get through saying?
Am I psychic powers coming through again?
Yes.
I mean, the first two callers are a barometer of the kind of sludge and mung that we're going to get on the phone today.
I mean, I have to go back to bedtime stories Monday.
And I don't want to go back to bedtime stories.
I don't want to go back to periodicals on audio,
because then Tom Jickel writes something about it in the paper, get all bent out of shape again.
Tom will think something about radio.
It doesn't even own one.
But he's own one.
And he certainly got that nice bald spot just like Greg reads now.
I can't get over that.
You know, he put his head like kind of like embarrassment when I talked about his bad haircut.
And he put down like a little further.
And I could see that big shiny, I could see the reflection of the back of George's ass off the top of his head.
Maybe it was a flesh-colored genica.
Good.
Golly miss Molly, Greg.
I mean, he told me that since Moe and his had all the stuff going on here, he's been tearing his hair out,
but I thought it was just a figure of speech.
I didn't think it was literal.
Here's having Chura. Hello.
And you know, I made up my amian, and I wanted to say, I love South Florida.
I know it's probably not on your bromidro, but I'm on the country and live different places.
But I really do love South Florida.
Well, to reach its own.
And secondly, I wanted to ask you, how do you feel about Howard David as a professional with his voice?
He's got an excellent voice.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
How do I feel about as a professional?
See, now he's going to let me finish the answer.
He's got an excellent voice.
I'm not here to critique his performance.
We're talking about our relationship.
Do people understand that?
No.
To I have to draw you a diagram.
You get, we're talking about our relationship and the whole working ambiance here at WQM.
This is heavy-duty, important stuff.
And this, here's three in a row now.
This guy's also an asshole.
While we should have known that when he said he's lived in South Florida most of it and he loves it here.
Huh?
Because anybody that tells me any claims to have been all over the country, maybe he was to delay on the springs.
Maybe that's as far as he was.
Huh?
What's that little play Avaan Park?
Maybe he was there.
Right there on the lake.
He never, he never got north of those places.
So I don't tell me you've been all over the country and how much you love it down here.
And he's asking me my critique of it.
He's got an excellent voice.
Okay?
He's got a great voice.
He's got a bombastic voice.
Great for play by play.
That doesn't necessarily make him a great talk show host.
I'm not commenting one way or the other because we're examining it and look at the lack of response there.
Look at the lack of response.
We're opening up the door giving you people an opportunity.
Which we rarely do on this show.
Today I'm good thing you got that Rosary Beads and a cross hanging from the fire alarm up there.
Because I can see already.
I left here yesterday on cloud nine.
I haven't had such an enjoyable day at work in years as we had here yesterday.
And I come in here today and never happens today is an arrow here.
No.
Never, never ever.
Because then they figure, wow, you know, I always let something a little bit too happy.
Like he's back in Toronto or something.
We don't want that.
I'm going to do the break now.
When we come back after the break, we better have like a crap load of calls on there.
I'm telling you that right now.
I don't want to start playing bush boss with the audience, but butch up a little bit.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
Of course, they're all having their big festival parties plus the dolphin fans.
They're not going to talk to me because they're looking at wounds now.
You know, like a bunch of overgrown children.
Oh gee, not only did we lose, but it was his Patriots.
It was that Tommy Brady would have separated shorter.
And Adam Finnettiri.
Who put the dolphins back on the bus for months to come.
So if you want to take it personally, my guess, I don't really care.
I can handle it.
We got more important.
We got bigger fish to fry like Neil and Moe.
12 minutes past 10 at 5 60 WQA.
I'm kick off the new year with a great new mattress and dial amatrus.
If you haven't been sleeping well lately, nothing will give a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the coming year.
Then a good night's sleep.
And believe me when I tell you, boy, I'll tell you to sleep on a couch and Amsterdam those 10 days I thought I wanted to die.
You first have to sleep on like a small uncomfortable couch.
Yes, a lot.
10 days.
It's time for that New Year's resolution.
A great night's sleep every night.
So call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now.
And dial amatrus is having a sleeping like a baby all year long, starting as soon as tonight.
Dial amatrus carries only the best.
Seely, serda, Simmons, King Corlan, every size and style.
When you call him, you'll speak with an expert bed and consult who recommend the perfect bed for you and your back and your body.
They have what you want in stock.
No phone e-sales.
No bait and switch like department stores.
Then when you order your new bed from dial amatrus, they'll have it there on time.
Even the very same day you call like I said only moments ago.
You get to choose the date and time on this convenient for you.
Dial amatrus prides itself on their 99% on time record, which is just one reason why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction in the universe.
So do what all of us here at QA have done.
Make the call now to dial amatrus like Miguel, George, or it's truly.
We all sleep on amatrus from dial amatrus separately and so should you.
Enjoy the New Year with that special someone with new amatrus from dial amatrus called Tool Free right now.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dial amatrus.
The perfect way to start off the New Year.
My, my, and local, your sports radio 560s, you a.m.
I'm a tune yeah.
Norma, Donald Dick, off the farm in I-O-W-A.
Can the girls from there make love with bigs in I-O-W-A?
With a joint joint here and a joint joint there,
Here a blank, there a blank, everywhere a joint blank.
Norma, Donald Dick, off the farm in I-O-W-A.
A farmer sheep can ease his pain in I-O-W-A.
With a mat at there and a bat at there,
There a bat, there a bat, everywhere a mat mat.
Norma, Donald Dick, off the farm in I-O-W-A.
A farmer thought it would go the distance in I-O-W-A.
With a, here and a, here, here, here, everywhere a.
Norma, Donald Dick, off the farm in I-O-W-A.
Okay, there's a little salute to the Iowa people might still be in town after that embarrassing pounding by USC last night in the Orange Bowl.
Even George was embarrassed by that humiliated.
Huh? When you think that those corn huskies or whatever in a layer, that's right, that's Nebraska.
Well, it's, right, next door.
I think I'll nothing else go on out there. Big beefy, they ought to be kicking everybody's ass.
And they get beat by a bunch of pansies from, from Southern California.
Wow.
Okay, I'm gonna change the pool. I got the new pool.
If I were gonna just fax it to Eric.
Although I might, he might just be listening now in between feeding.
He could be listening.
He might even speak to you, but I doubt it.
220, well, we've taken a similar kind of a pool all I'd, I don't, we've never took this exact pool before, but.
I like the other one better, because it's obvious we're not gonna get,
are these lines working by the way?
B.
B.
Just a phone check because the lack of response here today is like a deafening.
On something so earthly important to me.
220 votes on the first pool.
Who's the most despicable figure the past 50 years?
Osama Yamama 64.
OJ 43.
Mohawir David at 35.
George W. Bush 33.
Joseph Stalin 30.
Sodom Hussein 8 and Richard Nixon 7.
Sodom is not even a contender.
I need a risk dick.
So here's the new pool.
And we can help formulate this together right here on the show, which we sometimes do.
Why are you gonna like get rid of that blocky?
I hate watching that thing.
You know, when you put one of those on hold like that, I can't stand it.
It drives me nuts.
Don't you hate looking at that thing?
Yeah, but I don't care.
I just forget about it.
The price of sanity is...
No, it's just...
Okay, you got that big...
By the way, George got his birthday ticket for me today.
Okay, so just answer the phones and quit playing Primadana.
I think...
In fact, I think Mohmayah had a good point.
Primadana?
What should Neal do regarding mode during 2003?
That's the pool question, the new one.
Got it, Eric.
Are you listening to your paying attention?
We don't want to pick on you again.
All the Carlos said...
What should Neal do regarding mode during 2003?
I've got three choices on here and maybe you can add some others.
Stick by his guns.
Ignore him.
Make peace or steal his hair piece.
Speaking of peace.
In other words, you would give peace a chance and give hair piece a...
Stick by his guns.
Ignore him.
Make peace or steal his hair piece.
Any other choices now?
I'm trying to distill it down to a short phrase.
Well, give me a clue.
Keep having fun with him.
But in a nice kind of way.
No, I don't see it.
You need to take such crappy...
Well, we'll continue having fun with him in a nice...
Whatever kind of way I feel like it.
That's not the point.
You do such bad pulls.
I saw some of the pulls you do like with two choices on there.
Yeah.
Like it's like it's today, two days or Wednesday.
You know, when the pull is taken as like on a Monday.
Well, what kind of a pull do you take, Mr?
Bad pull.
Bad pull.
Man.
Any other choices on there that come to mind immediately?
Nope.
Well, that's not much of a pull.
And it's like one of your pulls with only three choices.
See, I like to give like a bunch of choices.
That's the first key.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
What's your favorite TV show of all time?
What's your favorite TV show this week?
What's your...
I saw those.
You weren't fooling me.
I mean, not even...
I mean, I'd have been listening, but I was monitoring the goddamn website.
Including that one day when you told Fruitcake over there.
Oh, don't bother with...
You know, don't bother putting any...
So he's got stories on here.
Here, Cardinal Law, just resigned, okay?
And we got on our website.
Cardinal Law may resign.
It was one day.
That was the most crucial day of them all.
And you're screwing on it.
It was also the first day.
It was right after I left.
The first day.
Oh, you...
I don't care.
No excuses, man.
What was that?
Here.
Like what?
Like just getting everything back, you know.
Is he exaggerating just a little bit here, Carlos?
Is he making excuses?
You're so funny.
You've got his head so far up your ass.
I've never seen anything like it.
He's like an appendage of yours now.
He's like a part of your body.
Because when I called him that day and said,
get that little spick off his ass and get the stories on here.
It was like, he was, you know, sucking up for you.
I thought that's embarrassing.
See, he...
Let me tell you right now.
He's going to do nothing for you, okay?
He will do absolutely nothing for you.
He's...
Nothing he might not want to, but he can't.
He's impotent when it comes to this place.
He's lucky to still be allowed in a building, okay?
So don't like looked at him to be sucking around his brown crack.
Don't be like thinking about that.
Because that will do you no good.
Anyway, so what's the other choice?
I guess we'll get him from the audience.
Here's a call from Weston.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Hey, Neil, I vote that you do not talk to him,
and I'll tell you why.
He do not even make peace with him.
He doesn't deserve it.
When you were gone, I never wanted to listen to the morning show.
But when all this stuff was happening,
I turned into it as it's horrific as it was,
because you're right.
Same people have the same questions.
And Neil, he would find ways,
who pulls, to go out of his way to rip you.
And none of those people there would back you up.
Nobody would help you say anything, not Goldy.
Not Goldy.
Well, Geldy's just,
they're sucking around, you know,
because he needs the job, that's all.
But no of those people would even back you up.
You mean, even George?
Even George would not back you up, Neil.
He wouldn't think.
That's what I'm here, and I was hearing that he was undermining the emperor.
That's what I heard from somebody.
Neil, please do not make peace with him.
He does not deserve it.
Do not it be the worst thing you ever did.
Okay.
Now, keep on the opposite side,
draw the lines,
make him come beg you,
from mercy.
Okay.
Neil, hold on, because I'm telling you,
on the phone line, when I was looking in the mornings,
it would be like a call,
calling about, let's say,
damn, Marino.
And somehow, he would loop it around,
to rip on you.
It was the most ridiculous thing.
I don't mind if he rips on me.
I enjoy it if he does it in a way that's like,
I got a little bit of humoral.
It wasn't humor, Neil.
It was, it was, it wasn't humoral.
It means, it means spirited.
Evil.
Masty.
Haasta.
Yeah, but now, do you feel that there's any chance,
were you listening at 9 o'clock this morning?
Yeah.
And he said, Neil Rogers is next.
And no, he did not even say,
Neil Rogers is next.
Yeah, he did.
Did he say it?
He said, Neil Rogers coming up next,
and then Jim Matt is your one,
he went through the whole schedule.
It's got a liar, obviously.
Neil.
What, now wait a minute.
What are you saying this guy?
See, first of all, he was thinking of you.
No, you're upset because he said,
he outed you and said,
you didn't defend me, okay?
That's the liar we want.
So right away, you're turning on him,
just like you turned on Eric,
and created all that chaos that I had.
I had an idea.
Sir, you have no idea that come out of grief
that George created here between me and Carlos and the Eric.
Neil, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I swear I didn't hear him say,
not at clock next, I'm saying,
no, if he did, I didn't hear him say it.
He did say it.
But didn't you think I would make that up?
No, I don't think you did say it.
But I think George would say it.
Don't lie now.
I think George would say it.
Let's sit up.
Anyway, he would, I'm telling you, he would, he would, he would, he would, he would say it.
It's like ball games, don't get all that whipped up about it.
It's not that important, sir.
It's not that important.
And if it is that important, then nice knowing you.
You know what I mean?
Time to check out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Now, who was that with that Eric that called you on the line before?
About the poll?
Who was that?
Woody Graver.
Woody, what the hell is he want?
What does silly pony tell?
What does he want?
He added a suggestion.
And what is it?
Kiss and Makeup.
That's cute.
That's okay.
Kiss and Makeup.
Well, isn't that just like Make Piece?
Well, that's a cuter, you know.
I'm not kissing that thing.
Oh, you kidding me?
In addition to which if you tried to kiss in that piece I guarantee would fall off right on the floor.
Wouldn't it?
And I don't want to get that close that I want to smell it either.
You know?
That thing must be really ratty, whichever one.
Now, maybe the, maybe the nice dressy one that he worded the Christmas party.
Maybe that one smells a little bit better.
I want also to speak out of that since I've only seen him at about four times in my life.
Even though he knows that way they're the same clothes every day.
Didn't he also have, and then I mentioned that today that Greg brought him in here.
That very first day that he also had the Warren Cromardi aroma.
About the Kashmir bouquet bath.
So I'm not going to get that close to him because he like, he just ladles it on.
He must have Kashmir bouquet coming out of the shower head.
I'm serious.
I don't know what that's all about.
And you want to know why because it seems to me that guys who like to do this
will slather on like a lot of stuff like talcum powder.
It's kind of like gay.
Yeah.
That's what I would say.
Not that I know anything about that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'm glad you brought this subject up.
What subject?
The Howard Davis.
Oh, okay.
Well, the audience loves it.
Number one.
Which I think he may be starting to catch on to, by the way.
I disagree with your premise.
You do not need his friendship.
Oh, I know.
I don't want his friendship.
I'm never going to be.
You don't even need to make friends with him.
Or make a truth that's outrageous.
The tension between you two is compelling radio.
He needs you more than you need him.
Well, that's my name here.
You are a self-floor that I...
Somehow I succeeded all the years before I ever had him here.
Exactly.
Before he brought his bag in the studio.
Exactly.
You are a self-floor that I con.
Okay.
He is a newcomer.
He has to prove himself.
No kid on the block.
Exactly.
So far he's failed.
His ratings are mediocre.
Yeah.
And if they continue,
if the low ratings continue, he'll be replaced.
So he needs you more than you need him.
He's an excellent play by play guy.
But as a talk show host, he sucks.
He blows.
He can only talk about the dolphins in the NFL.
He can't talk about anything else.
Because he has no passion for anything else.
Well, there's the passion for the dolphins.
A lot of people are asking that.
Well, you know, who knows?
How could you pick the Patriots and then say it was ingest
that it was a joke and that their picks every Friday are done ingest?
Well, I don't have a problem with that.
Because...
Although he was right.
He was right.
Because...
Which makes it...
Which makes it...
You know something?
That makes it even worse.
See, that's what pisses people off.
If the dolphins were to won the game,
then it said, oh, I'm always just having some fun.
But we won the game.
I mean, we were going to win and we're moving on to playoffs.
But the fact that they actually did lose the game.
Come on, Neil.
I disagree.
You know, one of the hallmarks of your success is your credibility.
Yeah.
Now, that's before I came to QA.
And if he's going to pick the dolphins every week,
I mean, what credibility does he have?
Yeah.
If he's going to be the talk show host as posted the play by play guy,
he's got to give his opinions.
Otherwise, it's boring radio.
It's no time.
Well, maybe he knew there were a bunch of choke artists.
Maybe he knew that.
Yeah, they are choke artists.
He can't come on in here and say that,
because that would really put him off the edge.
But maybe he just knows that.
And is somewhere in the back of his feeble mind, you know?
Maybe he knows that.
Well, now that we're going...
Now that it's...
We're at the...
Almost at the end of football season.
Close.
You know, with the high f-double and then the playoffs
from the Super Bowl.
Fingerball, yeah.
Okay, he's going to have to demonstrate his ratings,
because he's not going to be able to rely on the football.
See, it would seem to me now that the Panthers have gotten so hot lately,
and the fact that there are only two points out of first,
even though he doesn't know much about it,
he's got a guy sitting there with him every morning
who knows more about it than anybody in the building except me.
You think that he would allow him a certain amount of latitude and time
because you're going to have to segue from when the Super Bowl
ends into all of those months and when there's no football,
because that's when our reading gets ponderous on this radio station.
Everybody knows it, because even with the draft coming up in April,
there are all those other months to fill when you've got to be talking about
other things than just giving it a football, you know?
Well, you know, last year in the Herald, there was an article about QAM's ratings,
and they said that you guys had the strongest fall book because of Neil Rogers,
The Dolphins, and The Hurricane.
We're coming, well now that we're going in.
The Hurricane's Don't Get Ain't No, that was full.
That is false, Neil.
That's false, they do get ratings.
No, they don't.
Yes, they do, Neil.
Tonight's broadcast, the TV broadcast is going to have a higher rating than the other.
Sure, they don't get ratings on radio.
Are there ratings on... No, they don't.
Oh, wait, look, look, sir, I'm not going to argue with you.
Okay, because when it comes to the ratings, I'm a student of the ratings.
I'm into business, and for you to start...
You know, getting all whipped up to a frenzy like you're going to teach me something.
I was at IOD when I had the hurricanes.
I've been a QAM for five years.
We got the hurricanes.
They do not get ratings.
First of all, almost every one of their games is on television.
Now, if you're going to tell me,
now I would like some of the Dolphins games people used to turn down.
They sound all over.
That's got nothing to do with ratings.
But they would turn on QAM to hear the sound when they were watching the game on TV.
Some people like how we're doing the game.
They like to zimper or rickwee or whatever.
And they'd like love manage.
But nobody's going to turn the game on QAM while they're watching TV.
So they can hear Joe Zagaki screaming like a goddamn stuck pig and heat.
They're not going to hear that.
Oh my, oh my!
I wish we... Is that in the audio fault, by the way?
Is that in a word of hell they're getting there?
They have it on a cart.
It's in there somewhere.
Oh, brunt.
We'll find out where they are.
It's too embarrassing for this show.
We're not going to play it.
They don't get ratings.
So he kind of self-off into pass because he's the expert, even though I'm the icon.
You know, sir, I want to say one thing to you.
Whatever I have done to make you think this service was better for me.
Yeah.
That's what I want to say at this point.
Give me a little bit of credit for knowing something about something.
Although he didn't have a good point about Georgia.
That was the other guy I told me at Georgia was...
Like my...
And look up.
This is 43560.
You ain't can't wait.
There.
Yes, the doctor knows how to write birth.
Switching's out for no pain.
She don't need to drive around.
Write it right downtown.
No pain.
When you're not arrived, when you're not arrived, when you're not arrived.
Yeah.
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Georgia got me stuck, so, okay?
Yes, she's taken proof to take away her blues.
No pain.
Her consent must be fun, but there's her valley on the go-pay.
When you're not arrived, when you're not arrived, when you're not arrived.
Feels no pain.
Though it's troubles season, you know she's always in no pain.
She'll just take us an expert in between meals, not go-pay.
When you're not arrived, when you're not arrived, when you're not arrived.
Feels no pain.
1033-560 WQAM.
This is a good thing it came in a mail.
You just handed them a seat.
It turned out to be good.
You're such a skeptic.
You're sour because you're hung around with George too much.
Lost man, 85 drafts golf card on I-75.
An 85-year-old man became lost while driving his golf card home from a doctor's appointment
inside a retirement community and wound up on a busy interstate chair of official said.
This is from the December 28th, son sentinel.
The man drove along Interstate 75 near Tampa for about five miles.
His golf card never topping 20 miles an hour, thank goodness official said.
His identity was not released and he was not issued any tickets even though
it's driving a golf card on the roadway.
It's illegal unless you're over the age of 100.
Unless you're like, little bit more senile.
See, it's a good thing it was driving a golf card.
It could have been driving a jukenoo, could have been driving a continental catalog.
It was only a golf card.
5.670560, I'm a little bit disturbed by the tone of these last two calls here.
The one guy that was ripping George in asked even though I think he had a couple of good points.
And then this last guy who's trying to give me a lesson about the ratings and about the hurricanes
have number, don't confuse people.
Oh, and also, did you see that the dolphin patriot game, it was in Barry Jackass's
column this morning which I won't waste the get out of the bottom of the bird cage here?
But in this market it drew like a 27 share or something like that.
And in the New England market, 32 point four share, much higher.
Now it wasn't even 20s.
It was 20 some odd here in low 20s, 32 point four share, which goes to show you
a lot more sports fans up there in New England here in South Florida.
Even though it was a big number for down here, but not even close to what it was up there in New England.
Because the fans up there appreciate what they got.
Even though we're not going to make the playoffs this year, we appreciate the good effort.
Okay?
Stumbled along had a great start.
Stumbled along couldn't stop the migrauma running, but that's the way it goes.
Had a couple real clinkers in there, we missed the buzz didn't show up.
But they got their rings as all I can say.
And you got your things.
Patriots got their rings and dolphins got their things.
How's rings and things doing?
Here's Pompato Beach, hello.
Happy New Year, God.
Same to you, sir.
Why do I live down here even though I'm from New York?
Well, I actually thought of them moving back to New York last year.
And the rents have come all the way down the hill for a 700 square foot apartment on the upper west side.
Instead of $3,500 a month now is $2,000 a month.
Yeah.
And I...
That's a good point.
I love the warm weather.
I tried the desert, got bored.
It was in California for 10 years.
And if it wasn't for the earthquake, I'd still be there.
By the way, last Saturday night, the street that I lived on in Santa Monica, not the building, but the road, Osharpoa Boulevard.
Totally collapsed because of a sinkhole because the water main broke.
That's why I know now.
One thing about Howard David, and it's interesting that you brought up a point of his prediction.
I actually called him on their morning.
I never called him before.
And said, you know, if you wanted to make an excuse for that, if he had a prediction, instead of saying, we should have said joke,
it wouldn't make more sense if he said that you did it to try to cite the dolphins into winning to prove you wrong.
And of course, he totally ignored me.
And finally, since this is the new year, I'm not making my own resolution, but I'd like to please tell everybody else, I don't know if they're old, young, whatever, in this town, how freaking difficult is it to park between two white lines?
I'm probably going to Target, the public's revenue that I go, either I can't get into a spot, or I get into a spot and I come in and I can't get into my car.
The floor on is three feet into my space.
Oh, we have that done here in our parking lot right down the stairs.
They park on the white lines.
They park over the white lines.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's unbelievable.
I guess what they figured is the white line is supposed to go right midway between the wheels.
It's just something to do.
Yeah, it's like a target, you know?
Like when a plane is landing at the airport and they follow that line on the road on the runway, that's what they think that is.
It's actually illegal.
I suppose it offers you one day and he said if they want to get this town at a debt, they just to get it to stopping people on the highway for not turning on those signals because they don't do that anyway.
It's very simple.
Go to every parking lot, ticket everybody, you'll be at a debt tomorrow.
Okay.
Bye.
Good luck to you.
56670560, the new pool is up there.
What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003?
This is a lot more important than the other pool we took.
Never had any inkling that we would be even delving into this today.
But at 9 o'clock this morning, in case you missed a cross over there, a shocking development here on WQAM, which probably there be headlines in both papers about it tomorrow.
Since we get since tremendous publicity here, there should have been pictures of all our faces.
I forgot when Greg Stuck has said in the order to thank him for the tremendous publicity campaign about my return after vacation and about all those billboards out there just like D-fo has got.
I noticed yesterday everybody in the world in this town has got billboards.
Why 140 in his apartment in the morning?
Whatever his name is.
You see their billboards with the big pupics hanging out.
They got billboards.
D-fo's got billboards.
What's that guy's name, Thomas Schwitz Schmidt?
Whatever his name is.
He's got billboards.
What do we got?
There are promises.
Empty promises lies is what we got here at WQAM.
That's what we got.
Nothing.
Zero.
Zipity Duda.
And here I come back into town in a tremendous mood, having a great time.
The show yesterday I give about a 40 on a scale of one.
We had a great show.
And I'm sitting here begging for calls again.
Because nobody has any idea.
I had a like bitch carlosite yesterday.
So it puts them on our website about that I'm back on the year now.
Even on our own website.
And I'd like bitch him out because George has got them under his thumb.
And George doesn't want him to put that on there because then if everybody knows I'm back right away, it makes George look bad.
I said it every day.
When you were like,
What is wrong with you?
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, huh?
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to go down a police cap and want to slap you in a face a little bit.
Huh?
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You got to get a post like this.
The thing you're blowing your brains all over your nice side of your leg suit.
Come in.
Huh?
You're taking a story part.
Just say there you go.
You're taking this very personal.
Just business.
We're just having a good time here screwing around a little bit.
The new pull is up.
Let's get some votes on here and see what they do.
Maybe they just don't care but I have my doubts about that.
Oh, look at that.
The first last 22 votes in a heartbeat.
What should Neil do?
Steal his hair piece 11.
Yeah, but that won't work.
He's got more stick.
I think the audience is a shocked by the development as we are.
So I probably shouldn't be too hard harsh on them.
Because nobody ever anticipated this.
And ordinarily it wouldn't mean that much.
But after all these months of psychosis that's gone on this place.
All of it on his part by the way.
Like that day that his head.
I swear to you, I thought that his head was going to spin around and come right off his shoulders.
Like Linda Blair in heat.
The day that I stood in the doorway with those anal love bees.
And it was my luck.
You know, how do I know that that guy was going to call right at that moment?
How the hell would I know about that?
Probably thought that I put him up to it.
What are those precious moments?
Yeah, one of those precious, prescient moments that I occasionally have.
When I just got up to see if they still had a control room door open.
So I could look in there and give him like a high sign of it.
And sure enough, there is this guy agitating him on a phone while I'm standing in the doorway.
And he just went ballistic.
Looks like he had just seen the face of, um, son of Sam, Charles Manson and OJ.
I'll combine.
I'll wrap it up into one.
That was the look on his push.
If you could have seen that hairpiece spinning around like a draidel and it wasn't even a Hanukkah time yet.
My, my, and look.
This is Fort Real 560.
You way, you way.
I got, uh, not auction coming up.
Oh boy!
That's where we auction off an item of great value.
You're slashing me, Mo.
Oh yeah.
They're holding this way.
Okay.
Well, uh, we got the auction these items off for a very, very good, good cause.
Reach for the sky.
What's that mean?
It means stupid.
If they don't give up a goat, we take it anyway, see?
Oh, like reach for the sky.
You money or you win.
What's the matter, Mo?
I'm thinking.
Just a joke, Mo.
A joke, huh?
Yeah, I got a joke for you.
Now that's funny.
Now, uh, why do we got the auction off this day?
Why not auction off your pee there?
Say, that's not a bad idea.
I need to know it anyway.
Yeah, please.
But please let me tell my minions and paradise some about the luxurious everglades hotel and its magnificent spa.
That's where my close place, you know, man, friend Jake Feedler and I go quite often.
He got like two men in a spa lined in naked with just the dowels, teeny moisture, aeronia balls,
jays, sore hands, gently caressing my butt, uck, and then grasping them, drawing me closer.
You can't carry the way Mo is squintin' on me.
Stop it.
You are professional smuck.
How dare you interrupt the spot?
Would you splash in me again?
Now, did you splash?
Hit it.
You're splashing me with your embarrassed feet.
Yeah, you want to see the filth again in my pants clean.
That it smells like fox in his gash.
That's the time you got a brand new band.
That's what the fuck does, what the fuck does, what the fuck does, what the fuck does, what the fuck does.
That new band makes me feel good.
Like an old caca should.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
It feels nice.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Like when I know the hot wax in my eye.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
This old one here says,
so I've gotta get a brand new bag.
Hey, we're just splashing.
It stinks.
It's not my bag.
1046 at 560 WQ, we got the mad dog at 1, eddyk.
Eddyddyk from GAOB Gulfstream, the saffron, plunge in his version hours.
It's not looking too good for the anneal and moh reunion.
66 votes almost immediately already on air.
What's anneal do about moh during 2003, now that we have this shocking development today?
Steelers Hairpiece 33,
stick by his gun's ignore him 16,
make peace 9 and kiss and make up 8,
so only 17 out of 66 are like in a pository thing.
And the others are a negatory.
Well, they like it. They like the eggs.
Of course they do.
Although a lot of people think that it's contrived.
If you have any idea,
every salesperson in this building tells me that every single client
everybody they need on the streets asks them,
oh, is that just make believers?
Is that for real?
All the appearances,
whenever anybody shows up.
Possibly make that up.
How could anybody,
like getting your ass fired?
I mean,
right, no, that's all stick.
Right, it was just a bunch of stick.
Right.
As George was one step away from the 80th floor of any tall building he could find.
Don't forget, join the big,
and the QM prize patrol starting at 4 this afternoon at Hurricanes of the Dayland Plaza
for the official QM Cain's Fiesta Bowl watch party presented by a member like,
don't be confused by the unofficial watch parties
and by any thorny baloney watch parties,
be sure and participate in the official QM Cain's Fiesta Bowl watch party presented by,
Miller Light and Duff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
I'm going to go back to bedtime stories, yo.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I love the bedtime stories.
Neil,
Mo' Howard, David's problem is that the dolphins are done for the season.
Yeah.
And he sucks.
And I got just one simple thing for him.
Hold on, it's going to have to be.
Okay, great.
Find another chronic, another real loser, another sad, sad voice from the past.
Always got his little thing queued up there.
Oh, how sad.
Welcome back to South Florida, Neil.
Thank you.
Look at this response here today, man.
I might as well be sitting here going,
like that, no matter what you do in this town, they don't like it.
No matter what it is, you give them the bedtime stories,
you're going to inform them, we're going to talk about important things.
Oh, no, we don't want that.
We don't want to hear some asshole reading on the air or talking about stuff
that we can get on the news.
We want to be entertained.
Then you try to like go the other direction.
Oh, no, we don't.
One day of that was more than enough.
Let's go back to the other stuff.
We don't know what we want.
And you want to know why because they're here.
They're here.
They're depressed.
They're despotted.
And they know that what I say is true.
This is the anus of the universe.
You can smell it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T.
And how about those Panther people?
No wonder this station can do whatever the LA want.
You'll put up with any crap that they had to shout.
Of course, the game was on TV last night, but setting that aside.
What kind of grotesque behavior was that?
To shuffle that game off to 790.
And here's a team that's two points out of first place in the division.
How do they guide them far cracker on New Year's Eve?
And nobody gives a crap.
That's the one constant in this town no matter how many times I go away, how far I go away,
how many times I come back, it never changes.
They don't give a crap about anything, including themselves.
And probably if they did, they wouldn't be here.
Here's Pompato Beach, hello.
Hello, Niel.
Do you have any Miami Dolphin?
Bointin Beach, hello.
I'm happy and healthy to you.
Sam, do you?
Niel, first of all.
What a change from yesterday to today, man.
Yesterday, they put on a good act yesterday.
They pretended they had material.
Four solid hours.
We actually had a show here yesterday.
It was shocking.
Every idiot comes on today.
But Niel, you know, I go back and forth between you and Howard and think,
you know, what's stick and what's not.
And then I said, you know what, I'm just going to sit there.
And I would turn down the TV and I'd watch the game.
And more often than that, he's got a great voice,
but the guy gets more calls wrong.
And you could imagine.
And you could just hear the mad dog silence.
And he just tries to be crazy and builds him for wisdom perfect.
I would scream at him also, but he's not as good as advertised.
He's definitely no uncle Niel.
Happy and healthy to you.
Okay, the same to you.
Thanks for the suck job.
See, the audience doesn't get it.
They don't understand it.
I'm not interested in sitting here and doing what he always claims that we do
and talking about him and critiquing his performance for hours.
I'm talking about our relationship here on this radio station.
I mean, I thought I'm including our poll or it is right there.
I thought I made it very clear.
And yet, as usually is the case.
No matter what we get, a lot of calls are just a few call.
They're making a difference.
They just don't respond to what I'm talking about.
They got their own angle on it, their own agenda.
They refuse to listen to the words coming from my articulate mouth.
That's within F.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
There must be something going on today.
Maybe they're having an all day.
Or someone's party.
That could be it.
Or maybe we just out of business.
Here's Surfside.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
I don't have access to the computer to vote on the poll, but so far as Margot, keep it up.
He's a bitter old man.
He's got to do enemy now.
Hank and Joe Rose, because they don't acknowledge his greatness.
And a little dedication to Moe, a one hit wonder, hair by the cow's fills.
Okay.
Didn't they have another one?
What was the other cow's fills hit?
They had hair and it was one other one.
The moon, the sky, the sun, the park, you're asking the minos.
Yeah, flower girl.
Something like that.
I like the cow's fills.
Yeah, nothing wrong with that.
They were okay.
They were kind of like for the time, you know.
Inspiration for the parched family.
Like I said, I wasn't too crazy about either one of them.
Oh, look at this.
Here's our last call.
It probably isn't a real call.
I can't believe this.
Every time I think I'm shocked in this town, I come back here and it's just a new shock.
Here's Baltimore.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
I listen to you on computer every day.
And I'm just curious about something.
What are you sticking?
What is not?
When you come down to Florida and you see Moe and the hog, you make eye contact with him?
I never see him in a hog.
I've only seen a man in a hog like twice since he's been here, because I'm usually not here anyway.
But I very rarely see him in a hog.
He's usually buried in that room there with a guilty side by each.
So if you're in town, if you're in the building, he just completely stays away from you.
Well, I mean, we just very rarely encounter each other.
And up until now, up until this last episode, I have always, you know, hey, good morning.
And he gives me the back and I'd say, you know, like, hello and goodbye.
I mean, it's clearly obvious the guy has in his mind reconciled the fact that he is sinking at this point.
Is that what it is?
And he tried to get you to prop him up.
I see.
And I don't think he's the one that's sinking.
You're calling from Baltimore listening on the internet.
You're my only phone call.
So I think I'm the one that's sinking.
Well, that is a good one.
I think George finished me off there during those long weeks.
I sabotage what was the worst of in Georgia.
I think that guy had a good life under mind his show, under mind the emperor.
I got to tell you the truth.
I gave George five minutes and I waited for you to come back.
Yeah.
But I think you got to stick by your guns because those bits are tremendous.
And it becomes at his expense, it's growing.
Oh, well, I'm not going to stop those.
We're not stopping the comedy bits.
Okay. Well, then you know what?
There's nothing he can do to play, can't it?
He threw the gauntlet down.
You picked it up so it goes.
Okay.
One chance, wander.
Gotcha.
See ya. Thanks.
Okay, that's the end of our phone calls for today.
It's been nice being with you.
I think two hour show is okay.
Sounds good to me.
I can handle it.
Two hours like once or twice a week.
Once a month.
That's the end of your material.
And you know the interesting part of it is every single pool that I've taken over last few months.
That's involved his name in any way, shape or form.
The response has been spastic, overwhelming, unbelievable.
Am I right?
Indescribable.
Like they're just bursting with things that they want to say.
And here I come on.
We get caught off guard at around a clock and across over.
And these people are going out there to say about it.
Let me ask you this.
How about bilingualism?
See, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon line.
I'm just, I'm just astonished.
Shut.
Are I?
No.
No, I'm not.
But it sounds good.
We got one call on that board.
This is a crowd.
And if we were talking about your sports craftman, I want to hear a Panther person that's pissed off as I am that this station buried that game on 7.90 last night.
Where they're desperate to try to get some asses in the seats in there and build up this young organization that my Keynes do on a damn good job with, by the way.
I held up a job.
And this station says, FM.
And puts on a goddamn cowboy bull, their last night from the Orange Bull.
Just so they can get a whole bunch of spots on there and suck a bunch of money out of it.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Go, Judge.
Uh-huh.
Candle.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you today, sir?
Okay.
I'm doing fine, but the audience out there, I think, is doing the cool aid.
Very happy to hear you.
Same to you.
Quick questions.
I'm interested in going to see a hockey game for the first time in my life.
I'm thinking my brother will offer a birthday present.
Yeah.
I suggest a couple of things that I don't know where to go in the arena.
And I think he said they wanted to see either Toronto or Philadelphia.
Which one would be the better thing to see?
Well, I mean, how can I tell you that?
How do I know how the...
Well, they're seeing a hockey game, so I'm just testing in your...
Well, I think that both teams have 43 points right now, so they're identical in terms of the standings in Eastern Conference.
It's hard to say.
I mean, I would go to see believes because I'm a leaf fan.
Okay.
And they're an exciting team to watch, but then again, so are the flyers.
But again, it all depends on the night.
Sometimes the teams show up, and they just don't...
You know, they don't get off the bus. They don't play much of a game. So I can't tell you that.
Okay.
Red Wing's coming this Wednesday.
So watch the game, which would be...
Would it be like a football arena where you want to be around the 50 or up near the top?
It's close to a center-rises you can and is like midway if you can.
And usually most of the games you can get pretty much wherever you want.
Okay.
You should play the Red Wing game Wednesday.
So, okay, I have a good time there, pal.
I don't talk hockey on this station because we're anti-Somantic when it comes to hockey.
We hate it.
That's what I'll tell you around here.
Hockey sucks.
That's what we heard from one of our close personal friends.
115 votes on a pool.
What should Neil do about mode during 2003?
Steel is hair piece 54.
Stick by his gun's ignorant.
FM 29.
Kiss and make up 18.
Make piece 14.
That's only 32 out of 5.
That's only 28%.
Not too good.
72% say.
FM.
Zimbulous Jr.
Don't you...
Like I said yesterday, I think we're going to have a good time.
We're just... this is a dry run.
I think they're like saving juice on the transmitter.
We're going to pretty good response considering we're not on a year.
I think that's what they're doing.
We're not talking sports here between 9 and 1.
So, what they're going to do is just shut the thing off.
We'll run the spots and pretend that somebody can hear them.
Well, let's talk about the game.
You can hear them, can't you?
Who?
The spots.
What?
So, whose fault was it?
They want set of north turners.
How do you like that?
He got the names right.
That's what we're doing.
We're doing sports on his show.
That's what we want.
Then we'll get some calls.
We'll get that idiot from a little Havana.
We'll get John and Schwarzer calling in.
We'll get Stuttering Steve.
Now we're talking.
Now we got our own.
We'll steal all his goddamn calls too on it morning show.
We'll put it all fart in his place.
We'll steal all five of those guys.
When you left the house this morning, you noticed how dirty your car was?
You didn't have time to wash it.
No so-called car washes and gas stations can't get it done for you.
I got a great idea for you.
Take your car this weekend to University Car Wash and Lube on University Drive between
Sturling and Griffin Roads and Davy because they do it all.
Full service washes, deluxe washes, hand washes, complete detail, and rug shampooing.
Right now at University Car Wash and Lube, you can get unlimited full service car washes for as low as
32.95 for the entire month.
That's right, just 32.95 for the whole month.
You can get a washed every day if you want.
Need an oil change?
Get a complete quality pens oil oil change and free full service car wash for just 22.95
and you sign up for their free preferred customer car.
So keep that new car shine all winter long only from University Car Wash and Lube.
If you're a snowboard, need to get that car looking new again.
Stop by University Car Wash and Lube.
Don't forget this weekend.
Get the schmutz and gram off your car.
Stop by University Car Wash and Lube because they be the best.
And you'll find them on, where is it?
I'm University Drive between Griffin and Sturling Roads and Prestigious Davy, like I said.
Five and a local. This is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
You win.
Why the hell you besting?
I think this is the Box News Heather.
One in a row.
Really like to f**k you.
Oh yeah.
Box News Heather.
We really like to f**k you.
We're free to like you.
We're free to like you.
We're free to like you.
We're free to like you.
I'm your headless.
Do you bitch?
You wanna come?
Three ways.
You're a big dog.
You should think of me.
Tell him, tell Pigs, Rose, but they're between your bones.
I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum.
See you next time you need a story done.
Since it takes something for you to make you come.
Box News Heather.
We really like to f**k you.
Oh yeah.
Box News Heather.
We really like to f**k you.
Remember that story from December 5th?
Bush's in the moron.
He's a cunning sociopath that I read on here back on December 5th.
Yes.
Doug just sent it to me.
Thanks Doug and Bokeh, but we already did it.
Thank you.
He said if you already saw it, you know, he didn't feel bad about it.
He's just trying to inform us.
Okay.
Keep us informed so we know what'd be going on in the world.
56670560.560 on EAT and TN Verizon Wireless Line.
What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003?
Steal his hair piece 58.
Stick by his gun's Ignorem 43.
Kiss and make up 22.
Make piece 14.
Only like 26.2%.
View that relationship in a positive light.
They like it.
They like the hostility.
Oh, they do like they like the hate.
I think it's not looking too strong.
I think he may be a little bit late.
I think it may be like a really kind of a lame gesture.
Like somebody comes in and blows up the whole family, you know, with pipe bombs and guns and machetes and just bushes the whole family.
Then goes back outside and rings the door and say, hello, anybody home?
You know, it's just, I don't know.
Kind of a little bit late perhaps to be changing his tune.
Here's a call from Columbus, Ohio.
Hello.
How you doing?
Home of the United States Trotting Association and the Ohio State Buckeyes, yes sir.
Yeah, you guys know you're playing for the National Championship tonight.
Did we know it?
Yeah.
And?
All right.
I'm too to hear that.
Yeah.
I don't hear you guys talking about it.
Because this isn't a sports show, sir.
Are you familiar with this show?
No, I guess I'm not.
You think you lost?
Asshole.
I'm tuning in and hook him.
You know what you're playing for the National Championship?
No, we're not playing for it.
You're playing for it.
You're going to get your ass kicked, sir.
Okay.
It's going to be embarrassing.
You guys couldn't win a fixed game, okay?
Except maybe against the girls team like Michigan.
With a lot of luck there at the end.
I saw that game.
Is this incredible?
They reminds me that one voicemail we've got.
Remember that?
Yes.
Which one was that?
Pist off and fired up.
No, no, no, not the Pist off fired up.
I'm not talking about how.
Talking about the guy that was looking for a good sports station.
He just came into town.
Which guy was that?
Let me see.
The disgusted guy.
Is that it?
Maybe.
I really hope you use this on the year.
I've been listening to QAM now.
No, that's not it.
Which one of those voicemails was it?
I know it's on here somewhere.
Not Eddie.
Not the FCC guy or the filthiest thing.
The frustrated guy?
No.
Huh?
No, it wasn't a frustrated guy.
Oh, here it is.
This is Robert.
I'm playing in out of town all the time on business.
Whatever.
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and happened to find Neil Rogers.
Be honest with you.
Pistetic.
Very pathetic.
And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in the sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody better than him.
Yeah.
And his whole GD thing and everything.
Robert, I guess, a lot of the higher number one day we'll all face the Lord.
All right.
Have a great day.
Yeah, good.
Yeah, that's what I was talking about.
Good old Robert.
Same concept.
Oh, isn't this the sports station?
See, they're sitting up there in Columbus and they've looked up somewhere at WQM is
the sports station here in South Florida in Miami.
And therefore, they want to call in like, oh, I didn't know.
Don't you know, how come you guys aren't talking about it?
Because we don't give a flying crap about it, okay, sir?
In addition to what's even if we did care, what's the point?
It's a foregone conclusion.
I will tell you right now, I bet that guy Roberts life on it.
That university in Miami will kick the crap out of Ohio State tonight.
Guaranteed, take it to the bank that all of Georgia's increase in his new contract on.
I'm telling you right now, what a croc, a crap.
Here's the facts from Chris and Pembroke Pines.
As soon as I punched that guy up, I knew he had no idea who I was, what the show was all about.
Don't you understand?
This station has got a like Don I'm a son of a fan in New York in the morning.
Is he doing a sports show?
No.
Does he talk much about sports?
No.
Rarely.
He's got a sports guy on there.
But he sure is how don't talk about sports.
They can't handle it man.
They got to have the same crap round the clock.
Airby second, airby minute of airby.
God damn day.
Let's dissect the game.
Let's go back.
Let's take a shower to get it.
Let's act like a bunch of pansies and heat together, okay?
Let's stick our hands under the quarterbacks ass.
And see if Tom Brady's really got as big of a pair as we thought he did.
That sounds good.
Anyway, this is a long time listener I feel you should keep up the battle with Mohawar David.
His irreverence to you and your audience must not be tolerated.
What really blows me away is that he's convinced that his audience is somehow more intelligent than yours.
Like his callers, they're like John and like that little Havana guy, like a stuttering Steve.
What's comical is that he doesn't have a clue what he's up against.
I say Bury him with several exclamation points.
If you were to take a random sample of ten listeners from his audience and yours administered an IQ test,
who do you think would score higher?
In other words, whose train monkeys are smarter?
Certainly not the Jimmy and Danny Morons who spent all their time voting about a meaningless football game.
Now you're getting warm, Chris.
Now you got your thumb on it.
Anyway, please keep up the great work and thank you for the decades you spent bringing intelligent talk to listeners
who've enjoyed your show over the years.
Happy New Year, Chris and Pembroke Pines.
PS, it's so much more comforting knowing that you're back down here with us.
Remember, Ms. Relo's company, yeah, I notice Chris.
I notice by the overwhelming response we've had here today.
Pretty damn lame.
There's something about this place they don't want you to enjoy your life.
From almost one of the first calls I had, one of the first days I did a show in Toronto,
oh, Neil, you sound so happy up there.
It wasn't that he was pleased about that.
He was upset.
He was upset that I wasn't pissed off and fired up because I was here and because the people here are so goddamn angry about everything.
They're angry.
They're psychotic.
The driving sucks.
The football team sucks.
At least the professional one anyway, supposed.
The heat suck.
Panthers are doing great but nobody cares about that.
Nobody really sucks.
Humanity sucks?
George sucks?
Most sucks.
But that's beside the point.
See, I think I got thrown off my game a little bit there.
Maybe that was his plan.
It was staggering.
It worked.
I almost went sideways right off the chair.
I almost didn't hit the open.
Almost spun right around like that guy in the talk radio.
That stupid ass movie that...
Oh, Eric Pagosian.
The worst.
Oh, here's a different guy in Columbus or maybe the same one.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Good.
Hey, I'm listening to you on the internet.
It does say you've got a sports talk going on right now.
No, it does not.
On the internet it does.
What does it say?
It says it's a sports talk.
What are you reading?
What are you reading?
What are you reading?
It's 560 WQAM.
And what does it say between 9am and 1pm?
What did you say?
Well, I don't know, but I can't.
Well, I have somebody read it to you.
Okay, you moron.
You know something?
I'm changing.
I hope the hurricane scored 200 points tonight.
Okay?
He just made me into a hurricane fan.
Oh!
You moron?
And of course being a Michigan state person anyway.
I hate Ohio State like a...
A passion!
Do you know what time I ever root for them as if they're planning their
Michigan or Notre Dame?
I hope the hurricane score 400 points, and that's just before the
first quarter ends, you jackass.
I'm on a hirk whoon badwagon, not because I'm a front-running
foany, but just because of idiots like him.
He doesn't know what it says.
Well, take a look at it.
Like I said, have somebody read it to you.
Somebody who might have a textbook.
Okay?
Which probably there ain't too many on your campus.
You simple-ed-nd?
And by the way, Doug McLean says don't even think about coming in any of the hockey
games they won't let you win.
Well when I think of my good close personal friends Ray Whitney and Mike Sons you have to
toil up there and of course Jeff Rimmer's a lovely daughter.
Have to toil up there in Columbus with Doug McLean.
With a bunch of knuckleheads I guess maybe the hockey crowds if they're a little bit
more knowledgeable than the football the college football crowd.
We don't have a sports show on now Jackass this isn't a sports show it never has been
a sports show it's by far the highest rated show on this radio station and you can take
your goddamn buck eyes and stick them up your ass how do you like that?
I hope the hurricane scored 2,000 points and I hope that coca leaves the whole goddamn
first ring in there the whole game just so we can run it up we see that you thought
it could never happen again don't ever say never with me because like I said earlier
in a show always leave that one little thing back where I had that stroke years ago I
think in a back of my brain there the one that Greg is always picking at only he's got
nothing in there.
Can you believe how do you like that?
In other words because he thinks he sees it on the website therefore this is a sports show
because he's reading it on a website first of all don't be looking on the wqa and website
anyway Jackass this isn't a part of wqa we're just we're just sitting around here because
it's a place to do the show and they like the money that's all we have nothing to do
no relationship with the rest of this radio station it's an island thank god we got a real
audience not just a bunch of nose pickers want to get drunk and argue about a stupid ass
football game I hope the hurricane score 6,000 points and that's before the games and that's
before the tailgate party's end yeah you schmuck here's pomp it'll be chill out okay
one it up Larry yeah that's right Larry 4,000 points in the first two minutes and welcome
to the legends of the cunes there you go I'm officially proclaiming myself a cool right now
he's actually a great guy I'm the he coolner I have to out tell you who I did like a lot
who's was a big fan of mine what that I don't know what his name is what that was the basketball
coach have rally no no no the hurricane's you know oh no I don't know I don't follow them oh I
see nobody else does he that's why they're getting a new arena tomorrow the former basketball
coach these Schwarzer coach he's a good guy met him at the airport one time he's a big fan of
this show but anyway all right listen there was an article in the New York Times on New
Years Day titled outflank Democrats wonder how to handle the media wars did you read that Larry
Hamilton Leonard oh I don't know what did I read what did you read the article about how the
Democratic Party is scouring the country for progressive talk show host hello no I did not
take on the big fat tick bar and all of his right wing pal no I did not yeah and they're looking
yeah they want what do you what do you mean the Democratic Party what radio station what radio
station is the Democratic Party on what network do they have well they're trying to they're trying
to recruit some talent I don't know what the John but I don't understand recruit talent to do
what what station do they have well are they going to build their own radio station well they're
talking about doing a liberal cable network and they are they're also talking about recruiting
talent like you yeah yeah we get out there on satellite and from people to you and you know what they
said yeah the reasons that those shows haven't worked in the past like Mario Cuomo and a few others
yeah yeah because they talked about policy instead of being in your face right like you right in your
face and up your ass right do it okay thanks this condom stop living in dream world here's a fact
from Matt good facts it says read your poll question what to do about Moe you know what it says
shoot him in the lake well shoot him in the lake is what's that now I'm not going to shoot him come on
can you imagine pop it at Veracosvane oh my god with a rhino dart oh jeez five six seven oh
five sixty pound you people man I'll tell you I think it's getting to you in fact I'm now more
grateful than ever for the fact that about eight months out of the year I don't have to live in
this rat-infested sewer of a toilet place I think it's getting to these people they've been here too
long yeah the heat even George and George going up there to North Carolina once in a while just to
get out of here and if you can enjoy going to North Carolina what does that tell you that's
what say every every couple of weeks I drive up to two egg just for you know a little breather
real refresh your own life no no no no man a one egg 1150 to five sixty WQAM the number one
Chinese buffet in the world it's the Emerald Coast let me show you how I attack the buffet at the
Emerald Coast for the knife a fork and a spoon that's how I do it and you should do the same thing
they have three locations for you they're in sunrise north Miami Beach and their newest location
in Pembroke Pines start your mouth-watering experience with six different kinds of soups to choose
from maybe you'll have it like a bowl of all of them if you're a real pig then sample dozens and
dozens of succulent on-price not just oriental goodies but all kinds of other great stuff too
everything fresh and delicious oriental surf and turf on a weekends New York stripstake made
order at the gourmet center that's the sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak shrimp
chicken seafood hand-car primer but it is the bestest is the Emerald Coast buffet promote
healthy living too because they don't use any crap there is no cholesterol clogging oil to clog
up your veins there is no MSG no cornstarch no garbage there but they features a full salad bar
new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster
thermators and lobster bisque one requirement at the Emerald Coast bring along a crowbar so you
can shovel it in your pants and make a little room for dessert because the dessert bar is out of
this world pies cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings fresh fruit even be
having watermelon it's a perfect ending to an unforgettable pig out of feast don't forget they
have three Emerald Coast locations for you sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street Collins Avenue
just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and at the intersection of flamingo and pepper crods in
Pembroke Pines they accept reservations take on delivery always available as well
call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 be sure and tell them that's Skippy told you to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3
8 22 check out the New Oriental Chicken Salad 2 along with the dozens and dozens of other great
goodies at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
I don't believe the kind of leave the different movie
with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart
I don't believe the kind of leader what you be doing
it's the opacious like that token schwarzer doll
oh
you
I don't
believe
you
he trust you
you
you
oh
there
what
the
they tell you
don't
don't leave
I'm marketing
you know you don't look good anymore
that
they
you
you
oh
they
the
the
the
showing
you
a
and
after
going to take the rest
time at one
sc
it
This goes on every time there's some kind of a stupid championship game and if
punks in one city they get on the phone they find out where the sports shows
are on the other market and they call in and they start and we're gonna kick you
at yeah if I was you I'd be anonymous okay especially like around after midnight
tonight what time is that game start that's right it's in tempi yeah like after
midnight tonight you idiots here's the definitive facts that outs George
wants in for all it says hi Neil why do you were gone all George talked about
was the Lord of the Rings and look at Carlos laughing his ass off because he
knows it's true he was undermining the emperor see we're just taking that
pull to that guess for fun because after what he's done in this last year do
really think that there's any and after I excoriated you yesterday about not
even speaking to him do you think that there's any chance that just because
he mentions my name that I'm gonna like humiliating degrade myself and bring
him down to that level you really believe that yeah but what if he does it again
scrum as they used to say on a TV show the FBI FM Zimbola's junior or FM and you
two up there Columbus Ohio okay I guess they got nothing better to do what
else would you do in Columbus Ohio sit around playing Pinochle playing with
each other that's what they're doing they got I guess they got exhausted from
the pocket pool match and other like Colin talk shows we're gonna kick your ass
call up the man dog between one and three see how long he has you on love you
I'm for like a heartbeat he's still busy trying to figure out what happened in
the fourth quarter last Sunday's dolphins Patriots game I can't believe that I
haven't played this yet haven't played it yet two days because never did it fit
in a stench of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphin absolutely
correct yeah that's what he said he was pretty upset put 10 years on him okay
hey nor tournament day one said you guys better apologize to the mad dog
because he really takes it serious that's his life or least part of it and he
really really it just aged him many many years and he's just not the same guy
not the same mad dog least in no one love no wonder he ignores us okay he's
wounded he's like crawling into a shell and even lashed out at his partner
moe yesterday was now that the seasons over 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 did you
notice that all season long when he knew he had another game coming up that
to work together mad dog was kind of like like that you know didn't want to say
too much but not that the season is over and it got several months before they
have to like be cohorts again it's like jamandage I am a pussy goes right out
the window for a while here's a lady in west that our first lady of the day
hello hi me yes ma'am you know you don't have to explain icing to people anymore
oh yeah I sure do yeah what happened to her that that was our one lady and she
liked it I guess that was her material I was it no that was a cut off what do
me by that like her phone died she changed cells and never came back how do you
know that just the sound of it well let's let's find out if that was never you
didn't get cut off call me back because I'm sure she must have some some
tremendous stuff to say that's what George said I think you could be wrong maybe
she's going through that tunnel she could be going through the tunnel right now
maybe she's going over the George Washington bridge with the bridge tender 5 6 7 0 5
60 calm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line I'll tell you he sure has lasted you
know the bridge tender he's got the same kind of longevity that I've got in this
market not as much as Rick Shaw that I hear you picked on while I was gone you said
admit it at this store don't be doing stories about our friends if people we like
kill people we don't care that's right I just I mentioned Bob so per before we
don't hold that against him was an accident now Rick Sanchez we do hold it
against because we don't like him we're not like we're not like Ron and Paul
who are busy sucking everybody's ass and yeah I did hear about that remember
that they had that facts up and run on you notice what I did I ignored it today
they had OJ on her show like we're gonna we're gonna start promoting the
Ron and Paul show so you can hear all of our material again the next day
because they had that scumbag I say if it's in perfect on that show with Paul
and young Ron or young whatever the hell it is young Paul and old Ron no matter
which way you put it that station blows man and it just brings a tear to my eye to
think how great that thing used to be back in the good old days when Zeta was
like a real station right and then big after Howard goes up then they call it
like classic rock the rest look what kind of crap is that classic crock is more
like it they don't play classic rock there is no rock station is market anymore
just remember the day that I did the thing of course you do about the bands the
best the greatest all time of American band and I played a whole bunch of great
stuff Erosmith and Chicago and the doors where do you hear that here what
station plays any of that VH1 no seriously what station on the F and dial plays
that music here none so even the music that I want to hear you can't find it
and you know magic they're still playing the 1910 fruit gum company they're
still playing a same old crap and and the righteous brothers I get back in
a town I get in my car and the first thing I hear is a medley of Billy
medley and Bobby Hatfield on magic and they're promoting some concert they got
sure what he's got nothing to do with that who the hell would want to pay to go
see the freaking goddamn righteous brothers that we heard those songs until we
wanted to puke you never oh my god you lost that love and you lost that living
feeling when you hear their voices overplayed as an understatement my guy
brother have sex with Christina Aguilera then hear them again and I'd rather
croak than even be the same room with her I forgot that's right love you guys
like mousey broads cheese a mouse if you want to get a date with her just put a
piece of cheese down there at the door she'll be there in a half an hour I got
some cheese no yeah I'm sure you do that's what we heard that's the word is that's
what Carlos said I was this at St. Lady calling back I hope hello I'm sorry what
happening your phone must be a piece of crap no it's western you cannot get a
signal in western always in the legal to make a cell phone call in western along
with everything else yeah but farting is legal now good there's one point
don't get caught uh-huh as long as it's the right flavor George was great was he
yes I heard all they talked about was Lord of the Rings no you know the best day
was when studs was on now what did they talk about well they started out oh
hi George could I tell them yeah whatever and I don't don't ask his permission
don't be such a pussy okay well it's really good and they were talking about
the old days and I was getting misty and choked up and it was just like a
trip down memory lane right and then some naked girl came in and ruined it all
high boy brought a stripper oh you know you know you're the one that gets on
your ribs run and run for the crap that they used to do on a morning show on
I'll be it's high boy it's a fat tub of crap you know something I think what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna swap most hair piece I'm not taking mold back but I'm
gonna take most hair piece for the new year and just get rid of fat boy I'm
writing him off for the new year I've had it with him I've never seen him but I
I don't want to if you ever saw him you would look at that and say how can
that thing be alive and believe me it's a mystery we still haven't solved another
thing I want to tell you but you already decided not to make up with mo well I
mean I haven't said that official but I think it's highly unlikely well just
it that what he did this morning doesn't make up for all of course not though it's
it's a but it did have the effect he probably intended net is to catch us off
balance he I'll admit that he certainly shocked the crap out of me me too and
and get you talking about in the rest of the good well we got to goose up those
lame ass numbers they is so we're doing the best we can and I make a simple
request sure since the dolphins choked and died could you play the KJ dolphin
song I've never heard it on the cake I think it's the good tarman when you're
talking no no KJ that one he just sent it this year this season he does what's
it called oh well I'll tell you about while while you're we're thinking about
that we'll play this one in the meantime okay okay have a great new year you
bye bye I am the as the dolphins a good old choking
chieb yes but but the little kicks them dolphin but it was like a bad wet dream
I lost my shirt I lost my mind now I'm in crow oh oh here's another version of a
song that really blows yes there's a cut the place
dolphins cut the high
dolphins cut the high
dolphins where's my gun yes
yes there's a cut the place
dolphins cut the high
dolphins oh cut the place made that number one yes oh right love a 31 that'll have to do for
not the KJ has a dolphin song yeah that we played it once what that was it was
called well well for maybe he'll call him tell you if he's listening I doubt
he's probably running around the block with his little daughter he carries around his
little girl like she's a prop you know anyway here's a fact this is I know this is
off the subject if there is any there's never a subject on his show it's
whatever you want to talk about that's why so frustrating to all of us here
that we have to beg and plead to get you to open up a muffin say anything
whether it's intelligence stupid or in between or moronic or idiotic it's called
the dolphin's fight song oh but what they'll happen to LSD as this uh
factor maybe George knows but I miss it I theory is that the hype of ecstasy is
pushed it away I'd like to see Jesus again it says anonymous none in North Miami
which reminds me whatever happened to the ex none remember her right what
happened I don't know maybe she's an ex-resident what is it called dolphins
fight song now what's that dolphin alarm what is that I don't know I we might have
no better move I'm your football player don't you make a sound I'm just gonna
rape your wife and leave quietly don't let this happen to you today's national
football league crackhead athletes are above the law protect your family from the
horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home with the new Miami dolphin home alarm system
I never met a criminal I didn't lack and if they can catch the ball or run with the ball while
there's something special take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where
find God and the wife named Tyrone the Miami dolphin home alarm system see your local crack
people for the jails
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team here take flub the ball from goal to goal
like no one's ever seen there on the ground that's where they'll stay they're never in control
and when you say Miami you're talking toilet folders there the Miami dolphin
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose
they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
put them day in their jacks then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the
stadium we'll see Miami and then there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league? 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins
that seem that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans
just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands they watch the game and all they do is mown and gripe
and bitch I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have to feedler that quarter backs at you run down the field and he will flow
a pass over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised
when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
82 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Jake calls his signals in Hebrew
oh
the dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke like George Bush eating pretzels
you know they're gonna choke they'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
with fewer points than pock marks on high zingas ugly face and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number oh what the hell 32
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now they're through
uh
I've broke into her bedroom window
and five am to Jyff Mauiick
the one i did i do was cripple
But that ain't no to do, is you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
That another bitch was someone else's wife.
Oh, hey, a survey of them was being made healthy.
And I found out when it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her own lips.
And that's the best part of me.
No, no, no.
I figured we'd put that in there to round it out.
Thanks again, Hudson and Wayne Arnold.
He's been bigger.
And he said he's getting old.
He said, well, he's a fat guy and we love him.
And he said, George makes you sound like Charlton Hestonies.
The faggy-sounding voice on the dial.
He said, you sound like a pansy.
What's that all about?
Something that does.
I think it's from the heart.
Because when you're in South Florida, they hate right from the heart.
It's not half-ass.
When they hate, they hate like with real sincerity.
Like we hate Ohio State.
In fact, that sounds like it's got like a nice rhyme to it, yeah?
We hate Ohio State.
And they're not so great.
And if they're smart, they'll show up late.
Like in about the middle of the fourth quarter,
when it'll be 42,000 nothing for the canes,
let's go coons, baby.
I'm getting me a whole hurricane outfit.
But that's how good?
I went to the beastly hook me up with that.
I'm starting to root for the coons.
I mean, after I did you have him baseball on the air for six years,
I was great if I see so myself.
I was sensational.
They used to love me in those days.
There's some shirts back there.
Get some, get some Hurricane Perfidate, man.
I'm on a bandwagon.
I never thought that could happen.
But you Ohio State Buckeyes, man, like I say,
pluck the Buckeyes, you guys suck.
Calling up this station, starting at Simus Up there,
when you don't even know what the other station's all about,
what the show is all about, what life is all about,
you're a bunch of punks.
In fact, maybe on a call of Archleaster,
you can make a bet on the game tonight, okay?
Maybe Arch still taking the odds on it.
Did he die or something Archleaster,
or did he go back to jail, something with him?
Well, there's a huge U of M t-shirt.
What is that?
Is that Al Goldstein's or Fat Boys?
What is that size?
XXXXXL?
Stregular old XL.
Good God.
Yeah, I'll take it.
I'll take any U of M Perfidate.
I'm become...
Now, the dolphins forget about that.
They didn't go to happen.
I love my Patriots.
Because the dolphin people just...
They turned me off.
Not the team so much.
Although I will say back in the IOD days,
remember we all used to scream and complain about getting into that stadium
in a way that we're like a bunch of Nazis there?
Because of Wayne?
What is it?
I'm asleep.
It's got a tiny right there.
What does it say on the sleeve?
You would.
It says,
National Champions 2001 to whatever it says here.
We love the canes on a show.
Oh!
The words are even coming out easy.
I can't believe it.
I thought it'd be ganging on those words if they ever came out of my mouth.
But because Ohio State had two set-up calls here today from Columbus,
a couple of real losers if we ever heard them.
Three if you count the ones that's on line four.
Oh, there's another asshole on there now from Columbus Ohio.
Hello, Buckeye line.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, we're not all assholes up here.
Good.
Thank God for that.
Where are you from?
I'm from Columbus.
You're from Columbus?
Yes.
How about those straight jackets?
I mean, yellow jackets.
The red jackets.
The red jackets.
Oh, you mean the blue jackets?
The blue jackets.
I'm sorry.
Colorblind.
That's my good buddy Doug McLean.
And Ray, you're lucky.
You got Ray Whitney and Mike Sons.
You got him from Usman.
You stole all those guys.
Yeah, Doug used to be down there too.
Doug is great.
Good guy.
Good friend of mine, by the way.
Yeah.
He's a big Buckeye fan, too.
Is he really?
Yeah.
He's easy.
I love Doug.
You've done a big kiss for me.
If I give Ray Whitney a big kiss for me, I try to be a Kipper in her way.
Hey, you really think it's going to be lost, right?
You don't?
Now, be honest with me.
I understand that when you're a fan, you know, you always have a jaded view and you're
hoping for the best.
But don't you realize, I mean, take a look at your quarterback, for example.
Yeah.
Is he like a competitive, whether it can Dorsey?
Is he like going to be able to compete in that game tonight?
Wait, he doesn't have his experience.
He's marginally.
Wouldn't you agree that he is marginal at best and embarrassing at worst?
No, not at all.
Okay.
So what's your prediction on a final score tonight?
I mean, he's ugly.
He is ugly.
I'm saying he's ugly.
Yeah, he's got a bad haircut.
He's a red hat.
Hey, there's more like, I mean, Ken.
Did I say Lee Lee Dorsey, remember him?
Anyway, what's the prediction on the score?
Well, it's going to be, if it's in the 20s, we'll win.
A high state of win.
If it's in the 200s?
We can't be in the 20s.
Yeah.
That's what I think.
Final score, Miami 52, Ohio State 9.
They haven't played a defense like ours.
Well, we'll see.
They haven't scored 52 on.
Let's see, Piper High, I think.
Good luck, you pal.
Good luck, you have a good luck.
I'll see you at the United States Friday Association.
No.
Let's see how to dug in to all my buddies.
Okay.
Go Bluejack.
I like to Bluejack.
It's got a good exciting team.
They got a lot of good-looking young guys on that team too.
David Viborny.
Somebody please tell my friend Mike Lang that his name is Viborny, not Viborny.
I was watching that game against the penguins when Whitney and soldier were kicking ass the other night.
And at Rusty Klessla, that great defenseman.
Well, is that kid look good?
I can play.
I'll tell you, see, it's one thing when you look good.
And you can look good in play too, like Ray Whitney or Tom Brady or Rusty Klessla or David Viborny.
No more crap?
Huh?
No, I already love people.
Well, I'll be eating while I'm trying to like eat here.
I'm counting on you to fill the gap.
Well, I've kids sound it okay, huh?
He sounded like a reasonable Ohio State.
He's having fun with it.
Not a prick like those other guys.
Thanks a lot, pal.
We appreciate your, whatever, whatever it was.
Let's see if I see it's a hockey fan.
See, the hockey people are the good people.
And that's the problem with South Florida.
There are very few hockey people that are so few good people.
Because anybody comes on a year and says hockey sucks.
He's an asshole.
That's right.
I don't want to mention no names.
How's the poll coming?
201 votes.
What's your needle regarding mode during 2003?
Steele is hair piece, 87, 43.2%.
We should probably put another category on there.
Rip him some mole.
Wouldn't that have been cute?
Yeah, let's put that on there.
Eric, if you're listening, if not, we understand.
Because we're eating two.
Rip him some mole, I think, would be a nice category.
Anyway, Steele is hair piece, 87.
Stick by his guns, ignore him, 65.
Kiss him, make up, 27.
Make peace, 22.
You're ripping some mole, fills a void on that poll.
There's not one that, you know what I'm saying?
For an ongoing slice job.
For my good, close, personal buddy with a bad hair piece.
And they hurried his Viracose veins.
Anybody in Columbus know how our David?
No.
You're lucky.
We like him here, though, because he's, you know, he's fun, old guy.
We like picking on old people down here.
He's a fun guy.
He's a fun, old guy.
Underline the old part.
Sixty plus he's an old New York Jew.
Right up Georgia's alley.
He hates New York and he hates Jews.
Sixty to no, when you just relax for Christ's sake,
if you want me to put stop payment on that checker,
what would I say?
Do you know how fast I can be out of full with my watch over
your money bank?
And did I mention, I never even mention that story
about how they screwed up my account.
Watch over your bank sucks, I should mention that.
You suck.
They used to be, remember my good friend Matt Korshaw,
family bank, and they're going to take care of your personal.
I love you, Matt.
We miss you badly.
I bet you don't have a hair left in this head.
He had a big ball spot.
He was a good guy.
A good-looking guy too.
Got married though.
But anyway, that was family bank,
and then it was Republic Security Bank,
and then it was something else,
and then it was watch over your money bank.
Jesus, they make me almost as psychotic as Mitch Hirsch.
Anybody remember Mitch Hirsch?
Look at that nice yellow t-shirt that McGill has got on.
And that interesting, that Canary yellow t-shirt,
kind of like fits with his whole ambience, something about it.
Hey, I'll tell you guys, it's so colorful,
and that's my good buddy Tom Layman down there,
and Halal Pontiac GMC, and his Paisan sales manager, Joe Prieto,
want to wish all of our listeners a very happy new year,
and they say that from the heart, and they also want your money.
And Halal, check out the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on voice.
On voice, Excel's, Yukon, Yukon Excel's,
like it says on a surrogate t-shirt, XXL, and Denali's.
That's right, nobody's got a bigger selection of these great cars,
and vehicles than Halal.
Halal's also got an unbeatable selection of great pre-owned cars,
trucks and SUVs without a single limit on the lot,
and if they turn you down for credit at some other horse ball car dealer,
have no fear because Halal is here, they'll cut your deal.
So for the best selection and best prices on GMC SUVs,
Neil Deals and lots more, see our good Paisans at Halal Pontiac GMC,
134-1 South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across from the falls,
they, by the way, guarantee the Hurricanes a window night.
Open seven days a week.
What are you smoking about?
Tom Layman guarantees that Canes will kick Ohio State Buckeye-S.
They will be oozing bloody excrement from their butts when that game is over tonight.
They'll have bloody diarrhea for a month.
For more information called the Neil Deals Hotline,
that's on the cars not on the US, call 1-885-344-211.
1-885-344-211, don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil Deals,
because you'll save even more just for having the balls to mention my name.
Halal Pontiac GMC, who continued to say during 2003,
we be professional grades.
This is sports 20 or 5-6.
You way up.
At two sets of lifts.
Oi!
You luck yourself on your way to the North.
They luck themselves on your way to the North.
We didn't take that.
I think we should start that over again.
I gotta put that on here because if they're still listening,
they can turn them on and come back and bring more food.
We're making pawns off.
Back in the day when someone done a strong,
we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs dropped their bonds,
we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cars, our little flags wave.
As that's on, he'll love and recharge.
Points of honor, the wrong way.
And oven barrows to be in Americans,
where they follow books like sheath.
The United States of arrogance,
and by push and its enemy,
we they got this country.
Up, up, and the legors,
the darkest days and the darkest degrees.
I don't want to be a tax-american,
in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the mess.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
How do you spell that?
And anyone who says that, obviously,
ends up forward to the east.
And oven barrows to be in America,
where we take triage at least.
Wave a flag in one hand,
with our head in the sand,
and lightly follow the powers
that P, apathetic.
Up, up, washing stint from news,
on a 65 inch screen.
Back up, scratcher balls and fired.
Everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Oh, it's America.
Okay, it's 11.51.65.
We got the Mad Dog gym manager
from a great dolphin tight end.
He's got a ring, baby.
He's got one of them super-rules rings on his thing.
I just mentioned that for those Columbus State punks.
Can you believe that?
Did I say Columbus State might as well be?
Then that's how I'm like a girl school Columbus State.
Can you believe they're listening?
And you know something probably be good from them.
They'll find out what a real radio show is all about.
They don't got this in Columbus, so Ohio, I'll guarantee you that.
Do they?
Don't know.
What kind of, what are you talking about?
Do you think they got great talk radio in Columbus, Ohio?
Hey, I wouldn't be surprised.
They think they got a guy that says asshole on radio in Columbus, Ohio?
Because if he did say it, they probably all say, yeah, they probably answered to it.
You know what I mean?
That's bad.
We love you Columbus.
See, we're not going to play that game.
Actually, it's not a bad little town Columbus, Ohio.
It's got like, not such a little town either.
There's like 3 million people with them about a two block radius.
No, what?
They've been there since an addy.
Now, since an addy, and it's not Columbus, they're sucks.
Ah, they both suck.
Cleveland, there's no white people there.
You out of your mind?
Cleveland is like just overtown, spread out over a big gigantic thing on a lake there with a lot of snow and crap.
I saw some wall-light white people driving through there.
In fact, I think that a lot of southern blacks that got like lost, they all got sent to Cleveland as punishment for being in a wrong hood.
I'm just trying to eat lunch here in my own business, okay?
221 votes on the mole pool.
Rippem's mole has already got four votes.
I'll get some votes.
Steele is here, piece 95.
Stick by his guns, ignore him, Neil should, 71.
Kiss and make up 29.
Make piece 22 and rip him some mole for.
Nice going, Eric.
Thank you.
I don't believe any of that stuff George has about you.
Don't forget to join the big and the QA in prize patrol tonight starting at 4 this afternoon.
I'm going to be a pilot, Hooligans in the day of my own puzzle for the official QA and Keynes Fiesta Bowl watch party presented by Miller White.
See, I think I want to thank the assholes from Ohio State.
You want to know why?
White.
Because the Fiesta Bowl at the start of all of that crap, the Jimmy Johnson stuff was like 15 years ago, 1987.
And that was shameful.
And not only that, but then they lost the game.
Did they lose the game to Penn State that year?
See, what am I asking him? He knows nothing.
They lost the game to Penn State, 87.
That old Joe Paturno, Joe Pah.
And we're going to how did that come from after all of these years all of a sudden he's Joe Pah?
If he was coaching at your shiver would he be Joe Pah?
Oh, George were like Columbus for one reason, though they don't let any Jews in there.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Naples. Hello.
Hey, Neil, that guy had a call from Ohio State before. I'm a chair.
Yeah, I think that's what he was talking about.
Definitely, because I see a lot of people here in Naples for miles there at a little Ohio State Park now.
Are you kidding me?
I've got one.
Oh, how do you, how do you pressing?
I know. Well, you know, I got my case colors out and my jersey kind of everything out here.
Of course, the BFSU and the Gator fans are real quiet now.
I got my official QAM Perkkun's t-shirt, even though I'm not going to put it on because it would mess up my hair.
But I got it spread out in front of me right here.
Good to know you're not here and you want the canes again.
Go canes, baby.
All right, see how do you like that? That was easy.
I mean, it made it taken a long time, but see if I wouldn't have done it like overnight, it would have been insincere.
Do you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying quit the eating over there and pay attention to God to him.
Sure, I'll stop that check faster and you can say, a mosa douchebag.
The mosa silly old man with a bad, bad hair piece.
So I see Miguel is in there eating free food now too, huh?
All of our good friends stop by when we got free chowener.
Thanks again, and you know, we always say it and sound so trite and gratuitous on here,
which we don't like being trite and gratuitous.
We like telling it like it is and riff and ass on this show.
But every time that Wayne or Hudson from Wayne Arles Royal Castle brings this food, it's better than the last.
Am I right?
Indeed.
It is so goddamn good, it's enough to like have sex in it.
In fact, I'm looking at my, it looks like somebody already did.
Miguel.
I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about Miguel from passions.
What I actually was getting heavy, do you know what we got the weddings going on now, the two weddings anyway.
Luis and, uh, not Miguel.
Miguel's left the holding, he's holding it.
Luis and Antonio.
You watching that show?
You better start watching passions, man.
You want to, don't pay any attention to George.
I told you that if you want to get a head on his show, say screw him, okay?
Anytime he tells you something, you walk in the opposite direction, bad about that.
If he said go north, looks out.
And how you didn't, you hate that show.
I have never watched it to hate it.
Well, so how do I, how would you know anything about it?
You know, I think about passion.
Right, I don't.
Just because Luis, whatever's name is Miguel is hot and runs around with his shirt off all the time on that show.
No, we know what you like it.
That's right.
Hey, it's a damn good show.
Okay, there's plenty of other shows that there's lots of other soap operas that got hot young guys that are watching those.
No, I'm going to take a peek knowing it.
How's everybody JP doing, by the way?
Harry?
Yeah, he is.
Except that it's had.
I heard he's met a Harry and it's, I love it.
Remember that song by Barbara Streisand Stoney and we're going to do it about JP called Harry and.
And don't call Boca Brian and it's just a joke.
Just a joke.
God, you were that crazy nitwood you got from the 50s.
When he started talking about the life of Raleigh yesterday, I had a run out of here.
Yeah.
See, people think I make that stuff up.
This is a, we love him.
He's creative.
He's a panic.
He's funny as hell.
But he is mentally stuck in the 1950s and early 60s.
He's a walking time capsule.
Yeah.
He's like with James Deer in here.
He's caught in the time time or whatever the hell that stupid movie was.
Three minutes before.
Now, what's the judge doing here?
This is the Danielle.
Remember what the hell's the guy's name?
Third.
To determine what the jury's decision was contrary to law or the evidence that was presented.
I know that.
David Westerfield.
I think it was kind of David Copp.
He stayed on the record the four little Danielle.
I am making.
Why is that, John?
I am making.
No pussy footing around, baby.
And try his ass.
To direct.
And don't forget to look on our website for that story from CTV about the pot charged me through on it against that 16 year old kid.
And Windsor Ontario and Canada's one step closer to decriminalizing pot.
This motion is to re-way independently the evidence of aggravating and mitigating evidence.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Nice and motion.
It's a term.
Whether in my judgment, the weight of the evidence supports the jury's verdict.
The court in this circumstance must only consider the evidence that was properly presented to the jury.
So even though I've heard a lot of material over the months preceding the trial, the fact that you backed your obviating effects working you again.
I mean, cut the clothes, baby.
You have to have a bad new year.
And that which the jury heard.
The court under this circumstance must not allow the presentation of additional evidence nor allow victim impact statements nor review any probation reports, all of which this court has not done.
Yeah.
In addition to that, the court may not contrast this case with other cases in which this court has imposed the sentence of death.
Yeah.
With this overview, the court will now recite its reasons as required by law as to the motion brought.
Please, but do it sometime fast.
This court has independently considered all of the evidence presented at the trial.
We've got lots of time, Judge.
Any arguments of counsel?
It is not the court's intention to list every item of evidence and all arguments presented that were considered by the court.
F&A.
For the purpose of stating the court's reasoning, this will be a recital of the principal factors that most powerfully informed and influenced the decision at hand.
The circumstances of the crime and the special circumstances, the circumstances of this case and this crime.
Why has asked you, Judge, my heavily in favor of the whole of the jury's verdict of death?
The victim, Danielle Van Dam, age seven, was taken out of her home.
I know.
I already said that at the bottom of the screen, Judge denies motion to dismiss.
What the hell am I putting this on here for?
He's just going through all of the verbiage of it.
The justification.
Find a way.
I guess you guys up there in Columbus, Ohio, and have never heard a radio show where they say asshole on air, huh?
Look in the mirror.
You'll understand what we're talking about.
Final score, University of Miami, Huracun's, 46, and what is it?
Ohio State.
I want to keep calling them Columbus State.
Ohio State Buck Eyes.
Unbelievable.
Zero.
622,000 to Zip to Zilch.
I wouldn't voice my time to show it up there if I was you guys.
All the way up there in 10p.
And I'm really glad if you're such big, gung-hole fans.
How come you're not out there in Arizona, you assholes?
You're shooting up three netting textbooks.
In fact, I guarantee you that if there's one group of guys that the University of Miami football team has read more textbooks, then it's the whole campus there at Ohio State.
And they got crappy uniforms too, okay?
Put some color into it, all right?
Jesus, it looks like they're faded.
Like they can't afford new uniforms.
Don't they?
Are uniforms like crappy?
They're awful old, like white and gray and dank.
Brains back memories of Archleaster just punching his brains out.
I wonder who's betting on the other team.
Minute after noon at 5.60 W.Q.A.M., hey, if you're tired of paying for even making dinner, then come out to Pompo-Doh Park this coming Monday, January 6th, and get a free spaghetti dinner.
Let me say it again, a free spaghetti dinner is back this Monday, January 6th at Pompo-Doh Park.
With every Pompo-Doh Park program purchased after 6 p.m. this Monday, you get a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner on the 4th floor players lounge.
You get a salad, rolls, and butter, and a plate of pasta with marinara sauce.
And if you don't want the program, you can still purchase a coupon for just 2.5 bucks.
Life doesn't get much better than that, especially down here in Iskot for a second place.
Free parking, free admission, great racing, and free spaghetti dinner.
This Monday, only January 6th, and again, welcome to a Brian series of the Ryver colony.
I sure hope you stick around, Brian.
Is he great or what?
Yes.
Love your Brian. And Mickey McDickle, nice going, Eric Mickey.
Can't believe it. You don't even finish 4th anymore.
Monday, Bandus is back at Pompo-Doh Park with a $2 for $25 full-course dinner at the lavish top of the park.
Restaurant every Monday night.
And of course, Monday night at Pompo-Doh Park is Dollar Night with draft beer, hot dogs, sodas,
and lots more only a bucket piece every Wednesday.
Pompo-Doh Park, free general parking, free admission, every day a night for live racing.
And of course, I'm all casting every day of your life starting at noon all the way till midnight,
with harness and the high-lie and thoroughbred racing from all around the country.
Post-time 7-15 for live racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, like tonight at Pompo-Doh Park.
My and local outta here sports radio 560CU-A-M.
Fairlar, it'd be the 12th of the 1 hour on WQ-A-M.
Welcome.
Hi kids, y'all like cutting little sneakers?
That funny little sound that comes right out is finkin'.
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo?
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked,
You'll mad you past kids?
Yeah, I'll know.
And what do I smell as?
Man you low-play.
Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like butt ripping gasses and tootsin' was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I put my jeans off and fought it so hard that you turn my underwear backwards like Chris Crawler.
And every night I'm like, oh dinner's last, then it's one at my ass fast so the fat makes you a-too-fast.
Smell this honey, you'll be the way to man's for girl cause I don't give a f-
God said me to stink the world up.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
Welcome.
My anus, my anus, my anus, my anus.
Well, I ain't got a seat to wander me kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was, something croned up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club, my intestines were filled up.
Moves the bartender, took a dozen of tip-cups.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuckin' guard.
She lifted a leg up, and I knew she was a fodder.
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got more gas than I do.
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper.
They could record about strange noises made on the crap.
You know you will endure when the women rush to leave.
You drive to hold it back, but you must even relieve.
The sky of white castle center was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the kids off and the boo.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
So I've mocked this game in breathlessly here with a bullet.
And at the 441 kind of, I'm ready to load it all back up.
Because the starting gate, the horse starting gate, I guess from Gulfstream.
Yes.
Throw off in his block in a highway there.
441 in Karmelheim Road.
Thanks for the warning Greg.
Boy, that Greg out to this.
He have a lot of input in the show or what?
Without him we could never have done this.
Get a haircut Greg, okay?
Even John Jarrett said you look like a goofball.
He said that what's his name?
Had it right.
What tells his name?
Our good close personal friend.
Our engineering friend.
Bob Vermuth, that's right.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Well, if you could have heard those stories that that dinner and Amsterdam,
that night it would have made new hair grow in places where it's illegal.
But he told me that story about the whole beastly family
crawling up that tree with a kid with a banjo.
I mean, that was just amazing.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Even John Jarrett is eating winarels today, huh?
Everybody came in to see us.
This is good today.
Great.
Eat a couple of Neely burgers.
I'm sitting here eating mine without the bread.
And wouldn't you think since Troy Stratford was in your 40 times today?
And our other close personal friend, Troy, from Balance For Life.
Wouldn't you think since he's kind enough to get me back on that program again,
he would fax me the sheets so I can fill them out or something like that?
So I can choose, pick and choose.
See, he's afraid now that Jeff Cohen taught me the secret of that to pick,
like, you know, ten of the same thing that's something that you like as opposed to the Babagan-Ush.
Things like that.
So he's a...
Now, we got another call from Columbus, another Buckeye.
Hello.
You guys, sir.
Yeah, huh?
Suck this.
Man, that wasn't from Columbus, anyway.
I was very sad.
So we apologize for that audio Buckeye people up there.
We have a lot of morons down here.
He said something about his busy sucking.
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I am a Buckeye, but I have a photo of us down here.
I'm from Cleveland, Ohio.
There are white people there, believe it or not.
And Cleveland is a beautiful city.
I haven't been there in a coonsage.
Well, I was over there last time with my wife, and it was great.
Down, down, and by the stadium, everything to flat.
I used to call them a stick by the lake, but now they've turned around.
It's beautiful.
Well, good for them.
Anyway, my prediction...
Always like that little dentist, Cassinets.
Was he the mayor there?
The mayor?
Mm-hmm.
I have no idea what he was saying.
What ever the mayor had.
But anyway, my prediction for the game is...
Okay, good.
Five sticks that we don't want.
They call up the sports nerd shows and make predictions on the game.
Okay, we don't do that on the show.
This is not a sports show.
By the way, here's my prediction for the game.
What is with this?
Oh, they're spastic today, you notice?
It's either feast or fanat on this phone.
We have four million open lines in an hour to kill.
I guess they're upset because we're eating on the ear again.
Well, you know what?
Tough to the...
That's what we say.
Too bad.
We enjoy eating on the ear, especially when it's when our arms like this.
What's wrong after all of these months to be in a way and everything?
See that?
Excellent.
Outstanding.
242 votes on a poll.
What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003?
Steal his hairpiece 99.
Stick by his gun's Ignorum 73.
Kiss and make up 29.
Make piece 25 and rip him some mole, which was a late edition 16.
It's moving up the ladder.
Here's a lady in Davie.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I came to the rumor expert.
I've heard a couple rumors that suds die.
What are you talking about?
Suds was just on the show the other day.
Well, see, I've been on vacation for a while.
Yeah, okay.
Well, go drink and go have another one.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
And these people off their rocker are...
We apologize to the people on Columbus, by the way.
You sure got this town beat.
No matter what the final score of the game, life is more than a ball game.
See, this is...
You know, that's a very good point that's being made with us.
And that is that a lot of people in this town, with like that asshole that called Mad Dog,
are we blessed down here, Mad Jim, and all that crap?
Trying to make ball games into a substitute for like a real thriving and living place,
with living and breathing people under the age of 100, which this is not.
So I don't care if you have any wins by 74,000 points, which I hope tonight,
but the fact of the matter is that changes nothing.
And it's a crutch for the people here to hang on to because we got too many people like this last drunken bitch.
We have one call on the board.
If you start with that thing with a phone, I'm going to have a nervous breakdown.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60, and by the way, Carlos have a nice weekend.
Goodbye.
Let's get all these people out of here already.
Get out. Go away. See ya.
They just love to show so much they can't leave.
You know what? They can't get out of here.
See ya. Say goodbye.
Bye, Carlos.
Thanks for the Keynes T-shirt.
Go Keynes. Go away.
Man.
See, yesterday was like marvelous.
Marvelous.
There was nobody in the building.
And now today, and I thought I don't like a lot of the John Jerison's good guy.
We love Carlos.
But now it's turning into another guy named Parade in here.
And poor Georgia sitting in there feverishly tried to do his job at least for one day.
So I don't cancel a check.
And they're all like bugging him.
You know what?
He can't sit in there and like screen his tremendous number of calls were getting.
And do a justice to this program and pay attention to what I'm saying for the occasional verbal intercourse for the interplay.
Like Tom Jicke says, now that he's like an equal partner on the show.
He's not a little Tommy wrote.
Georgia's an equal partner on the show. Something like that.
I want to give you a kiss.
Yeah, that's for you, Tom. Right in your bald spot.
Do you know that Tom Jicke's got a fine-looking young son?
I'm a see-young. He's like 25, probably about 50 by now.
Yeah, he's got a good looking kid. I don't know what he does.
That's why Tom is nervous.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, welcome back. You were letting this bastard.
Thank you so much.
Hey, you were a relentless car.
Hey, could you do me a big, big fan?
Anything you want, man. I'm in the middle of it.
I know. I know. I know.
You're staying in lunch here. It's great.
It's time today.
I want you to play that Pete Rose bit.
The funniest.
Pete Rose bit.
Yeah.
That's one of the friendly discs. It's long and it's funny.
Okay.
It's so funny.
I'll find it for you.
Second to newest.
Yeah.
With the writing on the sleeve.
This one?
Yeah.
And what is it called?
It's one of the last tracks on there.
It's on the...
Dick Clark New Year's Eve?
No, that's the idea.
I just munged a white hot on the microphone here.
The other disc.
Oh.
With the writing on the back.
This one here?
Yeah. Let's see.
Nice tight sweater all the way at the end.
Sort of.
Oh, a sealigan rose.
That buttlight and Pete Rose.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't care how many take-oh-gonna-you-what grease ball-gum-bots come out of the woodwork.
I mean, either.
Okay. Let me cue that up.
What cut is that, George?
24?
It's cut 24.
We'll get to it momentarily.
Okay. Just relax.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Can you believe that?
I just held my finger on a button there and I turned it.
It looked like it was 24.
Wonderful.
We're taking four breaks for this hour, right?
We are?
Well, because you took like fewer.
You dropped a couple during the course of the show.
We're taking four breaks this hour?
My...
And look all this is for 205-60.
You way, you way.
Yeah.
What just happened?
That was a short break.
It was a 10 second spot and it was the end of it.
No, we're not done.
For time we want to apologize for Joseph Ganky.
Baseball Commissioner Bud Sillig is thinking about lifting.
Pete Rose is a lifetime band from baseball.
Here now is a conversation between the commissioner and Charlie Hussle.
Pete Rose.
Oh, oh, Pete.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I hope so. It's gonna be great. I'm just following up make sure you're doing the right thing. Do you clean your room? Yeah, yeah, yeah, clean the room. Take the garbage out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah...one co was holding on the 29th. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. same Squadn screaming... no international. you're like... yeah Juic was like... excited
That's cute little girl who I really like, but just looks like you're amazing
Oh, no, no, no, it's in TV.
It's TV. I'm watching the Matrix.
Let's talk to the TV now.
All right, all right, all right.
I want to make sure you're all cleaned up.
You know, I want to get you in.
Hello?
All right, I want to get you in the hall, please.
Oh, but I'm bleeding.
I'm blood.
Hello?
But what's happening?
Love you.
What?
Nothing.
I want to get you in the hall, you know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I want to get in the hall too.
Do you like love to me?
What?
Never mind.
Oh, I understand.
One thousand dollars on the Cowboys against the Giants.
Oh, no!
No, no!
What?
Oh, no!
There's everyone saying, what's that?
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, I'm bleeding!
Oh, I'm bleeding!
There's a call!
Yeah, no!
It sounds like you're being pummeled over there.
Well?
No, no, no.
It's radio.
Radio.
I thought what's the Matrix on the TV?
No, I turned that down and I put up the radio.
But what's that?
It's that new series, satellite radio, you know, the one with the digital quality is really good.
I don't know.
I don't never work.
Stupid.
I love you.
What?
Nothing.
So, you're clean, you haven't been batting?
No, no!
I've been a batting mule, yo!
A long time.
A long time.
A long time.
You sure you're not getting beat up?
No, no, no!
You still have that hair?
I got the hair, but I'm not making any better some clean.
Nothing.
You're gorgeous.
What?
Nothing.
Oh.
I want to get in, you know.
Right, right, right.
Yes, no, I want to get in there too.
Well, we'll have a meeting.
All right.
All right.
You make favorite, don't call me back for like two or three days, all right?
What?
Just don't call me back.
I'm going to be away for a couple days.
I'll make love to me.
No, no, no, no!
Oh, oh!
Oh, oh!
Come on, come on!
Oh!
Oh, oh!
I'm coming back!
I'm coming back!
I'm coming back!
I'm coming back!
I don't want to go out here to get me made reference to the mule.
The mule-howard haircut?
I'm getting pounded.
Yeah.
That's why I want to hear it.
It was okay, killed some good time.
I think I'm finished with lunch.
I didn't eat all of it, but, you know, nothing's enough already.
There was enough in there for the Chinese army, for the North Korean army.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Hollywood, hello.
Come back.
Here's our last call, pop it all, hello.
What, yeah?
Yes, sir.
I, uh, didn't Janice make a call on this?
Beats me.
I think that's where he ended up, for real.
Huh.
I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
Yeah, I heard he spent some time in Columbus.
That's one of those things.
Now, one, now, one call of gratitude, but now we had the one guy.
For my, uh, jumping on a hurricane, not, I'm not a fan wagon jumper.
It's just that I'm finally, uh, throwing in my allegiance, not that they needed.
That's that'll make any difference.
And like I said, I'm keeping it a total perspective.
That a sports team winning the national championship doesn't make this any less
of a horse and buggy town than it is and always will be.
It changes nothing.
Here's Boka, hello.
Boka.
Yes, Neil, yes, sir.
Welcome back to Florida.
Thank you so much.
I've been waiting here to come back for one reason and I don't know if you know about this
and there's been very little publicity about it.
On December 17th, there was supposed to be approximately 50,000 people in the United States
that had taken their citizenship test to be sworn in.
Yeah.
Our friend in Washington, Mr. Bush, decided a week before that these 50,000 people
would not be sworn in the citizens, being investigated.
Well, he's the dictator.
So leave me alone.
Okay, I don't want to talk about politics today.
Okay, with his Mr. Bush this, we know what he is.
You can smell it.
Now, let's see.
It says if they win, will the folks from Columbus riot again?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
I should have congratulated those Bukais.
I know it was the rate riots that they had in burning the cars and carrying on in the streets
like a bunch of wild animals.
It's a tradition.
I don't think they have to worry about it this time, though.
Maybe they'll do it because they lose so bad.
It says why do educated, employed white people right when they win a ballgame.
Oh, this is WL and Del Rey.
They're reputing and asking.
Any reputing and asking yesterday?
Not WL.
WL and Del Rey, I think he took a shot at you, George.
It's the new, it's the new passing fancy.
And boy, the difficulty I've had in getting phone calls here today, it's pretty obvious that
you blew off about 80% of the audience.
They're going to take me six months to get them back.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Where's the enthusiasm?
Where's the excitement?
Even we got assholes calling from Columbus from Ohio State today.
And what are you people doing?
You got your finger up your ass as usual.
You guys have different Columbus, okay?
Just no matter what the score of the game tonight is, kiss your lucky stars and each other's ass that you're not here.
That's my best advice to you.
Just kiss the ground that you're not here.
Man, what a place.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Lady in Miami.
Miami Lakes?
Lady in Miami Lakes, yes.
That's me.
Okay.
All right.
I want to tell you something's going to make you happy.
Yeah.
You want to hear it?
I'm listening.
You like turtle ice cream.
And?
Nestle's turtle.
Yeah.
Okay.
Go to public.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, audio, AT&T.
Or is there anybody in this town who's not drunk today?
No.
Jesus Christ, all the women are drunk.
There you go, guys.
There's your signal.
Funny, but it looks human.
Grab it.
They're all drunk.
They're all just plastic out of their minds.
I don't want to know where Nestle is, turtle.
She's trying to kill me this bitch.
I don't want to know where to help her find it.
Like she's doing me a favor like that.
Women can bring me those damn smarties to the hockey games that I kept telling her.
Don't bring me those.
I'm addicted to sugar honey.
I'll eat them and it makes my head swim in my blood sugar six and I'm diabetic.
You can't bring in them and bring in them.
My good close lady friend from Toronto, eh?
I got some of my Arab connections up there looking for you, sweetheart.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Papa?
How you doing, sir?
How you doing, boy?
Okay.
Hey, happy new year to you, dear.
And to you.
You know you're my boy, dog.
I just want to say I love you, man.
That's all.
That could be the worst call we've ever had on this show.
And then it includes all of them.
It includes Eddie.
It includes everybody.
Even a bridge tender.
It's open idiotic.
Yeah, that could be the worst call, sir.
Mark that down.
Okay, mark it out of your sleeve.
A mark of extinction and distinction in your life.
Pathetic.
And you know something that the best calls we had today were from Columbus.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I just want to tell you I hope Miami wins, too, but for a different reason.
So you don't get all the same golf and fans wanting about Miami, too.
You know, have the same, anyway, whether they say, hey, I want to defend George also.
Yeah.
George did a fine job.
Let me ask you something.
If they lose the game that I which won't happen, but if Miami did by some chance lose the game,
you think that somebody will call Mad Dog on Monday and say, aren't we cursed down here, Mad Dog?
Aren't we cursed here, Jim?
To lose two clutch football games in a matter of days.
That that that could have been the most unbelievable call in the history of everybody's life.
Aren't we blessed down here, Jim?
Oh my God.
Get a life you pathetic jock-sniffing jackass you, man.
I'm not talking about the caller.
I'm talking about that other guy that called Mad Dog.
And of course, if Mad Dog would have had a big pair, which he doesn't anymore since Moe came to town,
but if he would have the big pair of you stab, he would have told a guy the same thing.
About what a silly ass he isn't.
It's only a bunch of ball games.
Are we blessed down here?
Yeah.
We're blessed with illegal aliens, with massive unemployment, with all kinds of slums,
with people who hate each other like poison, with all kinds of goddamn old people who hate life,
who want to chase anybody on the age of 500 out of their condo complex and out of town preferably,
as far away as possible.
But other net, aren't we blessed?
We loved a panther, that-
Come on, let's go.
What do you say, huh?
No.
Oh.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, welcome back to the level.
Here I am.
Hey, I was going down these hours, that's all there is to day, and I figured out they took out
a mega one of three five and put some slums there, putting on hip hop music.
You know anything, what's up with that?
Yeah, it's a one of three point five hip hop. Turn it on, you'll love it.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
All right, you first time calling, man.
You rock well, I want to tell you.
Yeah, you know, Moe is really brave talking about a craft about you when you were gone, huh?
Yeah.
And now that I'm back in the building, he's mentioned in my name, that's a good point.
Good point.
You know, it really talked a lot about how to craft when you're gone, but I'm not the big, you say, you know, when you're entitled to something.
Good point.
You know, you know, anyway, just want to say take care, happy new year, take care of dude.
Okay.
That's an excellent point, isn't it?
I don't think I'm back in time.
I don't think it's just a coincidence.
Does anybody out there believe it?
No.
No, but it was good talking about it though.
It killed some good time.
We enjoyed it.
We'll see what happens Monday, you know?
We'll see what happens Monday and on a clock and the big crossover.
Maybe you'll actually come in here.
We'll do a crossover.
What do you think?
No.
Over Georgia's dead body.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, man.
Happy holidays.
Same to you.
All right, buddy.
I can totally understand what you're saying about the crazies down here, man.
I'm driving right now and just the hate.
Everything that you're saying, how people are just inconsiderate, so much racial tension,
just tension in general.
I'm getting ready to get out of here and go into California for two weeks for some training for work.
I'm looking forward to it.
Good for you, man.
You're lucky.
I want to tell you one thing.
If it doesn't work out with you and Mr. Mohawad, I think you guys should have a boxing off.
Go to one of those amateur things.
You guys put on two sets of gloves and get to it because I don't think there's going to be a crossover like how you and Hank Goldberg used to do the crossover.
And then, you know, show me it up.
Yeah.
I don't think it could work with him.
And that guy's got too much big head and whatever else.
He probably got a real big head.
He's too big for the rest of us.
You're right, pal.
Have a good time out there. Watch out for all the faggots.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless lines, gym, manage.
Old number 88.
The old tight end.
We'll be along between one and three.
And don't forget to join the big, oh!
And the QM prize patrol tonight, starting at four PM at Hooligans in the day, land, Plaza.
For the official QM, Kane's Fiesta Bowl watch party, presented by Miller Light.
Final score tonight's game, the Fiesta Bowl will be University of Miami, Huracun's,
124,672, and Ohio State, Columbus State Bucka's.
Oh!
Zip.
That's our fearless prediction.
Here's Sport Lauderdale. Hello.
Kane, Kane.
West Palm Beach. Hello.
Get rid of the button. You have to follow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
I guess these people slept in or just getting around to it now.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
You.
Yes, sir.
A lot of cursing about George.
And let me tell you, you did a fine job.
He didn't only talk about Lord of the Rings.
He talked about a lot of different subjects and people.
Lord of the Rings and all of these things is what I'm hearing.
No, no, no, no, no, no, Bull, come on.
And he didn't talk about it.
I don't know what he talked about.
I wasn't listening.
What the hell do I care what he talked about?
All of you know what he's doing.
Right.
And he didn't just stay on the sex issue or in the girls' bowl.
He was very diversified.
Talked about it.
Did he do a little eating ass at least?
Yeah, I don't remember that one.
But it better felt good.
That was the problem.
All right, Neil, take care.
Thanks. Thanks for the spy report, pal.
There's a spy on you, George.
See now that the audience is finally coming back,
the words going around town.
We got Greg Reads.
Got the kids out there with a sandwich board.
Neils back on the ear.
So now that the audience is drifting back in by the ones
and the message is spreading from coast to coast,
they're cutting out, they're getting the word on George out.
All of these people, of course, didn't listen while you were on,
but are going to give chapter and verse to everything.
Now this last guy is a big fan of yours.
He likes you.
He wants you.
Badly.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Hi.
Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Hi, George.
Talked about Lord of the Rings and I loved every second of it.
Okay.
So let's speak out the pan...
Man, they played...
They played a fantastic game last night.
That was fun to watch.
I watched the whole thing.
Victor Coglov just playing fantastic and...
Yeah, what all happened with him last night on all of a sudden woke up.
That big Russian...
woke up last night.
Yeah, yeah.
He's banging and he's making great plays.
And it play hockey too.
Okay.
Yeah, but speaking of Columbus, you know, we can't...
We can't root for him too much because we get the first round of things next year.
So if there's as worse than us, we get to switch with him.
Are you talking about the straight jacket?
Don't worry about that.
We got like, let's see, 40.
We got nine points on him.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, well, as long as we just have to have a better record than that,
that's all we can switch to.
No sweat.
Okay, Goldief's go.
Here's the fact it says,
George,
less lord of the Rings and more eating ash.
He was sincerely quite laudedale.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Alright!
Hi, Scott, Eric White.
You notice he shaved off his mustache after you started talking about him eating ash?
I don't think he's more contact that.
I don't think exactly.
I don't think it was just a coincidence.
Well, Anne used to get upset.
She said it to burn, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon line,
1231 at QAM.
My, my, and loco.
This is 430560.
Two way, two way.
But there was David Westfield sentenced to death.
And the judge says he's got to pay $86,000 in restitution.
And he says he'd prefer if he paid before they gave him the gas.
Every member, this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
Anne Colter is a party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Under back with dark red.
Party girl slut.
Tomorrow this monster of the girl who wants to be a media home,
prefers it on top quiver.
You want more?
On this lady is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about Slambering.
Nobody knows for about Slambering out with a big scoop of mouth.
And he went to the left of Mangala.
Such a quick, christy girl.
You want to strangle her.
Fontyfogating who she's hating.
Political funded, Fontyfogating's from On the Floor and Massimating.
A Republican's canky home.
She's a better relishimote.
Making liberal a dirty word, you know?
In a many-sturch row in Cameldo.
Anne Colter knows what they can be.
In a many skirt that spells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order with a back alley look.
If you like your broad stallor, if you got the money, she'll spread those legs with a cigarette
and a sharp name.
Anne Colter and Colter, political funded.
The angel of the right energy's elated.
All right, 23 to 1 at 5.
60.
7 at 8.
298 votes.
Watch a deal regarding mode during 2003.
Steelers here, piece 105.
Stick by his guns, ignore him.
79.
Rip him some mo.
44.
That's moving up the ladder fast with a bullet.
Kiss and make up 37 and make piece 33.
And I look into promising.
A number of prominent anchors and cores.
And I'm thinking about this ball game tonight.
You know what my rea feelings are about it?
I went to Michigan State.
Briefly.
You see what I'm saying?
Who gives a flying crap?
Brela, when you come right down to it.
A number of prominent anchors and corespondents have been canned others are heading for the exits at CNN, including broadcast veteran Giroch Ugly.
CNN and Slaughter said.
And then it's got, let's see, Washington senior corespond in Brooks Jackson also was axed.
He was axed to leave.
San Francisco based anchor James Hattori.
CNN FN anchor Bruce Francis.
CNN financial senior news corespond Allen Dodds Frank.
And Miami based reporter Bald headed Mark Potter.
Miss Potter's been canned, given the old ax.
How do you like that?
And it goes on here about the moves that are laid aside of a shift at CNN under chairman Walter Isaacson away from the long think pieces.
And investigative reporting by veteran broadcasters.
Through its snappy live reports, marquee name anchors and younger reporters inside her safe.
Because they're under fierce pressure from Fox the fascist news channel.
That is toppled CNN in the ratings.
How do you like that?
So they're cave in in, man.
Wouldn't surprise me if they make Larry King stop wearing them suspenders.
Five, you know what I'm saying?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Don't be sure.
Found five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's a call in Davie. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Say, good to have you back.
Yeah.
I'm one of those losers.
I do like no one George is on the radio.
I put more to the other station.
But now you're back.
You know, you're slowly bringing everybody back.
It's good to hear your voice.
Take a couple of months.
I know.
I'm the first day I found out you're back.
I'm like, OK, I don't need to listen to the other station.
I don't enjoy some reason.
It doesn't do it for me.
Yeah, it's a little bit too low key.
Mumbles.
Low key, soft.
You know, you think you're like a little smaller or something.
Right.
Too much load of the rings and all of those things.
Hey, if you need me, I've got a problem.
It's just for eyes on them.
Maybe you could just give me a little advice real quick.
No.
56670560, pound, call up Dr. Laura.
pound 560 on a AT&T.
In fact, her mother, if she could have just gotten through, you know what?
She was trying to call her daughter for advice and the line was busy, busy, busy.
All of those months.
That thing about how she was like melted into the carpet.
That was really great.
Wow.
Her body was lying there.
Dr. Laura's mom.
So long that it like putrified and like melted into the carpet.
And they had to cut the carpet.
And they had to cut the carpeting away.
Oh my god.
How grotesque.
Almost as grotesque Dr. Laura herself, but not quite.
How about those heracles, baby?
Absolutely correct.
We're going to kick some ass, I really don't care.
But it pissed off those kids from Columbus.
Here's for a lot of Dale.
Hello.
Yeah, you're right.
You know, life is not about ball games, but it can make it really fun.
I was at Gillette Stadium last Sunday for the game and it was relatively lousy game up until the fourth quarter.
Right.
And then after that, when the Patriots won, then the stadium exploded.
When push came to shove, when you heard those choking gagging sounds from the offence sideline,
it was some of the worst called football they ended that game.
But anyway, life is not about football games, but it can make it enjoyable and can make it a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Also, I went to the Bruins game when they played against the San Jose.
They shocked me 15 to 2.
That was another great game.
Oh, you, that was the game in Boston?
Yeah, the one in the corner.
And you were the guy that was there.
No, it was a pretty good crowd because it was like a holiday crowd.
Oh, I see.
Because they're the after on flies because I don't understand that they're having a really good year
although they're going into a coma lately, but everybody's team goes through that.
Right.
But they got off to such a great start and they're holding it against the organization,
you know, for being so cheap all of these years.
When they finally got a really outstanding team, I don't get it.
Yeah, it's like a delayed reaction.
Yeah, they're doing pretty well, but I was playing really well too right now.
And, uh...
Ottawa, I was not playing.
Oh, and the saddest part of it is Ottawa is not only playing great.
They won 8-1 over Atlanta last night.
Mary and Jose had four goals.
But the franchise is on a verge of bankruptcy.
The owner can't pay the...
They're going to have to wait like two to three weeks to get paid like around here.
And he's desperate.
His financing deal fell through.
So here's the...
How does team at league and they got no money?
What does that say?
And what about Buffalo?
They're in the same sort of...
Buffalo is... Buffalo, I think, is going to be history.
I hate to say that, but they just have no cash.
The new owner is desperate.
Right.
Happy New Year now.
Same to you.
They can't drop flies there at Buffalo.
They got their new arena.
See, all of this business about Billis and New Arena.
And guess what?
It never pans out.
Like the Fleet Center in Boston.
Back in the old Boston Garden Man,
you could get maybe a single ticket here in there,
but it was a tough ticket to get.
And now that they built this Fleet Enema Center,
and you see all those obnoxious empty yellow seats,
always a good idea to make the seats yellow.
So that when nobody shows up, it looks really good.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You doing, buddy? How are you?
Great. Same to you.
Listen, I heard you earlier talking about O.J. Simpson.
And I just wanted to bring this gear attention.
You were talking about how much money that he made.
And he was making on all this stuff.
He was doing all this stuff.
Six figure.
Yeah.
I was over off a burden, about 97th Avenue,
and the Salvation Army.
And we were nosing around in there.
And guess who popped in there with his blonde girlfriend,
shopping?
Uh-huh.
Shopping at the Salvation Army.
Really?
All the money that he makes.
I guess he was looking for a whole lot of money.
Probably probably have no more runs to do with the dollar store.
Right?
Well, when you spend a lot of money on drugs,
you don't have much left over for important stuff.
That's it. Needed a new mattress.
Okay, so I had to pay the real Guerrero for us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on it.
He was cleared of all of these charges, by the way.
Just like when Michael came back from Sicily,
he had to be cleared against all those false charges.
Remember that?
That's right.
I think I had a white hot dude on my throat the wrong way.
Does that never happen?
See what I told you about him?
Let's take a call from a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Four-letter deal, yes, sir.
Is this Neil Rogers?
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yeah, I got a palm here.
My mom just called up about five minutes ago.
She's talking about some turtleneck screams.
She was real into it.
And you called her a bitch.
Yeah.
And what is that about, man?
She knows you're like turtleneck?
She knows I'm diabetic and I'm fattening it.
If I eat turtleneck, I'm going to die.
You know how to hear, okay?
I'm not going to die from eating turtleneck scream from your mom, okay?
And by the way, your mama.
Like Linda Blair would say, your mama so socks and hell, okay, get out of here.
How do you like that?
Now she's got to put her kid up to with a call back and defend her in temperate call.
That couldn't have been his mama.
She sounded about 92.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Grow up.
Will you people grow up?
It's a goddamn radio show.
Just grow up already.
That's one of my New Year's resolutions that I'm sticking to.
I'm not putting up with any of these emotional cripples during this coming year.
Get with it.
So she called that hang up on it.
As a matter of fact, it'll be a market distinction for the rest of her life.
You can tell all her friends if she finds any.
The neo-rodger's hung up on a racin' cotter a bitch.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
I do want to have a little comment about while you were away in George was doing the show.
Yeah.
There were several times, believe it or not, during the course of the show that he was putting together where he came up with some stuff that was interesting,
whether he was ranting and raving about somebody or he had a good point to make.
And every time I try to call in and get my two cents, I couldn't call in because, unlike you, George never, ever, ever, ever announced his phone number from the air.
That's such a hairy line.
You said you're full of crap.
I pumped the numbers till I was bleeding.
He said he was pumping it until it like split open.
Well, let me tell you, there were at least three different days.
There was one day that he was ragging on J-Lo like there was no tomorrow.
And I wanted to get a piece of that action.
And then there was another day he was talking about the Bible and all that.
I'll tell you what, next time George is on column up in Vitch about it.
He still knows the number.
Yeah, that's right.
How did he get through that?
Oh, that's because I give the number so much more often.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I didn't come on here today and say how did George do? We're not grading George yet. Until the rest of the audience comes back, the people who tuned about. Then we take that pool and we wave it in his face and say, hey, there you go, hot shot, they hate you or whatever. There's another guy that's just a who cares so we didn't give the numbers out and this guy calls me to like, bitch, you like, like a little child, like a little kid in a sandbox snitching on George, he didn't give the numbers out enough and he wanted to get a piece of that jail okay, we got a piece for you.
A big fat ass okay is what we got just like she's got. And what a shock about the fact that her marriage to Ben Affleck has fallen through. J. Lo and Ben blow up Valentine's Day wedding is off. Right here in a goddamn star at the bottom of the page of the same story is a picture of Ben with his buddy Matt Damon with his armor on his shoulders. And hey, dump that bitch. I'm here for you pal. He's the one that got in between him. He's the one that stuck his ass in between.
And so she may have the biggest ass but maybe Ben decided she don't have the best ass. You think that's what it is?
Because one thing about Ben Affleck, he knows his ass.
Hi there, local. This is Five City. Radio's all yours now.
QAN.
Oh, that's the rejoin. Oh, and we want to apologize for him too.
It's Friday, you bastard. No, the Affleck casting call.
All right, Tom Broca.
Abroca. Affleck. Again, Tom.
Affleck. One more time, Tom.
Affleck. I'm losing a second part. One more.
Affleck. Next. My Tyson.
My Tyson. Yes, my Tyson.
My Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll pay my face. Affleck. Again.
Again. Next.
Jesse Jackson. Affleck.
Affleck.
Jesse, I'm sorry, but the duck is white.
Next. Woody Allen.
Just nuts. I mean to duck the talks.
Stay to the script, Mr. Allen. It's crazy. It's insanity.
Great to lie, please. Why would a duck speak?
Next.
The great Sean Connery, sir.
Welcome, sir. Welcome.
Welcome, sir.
Just read the line, please.
Affleck.
Excuse me, sir. Again.
Affleck.
Sir, I'm sorry. That second part of the line, I don't.
I'm simply saying.
Affleck.
Next.
Oh, God. I guess we got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right. Give it to me, Gilbert.
Affleck.
One more time, Gilbert.
Affleck.
Well, Gilbert, I pretty much hate you.
And I think you're terrible, but you're the close thing we got.
You got the job.
You think you think Gilbert's got that like a
head or a nine wine that buzzes that's on it, like in his throat?
Yeah, that's Gilbert for you.
Oh, speaking of Gilbert.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
Here's a call. It'll be brief. It's from Haley.
Hello.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
No, I know it. Never got a real call from Haley in 27 years.
Here's a Daytona Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How can I follow such a call?
Amazing.
Hey, just a couple of quick things about bowl games.
Uh, a couple of things that bother me here.
Never one day orange bowl.
The fact that it isn't even played in the orange bowl anymore.
Doesn't that seem to bother anybody?
Or doesn't bother me because I, because nobody here cares about those teams anyway.
Hi, guys.
What about you people from USC and Iowa who are waiting for your planes to feel bad,
but go back where you came from.
We don't care about you.
Other net doesn't know the thing that picks me off.
How about all these uh,
corporate sponsors just like the Posititas?
Yeah, more nauseating.
Absolutely disgusting.
They pull in weed, whack, or uh,
and goose yourself.
Bull. I mean, who cares?
It's ridiculous.
Well, the good old days when it's just the, um,
the orange bowl or fiesta bowl, whatever.
I know that I noticed in one of the ball games,
they had like a corporate sponsorship on the 25 yard line.
Usually if there's going to be something that's like a, you know, midfield,
they hit some crap on the 25 yard line.
I don't know. How about the dolphins?
Maybe they should get in the sponsorship.
Maybe that help out next year.
Okay, pro player sounds good.
Oh, that's right. I forgot throughout a business.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on ACV.
Just pump these numbers like I do, George.
You'd make that other guy feel a lot better.
You'd make him a lot happier and he could call and get a piece of JLo's ass.
Whatever he was looking for.
Some segments. That's all I did.
Exactly. Hey, I can relate to it.
Yesterday was fine.
Today is my second day back after a wonderful vacation.
After being out of town a couple of months.
And a second day, they're, you know, the glory is gone.
Your old glory hole is gone.
They sealed it up with cement.
Or something that sounds like cement.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man. My first time calling you since you've been back.
Welcome back.
What do you mean since I've been back that was only yesterday?
So well, I didn't call yesterday.
I haven't talked to you since you went away.
Yeah.
But it's good to have you back.
Listen, speaking of JLo, you know what I often fantasize about?
It's, I don't be clean.
You have to hang up.
Then and her over in the doggy style position.
And she and her both or her cheeks could cover my whole face.
That's what I often think about.
See if her cheeks could cover your push.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound file.
Let's ask Ben if he knows anything about that.
Ben? No.
He don't know nothing about her ass.
That whole thing is just so ludicrous, so ridiculous.
Do you believe us yet?
Do you believe us?
No.
They had the press.
How about now we made a video?
Do you believe us?
No.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
When is this?
Happy new year, my name is Cone.
Same to you.
That's it.
That's his material.
That's the guy.
Here's Miami on 7.
Our last call.
We got 7 minutes to go.
Here's the last one.
Be a happy new year, my friend.
Back to you.
But George was great.
Everybody should just chill out.
Yeah.
These George alone.
Uh-huh.
All right.
He's just wonderful when you're not there.
But of course you are the...
Yeah, you'll get to the points.
You're equipped with a second George's ass in my ass.
Let's say something meaningful.
Get to the meat.
Okay.
Okay, that's better.
What's wrong with that?
Well, I didn't just say that in the beginning.
Instead of sucking everybody's ass.
Nobody likes a suck hole.
Okay.
That was their foreplay.
Nobody wants all that verbal foreplay.
A little, you know, regular foreplay.
That's a different story.
Verbal foreplay.
Forget about it.
I'll take...
Don't answer any more calls.
I'll take your main to the calls.
We only got a few minutes to kill here.
That's what they want.
That's what they're salivating for.
There's these final few minutes here.
An opportunity to express themselves.
To kid on the air and play that game.
That they want to play so desperately, so badly.
To validate themselves as human beings.
To make the whole world feel as though they're getting up out of
God the impotty and saying,
look at me.
Here I am.
I'm alive.
I'm me.
I'm something.
Yeah, you're something, all right.
We know that.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Just want to let you know that I saw Lord of the Rings and George.
Give me the worst advice in the world.
Yeah.
Well, sir, can I say this to you?
I don't care about Lord of the Rings.
I don't care about Ring around a collar,
Ring around a rosy.
I don't care about Lord of the Rings.
I don't care about wings and things.
Rings and things.
I don't care about rings.
Okay.
Rings are for like engaged and married people.
And old fags who were one of them,
phony rings, you know, on a ring finger.
You know the kind of the square ones?
What do they call those?
No, I don't know.
You know what I'm ring?
Something like that.
Yeah.
Lord of the Rings.
You know, you really did kill this audience
with that Lord of the Rings stuff.
Who cares about Lord of the Rings?
It came out.
Why?
Because it was December.
And?
And nothing.
We didn't like maybe four times.
How about Indiana Jones and the show of death?
We talked about anything that came out.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Like probably that too.
W-Q-A-M.
99.
You are.
Thanks, honey.
W-Q-A-M.
Look at Bunga.
Let's dedicate tonight's hurricane victory
over Columbus State,
I mean Ohio State,
to the memory of our good friend, Sunny Hirsch.
What do you say?
Let's hear it.
All right.
For Sunny.
Good guy.
He had a little thing,
and it was a little quaggle,
but he was a great guy.
We like Sunny a lot.
W-Q-A-M.
My car!
W-Q-A-M.
Now, what do you point at?
Well, that was the guy.
The punk's.
That's why you hung up.
When you relax,
when you just calm down,
you're so,
you're so uptight about this.
It's just already
to be over in four and a half minutes too long.
Don't you understand?
That's not going to change your life.
It's certainly going to change my life.
With all the money that I'm making,
you think I'll give a flying crap about these assholes?
I don't care.
Just turn them out.
And look at it away.
The photos ring in now, man.
Like we're giving away $100 bills.
W-Q-A-M.
Can the load of the rings take care of my M-1 problem?
I think that's where you'll find that ring.
I think that's what he was talking about.
Is the ring in your...
Factome.
Collar.
When you have M-Rite's,
don't you have to sit on the ring?
Sometimes.
That's what Moe said.
And inflatable.
How's the Moe poll coming?
What should Neal do regarding Moe during 2003?
Steel is hairpiece 109 is in first place by Prebid Margin.
Stick by his gun's Ignorum.
80.
Rip him some Moe.
56.
But that sure has moved up, huh?
Is a late addition in there?
Kiss and make up 41 and make P-34.
So if he had those last two categories together,
he got 23.4% which means 76.
Whatever percent is not too positive.
Yeah, he's going to take a lot more than just mentioning
in my name once to make up for all the damage
that he's tried to do this program into our lives.
And your livelihood, etc. and so on.
He's going to take a lot more than just coming on there
because they happen to be in the studio one day
and back in town for a couple of months to say,
Neal Rogers is next to whatever he said this morning
that started this whole Simisarodium.
And we still hope he gets a big number in here
because we'd like to make a bonus again sometime.
The overall bonus.
Get a number you old fart.
WQIM.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yeah, slow these people are.
Hola.
Madiqa.
Yeah, okay.
WQIM.
Hey, see how good it is with the spics we got down here?
That's why that's another reason that people hated here.
Your people.
They're not mine.
They're your people, man.
They're your people.
No, no.
Mars Grisias.
My people don't have an accent.
Ascento.
WQIM.
Yeah.
What is it?
Is this Neal Rogers?
Yes, speaking.
I'm.
Yeah.
Neal.
WQIM.
Go, go, go, go.
See what I mean about how slow they are?
Slow, slow as molasses.
We're doing little screenless here trying to have even a little bit of fun
but a little mini light to be around at the end of the show.
And you still can't do it.
You still can't get the job done.
Man, is this place suck?
God.
I shouldn't know.
I left here yesterday and I said to myself,
this can't happen again.
And I was right.
Yesterday was too good to be true.
And I thought to myself,
if I could come in and we could have as much fun as we did yesterday,
every day, and the show would be as easy as rolling off a log.
And the audience would be as responsive and have something to say.
But what I didn't realize is they had something to say yesterday
that they've been holding up for like, uh, however long.
You know what I mean?
Right.
And then that's it.
They shot their wad.
Here is that they shot their wad, baby.
Man, you can smell it all over town.
You see through that or that dolphin fourth quarter again,
those last three minutes.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, Nilly.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
I wanted them to show on a good note.
Yeah.
I was listening to a bowl game, uh, a Notre Dame.
Yeah.
I kind of leave out went to Notre Dame and her team lost.
Well, that's another good reason we hate Notre Dame.
I forgot about that.
I know.
So as soon as I heard that Dill Hall,
whoever he was announced in the game,
you know, it kind of leaves the team lost.
I was like, hey, all right.
Excellent.
I'll have a go.
And have a happy new year, sir.
Okay.
And there's thanks for the good news.
Well, I guess that'll put that kind of Lisa bitch in her place.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry to our good friend.
They were Fox News.
Sorry, Heather.
And I still would like to do it.
So that's going to do it for us today.
We hope that the Cain's was.
I do see that.
That was pretty nifty.
I like that myself, you know?
See what I'm trying to hear that I can't do it when I didn't want to it.
Well, that's just the way I go.
A good time to say goodbye when that happens.
Final score tonight.
University of Miami, 172,465,000 in three.
And Columbus State also known as Ohio State Buckais.
Zipety Duda.
Okay.
The Mad Dog.
Jim Maddick's next time we got a whole bunch of football stuff
with a lot of spots in there.
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you watch your show on FIPSY?
I'm going to QAM.
Miami for LARGAY.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
