There's a button as well. A kid's stop! A kid's stop! A kid's stop!
Sick Michael Jackson is backing up traffic,
Come looking for anything for the graphic,
Pictures and videos packed in boxes.
They even took the big way from the whiz.
Never land red smells like monkeys and llamas.
Little boys wearing those trapdoor pajamas.
Michael would see grizzly watch when they pee.
Then hall on foot to that damn-winking tree.
Teddy bears wearing tricolored vigrators.
Under who panties packed in the dumb waiters.
Lickerish comes drops and superman rings.
Those are up to you obviously pretty things.
Michael Jacko, he's a blacko.
He's going to jail.
Will this wrong be right and will he be indicted?
Put his bear as wheel.
No.
On sale.
Not a chance. 10 or 1 at 5, 60 WQM Happy Monday too.
Okay, time to get back to serious, right?
In the time to get back to finish.
No, whatever, sure.
No?
Well, wonder how do we ever do that?
When are we going to get back to serious?
Back to Terra firma.
January 2nd, 2004.
So Hillary Clinton had her PR trip,
her photo op upstaged.
Hillary went to a swillard, went over to Afghanistan,
and to Iraq.
And before she could make it to Iraq,
there was a W, was there upstaging her,
with her photo op of his own.
And I love all these so-called pundits.
Oh, it was so sincere,
and he was so concerned for the troops,
and he was showing up, I'm a buy-right.
Right.
By the way, there's two more Americans dead since he left.
I just mentioned that in passing through.
They were Americans.
They can award it.
It was all based on lies,
but nobody wants to talk about that.
It's just mind-boggling.
But I'm not going to get upset about it.
Just like Muck told me this morning,
the paychecks clear,
and it's all you need to know is the A.O.
Here comes the bunny, and there goes your money.
That's all you need to know.
This keeps showin' away.
That's a bad news, though.
Besides the three more Americans that died,
and then of course, these seven Spaniards in the two,
who are the other two from where Japan?
Ah.
And of course, a whole bunch of Iraqi,
the Iraqi scum, like that the facts we had last week,
that was a crankfax.
Yeah.
Wasn't it?
Yes.
Superstar of the 1920s dead,
and you didn't even know who the hell this was.
I can't believe you.
You're slipping.
Large coated turtune.
Curtune, elderly,
who was the toast of American Europe in 1926.
Don't you remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Like it was just yesterday.
Just yesterday, it seems,
became the first woman to swim the English Channel,
died Sunday at 97.
She died?
That's plenty old enough.
Believe me, 97.
I think 90's old enough.
She died?
What are you laughing at?
Nothing.
You wouldn't like to make it to 90 and pretty decent.
I'll take it.
I'll take it.
I'll take it right now.
If I could like sign a contract and have, you know,
the gods of death or whatever the hell there is,
just say, okay, you can make it to 90.
I would say, okay, okay.
That sounds reasonable.
She made it to 97.
She had spent the last several years living
at the Christian healthcare center in Wichof, New Jersey,
about 25 miles northwest of New York City,
said Martin Ward, whose wife is one of Italy's
10 surviving nieces and nephews.
How did you like that?
She was the first woman to swim the English Channel, and...
She died?
Now, why would you want to swim the English Channel?
Just like you'd go over Niagara Falls in a barrel.
Just to show everybody you could do it, right?
Look what I can do.
Yeah, I'm going to Guinness Book of Records and now she's dead.
We got two polls for you today.
Now, you're a poll that you took on Friday.
I've got to be honest with you.
Yeah.
And I can't blame you for this one.
It's just the audience.
You might...
I must have been the goody-two shoes crowd.
Maybe the Thanksgiving turkey was still...
Hey, because turkey doesn't make you tired and affects your mind.
You don't see what?
I would never leave that, but when you consider that on Thursday,
I'm probably with leftovers on Friday.
These people are eating gigantic tubs and tubs of food.
Tons of crap.
You know what I'm saying?
All the crap you can unwrap.
That's it.
Oh, by the way, he wasn't here this morning
because he had to work a football game again last night.
That we carried on QAM.
God.
1122 votes on George's poll.
I don't know.
I guess it was just a dumb poll.
Like the one I took on Thursday.
It was just something that my restaurant pulled.
How did my restaurant pull come out, by the way?
The worst fast food joint?
Who won?
McDonald's.
Oh, get out.
Get out of town.
The McDonald's is the worst fast food restaurant?
No.
Worst and Burger King?
No.
No chance.
But that's what they said.
Right.
What are they?
Who tastes is in their tush.
Well, on Friday, if you think that poll was bad,
the only reason I did that poll, by the way, is because Eric had to like go somewhere
and have several feedings.
So the poll had to begin and complete before he left.
And then George got even with Eric over the weekend,
but not a faxing him any bedtime service, which was good.
That's right.
You could have come out of the station and faxed him all the time.
That's wrong with you.
And use the computer here.
Anyway, what is the most important thing in life, George asked on Friday?
1122 people voted.
Good health, 272.
That is the right answer.
Congratulations.
Good.
Good for the audience.
They got this one right.
The rest of them, though, sucked.
No, all the rest of them are all screwed up.
Right.
I mean, if you don't have good health, all the other ones on here are useless, they're meaningless.
What if it's medium bad health, though?
No, good health.
Like, Roids.
Like who?
Roids.
Good health 272, family 233.
Well, that's ridiculous.
That's so silly.
Some people might have known the whole cliche about blood is thicker than water and all that.
It's a pile of crap.
You know, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your relatives.
You can't pick your parents.
You can't pick your aunts and uncles.
You can't pick your nieces and nephews, your brothers and law, your I-N laws.
You can't pick any of those things.
It's just crap happens.
Well, some people might actually have a nice family.
Yeah.
All of them?
No.
Not all those people.
Well, there you go.
So just because somebody's related to you doesn't mean, okay, but they said 233.
Plus, it was Thanksgiving weekend by a gun.
At the time, you're going to say crap like that, even though you don't believe it.
Love 154.
Love is the most important thing in life.
Oh, man.
To survive, now this one didn't belong under in the first place because it kind of makes all the other ones moot.
125.
That doesn't belong in a pool like this.
Those are the low expectation people.
Oh.
Money 102.
Now we're starting to get a little bit warmer.
That would be in my number three choice.
Making a difference, 75.
What a politically correct bunch of assholes you had on this pool.
Now what a bunch of schmucks.
Oh.
God.
A good buzz, 57.
A good buzz, buzz this.
Sex 53.
That would have been number two, of course, in my pool.
Sex number two and money number three.
Friends 32.
Why are his family more important than friends?
You choose your friends, your family, you just fall into it, okay?
I can't choose that.
They're so extreme.
Jesus and freebies 19.
I mean, this is the most dishonest toll in the history of we.
How many of these we've taken?
How many thousand?
By third man.
And this has got to be the most blatant act of dishonesty.
The South Florida audience has ever come through with.
It's almost the reverse order to be correct other than the good health.
Everyone that lives were watching them.
Freebies 19 in South Florida.
I'm surprised freebies didn't beat out good health.
Even if you're like on your deathbed, they would still take the freebies.
Tax them sweet and low in the sack, put in my box.
Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
We got two polls for today.
Now the first one, I know you're not going to be interested in,
but the beast kind of like got me excited about this on Thursday.
Well, beast don't get me too excited.
They've been part about his performances.
He shut up.
He didn't say too much.
And then noon to one on Thursday we played bits here.
So he or whenever the hell was loving a newm.
Here's our first poll.
I know you're going to get this one wrong too,
but we'll have some names probably called in for this or not.
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever to play for a South Florida team?
I've only got four choices here so far.
I don't care about sports.
It's always got to be on there because we have a lot of people in this audience
who are just like George.
Well, almost.
They don't.
They just don't give a flying crap about sports.
And let me give you a little advice.
I'm going to give you two pieces of advice today.
Number one, don't ever go to Montreal.
I'll explain why I'm on materially.
Okay.
And number two, um,
sports as you become older becomes much less important.
They're just games.
You know?
No.
That's what I didn't know.
Oh no.
The papiates, the papiates, great goal line, stand there at the end.
Nice going, Tommy Boy.
Papiates and Bill Bollochek, men are unbeatable.
Take a look.
I see the dolphins pulled one out of their ass on the third.
They just coming out of nowhere and crushing the overrated cowboys.
That was amazing.
You pay the end of course the Leafs won their fifth and a roll last night.
So what's not to like, right?
But it's not as important as it used to be.
As you get older, you realize that some of those other things on your list are a little bit more important than ball games.
Except the course at QAIM where we have a lot of neurotic jacklickers.
Anyway, who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever to play for a soft-flute team?
I don't care about sports.
Pavel Beret, Dan Marino or Jay Fielder.
Now the reason I had a Jay Fielder is because after that game on,
because there's so many phonies out there in soft-flute,
that he'll get some votes.
You'll see.
Now, pull number two, which I rarely give them both at the same time,
which will start around noon.
But I'm going to give it up to you now.
In what city in the world do the highest percentage of very ugly people live?
I don't think I worded that well.
That's okay.
That's fine.
In what city in the world do the highest percentage of very ugly people live?
Montreal, that's very hard to bat a thousand to bat a hundred percent.
But in Montreal, they're batting a hundred percent.
There are nothing but ugly people, which I felt pretty much at home there myself.
In fact, when I arrived, they said,
oh, you're perfect for Montreal, right?
Now, seriously, because they're everybody.
They're the young people who are ugly.
The teenagers are ugly.
The young adults are ugly.
The middle-aged people are ugly.
The old people are ugly.
The little children and babies are ugly in Montreal.
That's an interesting city.
That's an excellent point, then.
Is it?
Well, if you're ugly, then you can go there and get late.
With another ugly person, I'll pass on it.
Well, Montreal, and I put Paris on her too, because there's a lot of frogs.
Oh, we said the only thing wrong with France is the French people.
And the only thing that we're wrong with Montreal is the people.
They're all gross.
I mean, not just regular ugly, like, you know, kind of like nondescript.
But I mean, extraordinarily ugly.
There's something like a defect.
Genetic defect.
They're French.
So that'll be the second pull for later on.
Got that big black guy again.
And I can't understand why it's so hard for me to find a story.
I had to go to the Cincinnati Post to get the details on this.
Now CNN has shown it a hundred times already.
Maybe not a hundred.
About the big black guy that got roughed up by the cops and of course he died.
Three separate investigations have been launched into Cincinnati's first death in Paris.
The police custody since 2000 raising questions about the use of force that provides a troubling backdrop
to Cincinnati's scoring in ceremonies for their new city council today.
Not good timing.
They're investigating the early Sunday morning death of Nathaniel Jones, 41,
no address available after a struggle with police outside a white castle restaurant in Avon,
DLO, Ohio.
Maybe that's the only Cincinnati.
That's another place I don't want to go.
No.
I've heard from the people there, even earlier than the people in Montreal.
I'm sure.
Pyramidics who we spotted asked at 5.54 a.m. for police to be dispatched to the scene near the white castle.
Saying the man was very much awake.
He wasn't passed out.
Unlike the reports and becoming a nuisance to the people there.
At 6 a.m. they asked for a mental health response team to attend to take care of this disorderly subject run.
And a minute later somebody with a taser.
But police say the Broadway Jones was already on and although MHRT official Michael Schulte arrived this minutes later.
It was already too late to avoid a physical confrontation.
Perstandard practice, six police officers involved in Jones arrested and placed on paid administrative lead as the investigation continues.
They were forced to subdue him with the tons and a chemical irritant because Jones whom police estimated at 5.6
and nearly 400 pounds.
The 5.6 nearly 400 pounds was slugging officers instead of obeying orders to put his hands beyond his back to be handcuffed.
And arrested for disorderly conduct.
He was pronounced dead shortly after being taken to the University Hospital in Cincinnati.
It's changed to Rodney Jones all over again all a little bit darker than Rodney or King.
Did I say Rodney Jones?
Well, the main difference because they're both dead interchangeable.
All the Rodney King at least wasn't that fat, you know.
Can you imagine 5.6 and 400 pounds?
Well, we've seen them. We've seen the tape a hundred times on TV.
Just a tub of tub of trouble.
And then of course his brother placed the domangles, Bubba Trouble.
10.13 at 5.6.
Imagine this.
Imagine envisioning Todd Dreck under a gigantic Mac truck bleeding to death.
No, not that. Imagine zero closing costs.
Imagine zero application fees, zero credit bureau fees, zero discounted points.
I like the first one best.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with an interest rate of just 1.95 percent to that means if you have a 200,000 dollar loan for example,
you pay just 738 bucks a month.
Once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group, you will never ever pay closing costs again.
Call today and find out about it. Call 1-800-904-0-Lend.
Grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage.
You can move your next property without any further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial group for details called 1-800-904-0-Lend.
It's a whole new way to buy. There's zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero prepayment penalty, and zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Give yourself financing at just 1.95 percent.
Never pay closing costs again either.
Call financial group today 1-800-904-0-Lend.
Either an equal housing lender, restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
We're supporting you 560.
You A.M.
For Phil, it's Michael Jackson.
My glad you're here.
Thank you very much.
What happened?
Yes.
God knows my heart. How much I do it's real.
What went wrong?
I sleep in the day with all of them.
And McCulloch and Rolittle.
Kirin, Kulk, and with people on this side.
I'm McCulloch and on this side.
It's the season there.
We're all just doing all kinds of crazy stuff.
Boy, that's just not right.
It's very right.
Get real.
You don't sleep with your kids or some other kids beneath them.
Am I missing something here?
I'm sure in sleep with other people all the time.
I don't believe that at all.
I'm telling you the honest truth.
You want a piece of me?
You take a short break and we'll come out.
1017 at 560 WQM.
Boy, I have a feeling it's going to be a long day today.
It might be a long week because they're all recuperating.
Yeah.
Is my phone working?
Maybe your earphones all that up down there.
Let's see.
I haven't heard a dial tone to you.
No.
Let's try this one.
Do you hear a dial tone?
Yeah.
Do you do?
I hear a dial tone.
Don't you?
No.
See, that's probably a good reason why this phone
ain't working up here is because this thing needs to be
reset or something like that.
You hear a dial tone?
Yeah.
That was Josh's bad.
Why you didn't hear it when I did.
Hold on.
One moment, please.
Okay.
Let's see if those dots come back.
I don't know why I'm working yet.
Okay.
Let's punch one up right here.
Do you hear anything?
Oh, there it is.
How come it sounds like that though?
You hear that?
It's one of those things.
What about line three?
Okay.
We'll see because I don't think the phone is working right.
But that's okay.
Let's take a test call.
WQAM test call.
I'm sorry.
QAM.
You did a test call?
This is Reverend Jones.
This is Reverend Freaking Jones.
Yeah.
That was him.
How do you like this?
Is this a test call?
Yeah.
I used to watch how the show went on Friday.
He said he had like four cranks that kept the show going for four hours.
Pretty much.
Unruly.
Let's see how this one sounds.
QAM test call.
I wasn't too bad.
They're not this sound to kind of strange though, aren't they?
No, I'm not talking about content.
I'm talking about technical quality.
I'm not talking about content.
I'm used to that.
You kidding me?
WQAM test line.
Hi, this is Julio.
This is why?
Julio.
Julio, the greasiest?
Yeah.
Get lost, Julio.
Oh, he's trying to do the P.P. from Pemberg Pines.
Okay, who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever to play for a softball or a team?
I don't care about sports.
Pavel Burre, Dan Marino or J. Feeler.
They're going to get this one wrong.
There's got to be some other names.
B suggested, of course, he had some Hori Kuhn names on there, but I don't want to put them on myself.
We'll leave that up to the audience.
Okay, go and answer the phone, whatever you do, Josh, because I'm having so much fun already.
Well, at least, oh, I'll go get to all these other bedtime stories, okay?
Okay.
I just am nauseated and be vaulted by the way, the media reacts to everything.
You know, they put together this ridiculous, this, oh, we're going to surprise the media.
We're going to pull a shock and the president's going to show up there for like, you know, a couple of hours.
And then by the time they announced it to the world, he's already going to be heart-hailing to back to the US.
Oh, and it was heartfelt and it was a show of concern for the troop.
They don't belong there in the first place for quite a lot, but we're not supposed to say those things.
Hey, don't forget it was brave that he didn't even leave the airport.
Right, that's right.
And how about that British Airways pilot that actually saw Air Force One?
It said, did I really see that?
No, no, you didn't see that.
Oh, okay.
But I thought I saw WDQIM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, near?
Yes.
Yes.
Is this near?
Yes, it is, sir.
Yeah, near.
Isn't it ironic how the black guy was killed in front of White Castle?
Oh, but that guy again, Jesus Christ, get a life.
WQA him.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
What about Alonzo Morning?
Alonzo Morning.
What about the kidney?
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
It's a pretty weak choice, but we'll put him in there.
Alonzo Morning.
I don't think there are that many good choices, right?
I think Burian Marino or the, that'll be it.
How about Bob Greasy?
Was he exciting?
No.
Was he boring?
Yes.
Terminal?
How about Brian Greasy?
Is he boring?
Yes.
And incompetent.
Oh, look at this.
Now you got copy that you're faxing me here and out of the shows in the middle.
You know, fat boy, you're just an acid-awaiting to happen.
You tub of crap.
You make me want a puke.
Remember the song, Shout by J-E-D and the Starlighters?
Yeah.
You know, you make me want to, we ought to have the same thing for fat boy.
You know, you make me want a puke.
God, the show is, it's already 21 past 10.
He's faxing me.
Okay.
Because he probably had like a little eating orgy over the holidays.
Yeah, what a shock that the Sparks are just called again,
making the whole song of the dance about it's a racial thing again.
He was making a joke, I think, or trying to-
No, he was not making a joke.
That's the same guy that calls all the time.
What do you mean he's making a joke?
Well, I think this time he was trying to be funny with the white castle angle.
No.
WDQ-AM line 9.
Disaster line, yeah.
Oh, Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
WDQ-AM, hello.
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
Yeah, okay.
Paul Warfield.
Paul Warfield was great, number 42.
I'm just going to spell WDQ-AM.
I'm going to spell WDQ-AM.
How can you spell Warfield?
War and Field?
How top is that, okay?
W. Jesus Christ.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
WDQ-AM.
Oh, man.
I'm not going to say anything.
This poll is going to be even more cock-eyed than the one you took on Friday.
Cock-eyed.
WDQ-AM.
Jim Mandice.
Jim Mandice is a choice, yeah, right.
Where we got to put him on there?
No, don't put him on there.
Is it tight end?
Is it tight end exciting?
No.
They're really struggling.
I begged to differ.
A tight end can be very exciting, right?
But not the end you got in mind, and we're not talking about lunch.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Roy Disney, by the way.
Roy.
He's got us from Disney aboard.
He's the scapegoat for nobody.
He says he wants to take 70 with him.
He not only resigned today, but he also says he wants to take with him because he said he's a disaster.
A mitigated disaster.
He said his leadership over the past seven years he wouldn't wish on Hitler or something like that.
Disney, nephew of company co-founder Walt Disney, did Automedily Return calls yesterday.
He can't imagine why, but he did say that he wants to resign also.
Disney and his closest board of associates, Stanley Goldibund, among Eisner's most vocal critics,
as the company stock prices declined to ratings have fallen.
It's ABC TV network.
Yadda Yadda Yadda.
Two other board members who will be not be nominated to serve new terms.
Raymond Watson, 76, Thomas Murphy, 76.
And we'll keep our eye on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
I'm not going to hang on.
And the worst part of it is we carried out game right here on QA last night.
Jacksonville and Tampa.
Yeah.
With the moment.
So we had another morning beauty rest off today because he had a ball game for Jones Network last night.
Nice going mo, you tub of crap.
1027 at 560 WQM.
It's that time of year again.
Everybody's going to be stopping by your house for the holidays if they haven't already.
But it's still not too late to call dry concepts and rid your carpets of all the germs and schmutz.
That's sitting deep inside.
Take care of your carpet.
Clean it fast and clean it right by calling dry concepts today.
As in right now, because dry concepts is hands down your pants, the leader when it comes to protecting and keeping your carpet colors vibrant, sparkling, clean, leaving your carpet soft to the touch and just looking like brand new.
For over 20 years, I've trusted nobody else with my carpets except these folks because of the best.
They've been the number one carpet cleaning company for a coons agent town.
Nobody else dry cleans your carpets because it's an exclusive patented method.
When your carpet, when they're done, your carpets look just like brand new and they'll be ready for all holiday traffic in just a couple of hours.
So, call them. They ask them to put you understand by list and you can say 15% extra off the already reasonable price of the job and don't forget they always give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
You have enough other things to worry about during the holidays.
So leave your carpet to dry concepts. Call them today and believe you me, they'll perform a miracle right on your floor.
Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or read about them on the web.
Get all the info you'll be looking for at dryconcepts.com.
This is 420 devices. 2 AM.
O!
There is a girl in extra-wide jeans.
A girl who's head weighs a ton.
And she's living with the women and the funny play-toys in the house of the lives we used.
When she was young at a restaurant with a boy, he didn't know that she was gay.
Until he noticed each time they went out, she went for the seafood buffet.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
A girl.
8 votes.
8 votes.
8 votes.
Let's see,
Mario 51 out of care about sport 17 Corvallate 10.
Paul Warfield 4, J. Feedlers got three.
You watched it, it just enough to make me want to scream.
Like that.
You watched it, you watched it, you watched it.
You watched it, you watched it.
On the lines of mornings got appear only one don't work and Larry's uncle just went on there out of 87 votes
Jay feeders got three votes. Oh
And I guess we don't have no hurry Coon fans either because we don't have no hurry Coon players been called in yet
The b suggested on the Thursday Michael Irvin for this list. Are we gonna put him on there? No, and that's just ridiculous. That's silly
That's that's just downright silly
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T. I will say one great thing for much. We all be said the fact that it's very European
Yeah, and it's got a lot of I'm talking to those shopping areas the underground area is very very upscale beautiful
A lot of roller skaters. But boy, they have a lot of great restaurants man
Oh man all we did was eat and eat mongi mongi mongi for three days. Are you allowed to skate?
Were there any skaters in there? I'm thin ice. I see and guess what you're not gonna believe this
Let me give you a little clue guess it was in Montreal the same time that I wasn't I didn't even realize it
Speaking of going to dinner who I could have bought dinner
Guess where the Panthers played Saturday night. Oh no
Really guess where the Florida Panthers came Victor Karsloff's score late
On a very dubious penalty call against Montreal
But nevertheless Panthers tied it up hold out a one-one time if it's free
It's me there you go to rimman the Panthers were there and they even realize it
I could have taken remember to dinner for example at
Bookachinos
tremendous restaurant or at rubens for for some real good deli not that airzatz make believe place you took me here in Toronto
months ago rimmer a really good place called rubens
Sounds Jewish to me
And then there's a chain of restaurants called Baton Rouge do we have that in South Florida? We have Baton Rouge?
Don't know. Oh the man good steaks and graches the really fabulous place. It was fabulous
But I forgot all about it until it was probably too late. Sorry rimmer. I'd have called you for sure. I'd attract you down. Wouldn't I
For free meal
5 6 7 0 5 60 and speaking of free meals tomorrow. I got a banner day in my life. I'm I don't know. I don't know how
How I should view this whole thing
With your tomorrow evening. I'm taking to Ruth Chris with my favorite steakhouse in the world. I'm taking to Ruth Chris a couple of my high school
Friends I haven't seen over 40 years
Yeah, you're you're predicting I'm gonna be depressed. No, I was just pulling your like no, you were not it'll be a fine
Not still but I've never already sent me they've already emailed their pictures. They know what I look like
I mean we realized there were old parts now. I haven't seen these then you know good people
Good good kids. Of course they're not kids no more. You'll have a great time
Yeah, we will as a matter of fact it's funny your sarcasm. Okay. We'll have a good time
But we'll sit there looking at each other and think oh my god. Are we old, you know?
61 61 8. Oh, when you're in South Florida, when you're here, it's like pretty old
Now now I understand why I told them French Canadians that come down to South Florida
Everybody's always bitching about them with a speedos how fat and disgusting they are
It's because first of all they're disgusting when they're born so they can't help that part in the fat part
Because they got all that good food there. What else are they gonna do?
They're just gonna go underground and they're gonna go from one food court to another one to I'm telling you man
There's endless food. They even have like Laura C. Quart ice cream. Did you ever have that? No, hmm. I did
Well, I wanted to but I did
10 41 19
11 or speaking a great fool. What a nice segue, Neil
One of the best kept secrets in South Florida as far as good meals are concerned is right in prestigious Coral Springs
It's called the Gold Coast seafood grill where they just celebrated their one-year anniversary
They got three and a half big fat juicy stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review and well worth it believe you
Me well-earned the Gold Coast seafood girls got unbelievably mouthwatering specialties like mango plums salmon
almond-crusted mahi mahi orange honey glaze sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
There's a bar atmosphere with an extensive line of martini list
Big martinis during happier only five and a half bucks four to seven p.m. Seven days a week
The Gold Coast seafood grill your fight it in Coral Springs at
2752 North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center
954 255 fish is the number to call for reservations for information you can dine inside or outside
Large parties and private functions welcome to if you've got a bunch of pain in the ass visitors during the holidays
This big great place to take them for a really enjoyable lunch or dinner the Gold Coast seafood grilling Coral Springs
2752 North University drive inside the walk shopping center always find great seafood at great prices at the Gold Coast
seafood grilling prestigious Coral Springs
My and local
We're sports video five sixty she went
Burning down the Christmas tree at the Christmas party bash
You know and screaming and hollering everybody's pretty trash
Burning down the Christmas tree then relieving ourselves outside
Later we'll pull up fire alarm then run like hell and hide
Help yourself got two full cakes of beer left in the rear
Only out to get my jolly
Drink my balls with bows of poly burning down the Christmas tree just forget goes and for
Carols crank down the stereo all the neighbors are having
Fips
Burning down the Christmas tree it's a beer filled holiday
Damn sure you will have a blast when you do Christmas are
1046 and 560 wqm are we getting back to normal yet? I don't think so
I think this is just the beginning of the insanity right
In fact mops said to me said well you got another three weeks and then you go on a nice long vacation and everybody gets their Christmas break
And then we go through the New Year's thing and see what it's all the generated into
And people are gonna say oh no you're wrong. You know it's they're all a friends and family getting to get their own best
Well, that's a part of it including family members that you hate like poison, but it's an excuse to do two things basically
Yeah, eat a lot of food and get drunk
Right what's your point and then there are other things to go along with it like sit around on your fat ass watching football and things like that
Oh, yeah, but eat a lot of food and get drunk
Right right
Can absolutely yeah now here's this thing you just fast me from the London Daily Times
Yes, from the Daily Times monitor excuse me one more page to it
Well, then now this is enough
According to a stunning report posted by a retired Navy lieutenant commander and 20 year veteran of the defense department
The Bush administration's assurance about fighting weapons of mass destruction in Iraq was based on a CIA plan to plant
WMDs inside the country which was suspected all along
Nelda Rogers no relation
The Pentagon whistleblower claims the plan failed when the secret mission was mistakenly taken out by friendly fire
The environmentalist against war report Nelda Rogers is a 20 year veteran debriefer for the DOD
She's become so concerned for her safety. She decided to tell the story about this latest CIA military fiasco in Iraq
According to Al Martin
Raw calm Miss Rogers is number two in the chain of command within this DOD special intelligence office
It's a 10 person debriefing unit within the central debriefing office for the DOD
The information that is being leaked out is information obtained while she was in Germany heading up the debriefing of a adianic
Ozone and on and on forever
According to Al Martin raw calm the agriculture department has often been used as a paymaster
I'll be having that this is just too convoluted, okay?
Another aspect of Miss Rogers report concerns the covert operation which was to locate the assets of Sodomusin and his family including cash
Gold bullion jewelry and assorted valuable antiquities the problem became evident when the operation in Iraq involved a hundred people
All of whom apparently are now dead having succumbed to so called friendly fire
Yeah, the scope of this operation include the penetration of the central bank of Iraq other large commercial banks in Baghdad
The Iraqi National Museum and certain presidential palaces were money's in bullion were secreted
They identified about two billion dollars in cash another hundred and fifty million dollars in arose in physical bank notes
Another hundred million in Sunday foreign currency ranging from Yanda British pounds
These people died mostly in the same place in Baghdad supposedly from a stray cruise missile or combination of missiles and bombs
They won a stray there were supposedly 70 system died there another 24 through a variety of friendly fire mistake and identity and some of them
There were about there is simply unknown
Right
Oh man talk about the keystone cops, but we don't want to talk about depressing stuff like that about illegal wars in Iraq and things like that because
Everybody's supposed to feel cozy and goosey and warm now right in lovey-dovey for the holidays at least those of the assultors that are still alive
5 6 7 0 5 60 oh there's Laura Bush Bush. She just also makes me sick to my stomach talk about a goody two shoes
I'd rather have some slut in her liar or some dike like Hillary, you know
Somebody would like a little personality. She's his bland is vanilla pudding
Look at the poll who do you think is the most exciting athlete to ever play for a son Florida team
Dan marina out of 140 Danny boys got 78 78 votes for Danny boy. I'm not not good Danny boy, but that's just
I don't care about sports 26
Pavel brewery 18 jay feedlers got seven Paul warfield seven allons a morning two and Larry's on cut to we need some more names for his list
I guess they just have been having exciting athletes that have played in soft Florida history, you know perk I just guess
See this proves beyond a shadow of about the idea that soft lord has got a hockey team is so ludicrous so ridiculous so asinine
It's insane. It's madness
If I'm gerry betman and thank the lord that I'm not all that Josh Beckett there you go that how soon they forget Josh Beckett
That's right good old comfy boy there in the world serious for the marlins Josh Beckett get his name on there got it got it
But that goes to show you how fast they forget
Because they we don't give a crap in the first place. I mean Jeff Kona
I know a damn good ball player and good in the clutch, but the idea that he's exciting. No, I don't think so
We just to look at him. He's boring, yeah
But that's the way it goes. We need some more names on this list
It's not a very impressive long list
But anyway getting back to the thing about if I'm gerry betman there is no hole because there's not gonna be no season next year anyway
And when they eventually do come back if they do the NHL
There's a whole bunch of teams got to go buy buy carolina's one of them buy buy carolina see ya
Florida Panthers there's another one Pittsburgh Penguins. I hate to say it buy buy
Buffalo Sabers there's four can't drop flies
All of this expansion did not talk about that years ago during my moment of weakness discussing sports
The fact that all of this expansion was gonna lead to all this crap watering down and nobody's gonna care
And it's all gonna like blow up everybody's face didn't I talk about that just like I talked about that
De-regulation of radio did not know years ago
And I was gonna take away the choices from the public what a bunch of bastards man
What a bunch of lunatics and they're doing it blatantly in front of the dumb public and the reason they can do it is because they get away with it
Just like that Medicare bill and everybody saying oh gee we're gonna all get screwed all the senior citizens are getting screwed well bend over
Time for your animal. It's gonna be a blueberry animal though. How much and as it covered
But third man, I mean answer to the second part. No, it's not covered. You got to pay for it
I mean why would you want to save 80% on your prescription drugs that you can get from Canada
Which are exactly the same drugs as the ones again in the US?
I mean to make up a story like well
We can't guarantee the quality of the the safety and equality give me a freaking break
You got to read the articles about that here
About don't you just see people dropping on street corners everywhere here from those dangerous prescription drugs in Canada
Oh god, that's what that SARS thing was all about. You see this is the problem the dumb
dumb
American public the overwhelming majority will buy any kind of crap they peddle them
Just like the stories about al-Qaeda and Sodom and about the weapons of mass destruction
Which now turned a fight out that the keystone cups couldn't even plant their own weapons of mass destruction and the people who knew about the this whole dip they're all dead
They all just died from friendly fire
Maybe a couple from unfriendly fires
But whatever somebody made them an opportunity couldn't refuse
Wow
I mean we're sitting here watching this all on full right in front of our push and it's like
Gornish elephant is nothing you can do about it because it's like it's not even going on
And even the so-called experts on eat the press and all these other shows it
Talk kaka they talk nonsense
Instead of somebody getting up there. I like to see just once old David Broder get up there and eat the press
You son of a bitch. What's wrong with you you lying bastard? You're lying to the pile. Yeah
Get up there and get emotional about it. They can't do it
They just sit there
Then they mumble plus nobody under the age of hundreds watching them shows anyway
Although the room where I'm hearing is if you're good on eat the press that's right
Okay
Yeah, then they will really fear you oh
God don't get excited about it. I just calm down relax nobody cares
The season for a good cheer and gifts season for commerce everybody go out there spend like their electron con sailors
5 6 7 let's get to more impressive names for this list man
There's got to be some really great of South Florida athletes over the years
We're saying of all time and look at this Paul tree put it little puny list
Wtc. I am
Yeah, Neil yes, sir
I got exciting one for you Anna corner Koba
Well excited. It wasn't anyway. He played for a South Florida team
Well exciting so I thought I asked me yeah, okay
I tried telling you this was a bad idea. What do you mean by that?
What do you mean it's a bad idea? I think it's I think it's an interesting point
It's a good question and the fact that they've got it so wrong goes to show it
I mean the fact that jfeebler's got a bunch if jfeebler who's got seven votes
If he's the most exciting athlete that ever played for South Florida sports team then we might as well just
Fold them all up, okay fine with me
Who now cares
But I mean Jesus what are we talking about jfeebler is the most exciting a player that ever played for a South Florida team
That up until thursday and week before they wanted to like run his ass out of town on a goddamn sticker halava
God are you people fake airsots airsots
That's the name for South Florida airsots. They instead of changing date county
To Miami date they should have just changed the datebrowden Palm Beach to hold on the whole trifecta their airsots land
Make believe land
Michael's got neverland. We got airsots land
Wtqa m
Hello, yes sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing great good listen up up our Larry's
I'm not a pali he's on it. We just got through doing about 10 minutes about Larry's on her running like an old lady with a nice try to get it
And Larry's on his got five votes
He must be adjoining us in midstream well a lot of people out there trying to put their lives back together after the holiday right
Right shame on them
162 votes
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete to play for a South Florida team did Anna Corona cova play for a team
No, she might have played for the entire team, but not the way we're talking. Okay. We're not talking about sex play
According to you. I think she's gonna be I still say she's a beard. I don't care what anybody says
I mean, she's going to reek it she in reek it aggression
I mean, even you got to laugh at that one. Yeah, next thing should be date and Ricky Martin
Then I think
That will be the last blow for that image right there when she starts dating Ricky tricky martin
that screaming queen
And they maybe she can go out and date miss fudge
Miss fudge was all whipped up about the Democrats are having a meeting this weekend about the influential Hollywood people about
How to stop bush how to trash bush good
And George Soros is pouring billions of dollars in there because he realizes that the only hope we got is to get rid of bush
But in the meanwhile the public is asleep. They're like in Lala land
They're worried about important things like Jay Feele and his ears
Never see him together with Ross Perot at the same time. Oh, and guess what they showed. Oh my god
The weather was so bad Saturday. I got snowed in the only places. I was going as underground in Montreal
So Saturday night, I'm sitting channel surfing in between a hockey game. There was it. Yeah, we're Saturday
I believe and they re-showed Larry King's supposed surprise 70th birthday party
The worst fake surprise I've ever seen in my life. Oh, I'm just shocked. I can't believe this
Like and he was saying it like like it was a joke like we were gonna believe you shot. He knew about it all long
So it goes to show your boys and girls that it pays to kiss a lot of ass man
There was a suck fest the likes of which you've never seen they probably had like so is back together again after that show
He's so much suction god
Did he ever paint in people back? No, that was a different lifetime. Oh, how handy. Yeah handy excuse Larry
You basted you 1057 at 560 W2QM. Hey, it's a wonderful time of the year. I'm less you hate crowded malls long
Register lines and parking hassles
So make your gift giving a little easier this year for you and your loved ones a gift certificate from dial amatris
Call him now 1-800 mattress and give the gift. They'll be thanking you for a year in and year out for a long time
dial amatris has got gift certificates in any denomination and a new bed from the master bedroom makes a perfect gift
You'll enjoy for years at dial amatris no phone promises no wait and switch
Just discount prices every day and top brand names you know one love now including
Stearns and foster a hewitt and dial amatris has got the guaranteed lowest prices on sterons and foster anywhere
When you call dial amatris 1-800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery you know how worse
Any two-hour window seven days a week from 8 a.m. Till 10 p.m. And your back will thank you for doing it
Believe you me you'll love it honest sales practices fantastic every day low prices same day delivery
Free set up and rules so all of these things it's easy to see why dial amatris is unbeatable and customer satisfaction
So for service like you only dream about do what I always do and everybody else at QM called the betting experts
dial amatris at 1-800 mattress
1-800 MATTRES or online it's mattress.com happy holidays from all your friends at dial amatris
And you call this is 4-Tradio by city
You wait who wait
You know in light July
It's you cbs
clicked
my
I'm gonna make a difference, gonna be your wife
As I turn on the lady, oh, turn up my nose
This news is blowing my mind
I'm talking to kids, my sheets
From the night with me, can't deny
I'm a guy, the friend, being called perverted
I need, I've got to think for times
And plastic surgery lights
Tell me, what man, we sure
Follow it by your mark, here it goes
From news, I know where I'll go
And the next thing you know
I'm looking at the mail in the prison door
All right
He's asking me to bend his way
Lackum
And no message could have been any clearer
If you wanna make your world, I bet to place Michael Drop the soul, bend this way
Love all three men are really tragic in that family
You know, if they're trashin' the crap, they're a mother and a kid
And everybody, all of their holiday guests
Everybody that they ever knew, everybody that they ever bumped to on the street corner
They're all about your liars and trash, you know what?
Alex, who generally sends us some pretty far-fetched facts
He's got a couple of good choices today
The Beezer, John Van Beesbrook, that'll piss Rimmer off because he hates him like poison
John Van Beesbrook, the Beezer, even George knows who that is
And I know how to spell his name, because I spoke to him on the phone
That should do it, although he's got it spelled wrong here
So don't get sucked in by that
And Tim, hard away, remember Tim, hard away with the heat?
Hard away left one, left side line morally three point
Oh, he hit it, oh, he hit it
Oh, he hit it
I don't mean that was a three, I mean that was from the moon
From the moon, from his restaurant, about three blocks from here
Dave Halmers, damn good friend of ours and a good guy that got screwed over real bad
So it's a good thing Pat Riley had to quit because he's an asshole
Hey Pat, you're an asshole
Can't stand you, Pat, with your slick down here
Never trust anybody with slick down here
Ronald Reagan had slick down here, and we trust him
No
Maybe somebody else has got bad slick down here like that, like Pat Riley
Jimmy Johnson, trust him
No, no
See what I'm saying?
Right, good point
Jimmy Johnson, who stuck Shula in the back stabbed and stuck it in her twisted and twisted it
And it came to mind me her four years and disgraced himself, did nothing
And it goes back on TV and sits there in giggles and pukes, you know
With all those other giggling idiots
A packed flight speaking of idiots from Atlanta's Hartzfield Airport to San Francisco
Has delayed for four hours yesterday over a sticker affixed to the cabin door
You know that story about the WMDs, I think that's in bogus
Okay
Don't you?
I think I'd have heard more about it
Yeah, look at the date on the bottom of it
If the date is 12-8, which is August 12th
See what I'm saying?
Like a little bit, but anyway
The AirTran Airbus 320 was being prepared to take off and an employee saw a sticker reading
Terrorism Equals War on the cabin door's exterior CNN says
The captain took the plane back to the gate and the 156 passengers were ordered disembarked
And had their luggage re-screened by security
Airline spokesman Tad Huckson said
About three hours later, three hours later, the passengers, including a man who had been slapping the sticker around the door
Were allowed back on a plane, including him
The flight departed more than four hours behind schedule Huckson's and said
It was a practical joke taking a little too far Huckson's send
No charges were filed against the passenger at the very least
They should let all the other passengers beat him on the head with a goddamn baseball bat
Don't you think?
Right, like that scene from Airplane that line
I mean, what is that?
He admitted slapping the sticker around the door as a joke
Terrorism Equals War
What an F&A'shole, man
As if there's enough problem already, I just...
That's... think that they let him continue
And then when he asked for a lighter for his shoes, I think that's gonna give him a little clue
Now let's see, there's a picture that you just fac-me- I have no idea what this is
It says the Don votes for Charlie Huff
Oh, yeah
I still call it a strike
You had to be there
Yeah, I'm sure
Well, South Florida night... see, that's why this radio station I still say is one of the modern room
It's one of the all-time miracles of sports station in an area like South Florida
Which doesn't know sports from their ass
Because we have a bunch of overgrown children running around there led by your friend Greg
And so therefore we made a whole station out of...
TOTS!
Crap!
Nonsense out of minutia
206 votes, the most exciting athlete ever to play for South Florida sports team
And we never did this pool and I'm glad we didn't
Then we know 109
I don't care about sports, 35
17% of a movable, intractable people had just refused to care
Pavel Burrey's got 24
Which should be hands down
Clearly the winner of this, but then again, like I said, a talent knows it wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck one up everybody's ass
Larry Zonka 12, Paul Warfield 12, Jay Feetler still suck there in 7, that's gotta be a joke, huh?
Yeah, sure, whatever
Jay Feetler's got 7 votes
Alonzo Mornings 4, Josh Beckett 3, and none yet they just both went up to the Beezer, the Geezer, John Van Beesbrook, and Tim Hardaway
How come Jeff Cohenine's not on there?
I don't know, why not?
Well, I don't know, didn't you fast that two-hour good close friend?
Maybe I forgot
Come on, Eric, let's get Jeff Cohenine on there, good man, second goal round, okay?
And he's got that championship ring, he's got something Danny Boy ain't never gonna have, he's got that championship ring on his finger
Isn't that what makes you a real man, George?
Would you have a championship ring on your finger?
Or somewhere else
Or maybe deep inside your deck, on somebody else's finger
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, look who's there, Beethoven
There have been some reports, someone showed me something off the internet
Yeah good
And you know what it was?
I'll give you a clue
Amtrak
That's what it was
God, Rumsfeld, man, Hermann Gehring would be so embarrassed
W-D-Q-I-M
Q-I-M
W-D-Q-I-M, hello
Can you please stop braving my Uncle Moller's butthurt?
Yeah, absolutely
That was excellent, and that was a real call by the way
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
W-Q-I-M, hello
Hey, yes sir
Deal
Yes
Hey, hey, Funky Morris, man, that's Funky Morris, I'm not Funky Morris, I'm Funky
Funky Morris, man, there was a guy, remember that show he had a Q-I-M for about five minutes?
Good old number 22
Yeah, about five minutes
Okay, thanks a lot, Pellie
Alright, fine
You have a great holiday, and could be in so damn happy
And as you got a happy in South Florida, that's shocking to us, that could be a first, is that the first happy person I ever spoke to today anyway?
Today, this year I think, and year is almost over
Good old Mirk turned out to be kind of a jerky at a show on Q-I-M like every other X-Jock
Like the Crow
Everybody who ever put on a Jockstrap has had at least a couple of moments in the Sunshine on Q-I-M
Aminarit, Maura, Maura, Mli? Remeries
He was the best, and man, he was a, did he ever smell or what?
What is that thing with people that bathe in town compound? Right? I've never been able to understand what that's all about
That's like dry cleaning
Is that what it is?
Oh, I guess maybe that's why some guys put powder on their penis.
They do.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, think about the hair with Pat Rodley's hair.
Yes.
You ever see Mike Fertella's new hairdo?
Who the hell's that?
The guy does the heat broadcast with the other guy.
Never seen him.
He should be coached for the hawks.
Fertella?
Yeah.
I've never seen this in the dude.
It looks like most peace.
You just have to flip back hair like, right?
By the way, most peace ran away.
That's why he couldn't be in today's peace left home,
the most red left home.
Mike Fertella, you know who that is, don't you?
No.
Never heard of him.
I don't know who the hell that is.
And I couldn't care less.
I was talking about people with slick down here.
Another one is Dennis Cassinich.
I like, I like Dennis, but the problem is he's got a hair job.
A bad way.
He's got a fair every day for Dennis is a bad hair day, like life in general.
He'd be good in Montreal.
In fact, he'd be a fashion plate there.
I'm serious.
It's just the most I, I realized that you don't go anywhere like you go to Sweden.
The people are beautiful.
You go to Copenhagen.
You go to Amsterdam.
You go to Germany.
If that always Germany, or you go to Italy, goes without saying, although there are a lot of different kind of a thad.
He knows this, but nevertheless, yeah, you'll see some strikingly beautiful men and women in Italy.
But in Montreal, I must be a prerequisite because I want to go out of the plane.
They said, oh, yeah, you'll fit here.
Maybe you wonder what I said about me about that.
Fat and ugly.
They said, you fit in like a rubber glove.
It's just you think I'm exaggerating, but I'm not.
You you reach the point you're sitting there in a fancy restaurant.
You think it's meant to me and you start looking around hoping a waiter, a waitress, a customer.
Somebody might look like human.
No, say I don't think you're exaggerating because I know you so I know if there had been one good looking person.
You had a scene.
I'd have seen him or I will admit there was one restaurant.
Boca Chino is very good restaurant and there was two.
There were the waitress and the what are they?
The hostess to blonde.
I would say like 25 30 years really hot looking.
I think they only and they must have been like you're visiting or something.
They were working like part time because there's no way that they were Montrealers.
No chance.
They definitely were not French.
That would have beautiful blonde here.
But other than that, I mean, you just kept looking around and I went like, what is this?
Where they got to be hiding that spaceship underground.
Just like Tom Welling is doing.
They got to be.
So if you don't go to Montreal unless you just want to eat, if you want to eat, perfect.
And in the portions they give you, maybe that's why all those frogs have come down or so.
God damn fat.
They give you these gigantic portions.
That's very unfrench.
That is correct.
I had some veal scallopini.
Some of some it was great and there was like a little fetuccini supposed to come with it.
The fetuccini enough was enough to feed four people.
Wow.
And I'm serious at Volcocino.
So if you ever real hungry and they bring it to you on a plate that's like double the size of a regular plate.
You know, there you go.
So you can be sloppy like the trough.
Right.
We had a lot of people are Q and they're like eating there at the trough.
1113 at 560 Q and all you horse racing fans.
Pop it.
O Park is doing it.
Pop it.
O Harnest track and card room open for the 40th anniversary season.
The track features free admission, free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight.
Poker starts at noon and live racing gets underway at 7.05 in the PM.
And don't forget every Monday night.
There's a two for $25 dinner special at the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday night through December 17.
The hooters girls will be at Pompadot Park for a dollar night helping serve grab beers and meeting racing fans and showing you their stuff.
And tonight December 1st is a very special night.
My personal favorite of the season.
It's free spaghetti dinner night at Pompadot Park.
That's right.
Everybody who buys a Pompadot Park program that I'd have to track will get a free coupon.
Good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor players lounge.
They give it a little bit of a coupon.
You go in here and mind your mind.
And coming up this Saturday on December 6th comes either Broward County mumbles.
Strut there stuff from 7 to 830.
What are the mumbles?
I'll drive picture.
I have no idea what I don't know what a mother is.
Pompadot Park opens seven days a night's week for sound casting featuring the best and harness.
Thurbright Highlight action fall across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
Don't forget tonight's free spaghetti dinner night at Pompadot Park for everybody who buys a program a Pompadot Park program.
Tonight at the track Pompadot Park for the unruly schedule.
Go online Pompadot Park dot com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000.
My life and local.
This is 4 20 5 60.
Way to U.A.
That's holes and you can tell them I said so.
Was that Johnny Dirk who was part of a yes.
Yeah, who's holiday season.
Don't visit the same old relatives with the same old stories bring in the same old dry flower center piece.
Make this year wonder remember and really give thanks with the Anna corner copia.
It's a holiday treat that eats like a meal inside the Anna corner copia.
You'll find everything you need to make this year's Thanksgiving Day celebration complete.
Just pop it in the oven.
It's that easy.
You don't need to set the timer.
The Anna corner copia serves up hot and juicy with meaty breasts and thighs.
No need to worry about leftovers.
There's never any sloppy seconds when you're eating the Anna corner copia.
It's finger-looking good and for dessert.
Hey nice melons.
Put some cream on them.
Make this holiday wonder truly give thanks for with the Anna corner copia.
The most delicious spread you'll ever taste spread this it's 1118.
It's a beard one of the most exciting but not the best but exciting Chuck E. Garza's a center field or Chuck E.
Car remember him.
What put him on there.
Well, we got to add some more names on this list because obviously maybe that's why soft food is had suffered from so many years of boredom too many boring guys too many boring athletes.
Isn't that what makes a place exciting?
No.
Is exciting athletes?
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever played for a soft food sports team Danny boy.
We want you back to any boy 125 votes for Danny boy.
50% 200 and you believe that 250 votes.
He's got exactly half 125 sure he's an icon.
He's a one and icon.
I don't care about sports 45 18% of you.
You're a militant you refuse to care enough to send you very best to even worst.
We just refuse to give a crap about these very highly important stuff on QA and do it.
Palm Albrea 31.
Marina 125.
Buray 31 like I said take that team away now.
Shut down at arena take the money and feed the homeless with or something or buy some textbooks do something useful with it.
Larry Zonka 14 Paul Warfield 12.
J. Feedlers got eight.
J. Feedler is the most exciting player.
The most exciting professional athlete ever to play in South Florida.
Wow.
I'm fact you.
Huh?
I'm fact you either win or right now I just wish that he'd fax that sooner.
That's okay.
We got another 40 minutes.
John Van V's broke the geezer.
The geezer who don't like it too dark.
He liked to wait me on Thanksgiving yesterday.
I'll bet shot a seven votes for the geezer Josh Beckett for a lot of morning for and no votes yet for Tim Hardaway.
Jeff Kodine Merck Mercury Morris or Chuck E. Car have none of 256.
He just faxed me to winner right now.
Waiting on it.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Maybe we'll get somebody from Montreal to call in before the day is out.
Hi, you think so?
No.
Some ugly person.
WQAM.
One basic policy is easy and user friendly from AT&T.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
You know, right now I can see everybody turning the radio off.
The shoes I make this comment.
How bad is a Florida Panther?
That team is the most pathetic hockey team I've ever seen in my entire life.
No, they're not.
How are you first about getting?
How do you lose a three goal lead on the road to a pathetic Buffalo team?
Yeah.
Last year you were right in the first part when you said that everybody's turning the radio off.
You're right.
Nobody cares.
Don't you understand?
It's the kiss of death.
We cannot talk hockey on this show because nobody cares.
Remember all the years when I was stupid and I'd get on there and talk about different things?
And where are the calls?
Why isn't anybody responded to this because they don't care?
And then of course the hockey show that you insisted that I do right.
That you've voiced it on me when you used to call a rumor behind my back because you know we get a good free lunch?
That I think you should do again.
And then we need rumor to get a free lunch on the show always all the time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So they choked, they gagged, they blew a three-nothing lead and Buffalo had lost four to three.
You know, what can I tell you?
It's called LOT, lack of talent.
The league is watered down.
It's thin.
It's thin.
How about them leaves?
That's what counts with 31 points.
Five wins in a row.
It's a miracle.
Don't ask me how they're doing it.
But like I said, nobody really cares.
Final and set up now for Matt Staker.
Stagen with Tucker moving to the front of the net.
Pee-Los, dishes at back.
Stagen dude, Pee-Los, wish I'd come in and no one there to do much with it.
How do you like that?
Here's your good close friend Joe Bowen.
Whatever the hell is name it is.
Well, that's what happens when you get older.
You think I'm not going to have a good time, Roy?
I could still cancel.
You're going to have a great time.
I was being sarcastic.
Why is that?
Just because you're a prick, right?
I mean, you know, when you haven't seen people in 43 years, they're going to be old.
But so will I.
I'll be old and so will I.
So it's a good match.
It's a good match.
Yeah, we have a lot to reminisce about.
A lot of people to backstab and talk about.
Talk about how stupid the punks are these days.
WDQA and hello.
Neil God.
Yes.
I don't see that fast coming over yet, George.
That fast never showed up.
That's there.
I'm going to.
I wasn't in Hollywood for like 15 years.
Listen to you pretty much every day.
Move to Tampa.
Why can't I listen to you here other than on the internet?
Is there a good reason?
What does that mean?
I mean, why can't I'm driving in my car right now?
Why can't I be listening to Neil?
Because Neil's not on the air in Tampa.
That's why.
But we get whatever.
Shit.
Sir, this is not a syndicated show.
I'm the only talk show host with more than 10 people listening in America who isn't syndicated.
And at least 100 stations because my agent is a moron.
That's why he's a simpleton.
He's an overgrown child.
He's in non-compass penis.
That's normal.
I can't his name was changed to non-compass penis on his birth certificate.
Trust me.
Can't get the job done.
I'm sorry to get that.
Have a great life.
We had a guy called before who was happy.
And oh my god, this guy from Tampa, allegedly, he's driving.
First of all, how come he's driving in his car?
I guess he's not doing it right now.
I don't know what his story was.
Just sour.
Just sour and negative.
How come I can't do this?
I don't care.
I'm making decent money.
I'm doing okay.
That's what I say.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm a little bit of a screw up a few meals together here and there.
How would Tampa be in addition to what we don't want to be on here in Tampa?
If I were syndicated, we wouldn't go on in Tampa again.
Oh, what an experiment that was.
Talk about mugwumps.
All the people that got kicked out of Montreal, they moved them to Tampa.
That's right.
It's like Nashville, South, man.
And people are all in bread.
They all look like they were hatched in a cave somewhere.
Let's see.
The most...
No, and I see this is...
It's trying to be funny.
Gero, your premium was a better passenger than Brian Greacy.
Good point, Mike.
But they're not funny.
Not a music at all.
That's really a slip list of great athletes of really exciting.
How about Mark Clayton?
How about Mark Dupor?
How about Don Trell?
Well, what's wrong with these people there, huh?
Jesus, Kate Christ.
But we got Jay Feeder.
He's really exciting.
Man.
279 votes.
And Danny Boy is just...
And of course, it's one Danny Boy.
We're still playing a Rift of Manassault.
Well, he never won a championship.
He never did.
Yeah, right.
Like George, he never had a 30-year-old.
Therefore, you're an asshole, George.
That's right.
Even though you were number one in the summer book.
Ah, not good enough.
Although, I'll tell you one thing, boy.
Speaking of the book, we're taking it right up the old...
Back to the pole.
...on guaranteed.
We really are.
This fall book is...
I think fall is going to be the operative word.
It's an all-fall down.
Yeah, just like that.
Because the sports there has got all the dire reason
that October month, as you saw,
and morning went through the roof,
and the afternoon went ballistic.
And we like...
We did okay, but just not...
Not in the...
We just didn't get no benefit from that.
I mean, everybody was going on about,
wow, you know, Ferrell is going to be that great lead in well.
You know, and we got along with him great.
I liked him, but, you know, he cooked his own goose.
We see audiences monitor here, but it happens to be true.
But the fact that a matter is, was he like providing us with any goose
up in the number there?
No.
It's too early to even make an impact.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you know, you got to get some momentum going.
In October?
Early here.
Well, that was good.
That was good for us in October?
No.
For that?
What are you talking about?
I know you're talking about something else.
Like that.
26 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
I'll tell you one thing.
Our good friend Katrina, man, she's lost 9 pounds on balance for life in just a few days.
Once she starts 17th?
Yes.
And that's including all of these holidays.
So in two weeks, she's lost 9 pounds in balance for life.
And I knew Katrina we could trust because she, she's just a delightful person,
but she's chubby.
She needs to lose some weight, a lot of it.
And I know she's very sincere about this.
I'm like the beast.
She's nothing but a spoiled rotten brat.
And the reason you can lose weight on balance for life is that it's easy.
Just like she did on Thanksgiving, she could have gotten sucked in with all the time.
A lot of other crap and eaten tons and tons of stuff that would put the weight back on right away.
She didn't do it.
She just reached outside the door, grabbed her black sack, and she was happy and satisfied and full all day long.
Probably liked herself at a room, but nevertheless.
Balance for life delivers right to your door, three delicious gourmet meals and two great snacks every single day in that black sack.
You pick them because they send you a menu every week.
You fax it back to them with your choices for each meal and snack every day that's around the program.
And the food is fresh and delicious.
You'll be full all day long.
And that's the secret of you.
If you're hungry, you're going to cheat.
If you're not satisfied, you're going to cheat.
If the food tastes like crap, you're going to cheat.
That's why balance for life can work for you because the food is all fresh and delicious.
Nothing frozen, nothing freefab.
And like I said, there's plenty of it to keep you full all day long.
You've started seeing results on the skill and just a matter of days.
So if you're frustrated with all the other weight laws programs, you haven't been able to do it and keep it off.
This could be the answer you've been hoping and praying for balance for life.
Call them today.
9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29.
9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 or check them out on the wicked web at balanceforlife.com.
5-In-Local, this is 5-16.
The radio is on your...
2-8-M!
Grab my junior, honey.
Jimmy and Danny, uh...
Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
You can donate a meal for Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
We have a follow-up from Nira, Marr.
Hello?
Yea I got a question.
They also have a question.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
David Wartley.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
I'm only going to ask it more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley
along the Hot Mints, wherever your hot Mints comes with its own frigid air.
Leading 32 or 560, I'm looking at my O H E sky guide,
my travel guide here that has the listings of all the flights.
Okay.
Because again, the broadcast between the game, the, the mobs broadcast system,
the Minnesota Synos was in St. Louis, I just checked.
There's an American Airlines flight, 6.32 p.m. daily.
Arrives in Miami at 10.10.
Yeah, but then what about the jet lag and what about, uh,
because there's an hours difference here to St. Louis.
So like 7.32, it's about 2.5 hour flight.
Gee, that's all, that seems like a long flight, isn't it?
It does say a Lewis.
Right.
It's a thousand and sixty nine.
No, that's about right.
At any rate, 10.10.
So he could have had his, uh, limo pick him up there,
had his ass home in bed by 11 o'clock at the latest in,
but we're 11.15, okay?
That's unacceptable.
Could have glued that piece in place before we got up,
slept till three o'clock in the morning,
and now he couldn't have made it.
I got aside with Mo.
I'll come to QM jet didn't, uh, climb back, huh?
How come we didn't charter a special jet to fly the mohmist,
to get his ass on there this morning?
I can't stand guys taking a lot of time off.
I hate that.
Take a look at me, man.
Every single day I show up here, right?
Right.
Well, I feel like it.
And who is the outskirts this year?
You or me, huh?
I always talk about the old man, the old man,
I'm the daughtering old man, but you, Mr.
you're the one that's always sick, crawling around,
puking your guts out all that bad weed.
I'm all that bad, hot water in your house.
Let's see how well.
All the oxies that rush left behind,
I went into rehab.
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete to play
for a South Florida team?
Dan Moreno, 148, 49 points,
and almost half out of 298.
I don't care about sports, 53, 17.7%.
We don't care.
Nothing you do will excite us,
even if they come here and dittle with me.
Tom Elbury, 35.
Larry Zaka, oh, I got another good name for it.
We put hockey players on there.
How about my good friend Ray Whitney, huh?
Ray was exciting.
Right?
Okay.
I'm telling you right now,
trust me what I tell you.
Ray was an exciting little player, okay?
Ray Whitney, we could put a couple more hockey players on there.
We could put stew barns.
Stew barns, which I see.
Marty Strack had just got created of the Kings.
Anybody here?
Oh.
Oh.
As the penguins continued on load salary
because they're having to go out of business sale,
they suck, they're crumbling, they're falling apart.
Maybe Mike Lang can come down and do all the sports broadcasts.
Once he gets loses his team in Pittsburgh.
That's a good idea.
You know what?
Mike Lang can come down and do the penguins with the Panther games.
If we still have a team, he can do the dolphin games.
Palm, Albert, 37.
Larry Zaka, 17.
Paul Warfield, 13.
J. Feet was gotten yine.
Oh.
How do you like that?
He's gotten yine.
The Geezer, John Van Beesbrook, 8.
Not too crazy about the Nishvartsus.
Josh Beckett, 5.
A lot of morning four.
Tim Hardaway, 3.
Mercury, Morris, 3.
Jeff Cohen, 9, 2.
And little Chuckie Cardo, have any.
He's got the big one.
Which I have no idea why he's on in the first place.
Do you have any idea why he's on there?
Who?
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing great.
How are you doing?
I got Gary Sheffield.
Gary Sheffield has just got traded in the Yankees by the way.
Gary Sheffield's a good name.
Yeah.
Good talent.
Pretty exciting.
Certainly more exciting than J. Feetler.
The more exciting than the Bees and George.
Well, not quite.
Not a beast in clearance.
You ought to see them go out.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a great holiday.
Gary Sheffield, how could we leave him off of there?
I think Don Trovell will us ought to be on there, don't you?
Yes.
You know how to spell that?
Yes.
I never very hit the first time.
Well, I don't know what the pull was.
We were taken.
But somebody called in said Don Trovellus.
And I didn't even know who the hell he was.
That was like when we went after the first brought him up.
I said, who in hell is he?
Is he a basketball player?
Who in hell is Don Trovellus?
I still don't know.
Yeah, how do you know?
I don't.
Yeah, you do.
I don't.
What teams he played for?
I don't know what Sporty plays.
What sport does he play?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do take a guess.
Josh, look me in the eye.
I don't know.
That's scary.
With all the hoopla, with all the hype, with all that bandwagon,
the Marlon business going on, and you don't know to hell with Don Trovell.
Shame on you, mister.
That's one thing that's not interested in sports.
But to be militant about it, to like,
to refuse to allow it to penetrate your otherwise nimble brain.
That's not enough shame.
I don't have the ability to decide.
It just doesn't go there.
You don't have the ability?
Testless.
A lot of the colors of said that.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out of your right now,
kick your goddamn teeth in.
There's another guy who didn't have the ability.
That's why they shipped his ass back to San Francisco,
and he got canned there too.
But it'll Alex Bennett.
So who are we putting on a list?
Don Trovellus and Ray Whitney.
Okay.
I'll get some votes.
Oh, I put Pavel on there too.
Or who was the other stew.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Didn't you want to do one there?
Stubars, yes.
All right.
Stoo, they're still crying about stew.
We goose down numbers down to about a one share
with me talking about stewards and Chris Wells that year
with the packs and people were looking at me like,
what the hell are you doing?
Remember those days?
Mm-hmm.
And Rick and Suds Rick Rally was ripping me in ass
for talking about Chris Wells and all that crap.
Speaking of St. Louis, I remember I had a call.
Why, how do you like this?
What year would that have been about eight years ago?
Right.
Paxton?
Sure.
And I remember very vividly.
A caller says, well, I'm just in town from St. Louis.
But whoever this Chris Wells guy is,
must be awfully important because I hear you talking about him every day
and the show.
And he was right.
Those were the days when I was foolish when I was talking about things
that I thought were interesting and exciting and nobody else cared about.
Because we had a hockey team in South Florida.
And everybody else said, what the hell are you talking about, Mr. E.
You crazy person?
And George said, you're the best he is.
He's old and feeble.
You don't get it.
He's a slow learner.
I remember that call like it was only yesterday.
And it was my good close friend Rick Riley,
whom you hate like poison.
Rip in me and ask for talking about Chris.
And you were right, Rick.
I have to.
I was wrong.
You were right.
Every dog gets his bone, OK?
And Rick had his bone that day.
He wouldn't share it.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
There's a lot of coming over there.
Nick Bata-Cotti.
Yeah, the whole 7 and 2 team.
Nick Bata-Cotti, you know how to spell that, do you?
No, but I'm going to make something up.
BU-O-N-A-C-U-N-T-I-Vonaconte.
And I'll tell you how else.
AJ Dewey.
DU-H-E.
AJ Dewey.
Remember him?
No.
Here you do.
He looked just like Joe Clico.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Marlison.
Let's at least get a big list of names here
then we can wipe it all off.
And then when we change the pool, OK?
Make it feel like we accomplished something here.
Here's something.
Liberal radio group says it's close to acquiring five stations.
Oh my God.
Wow.
You ready for that?
I'm ready.
Lots of people.
You think it's going to have a gigantic impact?
No.
No.
Well, I'll begin with that.
People are going to want to know where the hell they're going to be.
Maybe they're going to buy WQM and get rid of all that sports crap on here.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
We're going to buy WQM.
Oh.
The 560 WQM Morning Sports Zoo.
Brought to you by...
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it va
What's wrong with you?
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
Older brother,
with that is a major asshole.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm the same.
Her trip was right.
Democratic investment groups are planning to start a liberal radio network to counterbalance
conservative radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh, says it's close to buying radio stations in
five major cities.
The acquisitions would represent a major move toward making the network real.
After its conception was announced in February, many radio analysts and even some democratic
activists predicted the network would face too many challenges to get off the ground,
including finding stations throughout its programming and booking a historical record
replete with failed liberal radio attempts.
But executives with the newly formed company, Progress Media, said late last week that if
all went as planned they would have that network running by early spring in time to be
part of the public dialogue during the presidential campaign season.
The executives said the stations they were acquiring reached all radios in five of the
10 largest media markets, New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Philadelphia, and Boston.
They said they would buy stations in other markets in the near future.
Oh, right.
Like maybe this one.
Where steady as she goes to have a broadcast debut in early 2004, which gives us time to
be part of the election year, said Mark Walsh, the company's chief executive and an internet
entrepreneur formerly with Vertical Net and America Online.
The group is planning to present a daily schedule filled with liberal personalities as host
the range of programs, including news analysis segments, talk shows, and entertainment programs
in the spirit of the daily show, the Spoof News program on cable TV's Comedy Central
that skewers Washington.
That's just what we need is another daily show.
Not.
Joe, John Sinton, Progress Media's president, said the company had hired Liz Winsdead.
One of the creators of the daily showed overseas entertainment programming, Shelley Lewis,
a long time network news producer, was most recently in charge of America Morning on CNN,
will oversee news programming, Mr. Sinton Be Sain.
He said, Progress Media was pursuing a deal to give the comedian Al Franken, a daily
talk show.
The company's programming division is to be called Central Air, is also talking with
representatives of comedian Jeanine Garafalo.
The network has hired Martin Kaplan to be host of an early evening talk show about the
news media, and it goes on about they're going to do this and they're going to do that,
and Mr. Limbaugh says, you own this and you own that, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, that's it.
Much of the money for the company initially came from Sheldon and needed drop me wealthy
Chicago Democrats who originated the project and sold much of their stake to Evan Cohen,
a New York investor.
This whole thing sounds like a Jew thing to me, you know.
Hey, Cohen and Kaplan and Schwartz and Robinowitz and Goldberg, huh?
Franken.
And Al Franken, sounds like a Jew thing to me.
Hey, I just mentioned that in passing through.
Two bastards.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, what am I giving the numbers out?
I don't want any more names for this pool.
We got enough.
Because we're going to close it out.
When it down, we're closing it out.
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete to play for South Florida team?
We got 340 votes.
Pretty heavy duty considering Dan Moreno has got almost 51%.
173 for Danny Boy.
I don't care about sports.
57, 16 and a half percent.
Don't give a flying crap.
Tom Elbury 39, who clearly ought to be the winner.
Larry Zonker 20, Paul Warfield 14.
Jay Fiedler's got 11.
That is enough to make me want to do a big dump on a chair right here.
Just sit here and just sit here and wattle when it for hours.
Just get down on my hands and ease and sniff it.
Isn't that disgusting?
Jay Fiedler's got 11 votes as the most exciting athlete ever to play for South Florida
sports team.
That has got to be so unbelievably ridiculous and ludicrous and insane.
Those people need to be taken off for a sanity test.
John Van Beesbrook and Jesus got in.
Josh Beckett 5, Mercury Morris 4, Alonzo Morning 4, Tim Hardaway 4, Jeff Cohen 9, 2,
Tucky Carr got 1 and look at this.
No votes.
Zero.
For Ray Whitney, Stu Barnes, Gary Schiff, field on trouble.
Let's Nick Bonacotti, AJ, Duin Marklain have got the biggest.
Zero.
Are you ready for that?
What?
Like they say on the P8.
Are you ready for that?
Are you ready for that?
Are you ready for this?
No, you're ready for that.
This and that.
And don't be disin it.
344 votes in Danny Boy just crushes the competition.
We want you back, Danny Boy, or they want you back.
I couldn't give a flying crap one way or the other.
Officials says Alkaita plans something big.
This was on the USA today.
I'm like that thing that you fact me that I still believe is fake.
All of them look pretty real, didn't it?
Yeah.
I mean, I looked at over.
First I saw an elder roger's, and I thought, wow, you know.
But it's like a real thing from the Daily Times monitor from the British.
Who the hell knows.
But for August the twelfth, you would think that if there was any validity of this whatsoever
that somebody would have picked it up somewhere, one would think.
One would think.
Nell the Rogers.
Oh, God.
I'm called worse.
And Montreal, they said, hey, beautiful.
A top counter terrorism official says Alkaita operatives dropped plans this year for several
small attacks in the USA to focus on plotting a more spectacular result comparable to 9.11
attacks.
Nothing we want to get you nervous or anything like that.
But it wants you during the middle of the holiday, given all panicky.
But this is just what they're saying.
The US counter terrorism official has asked us to all intelligence on the terrorist group
told USA today this week, last week, that officials had no specific evidence to indicate
how or when Alkaita might try to launch a massive threat.
I thought we got rid of them.
Didn't we?
Oh, yeah.
We do have a fantastic job and we spent all of that money.
Or at least we could have spent all the money, the 87 million that were flushed down the
toilet on Iraq.
It makes me just want to barf.
Oh, well, you know, they got to, they got to like put this government in place.
They got to get the schools built.
And they got to put together all the stuff that we blew up and all the hospitals and the
infrastructure that we blew up.
Don't forget that.
It's fine.
You mean the oil that they're not going to burn?
That's right.
But the officials said interviews with Alkaita detainees intercept the communications from
suspected operatives and other sources have yielded evidence that Osama bin Laden's network
still has a command structure and a determination to launch an attack that might rob all these
suicide hijackings.
It's clear that Alkaita wants to strike here and that it continues to seek opportunities
for a catastrophic attack said the official who asked not to be identified.
Recent intelligence reports indicate that Alkaita remains fascinated by the idea of using
aircraft as missiles despite the additional security US airports since the non-loving
attacks the official said.
Oh, yeah.
US analysts still say explosive typically used in more limited assaults, including vehicle
bombs and suicide attacks, remain Alkaita's most likely weapon here.
But intelligence reports suggest that some of the network's operatives think that an
attack using chemical or biological weapons could be a way to top the non-loving attacks.
And remember what that story was we had last was it on Wednesday or Thursday, Wednesday?
Who now was it the former commander of the general Tommy Franks, wasn't it?
Tommy Franks.
Was it?
Yeah.
Okay.
And he said if we have a weapon of mass destruction attacked such as like that, chemical
or biological weapons, that we could kiss the constitution to buy and paraphrase
you now.
A pretty damn close.
It was on our website.
It's on there.
In other words, there's just another excuse.
Oh, goodbye to our freedoms.
Okay.
Start goose stepping.
It says it's other.
It's unclear whether Alkaita has group whether the group has access to chemical or biological
weapons, but those weapons represent a more likely concern than nuclear arms, US analysts
say.
And there it goes.
So again, don't get all panicky nervous.
Just live your life.
Which is what we're going to do anyway.
But it's still what make a lot of us feel like.
Hell of a lot better if all of these billions of dollars that they're flushing down a toilet.
You see, if they weren't flushing the 87 billion dollar, then they could have like a real
Medicare plan.
They could have had a bill that would have really taken care of senior citizens without
the big holes in there.
All the big gaps.
You starting up again.
Yes.
I'll tell you, we also started.
Up George Soros.
He's donated almost five billion dollars over the years to help him merge into democracies
in Eastern Europe, recovered from the shadow of tyranny.
Now he's applying the same principles and a large chunk of his fortune to the US, where
he believes the defeat of George Bush in next year's presidential election is to quote
him a matter of life and death.
Absolutely correct sir.
So far, he's spent more than 15 million dollars.
Two thirds of it going to a liberal-leading group called America coming together.
Squirt, Squirt.
Which intense to mobilize voters in battleground states next November.
Three million dollars of it going to a new Washington think tank run by Bill Clinton's
former chief of staff John Podesta.
And two and a half million dollars to be passionately anti-Bush internet lobbying group
move on.org to help pay for TV ads attacking the president.
To which we say, all right, better late than ever.
I like how man be panby he is.
Political donations on the scale have precedents on the right, figures such as Richard
Mellon's Skaith and Howard Aminston have given hundreds of millions of dollars over several
decades on political projects, both high setting up the Heritage Foundation think tank,
the driving engine of the Reagan presidency and low bank ruling investigations into president
Clinton's sexual indiscretions and the suicide of what house insider Vince Foster.
Oh, didn't the Clinton's kill Vince Foster just turn on rushes out in five minutes.
I think that Clinton's killed the Vince Foster and but foster in the Jake Foster in
for the foster to make him a father.
I believe so.
Clinton always was a tough one at banana.
But on the left, it's almost unheard of this kind of fanatical fundraising.
Mr. Soros has given money to political campaigns before this though is very different in recent
interviews.
He's like in the with it or us or with us are against this rhetoric of the Bush administration
to the political language of Nazi Germany.
And once again, he is absolutely correct.
And in the forthcoming book, the bubble of American supremacy, he argues that the destructive
arrogance of the White House in Iraq and elsewhere is like an overheating of the stock
market that must end and will be corrected.
The Hungarian-born financier and philanthropist described the Bush administration's policies
as a crude form of social Darwinism.
I call it crude because it ignores the role of cooperation in the survival of the fittest
and puts all the emphasis on competition.
And he explains why the current administration is so much at odds with the driving ideology
of his worldwide open society institute.
The supremacist ideology of the Bush administration stands in opposition to the principles of an
open society which recognizes that people have different views and that nobody is in
position of the ultimate truth he writes.
When President Bush says as he does frequently that freedom will prevail, he means that
America will prevail.
In a free and open society, people are supposed to decide for themselves what they mean by
freedom and democracy and not simply follow America's lead.
A chasm is open between America and the rest of the world.
Unlike other critics who made casual comparisons between the Bush White House and the Nazis, Mr.
Sorrow speaks with some authority he survived the German occupation of Budapest as a boy.
How do you like that?
He is going to open up that wallet and win a doubt, pump him out and say bye bye to the
fascist boond.
Let's say bye bye to this poll what do you say?
Okay.
I know you depressed about that.
You probably want to hear a lot more names.
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever to play for South Florida team Dan
Marina 183?
Overwhelming winner almost 50% out of 374 votes.
Danny Boye.
Don't care about sports 62.
Bob Elbury 43.
Larry Zockett 22.
Paul Warfield 14.
J. Feedler 12.
The dirty dozen.
John Van Gieserbrook 10.
Josh Beckett 6th.
Tim Ardaway 5.
Lanzza Morning Zoh.
4.
Mercury Morris 4.
Jeff Kohn I'm 3.
Mark Clayton 3.
Don Trewell.
Willis got a pair.
Chuckie Care out.
Cars got one.
And no vote for Ray Whitney.
Stubborns.
Gary Sheffield.
Nick Bonacotta or AJ Dewey.
What a sad day.
I'm out of control.
This is sports real bicycle.
QAM.
And a Homeland Security Tom Ridge.
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to Bink for
the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
You're taking a different eye off the shelf.
Might be easier if you killed yourself.
Yeah.
Little Skundag won't get no pull roll.
It's time to deep friendly boy Malmo.
They got injections and a lethal.
People are waiting for them on their phone.
But I don't think that's the way to go.
I say we deep friendly boy Malmo.
All right.
Let's send a deep friendly boy Malmo.
Come give him a dislike of her lazy soul.
Maybe no time to until a phone call.
It's time to deep friendly boy Malmo.
Oh.
Trouble one.
Just fry his ass and save a lot of money.
All these stupid ass trials.
I think one true first would run a smegmo mohammer.
I don't know why we waste our time with that.
They're out there killing people out of the truck of a car.
Just fry their ass and get it over with.
I'm adding Tampa to the pool.
I was inspired by the first press in color.
How come we can't hear you over?
Because I'm not on the urine tampon.
Don't want to be on the urine.
We went through that disaster.
There might be something on your life.
Check back what is later.
Man.
What a bunch of nose picking yehoo.
That's the west coast of Florida.
Can you name me one place on the west coast of Florida that you would call civilized?
I mean seriously.
Can you name a soda?
No.
Clear water?
No.
Venice?
No.
Englewood?
No.
Everglades City?
That's on the west coast.
What?
Everglades City.
How about Panama City?
A bunch of Bible-fump and assholes, beautiful beaches, but the wrong people.
See that?
Like Montreal.
It's a beautiful city in very European.
They got like a...
I mean, the shopping there and the eating and everything is just the wrong people.
They need a people transplant.
That's what they need in Tampa.
Wow.
Wow, wow, wow.
For the first sign if there's something wrong is too much orange hair, you know?
Too many cartoon character looking people.
Orange-haired redneck.
So most of those people have been like kicked out of the trailer parks all over the US.
They've been kicked off.
They've been refused admission to the Jerry Springer audience.
And they've also been kicked out of trailer parks.
What does that say?
Yeah.
That's the people in Tampa.
What a bunch of Neanderthal.
I just can't get over it.
You go over there and you like scour.
You look around, you go to a shopping mall and you say,
is there anybody?
Is there a human being here?
No.
No chance.
Tampa.
That'll start collecting some votes.
And what's...
See, I don't like the way I worded this.
I don't want Eric to have to change the wording because it's poorly worded.
I said that to you before the show.
And you're just so lazy.
I don't care.
You don't care.
I don't argue with you.
No, you're right.
I don't care either.
See, let me finish.
She just want to argue.
I don't care either.
What do we care?
It's just for fun.
It's just something like lots of people at their event.
Just vent a little bit.
You know?
Just open up your cheek and then bend it out.
And I would...
See, I digress.
But now that I'm talking about Farts.
Yeah.
I got to say this.
Before I get to the Ricksonch history,
which I see a lot of some learning.
No, the nutritional nuts.
You know, the vegetarians, the ones who eat a lot of blood.
Oh, sure.
Garlic under-ass.
They're always saying, well, you know, if you're really healthy,
if you eat the right foods, then your Farts have no odor.
You know, when you emit the...
Oh, yeah, right.
You know what I'm talking about.
You've heard that.
Well, let me tell you that.
That takes a good part of...
In fact, that pulled you head on there on Friday.
That should have been on there.
Farting.
That's right.
Sniffing your own Farts.
But if that is one of the great things to live for.
And I still say, man, in the shower,
what I'm going to do one of these days.
Like, you know, if I'm really bored,
I'm just going to get like a couple of big cans of Heinz baked beans.
And we're way to a couple of hours,
and I'm going to go into the shower.
And I'm just going to have me the time of my life.
I'm a serious man.
There's nothing like being in a real good steamy shower
and just cutting away.
What?
You know what I'm talking about.
And you're sniffing.
And I don't care all you snooty people out there
who think that your stuff don't stink.
You're not fooling us.
In between digging for seeds,
you're probably farting your brains out.
And when...
Wafting it up toward your nose
with your... with your...
with your palm of your hand.
And also guys,
a really nice, what sound, too?
From your mouth.
God.
There's just something so beautiful and aromatic.
And I still say it's one of the great mysteries of life.
How you can cut exactly the same fart in publics.
And all of a sudden, like,
oh, no, I didn't do that.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Real aromatic.
Just a real nasal lining burner.
And it's like the worst thing in history.
But if you're all alone in the shower,
like maybe out of the covers,
you're alone in bed,
which you can relate to that.
Okay.
How's that list coming?
Montreal 8, Paris 7 and Tampa don't have any votes yet.
Out of the first few votes on that poll,
get serious.
In what city in the world are the highest percentage of people?
Are they very, very ugly?
That's what I meant to say.
But they all understand.
We got Montreal, Paris and Tampa.
I'm sure they'll have some others.
Or not, as the case may be.
Here's some good news.
See, unlike that fat,
butlic and Paul casted it over.
You're a good close friend.
Unlike him, we don't feel compelled on this show
to pretend to be big fans of people
who are major assholes who are reviled by electric sands.
We can't stand rich sands.
We find, in fact,
how would you like to smell his parts, huh?
Oh, no, thank you.
Wow.
Can you even imagine?
Were that fat ass?
Let go.
He's got a much fatter ass down on.
And he's only a little guy.
He's only about two feet tall.
I'm never forget today he came in.
I don't know what Kelly was doing there
because he was working right next door when we were at IOD.
And he was sitting up front and by Cheryl's desk.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny looking.
Yeah, and he realized he came up to my knee.
He's about two feet tall.
So they must do like Bob Meir.
They must prop him up on about six telephone books.
The only difference is that we like Bob Meir.
That's the difference.
A lot.
Yeah.
Bob just turned 90.
Sweet results show rich sands has struggling.
You're struggling.
Like the struggling lady used to say,
you're struggling.
Remember her?
No.
But that's before your time.
Yeah, she was like the tree lady kind of struggling.
Only the tree lady at least was nice.
She just had a crazy son.
Glenn Garvin in a Harold writes,
it hasn't been a happy homecoming for rich snatches,
at least in terms of viewers.
His highly, see, MSNBC,
when you get dumped off MSNBC,
which has no viewers at all,
then you know the jig is up like down in you.
You know, he gave it a shot.
You're done, Phil.
Go back and vote for Nader again, you idiot.
He's done.
You can and impressed.
They had a pretty good show compared to the other crap on here.
No audience.
They're done.
Anyways, big and a rich sands,
his highly promoted Channel 6 afternoon talk show
was hammered in the Nielsen ratings released on Friday,
finishing even behind Japanese monster cartoons.
Ha ha ha.
The rich sands show, in fact,
barely registered at all in the ratings
as a highly sarcastic Glenn Garvin.
Nice going, Glenn.
Putting in just two percent of the viewers
in his weekday 4 p.m. time slot,
rivaling probably the numbers we had on Whammy.
Remember those days?
Mm-hmm.
It was clobbered not only by rival talk shows like Oprah
and Judge Judy,
which both out your sands has by margin of about seven to one,
but the Japanese cartoon,
Pokemon on Channel 39 had doubly audience.
Pokemon.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah.
God.
Ha ha ha ha.
Well, actually, some Pokemon in the Pillsbury Doe Boys
are good combo because a lot of people confuse rich sands
with the Pillsbury Doe Boy.
Ticka.
The November ratings sweeps period that ended through.
They was the first since the rich sands show
they viewed in mid-October after sands has returned to sound
photo from a two-year stint as Anchored MSNBC,
where they got caught onto him pretty quick.
Sands has piled up,
see, this is wrong, Glenn.
Sands has piled up powerhouse ratings in the 80s and 90s.
Anchored WSVN's tabloid newscast.
But so far at least viewers seemed less enchanted with them as a talk show host.
Now see, he didn't pile up the big numbers.
The Channel 7 news piled up.
He happened to be the news reader at the time.
The news emoteer.
Right?
He was emoting the news.
He was emoteer mount.
Very breathlessly.
Chalcer news.
And the fact of the matter is people hated the men just as much as they do now.
And who the hell is going to turn on rich sands to watch him do a talk show?
Why would anybody want to do that?
Would you?
No.
God.
And obviously there's anybody else.
But why did you fact me that thing about Gary or Premier twice,
which it was that the one you were saying was the definitive answer that it hadn't gotten?
You fact you're fact me all of these again.
Glenn and Connecticut.
That's the one.
I see it's a different one.
I apologize.
I apologize.
Sorry, I did miss the first five minutes of the show today.
My asshole boss asked me a question at that time.
I should have known you'd pick up on a Bush Hillary propaganda battle.
But how could I not, Glenn and Connecticut?
I don't get up at anybody not see through that even more on saw through that.
Absolutely.
Christ.
She shows up there for a good photo op in Afghanistan and Iraq.
And hey, guess what, swillery?
And you know what that tells me?
That tells me they're scared crap less of her.
Isn't that embarrassing?
No, no, really.
They're scared that they're her.
And I don't know why there's something about her.
I just don't know what it is.
We took that pool here a couple of weeks ago.
She did great.
Yeah.
I don't know what that is all about.
Anyway, Mike was becoming out of control.
He says I used to go to school at USF in Tampa.
And we regularly come home before Lauderdale via flight that originated in Cleveland.
Wow.
He says I've never seen so many fat, ugly, smelly people in my life.
So there's another one for the pool.
Cleveland.
Yeah.
The mistake by the lake.
Wow.
Hempanneer in a long time since that football game.
43 years ago went to a football game in the Giants and the Browns in the snow.
Frozen my ass and they're all sitting up there,
passing bottles around in the stands, you know.
Bottles around each trouble maker says early entry for your next pool had the unfortunate experience of going on for breakfast in Asheville, North Carolina.
Yeah.
But any city in North Carolina should be the winner.
We'll pick Asheville.
Thank you.
Never have I seen so many gigantic fat and pasty white people, young and old,
and watered down the aisle that gorge themselves on how many grits and biscuits.
Yuck, he says.
Written like someone who's been there.
Yeah.
Y'all come back now.
He says since it's my birthday and a kill little time, I was wondering what the latest Joe's the gackly,
hey, yell would sound like it.
The point in the glory, give the glitters somewhere, everyone's supposed to yell, hey, I think he's even on cue.
Well, we'll find out someday, I guess, huh?
Because we don't have the technical ability to do that.
Sure we do.
We do.
We'll all fire off Gary Glitter and you can fire Joe.
Oh, okay, here we go.
Oh, you want me to do it now?
No, wait a minute.
What is Joe saying here?
Oh, my.
Yeah.
Oh.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
He says the point where we're supposed to yell, hey, oh, yeah.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
I don't think it's gonna work.
No.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, you know where it comes, Greg.
You have to wait here.
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Quartz work.
Quartz.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Hey, you know what that's it work.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh.
Okay, I have to kill it.
Not a bad idea.
That killed some good time.
So Rick Sands has your struggling, Rick.
Nobody wants to watch your sorry ass stupid ass TV show, okay?
Christ.
But, you know, it's another one of those guys like Michelle Gill in the same thing, a legend in their own mind.
Another guy who is much into about nothing, small potatoes, a silly person that nobody took seriously.
He was kind of like a Tony Cigarette or kind of guy, you know, silly in a different way.
That's another good poll question for the day.
Can you name one person that wherever went to the University of Miami who wasn't a silly clown?
The beast.
Think about it.
Huh?
The beast.
There you go.
He's the portrait child.
Tony Cigarette, oh, clearance, silly clowns.
They pump them out there, man.
It's like a factory, a silly clown factory.
Wouldn't surprise me if John Wayne Gacy spent some time there.
Clown college.
1213 at 5 in Sarasota.
Found Collins.
Oh, that's a law that goes back a long time.
Wow, wow, wow.
Hey, imagine this.
Imagine Todd Dreck bleeding the death right in front of your house.
All right.
Imagine zero closing cause, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discovery.
And if you're not at a point, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with an interest rate of just 1.95%.
That's right.
You heard right.
And it means like if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are a mere $738 a month.
Once you be financed, or get you a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
You want to find out about it?
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
Grab yourself real financing.
Par with the low-rate mortgage.
You can move to your next property without further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
Call 1-800-940-LAND for details.
It's a whole exciting new way to buy.
If you pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero prepayment, and petally,
zero closing costs, even when you move to another property.
Get yourself financing at the amazingly low rate of just 1.95%.
And don't forget, never ever pay closing costs again.
Call financial group today.
Hop on it.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
940-LAND.
Either an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly.
5.19 APR.
Live, live, and local.
We are Sports Radio 560-CUA-AM.
On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They wrote the theme song to the sopranos.
And we've never heard from them again.
Tonight, we go looking for Alabama 3.
A league of the small,
and a lot of the other.
Alabama 3?
I've never heard of them.
A legitimate new Jersey businessman who wants to be known only as a Guito.
Hey, that's Guito, not A, Guito.
That makes it sound generic.
You're trying to reduce me to a cultural stereotype you Ivy League.
I'm sorry.
Do go on.
Like I would say it.
I don't know from Alabama 3.
What I do know is they write this song
and suddenly certain criminal elements of our society are in the spotlight again.
And they are not happy.
And maybe they would like to kill Alabama 3 in a painful way.
And be willing to pay handsomely for it too.
With good money writing on it, we begin our search for Alabama 3.
A band formed in London, England by Nikol D.J. Larry Love, whose real name was Robert Sprag.
We soon found Robert Sprag's father.
I have a number three.
Now, mate, now.
My son, Robert, I don't even have a son.
I never could.
Low sperm count.
Why pace me for it, but what can you do?
Dad, who are you talking to?
Oh, I say Robert, get back in the secret room.
But I'm tired of going on your stupid n-
That was nothing at all.
It may indeed have been nothing.
But to us, it looked a lot like the man behind Alabama 3 was hiding like a frightened little girl
in his father's basement.
So we did what any respectable journalist in need of quick cash would do.
We like we don't know about it.
Hey, we know he's in trouble!
Well, whatever happens next, we never had this conversation.
Do I make myself clear?
It's a big juicy, sapping wood like a show business.
Tonight, I'm inside the behind.
From 18 to 560 W.C.
You know that story that you facts me earlier that I got sucked into reading?
Yeah.
That you got sucked into facts in me that I got sucked into reading?
Yes.
Al Martin, raw.com is one of these conspiratorial,
we eat wacky websites.
Not another one at all.
Another one of those.
The conspirators and yani, yani, yani, and...
So I just checked out the website and so I'm going to tear that up along with all the other stuff.
Yeah, almost 100 people just died mysteriously.
They've disappeared.
Okay, whatever you say.
You know there's no valid material without having to make stuff up about these people.
46, that's right.
46 votes on this pool.
Maybe this pool ain't going to go over that big, but let me say it again.
See, two things I would say, even though they were all ugly people in my view all of them.
I mean, not just ordinary ugly, but very, very French, you're a nasty, ugly fat, gross.
But the fact that a matter is the most useful thing that you can do in your life.
I don't care what anybody else is, travel.
Okay, because the less you travel, the more parochial you are and the less significant your life is,
the less you know about the world, and you just say your existence is set.
And I'm not saying you have to have a lot of money to travel.
What about you do?
No, you don't.
That's the only way.
That's the only way.
That all depends on what we're talking about traveling to.
Yeah, if you want to go to Europe, if you want to go to Hawaii.
If you want to go to Hawaii, I suck it.
Yeah, I might cost you a few bucks.
Yeah.
But I'm serious.
You look into travel sections of your newspapers, you go online,
and you see these different deals.
And I mean, you know, a schlepper like you, you're not going to fly business class anyway.
You're going to fly in cargo if you'll take your ass.
Steerage.
That's right.
You'll fly with a cattle back there that you'll let them put you into the lo and the cages with the dogs.
Anything.
I'm telling you, that's the way to go.
Is find out about the world and go there and see it because anybody that tells you...
Oh, I don't go to someone so it really blows.
Don't pay any attention to them.
How many times have we had that experience like restaurants?
Oh, no, go there, it stinks.
We'll go try it for yourself, you know?
And then you fight out there and what they're talking about.
Like Vegas, when people would call up and go, oh, look Vegas.
Screw them.
I'm going to tell you right now, anybody who goes to Vegas and has a bad time is A,
either a moron and a loser or B, lost more money than they wanted to or C,
went there thinking they were going to win money and lost.
Vegas is a place you make a donation.
It's like charity.
It's like going to what charity benefit, but you have a great time.
That's all.
And if by some miracle you break even or you lose very little or you come home winning even,
then you go, oh right.
You know, what a great time.
It actually came up with more cash than I left with.
Pay for the whole trip and then some.
Some even in Vegas.
Well, there you go.
What's the doctor like?
Gosh, is up.
He says, how much?
250.
But third man.
That's all?
250.
Grizita and Teddy were put to decimal point.
But what what their business is?
If you go there and we've had a few of these people over the years calling on the show,
a lot of you have heard it.
Oh, I went there based on your say so on your recommendation.
And I thought it was suck it.
Suck it in a day.
It was horrible.
Those are sour nasty people.
If you're one of those people, don't go anywhere.
In fact, in your case, I would say just the opposite.
Don't leave home.
Right.
Don't export.
Don't export your misery.
Don't go on.
Which is South Florida's favorite occupation is making everybody else as miserable as they are.
Don't do it.
Stay in hell where you are.
It's like people are calling.
Oh, yeah.
I moved here from Toronto.
Toronto, South, what do you like about it?
You know what?
If you don't like it, please don't ever come back here.
I'm begging you.
Don't ever come back here.
Things are too good.
We don't need you here.
Everything's fine.
Sun is shining again right now.
It's 34 degrees.
What the hell more can you want, right?
Maybe a few degrees.
What's the big deal?
Now look at that 35 degrees.
All right.
Things are looking up already as I speak.
I just checked it again.
It's 35 freaking degrees.
This business of people, you'll find that most of the people that talk the biggest about
this place, that place they've never even been there.
They've never been more than 10 blocks from home.
When you realize that 25% of American people have passports, they'll leave 75% of Americans
with no passport.
You got a passport, Josh?
No.
Loser.
George, you got a passport?
No.
Loser.
Okay, look.
Look at that.
Batting a thousand in that room.
In that studio, we're batting a thousand.
But it's still managed to cross borders every now and again.
With a, uh, with a birch it's a good.
No, with a disguise with groucho glasses.
No, seriously.
You think of birch it's a good idea to get into Canada or Mexico, right?
Yeah, the Bahamas too.
I've been with a birch it's a good idea.
Oh, there you go.
The Bahamas.
Now we're talking.
If you have a birch it's a good idea to go to the Bahamas.
Yeah, that's really seeing something, huh?
Talk about rip off a central of the universe.
Christ, if you want to see a bunch of schwarzes just walk outside there.
You don't got to go to the Bahamas to see a bunch of dark folks who are going to rip your ass
off.
Christ.
I'm talking about just like my trip to Montreal these last three days, I don't regret going
there.
We had a good time.
Food was sensational.
I ate way too much.
Well, what else are you going to do there?
Sit around looking at ugly people?
Consider around looking at mirror if I want to do that.
Never have to leave the apartment.
Just go and see places.
Get around.
You know, because pretty soon they're going to stick your ass in a box and there's no
heaven and there's no hell and there's no purgatory and there's no afterlife and there's
no God and there's no Jesus and there's no Moses and there's no Buddha.
So you can either be a real person and get with it and then appreciate life.
Why you got it or you can just sit around in the, you know, who would like that?
Which I find that too many of South Florida are like, wouldn't like that.
That's the problem.
That's one of the reasons that it's revolting to so many of us.
In what city in the world do you find the highest percentage of ugly, very ugly people?
55 votes, 20 say Tampa.
I have no problem with that.
Montreal 17, Paris 15 and of course Montreal and Paris both suffer from the same malady.
You know what that is?
Frog.
That's it.
They have frog disease.
Too many French people.
Warts.
There's nothing wrong with Paris man.
It's a beautiful city.
They're big problem.
The people.
It's like South Florida.
Same thing.
Beautiful palm trees.
The ocean.
The beaches.
Beautiful hotels.
I'll tell you the restaurants.
The people we need to people transplant.
How many people can we keep?
30 men.
Rest of them.
Bye bye.
Cleveland's got two in Asheville, North Carolina's got one.
We'll get some more cities on here.
Mark my words.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'm not just talking about, see there's a difference between nasty people and miserable
people.
We're talking ugly.
I mean really like mutant ugly.
In fact, I got another one.
Okay.
Nashville, Tennessee, Nashville.
How could I forget?
I spent that one month in 1980 in Nashville, Tennessee.
It's felt like 45 years.
You have never seen again.
It's like a sea of orange and purple hair.
The kind of people you see.
The kind of people you see only as cartoon characters the rest of your life.
When you go to Nashville and Tampa, you'll say, holy crap, there actually are people like
that.
Mugwumps.
Y'all come back.
The most narrow-minded Neanderthal gruesome.
I don't know about Montreal because in addition to which, of course, you hear a lot of that
French up there.
Oh, man.
They got French up the ass.
In fact, in Montreal, all the signs are in French first, English second.
Which kind of throws you off because I mean, it's in Canada.
It's in an English-speaking country.
But-
And it's the law, too, right?
It's the law in Quebec.
We, we, we, that's what, that's all they say.
Yeah.
One guy, that old guy that was chasing me down St. Catherine's, but he said, I like the
wee wee.
I whacked him with my umbrella once.
Had to chase him away.
God.
WQAM.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Steve Kane was bashing a crap out of you this morning.
Well, good for him.
I hope he had a good time doing it, asshole.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Sorry, man.
You caught me off guard.
Um, uh, did, uh, did you happen to notice during the, uh, halftime, uh, did you watch
the, uh, the Dallas game on Thanksgiving?
No, I did not.
Now, one second of it.
Well, the, uh, I enjoyed the game because I enjoyed watching the Cowboys getting beat
up.
Yeah.
Um, uh, the, you know, the halftime report was really thickening.
It was this guy.
What's his name?
Toby Keith?
Yeah.
Right when you asked, oh, yeah.
Exactly.
He's running around the country right now waving the flag.
Um, basically encouraging everybody to mindlessly support everything that the government's doing,
um, with this war.
That guy, you know, he's a big time flag waiver.
Well, what the hell was that you had made?
Well, uh, football game.
What was that on halftime?
I don't, you know, it was a halftime.
Oh, it was in Dallas.
That's right.
Yeah.
Right, it was in Dallas.
Check this out.
The guy was playing a Takamini guitar, made in Japan.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm all, I'm all for, for the United States, but I'm,
I'm actually for, for, for putting my money where my mouth is by putting Americans to work for God's sake.
Yeah.
You gotta do that.
Not only that, so I went to the Takamini website.
He's shilling for Takamini.
He's saying he tried, he, he's basically a paid.
Sounds like a pretty cockamini thing to me.
And why the hell I wouldn't anybody be watching a halftime show anyway.
It's time to go out and get some refills, okay?
1228-560 WDQM.
Big news.
Halftime.
Autosity Pondy XGMC has now become auto city Pondy XGMC of Pondcrest.
My good close personal buddy Tom Laman is sold at dealership to Lombarca Perez of auto city Pondy XBJC of homestead.
What did I say?
Auto city BJPondy, that's right.
Expect the same great Neal deals and customer satisfaction you're accustomed to.
As Halft's longtime general sales manager, Joe Prieto is still, he's still got his hand firmly on it and the controls too.
Stop by auto city Pondy XGMC of Pondcrest for great Neal Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock.
Take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save up to 9 grand with rebates and incentives as well.
That's right Neal deals continue with the new auto city Pondy XGMC of Pondcrest at the same great location.
You know it by now, 134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US-1, right across the street from the prestigious Fall Shopping Center, open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info call at Neal Rogers Neal Deal Hotline, it's a toll-free call.
1-885-344-4211.
That's 1-885-344-211.
Don't forget all offers submitted to credit approval seat of folks at auto city Pondy XGMC of Pondcrest for details.
The brand new and exciting auto city Pondy XGMC of Pondcrest low prices without the high pressure.
My and Low Gold, this is 420-560-1212-AM.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Luciano Pavarotti, now the fattest of the three tenors is back, stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by Mother Nature in a new CD box set.
Pavarotti does Motown.
The true they could pay not much longer would you be mine?
Pavarotti does Motown.
If you thought he was good with an area, wait till you hear him work over the real classics.
I'll pay you, I'll pay you, I'll pay you, I'll pay you.
Pavarotti does Motown.
Gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes brought to life in a way you never hoped for.
I'm going to wait till the midnight hour. That's when my local swambling down.
I'm going to wait till the midnight hour.
When there's no value alone.
Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown, but don't tell Luciano or Wilson Pickett.
So what are you waiting for? If you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores, call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering dust for years to come.
Super high homie bunch, you know that I love you.
Oh, I can't help myself. I won't be one of the heavy hills.
Pavarotti does Motown. Get it? Well, surprise laughs. By the way, supplies are not likely to run out anytime soon.
1233 at 560 WQM. Happy Holidays, man. We're not going to pee on your parade. Let's be happy. What do you say?
Oh, let's be angry.
78 boats in one city in the world you find a highest percentage of really very, very ugly people.
See, even an ugly guy like me, I can take a poll like this because one of the great things of life is you don't have to look good to appreciate people who do.
Right. See, as long as your eyes are good. That's right.
Because if everybody, if everybody looked the same, there would be no good looking people. That's right. They would all look ordinary.
That's right. Because everything is relevant.
Quite frankly, I'd rather go to the city where everybody is like ordinary than Montreal.
78 boats, Tampa 25. That's a good choice. Montreal 22, Paris 18. It's the frog factor.
You've heard of the fear factor. We got the frog factors starting soon on a network near you. Probably Fox.
Cleveland 6 Asheville 4 and Asheville's got three. Just went on their Nashville.
You're going to love Nashville. You got to say it right like it's filled V. U.L. Nashville.
There's another hockey team with no reason to exist. Even though they're playing pretty well right now. Nashville predators, no reason to exist.
Buffalo, Florida Panthers, Pittsburgh, Penguin. This is it by the way. All you Penguin fans. All how many of them are?
30 man. This is the last season. You can take it to the bank. WDQ and hello.
Hello. Hi. I speak Niel today. Speaking. Oh, Neil. Okay. I had one thing for your poll. Okay.
Reading Pennsylvania. Reading Pennsylvania. Yes. This near Lancaster where they have a lot of high fat foods. Right.
Okay. And the other thing I want to talk to you about I'm on my lunch break. Couldn't pull it earlier. Yes. What a mummer was. Right. What is on her mother? Okay.
And Philadelphia they have a mummer spray on New Year's. Year's day. You supposedly bunch of much of men who go out and get drunk night before.
They have all night drinking and dressed up in feathers and sequins. At Fran's time. What's broad street.
Excuse me. Playing one of the same school marching in. Oh no. That's a mummer. How embarrassing. Yes. I know I'm ashamed to be from there. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. Sorry. I have a great day.
Reading Pennsylvania. You get that honor. Never been there. I've never been there. Got to have been to writing. No. Don't go. Not PA. The mummers. We all know the Hummer, the Humper. But nobody knows what that. A mummer was until today. So they just dress and drag.
They dress up and drag and they go around singing when the Saints come marching in. And for a minute, I thought it might be a gay thing.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't go to Montreal. That's my best advice to you. Okay. I mean, what are you see when you talk to other people.
Like I said before, they give you all kinds of stories. You know, everybody's got stories. And people say, Oh, Montreal, what a great city. I mean, you know, it.
And in a way, it is. It's just got the wrong people. It's got the strangest, most bizarre people anywhere north of Nashville. I think anywhere north of Reading PA. Maybe all the good looking people were off. Oh, that's Canadian Thanksgiving is different. All right. So much for my theory.
No, no, we already had our Thanksgiving last month. No, I think they shipped all the good looking people to Toronto. And then they allowed me to come in because I was like one of the quota they had at X number of ugly people.
So they let me come in as part of the quota part of the time. Beautiful people here. Beautiful people in Ottawa. So I'm told, but in Montreal, you got to be frog ugly.
Yeah, I want to speak speaking. Hey, about your poll, the city that you left out of South Florida, I had a friend come down. We went to South Beach. I went to South Beach. We went to Hollywood Beach. Right. And his comment was, well, I would need a place to go to.
Hollywood Beach is full of really. Canadian, so keep that in mind. There's a lot of frogs there. And I'm in flames a lot of that. But at Hollywood. Okay. If you put it on that beach. Thanks, right? Hollywood Florida, which is still the frog factor.
See, if you've been to Hollywood Beach, which I'm sure a lot of you have, and then you go to Montreal or you go to Paris and then you see all that's what the origins of that all are. Like I said before, those fact disgusting people in speedos.
They were fat and disgusting and grotesque and ugly when they were like middle age, when they were young, when they were children.
I mean, granted, look, everybody has seen ugly children like everybody always says, Oh, your baby is the most isn't that the cutest baby you ever saw? Yeah.
And a lot of times you think, and Jesus Christ, what an ugly freaking baby with this shape and head. Is it human?
What does that just polite to say, but I mean little kids, I mean, little kids who are nearly are like, they're either cute or they're like, none of the script. You know what I mean? You don't usually get ugly until you're like in your 20s, get real ugly.
I've seen some really ugly babies. No, you know what I'm talking about. But I mean, people of all ages, infants, I think even the dogs there were ugly.
The one thing I will say it's a clean city for a clean, very easy to get around with that underground thing. How come more cities don't do that? Now you can't do it in Florida because you're like, you'd have to build it under.
I was under water. I wasn't joking when I asked you are you a lot to roller skate in that underground. Did you see anyone skating? No. Okay. Why would you ask something like that? Because that would be paradise.
To be able to skate around the city and it's like, you know, I don't think they would let you do that because it's very, very antiseptically clean almost almost nauseatingly clean. I mean, just you could eat off the floors and they have all these upscale shops and it never ends. I mean, everything is just so sparkling and clean.
So I guess it goes to the show. I can't do everything right? Right. So horrible, horrible place. Maybe the people that live there are immune to the the ugliness. Maybe they're all used to it. Maybe they can get away. At least that way they don't have to be jealous. Right. They don't have to worry about some hot looking guys banging my wife because there are no hot looking guys in addition to which we want to bang my wife because she's ugly anyway. So I kind of like all balances on. Very, very strange. And I know you think I'm exaggerating. I have this tendency to like, I've told you. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going
to be able to do that. I look like a married man who cannot since I'm totally an animal who can do that. And we're having a tough time. And when I am a baby, I feel like somebody in a young baby and a female curious, like Bri, a little girl.
the course of the negative people like the ones who go to Vegas lose a couple under
bucks.
I make a sucks that blows your full of crap and see your fault.
People are just looking to be unhappy.
Yeah.
Like some of the people at the hockey games for example, which is another reason I'm glad
that when I'm there I don't go very often.
I mean there's a lot of very nice people like in my section here at 102 we've got a nice
say you know we've got a few people that have been struggling with it for the six years
they've been in that building but there's a lot of very like the one guy who used to sit
behind me maybe he died or something.
Very sour nasty old guy just oh man and every time you turn out he the guy with the thumbs
you know jack the guy with a hands right this is the guy with the thumbs he's got these
kind of strange stuff he's got like narrowed up hands well that's bad to say I mean I feel
sorry for him don't I no it's sad and it's sad oh but he's just nasty you know you know
I'm talking about you see it everywhere in South Florida you go to the store the supermarket
and you know they're just there's an endless supply oh yeah just like in Montreal with an endless
supply of really really strange ugly people even in a hotel standing a fine hotel right
downtown one of the best in the city and you you think well a lot of these people are tourist
they're coming from someplace else right ugly think ugly strange 1242 at 560 WQMA if you want
to give your home a new style this holiday season by replacing that terrible carpeting let
me tell you right now about a great place laments are us this is the easy low maintenance
alternative to natural wood flooring which cost you an arm and four legs laments are us is the best
place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business they got them all a period
or a pergol Wilson art uniflor quick step and all of laments are as flooring is installed by pergol
certified installers who really know their crap here's another good reason to call laments
are us their prices like I always tell you will floer right now you can get their holiday special
for just 1495 bucks just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring
is is positively unbelievable and laments are us will match any legitimate but not for two for
free and home estimate call laments are us tool free at 1 877773336 nothing could be simpler
they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty so this holiday season
give your home a new style with beautiful laminated wood flooring call laments are us today tool free
and tell them the cranky old deal to call 1 877773336
my life and love this is 4356
I have nobody voted for Ricky Wiggins on our first poll today shame on you man
you
and mowing too happy about it
it's the terror is warning
oh the ride
so as you drive on into work
be alert
the white house says what all the do now can't be sure with a mind strike
and then yeah we're never stretched because of all of the stress
from spances we've been to watch out he's the word I feel clear
it's a terror is warning
the government says be prudent and I'm saying
they say not give but when now
not specific threats or a joke yeah I think there are hopes they could give me a stroll
I think that's I just really know it yeah
I enjoy the ride in my life
I hate a blast
terror is making it
I realize that neither you nor I get around too much
probably because of financial necessity
but writing pencil vangan I would give you bubble heads is responsible for the spelling of
probably I don't know let me see oldest reading I'd say all right he's got
our edd i ng that would be me
our e a d i ng reading reading reading reading
reading so I heard a reading pencil vangan before never been there never heard of it no
never heard of it no never heard of writing pencil vangan oh my god
I've never heard of it sheltered little self at the same time man
our e a sorry about that Eric we're dealing with the third of a deck kind of like the
Reagan's yeah they're doing a whole thing here on the Reagan's uh i don't know
gg no it's k and uckl e ag ad
Tampa 40 the obvious people in the world Tampa
Montreal 29 no Tampa's pulled away one and a why why far more of our audience have been
the Tampa then Montreal there you go then take a rocket science and figure that out
and i have no notice people with that you remember that week that we spent in Tampa like doing time
and i'll contrast wow it's an orange head thing it's a red neck thing it's an in-bred thing
like that kid we were reading about uh from deliverance banjo boy banjo boy same thing
Tampa 40 Montreal 29 Paris 20 the frog factor is heavy Cleveland 14 Hollywood Florida 7
frog factor begin Nashville 6 ashville us north Carolina 4 and redding PA no add a high
espode has got one ahead of me here ahead of you honey 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line wna q a m yeah and do you know um what's the schedule for tonight
if there's a game on who's on the schedule for tonight yeah the schedule of what of the
radio show who's on have no idea why you're worried about it yeah you're gonna miss some games
no i just want to know there's a big ol' one the big ol is not on aren't they happy about that
yeah i'm unhappy you're unhappy about it yeah well if you want to gain go play with yourself okay
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 60 hellos on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
interesting you mentioned that though because i he must be pin very close attention i have
mentioned the schedule once today have i that was probably for instance boyfriend calling in
probably trying to sublimate away give me to read the schedule okay here it is mad dog at two the
hump or it's you'll as 4 to 7 this afternoon the hummer you got to ricky waiting to show it to
clean this uh clean the other side of the club that should keep that pump happy keep him uh real
uptight and out of sight where cool hotline at Tony romanzate to 10 with the anxious Joe Zagaki
here's the guy these sucks okay any kids and into a mark overnight any other questions no good
that said no no games give me the ball give me the ball no games no hockey games even a panthers come
home against Ottawa Wednesday against the staggering Ottawa senators uh any interest in the panther
game no how about we give some tickets away what are you saying no oh five six seven oh five
six the pound five and speaking of giving something away you know as Miguel there today or
see like another busman's holiday what's the deal here i ain't saying them yeah see this this
best of this is the last time i'm doing it you've said that before no it's the last time i'm doing it
i mean to expand this much energy and get such a small return i mean uh for abandoned pay
rest you are best in the old uh we stopped doing it last year because of lack of interest
inside and outside and then there were those who say yeah but used to go to those appearances uh no
the deal is we used to do a million van hits and the van hits were strictly and specifically for
the best in the merchandise not as kind of like an act of thought because Miguel is being required
being coerced to go to please some sponsor somewhere who've been promised some song and a dance
uh van hit so we take the qm van out now and it goes to like moisture is up plumbing uh in uh
denier you know at all we only raised three hundred dollars well who the hell's gonna go to
moisture is plumbing anyway especially in here when we can't raise money for charity to begin with
you were telling me before about the power 96 things that they do at a certain place that i don't
want to mention because you need the cash but uh forget about it you know it's difficult
but now this year it's like well we can't be bothered with this and we can't be bothered with it
and the station doesn't want to lift the finger to do anything i had to embarrass them the week
that i was there i embarrassed all of my close personal friends here at the right and checks
so they could hand me the check personal seat you weren't there that week you'd appear to see it
how many weeks have i been begging and pleading those people you know please help us out we're
really need your help for uh the charity causes here things are going slow how many weeks
but third man at least and when i was there then they're all coming around my good friends and they
want to stick it right in my hand and believe me there ain't nobody there i want to have a stick in my hand
well five six seven oh five sixty pound so we don't have a number is the point i'm trying to make
we have no idea whether we got forty one thousand a hundred and two million uh we have no idea
no see what i'm saying it's it's an embarrassment so the bottom line when you're at QAM
do the here's a little lesson for a judge the bottom line is do the absolute minimum
in other words just show up do the best you can while you're out there and then that's it and go
home and forget about it put the check in the back that that's it he's got that down good don't
do anything extra don't try don't go out of your way to try to go a little bit above and beyond
because the answer is no it's not you do don't care it's not the beastly fn way so we try to raise money
for a really good charity and it doesn't make any difference what the charity is see for a while
they were thinking all while it's you know plant parenthood's a little controversial or the cover
of the CD was too controversial i mean this year's uh CD and controversial it's me
pardon on mohauer david it's great that alone should raise a million dollars you know
there's a lot of people out there would pay big money to go and fart on his grave in fact i think
the best idea is if he would just croak already and then we could charge right at the
gray at the tombstone what do you say okay let's work on that for like right around a tannuca time
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon line
wqa m
wqa m hello i want to ask me a little question about one about small bill no chance
you still watching that no i was just not me i got burned out on it you know i just i don't know
you know he still looks good and she still looks good and they're fine so they look good
moves very slow and it's very slow and nothing really ever happens and uh and it's so corny you know
it's just kind of like um little house on the prairie stuff happened on there man
bitches got burnt up baby oh they did yeah i never watched it but kind of like what i assumed
it was like you mean i missed something good yeah as a matter of fact if uh if you're into the soap
opera drama kind of thing yeah i mean just get around paws closed but now it's a small film i'm just
i'm just i'm just not into it no more just it's just boring to me and it just doesn't hold my
attention but nothing ever happens like nothing same old crap and it always mean that the soda shop
you know and lana's always bitch getting bitched out by what's her name the other one and uh
and Clark is gonna do it and he's thinking about doing it and then the wrong color ring comes up
on his finger and i'm not gonna do it after all and mine pot kettle there you know it's just uh
too hokey for me you know and i don't have that obsession with hokey no more five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line wqa and hello yeah i know yes sir
yeah ugly people the thing is it's four out of five people are generally ugly i mean you know
only kind of hook up with somebody with alcohol or drugs yeah the ugliest people are always in
war march from phoenix to white just you just wait on line one day yeah wait on line it just
stop looking around and it's just unbelievable the sites that go into these gigantic new super
war march where they bring in the bringing bus loads from the trailer parks i don't know they're
wearing house dresses and these stretchy pants that nobody on earth on earth should be wearing and
the site well it'll make you sick okay i'm stand out of Walmart you can visit me thanks paling
here's the fact that says did you have at least six sixty minutes last night no i did not
it says wow i think it was the opening piece that Bradley was championing this bitch that claimed
responsibility for changing a slum in east Virginia into a respectable community across the street
he made her into a hero and all she did was hold her hand out and shout slavery and the government
meaning you and i wound up paying out four million dollars for modern housing for these deadbeats
the top it off she demanded porches be designed into the house plans because porches are the gathering
place for these people going back to slave days it says i make a hundred and twenty grand i find
it hard to buy an ice home you and i brought bought these deadbeats homes for nothing they don't
work they don't want to work mark my words if it Bradley goes back in two years the new homes will
be just like the slum they replace and we paid for it and you know what this fact is correct
this fact she was absolutely correct porches huh yeah oh i'm not going to get sucked into that i
know exactly where you're going not me i'm not monkey around with that stuff just walk away
believe me i have one suggestion for you be afraid be very afraid yeah good thinking
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound well i was wondering where that term came from you know what
and i guess now we found out you ever drove through south Carolina but you remember out on down
and south beach before the art deco came in before it became artsy and farsi and madonna and all
is going to move in uh it was nothing but rocker cheer heaven right all the old folks all the old
Jews just sit there on their uh and their uh like sir gold fart on their lawn chairs
rocking chair races rocking the night away in what's in the world you find the highest percentage of
very very ugly people we're not talking most we're talking everybody gross Tampa 45
Montreal 31 Paris 22 Cleveland 20 nationals got 10 Hollywood Florida 10 i'm rich in their
all frogs and my mom that was see that was bad she's just old she know she's uh my mother she's
gross ashville 4 and redden pencil of any we got it spelled right has got one out of 143
am i doing a spot here because i a Schmidt can't the log uh i don't know Josh is he uh doing a
spot yes i am no i'm not get out of here what Josh says a spot for what balance for
oh balance for life well thank you so much for telling me that because i Schmidt see not that i
want to get ahead of myself but uh you know i think that whole idea of 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. sounds
really good to me i chose for like double the pay right aimow you got some nerve not show it up
this morning mo but we can sympathize with you when you get to be that old when your bag keeps falling
apart hey let me tell you right now if uh you're talking about bag what a segue again that little
black sack Katrina who's one of the really swell people of qa i'm a really nice uh her mother i don't
her mother didn't pass it along in a jeans i'll tell you that you know what i mean but somehow
Katrina managed to emancipate herself from that really obnoxious hateful mentality and to come
a very nice young lady the only problem is she's been eating a little bit too much and as a result
she needs to lose a serious amount of weight she's lost nine pounds in two weeks on balance for life
now it's your turn no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no cattle recounting no carb
counting just an easy loss of weight and delicious too because the food they deliver to you is
fantastic every day you have your little black sack at your door by six in the morning
you just reach outside pick up your sack and look at that three gourmet meals and or as they say
in Montreal paulah why do they say that progues because they're frogs they deliver three delicious
gourmet meals and two delicious nice right-year doorstep and there's plenty of great fresh food to
keep you happy all day long you won't be chewing on all kinds of crap in between in fact you'll
know you're gonna like it because it's the only company that's used between two alternatives for each
meal and snack if you did that turn a program see order whatever you like so if you're sick and
tired of being overweight out of shape lethargic diabetic or right on the verge of it if you're
frustrated because on TV every other hours and other show on fat people here could be the answer
you're looking for balance for life they make it simple because they do all the work for you
call this number today and like I said you'll start seeing weight loss on that scale in no time at
all called nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty
two twenty nine or visit them on the way but balance for life dot com five
and look on this is five six eight three years old yours now
you win
I'm Judge Roy Moore in the next best thing to watch an end Colter's spank mad drug
is the Neil Rogers parent barren one to two hour
and
now all of red extra
the sex just ain't as good unless it's family
because all of red next practice in
says
now I might only uncle and the worries me
my head has to hurt took me with her back to her double wide
what a deal ain't got no wheels and inside smell like something died
because my chicken winged her eyes and we're all alone in the house
but I got sick weeks to give me a kiss
doing till back go in her mouth
all was red next her love and says
yes
the sex just ain't as good unless it's family
all right because all of red next practice in
says
so come meet my new wife she's my niece
oh
I just got me a farm with horses chickens cows and pigs
a four by four that high a door with tires and her two damn big
the rear window it has a gun rack that's where I keep my gun
the red wolf wagon the wife in the back
my neck is red from two months son all of red next
her love in says
the sex just ain't as good unless it's family
because all of red next practice in says
oh
my sister is the one over there with the dirty knees
every union's it's hard to choose who's got the nicest two
that don't like the way my daddy is watching me
oh
104 at 560 w2 qm y'all come back now here 156 votes on our pool in what city in
a world where you find the highest percentage of really grotesque nasty ugly people
Tampa 47
Montreal 33 Paris 22 Cleveland 20 Nashville's got uh let's see how they would just
got another one how they would got 12 uh Nashville 11 and Nashville 11 and
and ready p.a.s got three out of 161 votes that's surprising in it
a couple other people reading the writing yeah where you ought to start reading about writing
i'll take the reading rail road up there this is from the album keys website thank you so much
one of our student listeners out there in the audience you know album keys that the right
wing scharzer yes who ran for president by the way how many votes he gets
man paba p a b a a h the after the war paba stands for some time lotion stuff
yeah patriotic americans boycotting anti-American Hollywood paba it's kind of like the puba
paba petition takes aim at michael morphilm project mirror max and theater owners facing boycott
Alan keys has this on his flaming their website syracuse new york what an awful place
patriotic americans boycotting anti-American Hollywood and conservative petitions dot
have joined efforts to protest development and release of Fahrenheit 9 11 the latest film project
directed by controversial director michael morr it is our attention to petition mirror max
studios to terminate their relationship with this project or face a possible boycott theater
chains will also be petitioned order to make them aware of the anti-American nature of this film
from the petition so it wasn't good enough they got the Reagan things shamed off the showtime
where nobody saw that wasn't good enough also they you know how would you go on uh certain
right wing websites then you start getting these pop-up ads for like if you support rush click
here you know and now there's there's one about if you support mel Gibson
because of that jesus movie his you know oh yeah right jesus christ right anyway dedicated to
bringing down the bush presidency anti-American director michael morris making a trees in his
documentary all right to be released before next year's election his Fahrenheit 9 11 will be a
political assassination piece which uses lies exaggerations twisted facts unsubstantiated reports
and an attempt to discredit president george w bush how do they also be a what how do they know that
they don't they just made it up it'll also be a violent assault to the memories of the victims of
9 11 but that doesn't matter to mor to vent his personal wrath and bring the administration down
as promised more actually is willing to endanger all of us by inflaming our enemies in a crazed attempt
to plant seeds of doubt among Americans and our nation's allies thank god the president didn't
inflame our enemies by doing an arachite that got he didn't do something crazy like that it says
don't let this trees and reach the silver screen sign this petition no demanding mirror max stop
it's funding of more is extremely irresponsible film and in doing so alert distributors and theater
chains not to participate in this blatant anti-merk effort now this this is lucky like you said how
do they know that it hasn't even been written yet he's still developing it but they just know
because it's michael mor it's going to be bad and it's going to be full of lies and distortions
and it's going to be anti-american and it's going to be very anti-bush and uh... senator and so on
to which we say oh right bring it on can't see it soon enough well there's the Cincinnati
controversy in what had 400 pound guide at the uh... off Jones the man he says police have to
struggle with when they arrived webster's harshest reaction is directed at department leaders
and the way the officers themselves were treated the officers were also taken down the c.i.s and
they were treated as criminals the officers are treated as criminals this has to be fraternal
order of police that video what did these officers do wrong and then so we find out the total
incident it's hard to pass any hard and fast judgment black united front leader reverendayman
lynch stopped at the white castle parking lot to see the scene for himself some day night he's
seen these pictures but quietly says it's important to know what happened before the tape actually starts
uh... yeah right
oh boy what's there to say you know it's a police state so i should be beaten to crap out of people
in killing if you're not in right right anyway steve says hey neil use the listen to your show
when i live in south foot enjoy your humor and i live in nashville i'm so sorry steve
to get out of south america i mean florida says i disagree with you if you want to
stereotype a stereotypical nash villain having lived in south foot of her forty three years are
agreed there many beautiful people in Miami but having lived here in nashville for the past 15
months i have to say there's a lot of gorgeous people here but they must have just moved their steve
this is i've been to tampon voted for that city on your pool have a great day of listening to
show thanks a lot steve it says p.s. go titans are you a titan fan huh how about the predators
gotta be something to like in nashville you ever been in nashville no not there don't the other
end of the state there by the mountains now fiss no no cities just the mountains or just in the
mountains there's a wards right just up in the woods like that that family they're in an entry by
design entry where they're city i'll tell you one thing no dentist gonna make any money in that movie
because they don't use any what about to pull teeth sure like the n teeth man
entry just the way he says it just kind of you gotta be there five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on a eight t and t if you join us late here's a little piece of advice don't go to
mantra unless you want to see a lot of ugly people in fact they won't be great one other than the
service people don't like the people to wait on the end of restaurants if they just took everybody
out be a lot less crowded there you go then you could roll a skate down that just keep the
cab driver to drive it from the airport get there like in probably 15 minutes and they got like a
nice little dinky airport what the hell is it called it's called um little doorbell doorbell
well they have an international airport which i don't know where the hell that is but they have a
smaller airport for like domestic flights doorbell airport and it's clean and it's nice and
very small it's about to size your house i'm serious it's like a where like where my my my
is the smaller port in Berlin called teague of airport and the plane the plane lands on a runway
and you start taxing up and you wonder okay where's the terminal because it looks like a little post
office huh and then you realize there's like three or four gates and then that's it and you pull
up and somebody says big gates and then you realize you better turn around go back now see that's a good
thing in germany man that's a place you need to know to go to then you're pre then you'd
understand what the government in the west is becoming number one and number two then you'd see
some really hot looking people and anybody over the age of 40 you see they got they have that
little arthritic problem with their arm is just stuck in that 45 degree angle upright position yeah
but you know it's just it's nothing to do with fascism it's just i think it's arthritis you know
because that arm is always they're just who stepping along and their arm is always like
company or like that still plenty and not season germany baby make no mistake about it they're
just saying hi hi oh see yeah hi sig there used to be a guy on luric king show 100 years ago
I think knows him sig shy he was like a gambling degenerate kind of like our people he's got to be
dead by now but anyway I was on a panel on luric king one night when I was a k t and sig shy was
on there so in other words if he was in on the kudam in Berlin yeah sig hi that's right
he's saying would be sig hi but right away you start with him anti-draman feelings again
yeah sig shy boy this luric king thing man if you if you could have just seen some of that show
no his 70th anniversary I am so shocked I'm so so ready it was so fake man it was there you wanted
to cry and I couldn't shut the thing up Mike Walls was sitting there going into a coma in a chair
and then they brought the uh sharing stone on there and she's like uh snap in his suspenders you
know and oh god he's got his little kids he's 70 years old this old cocker for crying out loud
and then they bring out his 25 year old wife whatever she has nice going air luric you old fart
could you imagine doing it with luric king oh wait what are you trying to do to me oh god
bring that up yeah close to show you baby for big bucks when you got the really big bucks
you call that a penis wow don't make any difference no more
one thirteen at five sixty double wqm everybody and their brothers on a low carb diet now
in fact finally now that dr. Atkins is that he's getting the respect he deserves when he was alive
more and more of the so-called experts are saying you know what that damn thing works
it's the refined carbohydrates that kill you the only problems that on a low carb diet is
selection and getting some variety because I don't care how much you like steak and cheese in
the shrimp or whatever lobster you can only eat it so many times a day and a week
so if you want something to satisfy your sweet tooth if you want something to keep you on a straight
neuro path that'll give you the variety you're looking for here's a great store for you
do you like the white bokeh that's right I've been talking about these folks for a coons age
they've got a worth thousand low carb products in this one great store all dedicated to you and your
dietary needs they got breads and bagels and cheesecakes muffins brownies chocolates pasta
sauces chips and dip soups ketchup that delicious world famous carbolite ice cream champion
like drinks and five delicious flavors walnut brownies by control carb blitz stoked mince and
three flavors simply low carb bread with stevia they've got la Nuba jams and seven gourmet
flavors to jam on it carps slim bites make a great snack and have no
lack of the effect thank the Lord and they've got slim carb fudge ease fudge brownies for all the
brownie hounds out there or chocolate raspberry cookies you know what I really do like I give up
chocolate and raspberry like ice cream that you don't like that flavor when we're like the
two mm-hmm I think maybe I'll have to go back to what's the two I'm not sure I'm sure they have that
anyway don't forget you can try anything in the store to lights every day before you buy it
and they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 you'll find the lights on the
northeast corner of glades in 441 next to Boston market in bokeh but thankfully very very far
from mose old folks home you can call them toll free at 1 877 low carb that's L.O.W.C.A.R.V.
around the web find them at lowcarb.com don't forget all you low carb diners out there this is a
place you're going to love the lights of us bokeh your official atkins retail center
we are sports video parties STA
oh
I'm no longer a human being.
Please be covered in time.
Please pray, but it's a good day.
Don't be a cute animal.
Oh, may!
You've seen him on Channel 7 News.
First, as a two-bit reporter.
Now, as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined,
Rick Stanchess sings.
So, let me know in your...
...tell you in your...
...tell you in your...
Hear the doles and tones of the men who brought you crime check.
Rick Stanchess.
Like a garage, yeah, nobody got it on.
We're gonna fire, yeah, by all but it's on.
Rick Stanchess.
Oh, Rick Stanchess sings.
Give me a hug with a positive energy of the...
Don't miss Rick Stanchess in his pasty face tour over Hylia.
It's one show you all want to miss a Corugga one.
The world is a million.
You...
Rick Stanchess.
He loves his audience.
I've set you as a precious gift from us.
Oh, good.
One 19.
I hate you, Rick.
One 19 at 560, W.D.C.
I'll tell you one of the many reasons why that Liberal Radio Network is never gonna work.
Why?
Because Liberals, unlike right wingers, generally have a life.
They have other interests.
Right.
They aren't one-dimensional assholes who sit around wanting to hear the parrot repeating the same thing over and over and over again.
It's just not in our nature, right?
But the right wingers, the limbaugh, the ditto heads, these are idiots who sit around searching the dial for the next voice.
It's the Schmidtmeister.
It's G Gordon Litty.
It's Olly North.
It's whoever the hell it is repeating the same crap over and over and over again.
And the rest of the public doesn't give a crap about that.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's never gonna fly.
I mean, I hope they get it on, even if it changes a few votes.
But the ink could make a big impact.
Plus, they're talking about Al Franken.
And as you saw over the weekend, Al Franken, you know, what he writes is very funny and very effective.
But he's, you know, weak.
A weak. Exactly.
They want to put Michael Moore on the ruby day.
Then you got somebody who's not weak, somebody who's strong, somebody's got a big mouth and is not afraid to say it and is articulate and doesn't hold anything back.
Then you got it.
Here's a fact that says without a doubt, the ugliest people in the world live in Ocala, Florida.
I witnessed this myself this weekend.
I saw most of them at these super Walmart.
Oh boy, stay away from Walmart.
That's just one more of thousands of reasons to stay the hell away from Walmart.
Yes.
You said the other obvious ones that you've talked about a million times.
Tampa 52, the ugliest people in the world you'll find in Tampa, Florida.
Out of 190 votes, Montreal 37.
Cleveland 28, Paris 26. Hollywood, Florida is doing my 19.
They're going to be filming the next 10 chapters of the Frog Factor on Hollywood Beach,
Asheville 12, Nashville 12, and Reading PA 4.
See, you learned something already today about Reading, Pennsylvania.
Reading?
No, not yet.
Deputy QAM.
Oh, hi, Jim.
What did he just say?
I'm not sure.
Oh, I think a...
Oh, hi, hello.
Something like that.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Who's this?
Robert.
Robert?
Grieper?
What are you eating, Robert?
Buts.
You're eating butts.
See more butts?
Get out of here, Robert.
You're new to the end.
That was Robert Grieper cranking a show.
Tony's an asshole, didn't I?
How come I got out with a cloud of Joe Castell has been able to get Robert Grieper fired?
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't understand.
He sure is hell working hard on it.
Now, why do I do line nine?
I just have this...
No, I have a...
It's the curiosity of me.
Here's line nine.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, how's it hanging?
Okay, where are you calling from?
I'm calling from way up in West Palm.
I'll be damned.
Anyway, listen, I had a radio action yesterday morning.
I was listening to a Sunday morning sports showdown.
And they said that Joe's a gackie and Howard were blessed to have this guy, Gurgley,
that are best announcers in the country.
Joe's a gackie.
And Howard was a...
Right.
Anyway, Joe's a gackie sucks.
Okay?
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah, we are blessed, baby.
I'll tell you that.
The dolphins, big win-on-thanks.
Giving day-over-day of Dallas Cowboys who are highly overweighted, obviously.
And the Huracun's getting by another little girl's team that was very, very overweighted,
Pittsburgh, on Saturday.
So, are we blessed this week?
Oh, yeah.
Now, are we going to be cursed next week if the Patriots beat the Bee Jesus out of the dolphins in New England on Sunday?
We'll be...
No.
No, we'll be blessed.
Boy, you talk about fickle, man.
From week to week, from game to game, it's...
This one is great.
This one sucks.
This team is great.
This team sucks.
Once that's got to go, once that is great.
It's hysterically funny.
When you run the outside, looking in, when you don't have a vest interest,
because you're not a fan of those teams in the first place, it's... it's... it's most amusing.
And I'm not saying that it's exclusive with South Florida.
I mean, there's some of that with everybody, just like in Toronto, uh, 10 days ago.
I Pat Quinn's got to go.
Everybody's calling for me to get fire, bring in my keen.
And not at least when five and a row, he's the greatest thing since Halava.
At Rubens Deli in Montreal, eh?
I didn't have one thing I did not have.
Was there smoked meat?
Oh, why not?
Because I've heard that it sucks.
I see.
Oh.
I'm not that big on smoked anything, you know?
Smoked...
I like smoked.
Real smoked.
I smoked turkey.
It's got that kind of like burnt taste to it, you know what I mean?
Because it's been burnt.
Liquid smoke, which is fake, and it doesn't taste anything like real smoked.
It's a real smoking process.
I see.
Here's... I was born and raised in Hollywood, so my hard earned frogophobia has always prevented me from going there.
I've been elsewhere in Canada, however,
Toronto, as you see, is great, reminds me of a meld of the best things about New York and Chicago.
It's cosmopolitan divers, and international like New York, but clean and orderly like Chicago.
Not to mention the similarity of appearance right on one of the great lakes.
Absolutely correct.
If you get a chance, you should check out Vancouver, another progressive international city.
It is said in beautiful geographical location like Tan from Thitco and Seattle to which it verisomer resemblance.
British Columbia is a pretty weed-friendly area as well, if that matters to anyone you know.
I don't know anybody smokes no way away.
Like most of Canada has been best seen in the spring or summer.
My suggestion, and now it's funny that they mention this because I thought of this this morning,
but there's some hot-looking people in Hylia.
It says, my suggestion for the ugliest city populous Hylia,
Brown Trash, Rice and Beans, Fat Ass, no speak in English, Jesus on a black velvet canvas loving women with mustaches,
and guys who are deeply causate muddakones.
Well, let's put it on there for fun, Hylia.
Okay?
Now I'm going to agree with him. If you saw good-looking people in Hylia, then you must know where.
Well, I used to live next to Miami Lakes High, but that's a long time ago.
And probably when those people grew up, they all moved out real fast.
Okay. I did. I used to live right next to Miami Lakes High.
Many, many years ago, I would say 1977.
That twice, six years ago, those people are old and nasty looking now, whatever.
Oh, you're right, because Hylia is very, especially like around a racetrack.
I thought you mentioned it.
Really?
Oh, the American now. That's where the sweatshop workers lived.
Oh, it's Cathy Lee, hang out there, too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Lime.
We got the mad dog at two. He'll be on a U4 at high.
He'll be hopping right on the old Jeff Hyde today because of the adult and big one on Thanksgiving Day.
Then you got the Humper at four who's on a food high.
After having a heavy atturus stuff in his face to Humper.
And then you got that Ricky William Shore at the Cleveland.
Hey, Ricky, give me the ball and get a haircut, Ricky.
Okay. They keep tacking it about how many times does he have to get tackled by the hair to realize he's got to get a haircut?
How many times?
3rd man.
Hurricane Hotline with the anxious Joseph Gackie and Don Bailey Jr. at the end of his clearance on that.
Did you give clearance that thing I factor this morning?
I gave it to Duff.
Oh, give it that's it. Give it to Duff.
Paris has given it to Duff a lot. That's why he's got that title.
54 votes for Tampa as the ugliest city in the world.
And you'll notice, by the way, other than Paris and Montreal.
I'm looking at this list. Every city is in an American city.
See what I mean?
Well, they're going to suggest places they've been.
That's what I'm talking about. It's a little on the parochial side.
Get on a plane.
Go somewhere. Okay. While we still can.
27 after one at five, 60 WQM.
Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing has been around a long time serving the men and south.
For 40 years in the same great location at 26, 15 Northwest Fifth Avenue in the Miami Fashion District.
At Shelley Bloom's, you'll find fine men's clothing. They got it all.
I got suits, sport coats, slacks, dressing sports shirts, ties.
And one of the largest slacks of great designer shoes anywhere in town.
Shelley's got a tag in slacks, super 120's and 15 colors for just 60 bucks.
George Eurmani's suits that sell from 1395 to 1595 are just 795 bucks when you do the smart thing and buy them.
At Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers.
Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits starting at just 225 bucks each.
Service selection in price. That's what's kept Shelley Bloom going forward the past 40 years plus.
And he guarantees it. That's never going to change.
The selection is unbeatable.
Alteration is always free. And with thousands and thousands of suits in stock up to size 70, you're sure to find what you need.
Up to size 70 fat boy. So stop overspending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's in a heart of the fashion district.
They're open Monday through Saturday from 9.30 a.m. till 6 p.m. If you have questions you want to compare price.
Just give Shelley a call 305-573-5890. That's 305-573-5890.
It's like a landmark in Florida. Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers. And no matter where you are, believe me, it's worth the trip.
I am lost. This is 205-7.
You am.
Sick Michael Jackson is backing up traffic. Come looking for anything for a graphic. Pictures and videos packed in boxes. They even took the big way from the woods.
Never then red smells like monkeys and llamas. Little boys wearing those trapdoor pajamas. Michael would secretly watch when they pee. And haul them up to that damn-winking tree.
Tell me there's wearing tricolored vibrators under a red page. He's packed in the dumb waiters. Like a rich come drops and superman rings. Those are a few obviously pretty things. Michael Jackson, he's a black go. He's going to jail.
Will this wrong be right? It will he be indicted for his various will. No.
I'm never going to happen. I'm telling that right now. Not a chance in many. But when the hell does the trial start already? I don't see. I think I said two weeks from today. It's the 15th that he's going to be formally arraigned.
Okay. Right. I'm going to file charges. And they're going to spill it out. Defile charges. But anyway. And then who the hell knows? Maybe that'll carry us through most of the election year so the public can keep their minds off important things like getting bush out of the line house and saving democracy.
But never, never less. Be good distraction. Rick Sanchez was advertising. It says here on the facts on his show a 15 second ad as an Oprah type show asking people to tune into specific themes. But today it says I saw him asking to watch the show.
Please watch. It's all about South Florida. I want you to join our show. Desperation is coming out. It says when a doubt the desperation comes out. Squirt, Squirt. You're going to be off the air pretty soon. Ricky Tickey. Okay. I was just thinking when I read the facts. Why would anybody in their right mind? What does he got to say?
He's a newsreader. Right. He's a newsreader who's an emotional professional Cuban who got all carried away with the early on thing and was calling the people on the cell phone to turn around and go back and always to 10 go to sister jeans house and all of that crap.
Extraordinarily unprofessional hyperventilating hysterical squatting over the map. Well, what does he got to say that anybody wants to hear? And obviously the answer is nothing. Zippo. Zippo, do da. Even a whole knows the one to watch him. I'm sure.
No. Here's small potatoes, Rick. Okay. You're at the end of the line. You and Michelle Gillan. Maybe they can allope.
Here's somebody for today's poll says I would like and it's a good thing they warned me because I was thinking about checking his place out.
I would like to like to nominate Barthalona Thbane. Barthalona. It says the only way to tell the woman from the men is by who has the larger breasts.
Most of the women have more facial hair than the men. I'm talking mustaches, sideburns and chin hair. Look for the Adam Zappel if you get desperate for companionship.
In Barthalona. Well, let's put Barthalona on the list. Okay. Must be off a different from a dread because I was in the dread of years ago. Man, old man. Oh, man.
Oh, man. Is she. They did one of those. You. They were the wild on this wild on that. Hard on this and hard on that.
So they did wild on Barcelona. They must have known where to look because they found them. Yeah. I don't believe this facts. I'm going to Barthalona just to see for myself. When it doubt, I'm going to check it out.
Oh, and you're something maybe the president should have done that. The US Central Intelligence Agency has acknowledged a lack specific information about alleged Iraqi weapons of mass destruction when it compiled an intelligence estimate last year that served to justify the US-led invasion of Iraq.
But it said that why it said that this and other uncertainties surrounding the case have been fully presented to President George W. Bush and other US policymakers in the October 2000 to national intelligence estimate a document offer referred to by members of the Bush administration as a basis of their claim that Iraq had an arsenal of weapons of mass destruction.
US Secretary of State Paul told you and Security Council last February that Sodom Usain is regime were concealing the records to produce more weapons of mass destruction that their weapons programs are a real and present danger to the region in the world. However, an explanation issued over a weekend by veteran CIA,
Amla Stewart Cohen, who was in charge of putting together the 2000 to intelligence estimate and currently serves as vice chairman of the National Intelligence Council, made clear the case against Iraq as presented by the CIA behind closed doors was much less clear cut and more nuanced.
Any reader would only have had to read as far as the second paragraph of the key judgments to know that as we said, we lack specific information on as many key aspects of Iraq's WMD program.
Cohen wrote an article posted on the agency's website. So in other words, I guess they didn't read the second paragraph.
They read the first paragraph and said, oh, that sounds pretty good. Let's say that. And he said, okay, let's do it.
And now we're in a quagmire over there and there's innocent people dying every single day and we still don't have any elections and we still are talking about, well, we don't know is it going to be a year, is it going to be two years? And it just goes on.
We're going to make those.
We're going to stay the course if it takes forever. No matter how many people have to die, no matter how many of your kids have to go over their life, their lives are taken away from them.
It's just one of them things. And then I love the way he keeps saying we're going to win this fight against terrorism. It has absolutely nothing to do with terrorism, nothing.
And the average schmuck out there buys it. Oh, yeah. Remember 9-11? We can't just roll over and play dead.
And just like Howard Dean said last weekend at the baby said, I'm not pissed off because he is fighting the war on terrorism on pissed off because he's not.
That's the problem. How can I'm getting all whipped up about this crap again? I don't know, but it's good. No, it's not.
His point was these people don't care. All they care about is what are they going to get out of the Hanukkah Bush and out of the Christmas tree? That's all they care about because they're materialistic like me. They want things.
I don't think so.
Yeah, I know you want things.
Welcome 5-670560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. How many QAM?
Oh, hi, Debbie. I want to cut my finger off.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir. Internet of the car all day, but I want to nominate the ugliest men in the world is Russian men.
Russian men. Beautiful women.
Ugliest men in the world.
OK, whatever you say, Pally, first of all, Russia is not a city. Number two is definitely wrong. I guess he's never not a hockey fan like almost everybody else in South Florida.
He never saw the Russian hockey players. A lot of them.
Don't put that on there. Don't put that on there. What? Don't put the city of Russia on there.
The city of the former Soviet Union.
5-670560.560 on the AT&T. Yeah, we're dealing with a very parochial crowd. I think I'm afraid or or on the other hand, maybe those people who really do get around a lot.
Maybe they're visiting somewhere right now. Maybe they're interested in. Maybe they're in Prague. Maybe they're in Budapest, Okaala, Roma.
Maybe they're up in Okaala or like in Lakeland ought to be really good this time of the year. WQAM.
Yeah, sir.
Mo didn't get fired, did he? Yeah. He did because he was done. He was in Minnesota yesterday. Yeah, he's working in WCCO Minneapolis now.
Are you serious? Yeah. Oh, because there was nothing in the paper about it. They will be. They have what was the holidays. You know, they're all off on a busman's holiday.
I apologize. I usually tune in early. Did you talk about it before we can't talk about it.
Oh, okay. Well, tune in tomorrow. He'll be on it. 5. And Mo gets fired. Jesus Christ. If Mo had been fired, when we be having a three or four party today.
Oh, right. Oh, right.
There'd be an orgies in the halls of QAM, man. You'd be able to smell the smegma from 100 miles away to be so much excitement going on. Yeah.
Those that are sounds you'll be hearing today that Mo gets canned or even better than that. Well, today that we soberly come on and make the announcement.
He died? Yeah. I liked that. And then I'm going to race right over that tombstone, drop my drawers and start in his face.
Wouldn't that be great? I might just fart in my face when he's there next time I'm in town. All right. I lucked out there last time.
I had a time down to a science. I missed him five consecutive days. All right. What a great thing I was.
I knew I was playing my cards right. What city in the world do you see the highest percentage of very, very ugly people?
Tampa 56. Montreal 38. Don't go to Montreal unless you just want to eat. Stay inside. Stay in that underground thing.
Eat. Man, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, J
Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman, Jaman
I think that's what I'm saying isn't Mekonos and off an off shoot of Athens. I didn't say off shoot a launching pad. Yeah, like that's where they take the boat or the plane or where they all go to launch.
Barthalon and they have dinner any beef. I think that they eat something in bull parts is what I'm hearing. 19 till two or five sixty. I heard it was bull. You know what I do like Chalizo. Spanish sausage is very good. Oh man, it's actually probably really bad for you. You know.
No worse than that. There's one of the few things I've ever had in Amsterdam. It was really edible and very, very good is chorizo. And they give you like small portions because it doesn't look like much. It looks like a little weeny. But boys, is it ever heavy? Yeah. Wow. It'll like well.
Anyway, let's go get some chorizo. I'm thinking about going to finance some right now. It's the most wonderful time of the year. Unless, of course, you hate the crowded malls, the long register lines, the parking hassles. So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and the ones you love.
I'll give certificate from dial amatris. What a great idea. Call them now at 1-800-MATRUS and give the gift that they'll be thanking you for a year in and year out.
Dial amatris is about gift certificates in any denomination and a new bet for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years. All three of you at dial amatris. No phone promises, no bait and switch. Just discount prices every day on the brand names you know and trust them out. Now including stirons and foster hewitt.
Dial amatris has got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on stirons and bananas foster when you call dial amatris 1-800-MATRUS you still get that unbeatable deal. You still pick the day in time for delivery any to our Windows 7 days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m.
I've been sitting on the mattress from these folks for years. You should be doing the same. Believe me your back will give you the message. Honest sales practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free set up and removal make it all easy to see why dial amatris ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction.
So for service like you only dream about in the past do the smart thing called a betting experts dial amatris toll free 1-800-MATRUS 1-800-MATRUS
or online at smatris.com happy holidays from our good friends at dial amatris.
Live local your sports video by 60's you a.m.
of the queen of South Florida Neil Rogers should be in Brooklyn in palace but will keep him here. Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the air apparent her son Prince Charles.
Hello. Hello Charles. Yeah. It's it's mom. Mom. What are you calling for again mom? I'm worried about you Charles. Mom you can't keep calling me every day. I'm very worried. Your calling me last 10 times a day mom. I've been handed the newspaper here. The daily mirror. Yes. I don't read such rubbish. Well did you. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to
get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I don't know. What actually is that? That's what it says. Then it says it says it says it says it says it says it says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its says its sobre that mom. Will you say it says the report says we's the report says its creak or crowd newsly or nervous to break theHS. What was the report pronmarked?
Don't cry, Mom. It's true, isn't it?
Please don't cry, Mom. It's true.
It's not true. I know I should have thought someone wrong when I can't you listening to Clay-Akid.
I like him, Mommy. He's a good singer, and I also do. I mean, that's all there is to it.
And all those Barbara strides and movies in the collection, oh!
I love to read you, Mom. That doesn't make me buy.
How's Harry?
Harry Sparrow.
With it?
Watching him shower right now.
What are you crying, Mom?
It's true, isn't it?
What? It's true.
It's not true.
You're my sex, you're...
I am not by sex.
I don't have any sex. The woman I'm dating, Mom, looks like a horse.
I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that.
Is that why you go for the men?
I don't go for the men.
So, it's not true.
I'm going to be the king of England.
Yes, that's what I'm worried about.
What were you worried about?
You'll be the king and the queen.
I can't continue this conversation any longer, Mom.
All right. My date's here.
Your date?
The committer?
Come on in early.
Who is that?
I just have a friend.
Is that committer?
It's Ernie.
Ernie, who's Ernie?
A boyfriend, Ernie.
Who is Ernie?
We play football together, Mom.
You don't play football.
We play games together, Mom.
I've got to go and have them.
Stop crying. Stop crying.
147 and 560 WQM.
I love that thing at the end, too.
It's the frosting on the KK.
Here's the result of the poll so far.
What city in the world of the highest percent is a very, very, very grotesque ugly people live.
253 votes.
Tampa 58, pulling away.
And it got late-started, didn't it?
A little bit.
Yes, a little bit.
Montreal 39, Cleveland 38, Perry 32, gay parry.
How did Florida stuck on?
About 30 men.
Asheville, North Carolina 17,
Haya, 14.
Asheville, Tennessee 13, O'Callis 6.
Making a big impact already.
Reading PA 5 and Bartholona's got one.
Or speaking of Pamplona,
where the girls run.
No, seriously, they had a trampling of K-Mate Walmart.
And we almost forgot to talk about it.
That's right.
Orange City, Florida, at the Walmart in Orange City, which is what, near Lakeland, I think?
Yeah, did you see the footage?
No.
Because they had some video.
Didn't see it.
They want to talk about it.
I saw the 400-pound guy though that got murdered by the police in Cincinnati.
All of the Jerry Springer contestants were there.
Yeah.
So anybody, now, was it a DVD player?
Was that it or a CD player?
It was a DVD one.
It was a DVD one.
DVD nine bucks.
It was a DVD one.
It was a DVD one.
29 bucks.
Yeah.
And so all the trailer trash were lined up in the wee hours in the morning.
And when they opened the door, the first woman online, oh, I did see it as a matter of fact,
and they trampled her ass.
Right.
And the rest of her too.
So the kind souls at Walmart said, just to make it up to you, what we'll do is we'll
put one on hold for it.
We're not going to give you one, of course.
No, we're not going to put one on hold on lay away, you know?
Right.
Just after we lay your ass away, we'll put one of these DVD players on lay away.
We're all hard at Walmart, man.
Yeah.
Woo.
Because they live here, Tee.
Orange city.
See, I keep trying to tell you folks, man, take a look at the men.
Take a look at that big, drooping penis if you can without laughing.
And just, you know, assume for the sake of argument, I'll say, oh, they've brought in
Palm Beach very sophisticated, very accurate.
Yeah, just for the sake of argument.
Yes.
Consultate those counties out of the picture and look at everything else in the state of Florida.
And what have you got?
Like that.
It's Mugwamville.
And you wonder, I mean, something as simple.
You guess what they have in Montreal?
Big casino.
Gamma casino.
Huh.
Huh.
And as soon as I started reading about that, you know, when you're in a hotel,
it's 100 below zero and the wind is blowing outside and you're definitely not going anywhere
soon.
And you're reading a little booklets about tourist attractions and see this.
And here's the casino.
And I'm thinking, you know, South Florida, the whole state of Florida is held back by a bunch of
the Andrithal Mugwams.
Right.
I mean, something is basic is that you got the lottery and you got all your horses and the dog racing
in Pylai and all of this other crap.
But oh, my God, we sure as hell wouldn't want to have casinos.
Don't forget to lose cruises.
Right.
And then we got, oh, and I see another whole bunch of people got some kind of a disease over the weekend, one of those
credible cruise lines again.
You see that?
No.
Yeah.
Some kind of a grotesque thing, crotch itch or some crotch rot.
I think most have been on there.
Absolutely.
God.
So if you really want to have a horrible time, go on a cruise.
If you want to see an, and I'll bet you another good poll we should take someday is, name, tell us a place that you
traveled to and were pleasantly surprised.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
I'm trying to think about, come up with one myself.
But a place where you've expected little or nothing and it turned, I'm not saying we're going to do that anytime soon.
Maybe it's a stupid idea.
But you know what I'm talking about.
A place you went with minimal expectations and it turned out to be, awright, awright.
152 at 560, QAM.
My life and local.
This is 420560.
QAM.
Keep trove, the need, the glob.
Okay, homo-sexuals are more popular than ever before.
And that's why TVS has colorized and homosexualized to movie classics for your viewing pleasure this weekend.
Sunday at noon, enjoy a classic love story with a new twist.
Its William Shakespeare's timeless tale Romeo and Julius.
Romeo.
Wherefore art thou Romeo?
I'm riding you.
I bet you were.
Here, here, right behind you, Juliet, places.
Now, now, now, now, now, like a stick, now, now, it's this.
Fifth and three.
TVS presents one of movie-dums all time, homo-sexualized classics.
I've been homo.
I've come to see the king.
And who are you?
Why?
I'm his queen.
I've been homo.
Don't miss it this Sunday and next week is Charm Wayne in the finalist one next.
And the children's classic adventure homo alone.
TVS, your entertainment alternative for alternative alternative.
155 with 560 WQM Happy Monday to you.
Mad Dog coming up next to Humper from my shulies at four.
5607 0560 pound 560 on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless line.
Look at that screen, there's only one line ring.
No, you spoke to a son.
What do you mean by that?
Like I said, there was one line ring and an outskon.
Like, that's it.
Well, at least we're making a little bit of a comeback.
It's going to take some time, you know.
After the holidays.
Didn't you feel on Friday like you were talking to yourself except for the four cranks?
No, they kept me company.
They didn't leave me for a second.
Like I said, except for the cranks.
No, actually, it was all right.
Surprisingly.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's going on?
Let me ask you a question.
It's for around 1.940 because you know, the morning show was an honest morning.
Yeah.
Do you have any idea about that?
No, not that I know of.
Not that you know of because they had like, he has been in radio.
Something like that.
Something they never have.
And they're like, well, guys, we're on, which I found strange.
So I thought maybe Pearl was going over there or something.
If we find out, you'll be the first to know.
And you can hear about Marty Strach, correct?
Yes, it is.
LA Kings.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day.
Oh, bye.
There's a hockey fan.
Somebody knows Marty Strach, who's from Marty Schwartz, which is very unusual and so forth.
I, you know, I realize that my fellow Panther people out there could say, well, how can you say those things if we lost our hockey?
You know, like Moses, you don't want to live in a city that doesn't have professional baseball, you know?
That's right.
I don't, as he say, stupid crap like that.
Is he just stupid?
Absolutely.
You must have said that a hundred times ago.
You don't want to live in a city.
I hate to make the news to you, Mom.
Many of us lived in South Florida.
I used that in past tense, in my case.
Many of us lived in South Florida long before there were any Marlins and World Series and all, two of them now.
Life was a lot better than it is now.
And not having anything to do with baseball.
But it just was.
Life in South Florida was much, much, much better.
And you know one of the reasons it was much better?
What?
No more.
Absolutely.
I mean, if we had to have a trade off, if we could, had to lose the Marlins, but we had to lose Moses part of the package, what would we say?
Yes.
Huh?
They'd be lined up 50 miles deep, make that place in Orange City that Walmart, pay a little what significance.
They'd be lined up 50,000 deep.
Thega BDQIM.
Yeah, I've called it a facility to put in the, uh, writing is the second vote, other ways people in the world.
Okay.
Where is writing?
We're just, let's say you got Philly and you got Pittsburgh and in the middle of Alabama.
It's in the middle of the state.
It's like Alabama.
Alabama.
Yep.
You mean like in Harrisburg?
Yeah, it's right in your house, Corrigan.
They got big Alice over there.
They drive for hours, from Jersey just to get the writing where these Alice are.
The ugly people in the world, you know, you're not here as voned in, you're out, you see ugly people, you never notice them, you only notice the good looking people.
You walk through this place like at the ghost town.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
Did Eagle have a crush with dolphins in two weeks, by the way?
By the way.
Oh, right.
From here, our lips to God's ears.
That had good luck to you, Palli.
I got it by.
Of course, we all know why they built up that Donovan McNabb.
Same reason as they build up Steve McNabb and all those other dark quarterbacks.
Right, rush, right?
You asshole.
God.
And you notice the Eagles, I haven't lost the game since he opened up that big mouth.
I do believe I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
I think they haven't lost the game since rush, opened up his big mouth.
And once he opened up his big mouth, he started popping oxies in there and it got a real tourist.
So that's the rumor is that Pharrell is going to be doing mornings on 940, you think?
Whatever.
Okay.
Well, we need to find out how come we don't have any inside sources, you know?
And then the inside source we do have like Fat Boy, he gives you bogus information about how Mo did the game on Jones Radio last night.
Guess what, Fat Boy?
Full of crap.
Full of 375 pounds of big oozing crap.
He did the Minnesota St. Louis Rams game yesterday in St. Louis on whatever the hell that bogus network is and still couldn't make it back in time to be on this morning.
But I've got a different attitude about that.
In fact, I think there's a lot of people in the audience who like to seem to do a lot more ball games and miss a lot more mornings.
You know, I'm saying.
Absolutely.
That's a thought. That's an idea.
Maybe we could just make up ball games every day.
That's what Muff said.
Probably stop at football.
In what city in the world of the highest percentage of very, very ugly, grotesque people lived, Tampa, 59, Montral, 41?
You can't complain about the good looking people in Montral because there aren't any.
Cleveland 38, Paris 34, Hollywood, Florida, 32,
New, Ohio, Lea 23, Asheville 17, Nashville, 13,
O'Cala 7, Reading PA 6, and Bartholona has got a big pair.
Bye, bye, bye!
You'll have to show unclimaxing the million QA' at Miami for Montral.
Howard from Boka.
Big deal.
