See ya, Pally!
Why don't you go back to Canada, you few bastards?
Okay!
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We fall then do
Lines are cold, it was our doom
As the bombs drop from the stars come far away
Take off those checkered pants
Maybe we should have paid attention
A little bit more to the fat switch, else to ignore
Hi, hi!
I said get your stick long but I'm afraid that the alarm won't be very long
We'll meet again with a hope that my best
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We'll meet again with a hope that my best
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
Is that what we're going to do?
902-560-WDQ, I'm happy Thursday to it
Is it Thursday already?
Yeah, how about that?
Wow, I like these short weeks
I'm going to get sick a lot more
You know how many times have been sick this year?
BOT-30-MAN
And you know how many brits have been killed by friendly fire?
BOT-30-MAN
I'm just going to play that all day, I love that
BOT-30-MAN
Yeah, over and fact
BOT-30-MAN
BOT-30-MAN
Yeah, and you know how many people we got listening
since the trends are coming out 11
BOT-30-MAN
This morning, it's going to be weak man
Oh, we're going to have bad numbers
I'm talking about on this show
I can't speak for anybody else
Moe of course is really going through the roof
because he's got the...
He's got the people that hate all the rest of us
Except the mad dog, I guess
So Moe and a mad dog should do pretty good
In fact, I still think that's a good name for a show
Don't you? Moe and a mad dog?
I like that
Don't they do that?
Probably some other station
And I noticed coming to work this morning
since I am back here
I wasn't going to tell people why it held on
Because otherwise then I can't bitch about stuff
Like this crappy old computer
that I bought about three and a half
four years ago in here
We're getting a new computer in here
Because I'm buying it
I mean, if you want stuff that works in this studio
I got to buy it
Or somebody's got to do it
Hey, there's my good friend Muff
How you doing Muff?
I'm buying a new computer for in here
How do you like that?
What an upstanding guy I am
Because I know if I wait for these assholes
These cheap, miserable, grey robbers
Huh? Well wait till hell freezes over
If we wait for them
Just go back in your room and have a nice day
Nice to see you
He's standing in the doorway
Like I'm going to do a show for him, okay?
God, if I've told him once I've told him
BOT THIRD MAN
Times
Hahaha, quit standing in the doorway
I love that thing
Anyway, George took kind of a marginal pull yesterday
Which I thought was in very poor taste
Oh, we're trying to keep it light
You know, this is all a war movie to these people
What?
You know, it's like a video game
Right
It's not a war movie, it's a video game
It's just entertainment now
See how many people died of that market in Iraq yesterday?
BOT THIRD MAN
And it was in first of Pentagon
Can't we ever admit anything?
No
You know, so mistakes happen
They're dropping 80 billion bombs
So, you know, we hate that
I don't think that the one in Syria on that bus was intentional
Serious?
And in Iran, there was a couple of goose over to Iran there
Across the border, it was probably like a warning message
You know, like you're going to be next
You better go step in the line
The shape of things to come
So, you know, when you're dropping 50 trillion bombs
They're going to be some, maybe 10, maybe
BOT THIRD MAN
They're going to like hit the wrong spots
And unfortunately, people are going to die like crazy
Let me just also say this
And so I forgot to mention it the other day
The reason that Rumsfeld is so psychotic
About Al Jazeera and then of course BBC and a CBC
Showing the pictures those grotesque bloody horrible pictures
Of the Butchery, the savagery against the American soldiers that were executed
He doesn't want to have that on television
Because he doesn't want the American public
I mean, the rest of the world is not too crazy either
But especially the American public to see those gruesome images
Same thing is in Vietnam
Let's sanitize it
Like I said, let's make it like a video game
You know, like, oh, look at that
And look at all the targets
Well, all these maps they bring out
You know, like it's not for real
Like there wasn't blood and guts
And of course when it's American but in guts
That's when the American public starts losing their appetite for these things
Because in the beginning they were saying, oh, well, it's going to be like a cake walk
It's going to be a piece of cake
And they're like in a stone age
And we depleted two thirds of their weapons and their army in the Gulf War I
Don't forget, welcome us as heroes
Dancing in the streets
Yeah
And you'll notice even when they brought the food supplies found me in the Boschery yesterday
When they first got there with the trucks
They were all jumping up and down and chanting, we love Saddam Slogans
They're getting really pissed off and bad out of shape
And then they all, you know, desperate, ran up to the trucks and grabbed the food and ran back
But they were still giving like the high sign
Yeah
You know, don't forget the 4000 Iraqi ex-patriots so far that have gone back to Iraq who hated Saddam
Right
And have gone back to fight just because they're from Jordan a lot of them too
Right, yeah
Because they're offended
I had 4000, I heard it was
BOT 3rd, man!
Anyway, Georgia's pulled yesterday, which I thought was a little on a weak side
What's your favorite war movie?
Of course I'm a good one to talk
My pool today is not all that strong either
I got a weak pool
We're going to talk about purple skin today
Oh!
Not that M&M song, purple veins, purple skin
Yeah, purple skin, purple veins
Maybe Mo and I, he got like a genetic match there or something
You could compare patterns
Maybe I'm his younger brother after about 15 years
But anyway
He does look bad
I'll tell you he looks older than Methusel
I took a look in that room there, he's like just barely keeping up on his elbows
What's your favorite war movie, Georgia?
I asked yesterday, which I, I mean what is it?
What's your favorite war movie?
Because of wars on everybody's mind
And that's just the attitude that I'm running into
It's entertainment to these people
WQAM
Hi, Neil
Yes sir
Is this you?
I think it's sound, who does it sound like?
Sounds like Neil to me
Sounds like me
Yeah, it sounds like me
Hey, what's up?
Richie Hevner
Ha-La
Both the pork chops on a daily basis
Yeah
I love the planet
And this globe is spinning in the universe
Okay, thanks Ted, that was Ted Jr.
That was good, let's hear it!
Poor Ted
And Richie Hevner, a rest in peace
I oughta play that Bob Prince Richie Hevner cut
Of course I played it probably too many times
Fuck Third Man
Anyway, Georgia had a lot of votes on a poll yesterday
I did?
Fuck Third Man
What's, he had over a thousand, thousand in nine
I could look at it
Because I could look at it more than that now
But once I printed it out, that's the end of that
You printed something out?
Yeah
Hey, like I said, I'm getting a new computer for you
And I bought this one right now four years ago
But after a while they like die like us, you know
They're dying over here on computer
How many years ago?
How many years ago?
How many years ago?
Fuck Third Man
I think that's when they made this computer
About 30 years ago
And amazingly enough, up in Toronto everything works like instant
I mean, the computer, the printer, everything like clockwork
I can assembly line here
It's because of the QAM factor
Because the beesleys are cheap
And if we want anything good,
Neal's got to dig into his pockets just like I gave Carlos the nice bonus check this morning
That's more, you know, that's more than he makes here like six months
He's still thinking, huh?
He's still thinking about it
Well, he does it, he's doing all of this stuff
The website is sensational
Do you see the number of hits we're getting on a website now?
No
We've had a couple of days over 200,000
How many?
No, we used to get
Fuck Third Man
No, like over 200,000
It's incredible
WQIM
Yes, sir
What happened to Yovan?
Yovan, did he, is he still, I think he's death of Donutchub
Yeah, it's a smear with the rack and then all
What is it?
You know
What was he babbling about?
Hey, they're in good shape today
The war is getting to him, man
The war coverage is getting to him
They can't take it anymore
Anymo
Maybe Moe is getting to him
You know what I mean? Listen to what he's got
Fuck Third Man
Anyway, nine minutes past nine
Why am I stuck on that?
Fuck Third Man
Love that, that's got to be
And you know how long we had that before you finally took that clip out of there
Huh?
No, seriously, I bet you we had it like 15, 18, 20 months
Fuck Third Man
Before we didn't think we just called him enough
We talked about it, we didn't think it was clean
Why did he say something?
Without Regis talking
Oh, yeah, what the hell was that Dixie, what was it?
Dixie...
Normus
Yeah, Dixie Normus
I'm going to tell you, Ron Hershey's coming back to the morning show
I heard that coming to work this morning
I wanted to turn him on and go back home
I wanted to go to the hospital immediately
For my purple vein
I was squeezing my purple vein a couple of times
I was so s- just to see if I was really hearing that
Dixie Normus
Was that Zack Duanette's swishy voice?
Who was that?
That was the worst bit
The worst attempted humor
And the thing about all how to beat
And a good was just another shot at the poor beast
Liz grow test by the way
But he sure losing that weight, man
Oh!
He's losing it slowly but surely
Real slowly
And don't call him surely
Certainly
How about Dixie?
Normus
But anyway, just a little shot at him
And that's of course because of the...
Yeah, I'm always just...
He's into what with everybody
He's just into what with everybody
I noticed this morning people in the hallway pointing in their eyes
He's in there, he's in there
Running, running down the hall
He is in there
You notice how he like...
He used to do this
Because I'm not usually here
He used to put his peace...
He walked out of the building with it still on his head
Now he just rested on the chair in there
I hope Joe Rose don't sit on it later on
Do like a little...
Of course he couldn't make it smell any worse
And then they found your fart machine out of the chair
That was bad
Yeah
Does the audience have any idea what I'm talking about?
No!
Well that's okay, my little ankle hair, I got purple skin
Because doctors down here are assholes
Don't go too many doctors down here
Unless you find one good one
I got one more...
Now I got a couple
That I would trust with somebody's life
Let the rest of them forget about it
And you know, so they prescribed the O of the plybics
And aspirin and this and your blood gets so thin
Like if you walk into the wall
All of a sudden like a half a gallon just spirts out
You could paint the whole guy name wall with it
Bloody bastards
11 past 9 at 5.60 WQAM
Ball game tomorrow, how do you like that?
We get out of here early
We get a lot, huh?
We get out of here about 11.30 man
50 tomorrow morning, isn't that great?
Sure, sure, we got a big...
What is it? A Marlins game?
Yeah, I love those Marlins
And noon?
All that rip and you've done?
Where the hell they be playing tomorrow?
Who cares?
Exactly
Hey, I'll tell you where you ought to be
Not playing but eating the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
Man, what a great place
There are three of them for you
Sunrise, North Miami Beach
And the newest one in Pembroke Pines
Start your mouth water and experience with six different suits
And then sample dozens of second launch rays
In fact, last time was Emerald Coast not only other couple of dozen
I think they're...
Factority man!
Different launch rays to choose from
Oriental surf and turf on a weekends near a strip steak made a word in the gourmet center
A sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak
And shrimp, chicken, seafood, hand-carry, prime rib
And the Emerald Coast doesn't have any crap in it
Food no MSG, no garbage, no...
What's that stuff they use?
Cornstarch, oh!
Bad for ya
And they only do the cooking in all cholesterol free oils too
At the Emerald Coast
They buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, fresh rim cocktail
And their famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque
Bring a big healthy appetite or a crowbar or both
Because you want to shove a little bit of dessert into your pants
They got pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings
And fresh fruit at the dessert bar at the Emerald Coast
Don't forget three locations and sunrise the original soft-flour location
Pine Island of 44th Street
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach
And at the intersection of Lomingo and Pemberton Roads and prestigious Pemberton Pines
Emerald Coast accept reservations, take out and live your available as well
Column at 9.5.4.5723822
9.5.4.5723822 for a real feast anytime
It's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
Flight to the Lord
We're sports radio 560, UAM
Now are we about to hear me start the word show?
The program director and the operations manager
So excited to see me in the flesh that they're in here, the break ends
And I'm like...
You're God! You're like God!
So anyway, Dixie Normus is going to be Dayton Clarisse
This is what I heard on the morning show this morning. Please bring back Ron Hersey
Will you do yourselves a favor?
Hey Ken, nice to see Ken Maldon out there wandering right on the hallway
Huh?
Isn't that great to see all these people briefly?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, Pinellas Minister accused of explicit web acts with Sid's team
Can we get going on the show?
What are they doing in here? I couldn't put the monitors down
I mean, that's embarrassing, isn't it?
No. Ask me if I care. Friends of 1130 have all those numbers
I don't think they want to hear these, the ones today at least we don't
Oh, it's going to be bad, huh?
Whatever.
It's going to be bad. Moe's going to have a big one
He's going to have a gigantic one
I mean, that's my prediction. He's moving up in the world. He's the man. Modemann. No question about it
Here's a call from Miami who's a big Moe fan. Hello
Thank God you're here. Cause George sucks
How about Moe?
Now, see, that was his material. I love the way they do that. They blurt it out and then you hear the click
How about hanging around for just a half a second so I can give you a chance to rip somebody else, you know?
You suck by the way, George. Yeah. You know how many people have told me that?
3rd man. Here is the George's pull from yesterday. What's your favorite war movie?
Saving private Ryan 150 for full metal jacket 140 for a apocalypse.
Now those are the only two that were in contention. Pretty good contest there, huh?
I don't think I saw either one of them. Apocalypse now 80, patent 69, Dr. Strangel of 57.
Now there isn't that should add more votes than that. Huh?
Or how I learned to love the bomb. Platoon 52 didn't see that. Kelly's heroes 44.
How about the Hogan's heroes? Bridgian, I pretty much don't remember.
Quite only had 42 votes with Alex, Alex Guinness. Right. Short memories.
Boy, that's a little too old for your crowd. The duty doesn't en masse each had 41.
Black Hawk down 38. Wasn't Josh Hartman the next black Hawk down?
I didn't see it. The guy with the big nose was in it. Huh?
That Owen Wilson guy with the big nasty narland. I can't watch that.
Stallag 17. How many votes they had?
3rd man. 33. The Patriot 19 heartbreak read 16. Glory hole. Glory had 16.
Tura, Tura, Tura 16. The big red one had 16. I've seen a few of those.
Thus boot and guns and everyone had 14 apiece. I don't want to read the whole list because the rest of them,
anything under, well, we'll do double digits. All is quiet on the western front and midway each had 11.
Oh, from here to eternity, only had nine. That was a little.
Frankie Panky is going to be upset about that. Yeah, that war preacher.
That El Martino was in. You realize that he's one of the few people that was in all three movies?
And all three Godfather. Stop and think about Connie was in all three.
Yeah. El Martino was in all three. What that was the name of the singer? What was his name? Tony Bennett.
No, no, I'm talking about the anti-fantane. Johnny Funtane. He was in all three.
And how many other people? Because they killed someone and Michael, Michael of course, Michael Coyleoni.
Kate. Kate was in all three. Kate. Take.
Yeah. I'm thinking not too many.
Oh, I'll not see that everybody else. Now what about Tessio? No Tessio wasn't in the third one.
So he wanted to much one. Yeah. Oh, that's right. I forgot about.
See, I just signed out of mine. Can't do it, Palli. Can't do it, Sally. In fact, that was funny when what's his name? When Tom Hagen came out and said,
Hi, Palli. That should have been a reclaw right there that they weren't going for that ride. Tessio, what am I talking about?
Clemens, of course, he disappeared. Right. Fat Clemens. Tom Hagen, he wanted too much money. Robert Duval.
Marlon Brando, he was that couldn't get him out of the bed. Yeah. Oh, you know something we got it now.
The tabloids just came in. Wait till you see this picture. I mean, I realized the audience.
You don't have them. Oh, don't tell me we don't have the one with the Marlon Brando picture. Oh, no. Jesus.
We do have the one that says Prince Charles's gay shocking charge from Dye's video. That'll have to do for now.
But when Johnny Cash is dying, he said,
In fact, you know how many more days they're predicting that Johnny Cash is going to live.
But I can't find the Marlon Brando thing. Oh, he's got away 4,500 pounds easy. They couldn't lift him out of his chair with a crane with a crane.
By the way, in case you wonder if you're missing any important stuff in the war,
a Navy captain Frank Thorpe who was a coalition spokesperson here.
Yeah, just some more puff pieces, some more interviews with the people, some more of these personal stories.
You know, they're just filling up hours and hours and hours with the stuff.
And I just love when they go to the parents of the POW things like that. They say, well, how do you feel about this?
Well, at that point, the reporter ought to be shot. I think we ought to have a special law that says any reporter who behaves like that ought to be shot on the spot.
We give them a freebie, you know, just like the Catholic priest. They got one freebie.
Don't you think that all the parents ought to get one freebie to pay a quarter of that one? And what?
Of course, the Catholic priest don't get just one pass. They get a third man.
So here was that story I just had about the Pinellas minister accused of explicit web acts with citrus teenager.
This just came in. Somebody sent it to us. A Pinellas Park minister was arrested yesterday on charges.
He enticed a 15-year-old homo sassa girl to engage in sexually explicit activities within via home computer authorities say.
Ralph Wayne Vanderpool, 58, was arrested in jailed in Pinellas County after an investigation by the Citrus County Sheriff's Orifice and the FDLE.
Investigators told the Citrus County Chronicle that Vanderpool lured the teen into making pornographic videos of her,
so if they were self-incidating and via the internet, it sounds like George. Vanderpool volunteers as a minister at the first Baptist Church of Pinellas Park.
Detectives began their investigation in February when the girls' mother found pornographic images of her daughter and the family computer.
She told police they met in June 2002 in an online game room.
Wow. On Wednesday authorities arrested the priest on charges of luring a child to a gauge in sexual activity through a computer service and encouraging sexual performance by a child.
How old was she? 15 years old. George said that's old enough. He was later released on $7,000 bond from the Penias County jail which had no information on his legal representation.
Authorities are considered there might be more victims. You know how many I think there might be?
Not third man. Just a wild guess in my part. I could be wrong. You know me. I tend to exaggerate.
Here's today's poll on the Arrogers Show. We don't want to get too more intense. I mean, if there's anything going on, I got a lot of stir.
Oh, you know who died? I give up.
Come on. Daniel Patrick Moynihan. Yeah.
At 8.76. Former. He was a strange guy. You know.
Didn't know that. Don't you remember what he looked like? No. He like had like a lip problem. He was always.
The way he spoke. There was like something wrong with his lips. Even worse than Troy Stratford. Cancer.
No, no, I don't mean that. I'm not talking about an illness, but there was just he was just a, I don't know.
It looked like he always had like a lot of chapstick on, which maybe that tells you something, but he was like a curmudgeon.
He was a very strange dude. Former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in New York City, Shusha, I envied him in iconic classic.
See there you go. I connock classic scholar politician and sir four terms that he was sent a died yesterday at 76.
The New York Democrat former you went and best of been in ill healthy was hospitalized in January for an intestinal disorder and again soon for a back injury.
His latest setback was an infection after emergency. Epidectomy March 11th at the Washington Hospital Center.
He was succeeded in the Senate by.
By guess who?
I get a paper in the New York state. Oh, you see this is a man who knows nothing.
New York state politicians. I know something about that. New York state Senate. Yeah. Who's the two senators from New York state?
Talk show where there's one who's there. Like I said, succeeded by Hillary Clinton. Thank you, Carlos.
Okay. Well, Carlos had a. Prep you on that. Yeah. Boy, I tell you George. He's got a lot of obscure information.
But when it comes out of an 80 great, he can tell you stuff that happened 500 years ago. Right. But anything now see that's what happens too much bad weed like Norma Kent, you know, really affects your mind.
Tell you like I can tell all those horse races from 1960, 61. Yeah. Francis over here with lucky deal on the outside three wide a whole mile. Here he comes.
Hit him again, Francis. I can tell you the quarter times how much the horse paid what post position, but I've asked me what happened yesterday.
Can't tell you and I really don't care to be honest with you, especially when you work here. Here's today's poll.
And again, not too exciting. Your poll yesterday was much more exciting than this. I'll grant you that, but this is a little bit more timely, I think.
As opposed to talking about movies from 100 years ago. Yeah. Which of these do you think is giving the best work coverage?
Okay. Straight right to the point. CNN Fox News. MSNBC CBS NBC ABC ABC. ABC the Internet or don't know because I'm not watching any of it.
I'll be putting anybody out. No. Oh, howdy channel. I'll just hear it.
By the way, we knocked the Iraqi TV tower again. Okay. First we knocked off the big one and then we were amazed because they finally had another one.
We just had a second one. I was like, what's your name? How are they going to see this? The dog music video. Like Lorraine of Bobbidji cut it off and then she found out he had a smaller one that he was hiding somewhere in the same thing.
Then they had a smaller secondary satellite and then we bombed that and moved that up. Of course, probably a bunch of innocent civilians died too, but that's it's just it's a war man. A lot of people dying, a lot of bloodshed.
And we are told that this is bigger and then they found all those chemical weapons suits. Did you see that?
Yeah, that proves that and that they have of course did we find any chemical weapons yet? No, they have suits and they have that. What is the drug?
I don't know. It begins with an A. Antidote. What's it called? A? No, I had an antidote on all kinds of crap.
Boy, she told me once you tell me. The same crap, but anyway. And they found all of them and they haven't found any chemical weapons and that's because they got them all stored there and it's in the bag, Dad.
That's what George W told the George Herbert Walker Bush when he asked him how the war was going to sit. It's in the bag, Dad. I wish I hadn't said that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 boy sure is great to be back here in it. No, with a bunch of this crafty equipment. No CBC, no BBC. I think I better go back so we can put some real information on it.
Hey, are those captured prisoners there showing there? Yeah, we've seen this about 400 times an MSNBC already this morning. They all get the nifty bathrobe captured prisoner.
No, there's not the captured prisoners. These are guys with injuries. Oh, didn't you see that they had advantages around? Well, and again, I don't want to sound insensitive. We hope the best for all of you know this and this business about why don't you support the troops? Yeah, we all support the troops. And that's why we want them home alive like tomorrow would be good.
Alive, not in pieces, not in body bags. Not being butchered by a bunch of barbarians who are cornered and desperate and will go to any lengths to try to say their own ass.
Astropene? Great. Where'd you get that from?
The collar. Thank you very much. Caller atropene. That's what they had that vials of chemicals, including atropene. And of course they are pretty viled. But so what goes your like is my grandmother would say they're like a bunch of vial animals.
It's used to say that all the time. How many times I heard that her say that?
About 30 man. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. So there's the new pool for today. We got Georgia's pool from yesterday saving pride, Ryan wins in a very tight race with full muddled straight jacket.
And we apologize for muff and clearance coming in here and digging around with a show. I guess shouldn't they know better can't they come in a little bit early like five to nine?
Manastana. Exactly. I mean, I got to make this grand entrance in the middle of the show. They do that while you're out of town. They go in there and can fabulate with me while the shows while I'm shows.
Today. I got forbid there's your coming in a couple of minutes early. Of course then they might you do understand why they do come in like five after nine because then most out of the building.
Yeah, and what are you laughing about that's the truth. They don't want to see that crusty old fart. Just just to look at him like puts a crimp in your whole goddamn life much less than the day. So we got the trends coming out in two hours.
We're not going to dwell on those because we got a lot of important word talk going on. I'll tell you a place you can get away from the war and all your problems, your purple skin and your whatever you got going. And that's the world famous pizza loft. Jeff Cohen knows his crap, man. He knows it. In fact, one thing you will not be hearing while I'm back in town is Jeff Cohen on the show, which I know is Georgia used him desperately to try to get laid.
Was that the yeah, when I was on vacation last week desperately trying to get laid. Okay, what? Well, if anybody can do it. He's the man. Jeff Cohen. He's got.
I don't think it was me that was trying to you name the age, the size, the shape, the whatever. I'll belong. In fact, Georgia's next hot pear contest hot couple. Georgia's idea of a hot couple is Britney Spears breasts. There you go. There's a hot couple. You see right through me. I do. And it's not a pretty picture.
Anyway, Jeff Cohen into pizza lofts got two great locations for you now. In fact, if you look over Baghdad, you'll see his banner playing slime all over the place. Somebody's got to feed those poor bastards.
And they'll love it. Two three delicious kinds of pizza, chicken and veal dishes and all your favorite pasta dishes, calzones, super subs, garlic rolls, just dripping with garlic. It's so good. It's almost obscene, just like Jeff himself.
Big portions, tiny prices, everything cooked fresh to order. That's why people keep taking a whole family and all their friends back to pizza loft over and over again.
And of course, the rumors keep going back not only because the food is good because the price for them is right.
Pizza loft and babies on university drive between Griffith and 595 next to Nova South Eastern right behind Pierwin imports for take-out for delivery for catering call 954-916-8880.
954-916-8880. And now the brand new pizza loft the most exciting thing to happen in plantations since I moved there.
They run a corner of knob hill and sunrise just behind Walgreens of pharmacy. And they got the same great deals you'll find with the other original pizza loft.
954-382-1999. That's their number for take-out for delivery and stupendous catering is little is 5 bucks per person for any affair. You may be having Jeff.
954-382-1999. It is absolutely sensationally lovely to be going back for dinners and lunches and late nights snacks to the world famous pizza loft.
954-382-1999. That's the sports waiting room prices.
You way up.
I'm sure you are guys did not take a dump in your car if you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it.
You want to take a look at it.
My car is fine. It's that big and it's turned in the back seat.
Okay. What would you like me to do?
I said okay. How about I go to your house and pick the local your cat.
What would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here get this turn out my back seat.
That's not going to happen.
What do you mean it's not going to happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it.
I am. I'm going to bring it back there. You know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to take a dump in every last car you got there.
I'm going to Pio Eo counter. I'm going to do it all.
Okay.
You know what you feel.
You know what you feel. I'm a big girl and man.
It probably came out your way.
Oh yeah. I don't make it happen.
I'm going to take a dump in the car.
How much do you weigh?
About 400 pounds.
That's your turn. That's my turn.
That came up from a 400 pound man.
That's a 400 pound man.
Either that or gorilla.
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm going to let the whole world see.
You're going to be on the news this evening buddy.
I'm going to get seven on my side.
What? You want to be on the news.
Can you describe the future?
I mean, what does it look like?
You know what it is. It came out your ass.
What the hell is it? What kind of ass meat world color?
I can't wait. It smells ungodly.
That's what it smells like.
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil.
I don't even know the taste of hell.
Well, hell be it. How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm.
I don't think it's fun.
Why y'all? This is not fun.
I got a damn two-bar four and my back feet.
I think this is a racial shit too.
That's what they're like.
A little kid is running away from it.
I'm going to go find this funny.
I'm going to hit him.
You're probably going to hit him.
I'm going to hit him.
All right, all right.
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming off of it.
Steve is coming off of it.
Yes.
It's been a long time.
I am taking this as a fresh turd.
What you need to do is you need to bring that turd back.
We'll match it up.
We have a lineup.
We'll match it up with the other turds that we have.
What you need to do is learn how to use a turd.
We'll see.
And I'm going to bring the turd back to me.
No. You know what?
Is this a sample?
No. I'm starting to like it.
I'm going to keep it as a fact.
I'm going to keep it.
Because it's a nice, you know what?
It's a nice conversation piece.
Okay, cool.
Hey, thanks.
Oh, thanks.
You turd.
936 at 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday too.
Seven votes on a poll.
It's up already just only moments ago.
Which of these do you think is giving the best coverage on a war?
BBC has got three.
Now some people actually are.
But we'll see the BBC on what?
On their digital cable?
On the community cable access thing.
32, I think it is.
Yeah. And some people would now direct TV also at BBC.
I'm not really sure.
I didn't bother checking home.
I don't know.
We're supposed to have it on here.
On here what?
On our direct TV in here.
On our direct TV in here that doesn't work?
Yeah, that's another good thing.
Let's see, the computer is all screwed.
I'm going to have to buy a new one for about a grand.
And the direct TV, how about if I put a direct TV thing in here in my name
and get that thing working on?
No, see, anything you want to get done in here,
this company won't be here.
They're supposed to be paying for it.
And supposedly they are.
But it's just in the station.
They can't get anything right.
Many people, you notice how, that was a classic example.
The program director in the Operations Manager,
instead of coming in like two minutes before nine or five to nine,
you know, that's not requiring a lot.
They come in the middle of the show.
Mr. Comedy bit there, the audience is pissed off about it.
Brother Cross is about a half a point next to a trend.
I'm telling you right now, can't get anything done right.
You know that general I was talking about that's going to run Iraq after the war?
Yeah, that Florida guy, well, where did this story come from?
Oh, the independent news in the UK.
US general with Iraq rule linked to hardline Israelis.
Oi!
The retired general named civilian governor of Occupy to Iraq
has visited Israel on trip paid for by a right-wing group
that strongly backs an American military presence in the Middle East.
Oi!
How you like that?
Lieutenant General Jake Garner, the coordinator for Civil Union Administration
in Iraq put his name in October 2000 to a statement blaming Palestinians
for the outbreak of Israeli-Palestinian violence
and saying that a strong Israel was an important security asset to the US.
The statement was sponsored by the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs Jinsa,
which pays for retired US military officers to visit
Israel for security briefings by Israeli officials and politicians, Richard Pearl.
One of the architects of the US invasion of Iraq is a member of the Institute's Board of Advisors,
as well as Vice President Cheney was before it took office in 2001.
You seeing the pattern here?
Yes.
Ah, all these testicles and tentacles, it all comes back to the same thing.
Lieutenant General Garner went on Jinsa's annual trip to Israel line to 98.
Two years later, he and 42 other senior retired officers said,
we are appalled by the Palestinian political and military leadership
that teaches children on the mechanics of war while filling their heads with hate.
The security of the state of Israel's a matter of great importance to US policy in the Middle East
and Eastern Mediterranean as well as around the world.
A strong Israel is an asset that American military planners and political leaders can rely on,
and it's just that kind of fair right down the Middle Policy by this administration
that has all the Europe's hating us like poison.
I'll let our aerial sure-owns sucking bootlicking crap.
And we are rapidly becoming the most hated nation in the world.
Oh right.
Is there something to say about that?
Huh?
I mean, once upon a time there were a whole bunch of countries ahead of us on the heat list.
I would say...
About 30 men!
And now we've passed them like they're standing still.
And virtually anywhere you go in a world, they hate the US like poison.
They're standing up, boycott the Coke and every McDonald's,
which means they'll probably live a lot longer and things like that.
They're attacking McDonald's, they're throwing bread through the woods.
In France, yeah, well those frogs, you know, yeah.
In regards to setting all the war stuff aside, you know, the French still are pigs.
We probably clean up the city the fact that they're not going to be eating in McDonald's
and parry anymore because they throw all the stuff on the ground.
They just eat it and they just throw all their garbage as they're walking.
In fact, just like horses, it wouldn't surprise me if some of the French people
would pitch a loaf on the A Street as they're walking along too.
And I like, she said it on a bit.
Pitch a loaf.
Twenty, where the hell is the time going here today, man?
I don't understand this.
We all, the whole show got thrown off by that Intempere visit by our middle-level management people there.
Not that we don't enjoy seeing them once in a great while.
Oh, and we got very exciting news for you.
Did you mention it yesterday?
Now that we've crossed out another picture on the QM sales department,
did you mention?
Not officially.
It's official!
Oh!
Pee-Dee Lenny is gone.
Oh, right!
He's working for some mortgage guy.
He's gone.
See, did I pick my spot?
Yeah.
Yeah, came back just in time for him to be out of here, but I got a bigger treat I got this morning.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, and even more exciting, no.
Nobody's more exciting than Pee-Dee Lenny.
But second in line, I would say…
Hi, a Pee-Dee!
That boy was in here.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, how about that rich-y-e-n-a-red-no-saber?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, how about that Max-wiss?
It'll be there when you get back, Pee-Dee.
Hi, a Pee-Dee!
Nice seeing you, Jeff.
Don't do it again.
19-till-10 at 5-60 WQ.
We're just buying some time here until some more bombs drop.
Big one.
Well, they are dropping some small ones and bagged that.
Farmers market.
Things like that.
Hey, let me tell you.
Brandy's is a celebrating of big anniversary this year.
25 years in business for Brandy shoes and pomp and obi-ge.
And of course, like we keep telling you, any independent little family
shoes that will not little anymore that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century
has got to be doing something right.
Like offering a fantastic, unbeatable selection of men's and women's famous brand shoes
like Rock Ports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Carx, SAS, Floreshime, all the top names
in the universe.
And they got a wide range of sizes, whether you have gigantic huge feet or little teeny
tiny ones.
They got men's sizes 6-15, women's 5-12, and wits from the very narrow to the very
wide if you got a big fat one and a foot two.
And don't forget the professional sales staff knows your feet inside and out to make sure
you get a perfect fit to give you great service.
And with over 40,000 pairs of shoes and stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you
can be damn sure that what you're looking for, they got it.
So when you need shoes, get into Brandy shoes where there's always a sale of a special
promotion going on.
Brandy's is a great spectacular place to shop for shoes you'll find them at 1290, North
Federal Highway and Poppano Beach open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5.
It's a great time to buy Rock Ports this week at Brandy's.
Take 20% off all men's and women's Rock Ports, Stylons and Stock.
Be sure to visit Brandy's at BrandySews.com on the web as well.
My, my and local, we're sports radio 560s, you and you AM.
How you doing?
Out to the back, y'all, we collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized, and you follow the lives of the fucknet family, and they deal with
them any problems that plague them.
Who may I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my son, we need your fucking father.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You won't want to miss the guiding shea.
The guiding shea, I just shot on location and back to the right.
948, a lot of people get in shock and downtown back to that.
Even people with sluppers at the market, you know.
Well, just, we got bad aims sometime.
Just like that Chinese embassy.
Remember that?
Sure.
You know, we had a zygian callers on the board there and most of them ran away because I didn't get right to him.
You just, just keep your pants on.
Okay, just relax.
We'll get to some calls here eventually when I feel like it.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18 team for rise and wireless line.
Which of these do you think is given the best work coverage we asked on eorogies.com?
Don't know, not watching any of it.
16 out of 76.
How can you not be watching any of it?
You believe in the road?
Driving down the road.
How can you not be?
I hear it's on HB.
Oh!
BBC 17.
CNN 10.
I'm sorry, BBC 13.
CNN 10.
And I was changing again 11 per CNN.
The Internet 11.
Fox News 9.
MSNBC 9.
CBC 4.
NBC 7.
ABC 1.
CBS only 1.
CBS will get a lot more net if Dan would just to butcher up just a little bit.
Come on, Dan.
Cut the crap already.
People are talking all over the place.
Dr. Laura Spireyport from one of our faxers out there.
It says because George sucks on the air.
And as a voice that mirrors the feeding, when somebody takes their nails down a chalkboard.
A high compliment, George.
He said I was forced to listen to 610 WYOD during your show yesterday.
That and Dr. My opinion, Council New Year's does not open their show.
With the article about the condolese, the right situatio waste and the apology issued by WQAM.
She did mention your name on several occasions.
All right.
And even read the lyrics and explain that it was to the tune of Mona Lisa by Nat King Cole.
She should have released some of it, you know.
Her agenda was to illustrate how the liberal left can air a parody about blacks and nothing happens.
But if the right wingers did the same thing, they'd be an uprising.
A little bit happen.
A little bit old and stale, Dr. Laura.
Just a little, kind of like her material.
Kind of like her bag.
A little bit old and stale.
Like her mom.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
She's like her mom's carpets.
Old and moldy.
Wow.
Well, that's what you're doing.
You drive it over to Dr. Laura.
Say, nice going.
That's really desperate.
All you Kami Pinkos, man, there's a place you want to avoid like the plague.
610 because you'll trace it.
Even if you turn it on for a second, they'll tap into your radio and they'll try to hunt you down
and put you in a goddamn camp.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Mocha, color, brother, truck driver checking in.
All right.
BVC America 264 satellite.
No.
And the BVC comes on channel two and six in the morning and six in the afternoon.
Well, but yeah, but that's only a little bit here and there.
It's better than nothing, I guess.
Yeah, but I watched the BVC America.
I was six when I get home by three.
Great.
Usually.
Now, have you noticed the difference between the way they're reporting the war and the American networks?
Oh, no doubt.
I always thought I could get the CBC.
I heard you talking about them.
Oh, even though what I think was yesterday or the day before, C-SPAN showed the CBC for about an hour.
Good. Good for them.
And the CBC is doing the far and away the best because they're right down the middle.
They're objective.
They're not sugar coating.
They don't have any embedded reporters.
They're not in bed with anybody.
They're not doing all of these human interest hearts and flowers stories to try to glamorize the war and make people their personalities.
And you really get the accurate information.
Yeah, I wish I could catch them more.
Yesterday, um, Jessica and Tour was on Harbour.
And I saw some of that.
And he said something that I thought when I first heard these emotional cripples as you like to call them.
Yeah.
So I was screaming about, oh, there's not fighting fair.
There hiding in the fillions.
But we're dropping bombs from out in the sea.
And oh, really, they should fight us straight up.
I mean, we're fighting people who we just like a high school bully being up on a kindergarten.
No.
They should all put on t-shirts that have an ID.
Good guy, bad guy, even more.
And so we can identify them and eliminate the bad ones easily and wipe them out.
And then you just lay down and die and let us do what we want.
Right. And Jesse Ventura basically said, hey, look, he was talking about Senator Graham from our South Carolina.
Yeah.
He said, look, just shut up and grow up.
No, Senator, no, no, Edwards, John Edwards.
No, no, it was, um, Graham from South Carolina.
No, Graham.
That's North Carolina, Edwards.
Graham from our South Carolina.
There's a Senator Graham.
Yeah.
He's not okay.
All right.
I must have missed that one.
Right. He was on there just before Ventura came on there.
But he basically was saying that listen, just grow up.
These V.I. and Vators in their country.
And these people are trying to survive and fight and basically defend their country.
Whether we agree with them or not.
Exactly. They're trying to stay alive.
I realize that's quite a, you know, quite a concept, but they're trying to stay alive.
Yeah.
We should just, they should just roll over and die later.
Now you got it.
Now you're getting around with throw flowers.
Yeah.
All right, yes.
And Candy, okay.
And the, uh, think about the Bosra about to make up rising.
Didn't happen.
Right.
Didn't happen.
If you turned on the CBC, uh, didn't happen, BBC said the same thing.
Uh, guess what?
Was no uprising.
And they were reporting that for two or three days.
And you notice, I kept wondering, well, how come we don't have any more about that?
You know, well, what, what's the deal?
Didn't happen.
Like the government and disarray.
Oh, remember that.
Yeah, about the fact that they're ready to all these negotiations that were going on with the high level officials.
And it was just a matter of moments before they were going to like surrender and turn over Saddam and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yandhis de Kishti of Kingdom.
Didn't happen.
I mean, I wish it would be over like in about five minutes would be good.
How many minutes?
Well, at least about third, man.
Now that's too long.
I don't have the appetite for that anymore.
But now they're saying it could last for months.
Officers say war could last for months.
This is from the Washington Post who are very, by the way, a hawkish and gung-ho for the war.
In spite of their liberal reputation, despite the rapid advance of army and marine forces across or back over the past week.
This is in today's Washington Post.
Some senior US military officers are not convinced that the wars likely last for months.
And will require considerably more combat power than is now on hand there and in Kuwait, senior defense officials say yesterday.
Combination of right and whether all of the weather is better than they look out.
Long and insecure supply lines and the enemy that's refused to be supine and they fail.
Now see, there is the line we were just talking about.
How dare they?
The enemy that has refused to be supine in other words, roll over and play did in the face of American military might.
Has led to a broad reassessment by some top generals of US military expectations and timelines.
Some of them see even a potential threat of a drawn out fight that sucks in more and more US forces.
How dare you?
It sucks all right both on the battlefield and in Iraq and a Pentagon conference rooms military commanders were talking yesterday about a longer, harder war than it expected just a week ago the official said.
That's what Dixie enormous told clearance.
Longer and harder than he expected.
You notice how clearance was in such a good mood this morning?
He might have got some.
Welcome.
Of that Dixie.
In fact, he was singing Dixie on a way out of here.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 8 I told you about him a long time ago.
Didn't I?
Believe me. Trust me.
He puts on a good act.
But it gone.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T.
Now we got a hundred and seven votes BBC with 20 votes and of course if anybody here could see the CBC which has six votes.
But if people here, I mean, those must be your Canadian or maybe some people saw that on C span.
The CBC coverage like he said.
You think?
No, I could be.
I mean, it's like you're watching two different events in the world.
Two different wars.
In fact, that would be a good bit for Bulk of Brian to the tune of two different worlds.
Two different wars.
We're watching two different, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
I can just hear that now already.
He's on it.
He is on it.
Drugs.
Mushrooms.
Two Christian organizations ready to convert the Iraqis.
There you go.
No.
Yeah.
Everywhere we go, we got to convert those a heathen bastards.
That's right.
Put away those flying carpets and get with the Lord.
Two leading evangelical Christian missionary organizations say they have teams of workers poised to enter a rack to address the physical and spiritual needs of a large Muslim population.
The sudden Baptist convention, the country's largest Protestant denomination and the Reverend Franklin Grames, Samaritans purse.
Oh, this Reverend carries a purse.
Say workers are near the Iraq border and are getting ready to go in as soon as it's safe.
Call them in a safe.
The relief and missionary work is certainly to be closely watched because both Graham and the Southern Baptist convention have been at the heart of controversial evangelical denunciations of Islam, the world's second largest religion.
In other words, they've said you're a heathen bastard, you're going to rot in hell.
So get with it.
Get with Jesus.
Both organizations say their party will be to provide food shelter and other needs to a rack he's ravaged by recent more years of neglect.
But if the situation presents itself, they will also share their Christian faith in a country that's estimated to be 98% Muslim and about 1% Christian.
So it's a great opportunity for the Graham baby.
Good for business.
In fact, you know how many people I think are going to convert?
About 30 men.
My life and look all.
This is 420560.
Get off this instant.
Open God, be on hand.
Open God, O guys, your new words straight.
Why do you want the things to end?
They need out the Ronald Ren Gray.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
We ran a pool here.
I think we're getting a creep down this pool.
Fox News, all of a sudden, very mysteriously just shot up to the top.
Which of these are things giving the best work coverage?
Fox News 24, do we believe that?
No.
Now, BBC 22, I mean, even innocuous pool like this.
Those crazy, those rabid-right wingers.
Oh, we got to get in there and creep it.
Let's creep it.
These are crazy people.
They're nuts.
What differences does it make?
It's not going to change anything.
Everybody in this audience knows about what the fascist news network is.
They know it's all spin all day.
I'll propaganda.
Even a little more so than the other ones are doing now.
BBC 22, don't know to watch any of it.
The internet 18, MSNBC 17, CNN 16, I sure am.
Oh, and guess what?
After I did that skating attack on Aaron Brown and his pasty red muskrat wig.
All of a sudden the red wig turned black the next night.
Huh?
That turned black.
He must have borrowed Ronnie Reagan's shoe polish.
He must have had some leftover kiwi.
You think?
Or some hair?
I...I...I...
He's dined it over there.
Let's see in it.
The Unch's idiotic, whimpering, simpering Aaron Brown.
Meeeeeah.
Let's see.
And now see, somebody faxes this to us.
And CBC Newsworld International is Channel 366 Direct TV.
And I flip on 366 here on our Direct TV.
And it ain't coming in because we're not paying for it.
Oh, guess.
What I'm told is we are paying for it.
We're just not getting it.
Well, but how many years has that been going on here now?
See, that's just total incompetence on the part of middle-level management here.
Who are very in and coming...good, coming in the middle of the show
and disrupting what's going on here.
But when it comes to...
Here we are in the middle of a goddamn war, okay?
Yeah.
It's not bad enough that nobody with a brain is going to be listening to us
if they want to know what's going on in the world except during this show.
That's not bad enough.
But you'd think that at least they'd provide us with some stuff, you know?
We don't even have a goddamn newswire in Spiderman's Spiderman's promises,
months and months and months ago.
Remember that crap?
Oh, we're getting an AP Newswire.
It's something like that.
Yeah.
Sure we are.
And you're going to get laid too, clearance.
Right.
In fact, that's our poll question tomorrow.
What's going to happen first?
We're going to have access to every channel in the world and AP Newswire
and all the other good stuff or clearance is going to get laid.
Is there any doubt?
No.
No.
It's not all CBC News all the time.
It's been showing a lot of their Iraq coverage during the day.
Well, thank you very much, but unfortunately we don't have that here
because we've worked for a bunch of cheap bastards here.
We don't want to support you.
They don't want to provide anything for us.
And these people, wow, you know, when you're out of town,
you're about to touch bull crap, but I'm out of town.
I'm in touch with everything.
I got the CBC and the BBC.
I give you that city pulse up.
Right.
The thing about the shock and all, we were hours ahead of most everybody else,
or at least now or anyway, at least a few minutes.
530, man.
Yeah.
I had it ahead of everybody else.
And when you're here, you're stuck with the great resources of a measly broadcast,
which is a bunch of old broken down crap.
162 votes on here and they're fast people are freeping,
so we better get our own people to start creeping back.
We'll have a war on this.
I would better creep the poll, creep the poll.
I can just see those people sitting around in their underwear,
surfing the internet, looking at pictures of 10-year-old girls and boys.
I can just see them now.
You're of the type.
It's Gilbert just called again.
Gilbert is still calling?
Yep.
On the air too.
And why isn't this place doing anything about it?
Oh, that's right, I forgot.
The phone doesn't work.
The cable we're at, the satellite we're in.
The phone doesn't work.
The satellite, our direct TV is a piece of crap.
We're not getting the things that we're paying for.
The computer in here that I bought years ago is broken down
and all I'm going to have to fork into my own pocket,
which I can afford it.
But it's pretty embarrassing when you work for a company.
You got a do-it-yourself studio, including the...
We wouldn't even have the TV set if it wasn't for Jeff Cohen,
the TV and the VCR up there,
and the satellite if it wasn't for those nice people that...
Did the world set up?
Digital world satellite five years ago.
I'll tell you one thing, boy.
This place is sure provided us with a lot of crap.
Mostly crap.
That's all they dish out is crap.
Although I saw the billboards this morning coming to work on the turnpike.
So my billboard, the one that says...
Oh, God.
...a nice likeness of me.
And then I also a little bit up the Hershey Highway.
They're almost back-to-back, almost cheek-to-cheek.
Back to them.
There was Mo.
It said Howard David WQM said,
and very small letters too, you know.
Oh, and speaking of Mo, you'll notice,
we're not petty like him.
If you go on our website, are they still on there, the billboards?
If you go on our website, you'll notice where it says we're a billboard intensive now, finally, etc. and so on.
We have all the billboards on there.
They're one for mandates.
They're one for a hank.
They're one for...
We have balls for Donna Shalela.
And they're one for a Mo and then my five.
My pier.
They're all on there.
We're not petty here, unlike certain other people on the radio station,
who only want to promote their own thing.
They're own bag.
Well, the only reason the Mo...
They're into their own bag.
The only reason the Mo is on there,
because that's Carlos Home address.
Under that overpass.
Under that billboard.
Yeah.
And who bought you the ladder?
Diana Tapebaum, she'll Charles's gay.
Oi!
This according to the National Inquirer.
Ready for that?
What about Antonio?
For a long time, about the reason Tony Blair is involved with the Bushmeister in this war.
The overnight city's got to make it pictures of Prince Charles and a Butler.
They're both gay, according to certain sources.
Secret diaries could kill his dream of being king,
but of course he could always be queen.
Prince Charlie, for those big years.
All about Kenny, just imagine all the better to hold on to.
Hold on to those ears while he's...
I hear the royal family is in a rears on some of their obligations.
Prince Charles's gay exclamation points is the Inquirer.
Princess Diana made that explosive accusation in bombshell videotape she recorded as her
loveless marriage crumbled, and the secret diaries could spell the end of Charles' dream of becoming king.
On the tape she talks about catching her husband and his personal servant Michael Fawcett
in one of Charles' private bedroom saying they looked uncomfortable and uneasy.
Maybe it was a bad fit.
He's too close to Fawcett to die confesses the camera rolled.
Charles confides more in Fawcett than he does in me.
The whole situation is completely impossible.
I feel completely isolated, she said.
What can you do when your husband is in an unhealthy relationship with a servant, with his
man child?
Branded an arrogant snob who bullies Junior Stamp with fonds over Charles, Fawcett is so
close to the prince that he literally, when you hear this you will just crap your pantaloonies.
Fawcett is so close to the prince that he literally squeezes the toothpaste on the
bottle and Charlie had to supply a urine sample for a doctor's exam.
I want you to get in your mind.
No, yes, no.
He squeezes the toothpaste on the royal toothbrush for the prince, for Bonnie Prince Charlie,
don't call him Bonnie.
And once held a bottle when Charlie had to supply a urine sample for the
Squirt Squirt, Doctor's Exam.
Come Blue Ocean, come Blue Ocean, come Blue Ocean.
Oh man, it sounds real.
What did I tell you about all the queens at Buckingham Palace, man?
There's not just one.
I'd say there's about 30 men.
Yeah, at least.
Nine minutes past 10 at 560 WQM, we got those trans-more-arbitrans ratings, numbers, all kinds
of good stuff to talk about at 1130, which will kill some good time.
Since this audience is kind of like, come see, come saw.
I'll take some calls when I get around, which is relaxed there.
Hang on, we'll get to you.
Or not.
You're still free from it with our poll, by the way.
You're still ticking with it.
You're not fooling anybody.
As a matter of fact, you know what I'm going to do.
Eric, if you're listening, take Fox News off.
Just take it off.
That a good idea?
That'll learn them.
Yeah, that'll, no seriously.
If you want to free-bar poll, and it becomes as obvious an apparent as this, we'll just take whatever choice you like off the poll.
And you can go free of somebody else's poll.
We're not going to dick around with you assholes.
With you paranoid delusion, the loom takes an underwear.
Oh, by the way, guiding light is on delayed.
Well, it's too late now, Danny.
What else is there?
Although she comes around at the end of the show, because this is the one yesterday to head on in Canada.
Not only they have it on tape delay on Channel 4 here, but it's the previous day's show, just like passions.
It's the previous day's show.
And today's the day that, what's his name?
Finds out the Allen Spalding is really his father, and not the, what's his name?
What's his name?
Santos.
Jose Santos.
Ten past ten at 560 WQM.
If you want to get yourself a bed, there's a smart way to do it, and that is not getting into your car or pick up truck and schlepping all over town,
and a bedding in apartments, doors looking to get ripped off.
Just make one easy call over a million people of bottom actress this smart way, including me from Dalmatris,
and hundreds more smart folks are doing it every week.
You want to be smart, get you a great new name brand, Mattris Unbeatable Price Unbeatable Delivery deal, by calling 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S,
where I know you'll have a great night sleep for months and years to come.
It's the easiest thing in the world, just one easy call, 1-800-Matris.
They got the best C. Lee, Sir to Simmons, King Corley, Resized, and Style.
And Dalmatris is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction, and they got more repeating referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right and give you unbeatable deals.
Once you buy your mattress from Dalmatris, you'll never I guarantee you go back and waste time and money and I show them again.
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress from Dalmatris, they set up the new one and take away that crappy old, crusty, crummy old bedding for free.
That's right, Dalmatris sets up the new, takes away the old bedding for free.
So make the call now, because every night if you get a good night's sleep, you wake up in the morning feeling refreshed like a real human being.
If you want a great night's sleep for years to come, call 1-800-Matris, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for Dalmatris, the easiest, smartest way to get you a great new name brand bed.
My, and local, this is Sports Radio 560, you ain't way, you ain't way.
David's a bitch.
This spring, Fox TV breaks new ground as a follow up to the smash hit, married by America.
Fox presents a show with even more on the line.
These three alkyd operatives will tell you about themselves, they'll admit past transgressions.
They'll introduce you to their families, then after several weeks you pick the lucky terrorist that will be...
...wrapped by America. Let's meet a couple of the contestants right now.
And all my name is Tony, I've lived all over the world.
I'm most recently, I had a condo in a zoroah band. Before that, I lived in Paterson, New Jersey.
I enjoy making my own exploding chulacus and developing weapons of mass destruction in my own garage.
Terrorist number two.
First of all, I resent the use of the word terrorist. I am a freedom fighter.
My name is Collib Shakeya Booty. I live in my car under the golden gate bridge with my nine untraceable cell phones.
In my spare time, I enjoy sending anonymous flattening letters to congressmen.
And I play Duteronomy in the Toronto Players production of Cats.
Alright, Collib Shakeya Booty. I think we've heard enough.
Wait a minute, what about the other guy?
I don't think there's any need to continue. You're gonna be named by America.
Now, when you say name, then what's that all about? Do I do I recover from this?
Not so much. Not even after a link to hospital stay.
Not so much.
Oh, you shot me in a foot!
Can you still walk?
Yeah, yeah, I'm living pretty good. I lost a lot of blood, but I'm okay.
You shot me in the other foot. Can you walk?
No, I hope then you've been named by America.
Spring!
Pants 16, I see that the more things change, the more they stay the same.
I see that Tim Pots is still faxing somebody. He crosses out his phone number under and he doesn't put the name.
But it's still the same Tim Pots, okay?
Leave us alone, Tim. You're bothering us. Big time.
Haven't seen any scrolling from a little jury, by the way.
Oh, he must have.
Hi, he must not know I'm back. Why have you been getting it on a regular basis?
Not lately.
Nah, see, he probably gave up.
Oh, gee, hope we didn't chase a little jury away.
And how come we don't have those promos for all these appearances you've got today?
We're telling you you got two appearances today?
I know, that's why I said that. We just realized.
Jesus, look at how many appearances did you got today?
About third, man.
Yeah, it's gonna be a busy beaver, I'll tell you that.
Hmm, Georgia will be out today after the show 2-4, the Dove Hill Hotel Miami Beach,
for the Lifestyles Convention, try to get laid again.
Stop by for all the festivities, it's a couples-only event.
Well, what does that mean?
In other words, you don't want a bunch of old queens hanging around, is that what that means?
Oh, get that away from me, I don't want to see that.
Anyway, then, if you didn't get laid there from five to seven o'clocking stuff by a vast pro-out,
let's locate it off on an ID-5 in Griffin Road, spin that QAM wheel for QAM prizes,
including heat and cane stickets, which of course nobody wants.
Cans tickets, huh? We still got the canes on his station?
How's Donish a Leyla doing?
Billboards still upright, the billboard better still be up, with all those logos on it, including U of M.
Fricking Donish a Leyla who you kidn, and by the way, Dona, just in case you might be listening to the show this morning.
Arachite, f***ing blow!
Yeah, that's for you, sweetheart.
We got balls, you don't.
In fact, we should add that, you know what?
We should put that on the billboard, we've got balls, and then big print on the bottom, and big bull print, and U of M doesn't.
I'll look down on him, I'm not too sure about her.
In fact, I got a pretty good idea.
5-670560, pound 560 on it, and you know how many balls she's got?
3rd, man!
Anyway, let's take a call, or two, because they're, you know, they're getting impatient.
Here's Pompano, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, before I get a little couple of war comments, did you happen to see the movie The Stranger Beside Me?
Yes.
What do you want to say with that?
The Stranger Beside Me with...
It was like last week, Ann Rool's book was made as the movie.
Yeah, but that wasn't a new movie, was that an old movie?
Oh, no, no, it was, it was new.
It was just past week.
Oh, okay, well I didn't see that one, but maybe I read the book, because I know I read the book.
I read the book, and you read it on your recommendation a few years ago.
Right.
Excellent.
I did not see that.
And actually, it's Don, I know you've got Ultimate TVS, do you know why you could do the old search?
But USA, it's the Marriott 3, and Friday night at 1 a.m. Saturday morning, I guess.
On the USA network, if you want to check it out, it's kind of a mini version of the deliberate stranger that was made way back when,
with what's his face harming.
But pretty bizarre story.
I mean, the book, you know, it's just kind of brought back memories of the book, because it's probably been about 10 years since I read the book.
Any good news, by the way, for anybody who wonders, Ted Bundy's still dead.
Any good news?
You know, you talk a lot about the book, the talking heads, and I can never ring myself to listen to Russia, even Randy on the other side.
Have you ever heard Mike Savage and Knight the Savage Nation?
I wouldn't watch him if they paid me $5,000 a second.
I don't even know, he's on TV as well.
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know either.
The MSNBC, out of their desperation to catch up with Fox and all the right wingers, which isn't going to work.
Out of their desperation, they put on that Joe Scarborough guy, that right wing from her congressman,
and I also Michael Savage, late at night.
And if I see either a post on my screen, they set automatically, go someplace else.
You are correct.
I mean, I'll flick around the dial at night and half the time there's nothing out but pain's games or he gains two-not-FPL,
because it comes in so clear.
That's why CNN, during the war, is so rapidly a pro-war and so right wing in hawkish, is because they're also trying to out-right wing Fox.
This guy saying that that's for our mutants, that unit that we had that made the wrong turn the other day,
will it be sabotaged from within just like this Muslim guy that shot us down the guys, is bizarre as it gets.
I'm not doing it in delusional, like most right wingers, paranoid and delusional.
And you know what I don't understand, too, how white people would be upset when you touch on it earlier.
The rules of war, what rules of war?
Rules that get a right, they're rules of engagement.
Oh, God, it's like the same thing.
They mean they have to want to buy a nice ring with a big diamond in it.
You know, as much as it disgusts me, first of all, that rope in the first place,
but what do you expect?
I mean, you're dealing with a bunch of barbarians.
Look, there are two expressions, that's one of rules of engagement, and what's the other one we heard before?
Oh, for our friendly fire.
Okay, exactly.
Friendly fire.
There are no accidents, it's just friendly fire.
Oops, we kill the wrong people.
And for people to be appalled at this surprise, you're appalled at the things that are happening over there.
They're out of their minds.
I mean, that's...
Yeah, I'm gonna teach George W in the back room talking, we're just hearing about this and...
I can't believe this is happening.
He knows.
Yeah, thanks.
Have a great day, pal.
Good luck to us.
Okay, 80 million open lines here today.
This is very...
Of course George was on yesterday.
Five?
What?
Doesn't.
Most had a lot of calls yesterday because we were doing that movie thing.
Doing screen lists, so yeah, I'm running off the hook.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Amazingly, that Fox News Network disappeared from our poll.
Those creepers are having an interest breakdown.
If this computer wasn't so screwed up, I would go to freewarepublic.com during the break, which I'll always do.
No, not a showbyer, actually.
I'm really free to get back to showby over, but something.
But because the computer is so screwed up and so old and ancient, probably almost as old as a George himself.
But because of that, it would just take me too long and we don't have the time.
But rather than wasting our time with that, all we got to do is just eliminate it, which we did.
Nice going, Eric.
Which of these do you think is giving the best work coverage?
Don't know, not watching any of it, 32.
BBC 29, MSNBC 28, the Internet 26, CNN 22, CDC 14A, NBC 10, ABC 5, and poor Dan, man, poor Dan, rather, and CBS only got three votes.
Wow, three votes for CB, and I would agree with that. They're doing a pretty piss poor job.
Most of the time they got like Dan sitting in the studio alone emoting, getting very despondent and depressed and there are people dying and he's got that real tasty look on his push.
And not really doing an awful lot.
Got a great column from the Globe and Mail from yesterday?
No sorry, like ripped it out right on a airplane?
How Bush kicked the explodile out of these Geneva conventions?
He said, the people who mistreat the prisoners will be treated as war criminals, so says George W. Bush.
And so they should be, rights, Paul Knox.
That video footage of US soldiers being subjected to a humiliating public display in harsh interrogation, possibly after beatings, was disgusting.
Iraqi soldiers should respect longstanding norms for treatment of prisoners of war, even though we know better than to expect the same from Saddam Hussein.
But nothing George Bush says on the subject of Geneva conventions and international legal standards is likely to convince anybody.
He is unleashed the greatest onslaught against international law of any US president and living memory.
He has torn up arms control agreements and worked to sabotage the international criminal court.
In his campaign against terrorism, he is not only flouted in the venerable Geneva courts, but sought to deny suspects the benefits of the law as he is sworn to uphold.
Extensive US press reports, challenged only by the most, in the most general terms by the Bush administration, have revealed that US interrogators are using borderline torture techniques against suspected terrorists.
The toughest methods are used at Vagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan and on the Indian Ocean Island of the Aegar Garcia.
Their stress and duress tactics include sleep deprivation, questioning under pain and subjecting these subjects to extremes of cold and heat.
More disturbingly, US officials acknowledge that some terrorist suspects have been turned over to countries such as Pakistan and Jordan, which Washington's own annual Human Rights Reports accused of practicing torture.
We don't kick the expletive out of them, the Schmidt one official told the Washington Post, we send them to other countries so they can kick the Schmidt out of them.
This despite the fact that the US is a party along with 131 other countries to the 1987 convention against torture.
Mr. Bush insists on calling his counter-terrorism campaign a war, yet the hundreds of prisoners rounded up since September 2001 are not according to the status of prisoners of war under the Geneva conventions.
Hundreds have been held in Cognito and without charge for more than a year.
The US government says they are unlawful, combat and subject to no laws whatsoever because they're neither US citizens nor are held on US soil.
It says it can hold them for as long as it wants with no access to lawyers who do just to oversight, shamefully US courts appear to agree.
The next time you see a video of captive US troops in Iraq spare a thought for the 18 Afghans released this month from the US prison camp at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
They showed up yesterday in Kabul, cleared for what it's worth of suspicion.
One of them, Salomon Shah, told agents France press that he'd been picked up in North and Afghanistan by forces of the savage warlord Abdul Rashid Dostom.
He said he was tortured and kept for days without food before being turned over to US forces, eventually spending 18 months in a two meters square cell at Guantanamo.
Mr. Shah said he had no connection to former Taliban regime or al-Qaeda and apparently as US interrogators eventually came to believe him.
Another prisoner identified only as Bismillah spent more than a year at Guantanamo, his crime was failing to answer when S by US interrogators in Afghanistan about the location of Taliban units.
He's deaf, he said he couldn't understand them.
The treatment of terrorism suspects falls for sure, follow sure to the standards Mr. Bush wants others to uphold.
Here is the commitment of the United States should make.
We pledge to one of our obligations as a party to the United States, the conventions and the international convention against torture.
Suspected terrorists captured by US forces or agents outside US territory will henceforth be treated either as prisoners of war under the Geneva conventions or in accordance with laws and judicial precedents of the US.
Employees of the US government and members of its armed forces expressly prohibited from engaging in torture, condoning torture or harassing in the application of torture.
Suspected terrorists and prisoners of war will only be transferred to the custody of other countries on condition they are not tortured.
The US will closely monitor their conditions of detention to ensure the torture is not used.
If Mr. Bush could bring himself to say that in public, his case against the Iraqis would be far more compelling wrote poll notes in yesterday's Globe and Mail.
For what it's worth, as Buffalo Springfield would say, 56670560, there's something with his phone, you know what?
Like there's almost nobody on it.
Huh? My fault. What do you mean by that?
I was on yesterday.
You had a million calls yesterday.
Well, they were real. They don't want to talk to me. They don't want to have anyone to talk to me.
They wanted to say 190 votes on a pool. MSNBC has now moved to the front which is also bogus.
You know what I think? What we'll do is what?
By the end of the show, the pool will be blank. Right? That's a good idea. We'll just keep taking names off of there.
We could just put a bunch of dots with nothing next.
Yeah! That's not a bad idea.
Now, don't take it off of there yet though, Eric. I'll give him a fighting chance. MSNBC needs, they need help.
Lot of help.
Very, in fact, Jesse Ventures brought a whole new audience to MSNBC.
27 after 9, 10 at 560WDQM just an hour away from those big numbers, man.
They're going to be dreadful, deadly.
If you got $2,000 more on a credit card, if so, then listen to this.
Debit-cated consumer counseling will help you and it'll cost you nothing.
That's right. It'll cost you zero.
Debit-cated is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the companies you will want to, and they'll cut your payments in half.
Call 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
That's 1-800-4 in the letters N-O-D-E-B-T, and debit-cated will help you cut your interest rate limitate late fees, and save your credit. It'll cost you nothing.
The bank pays debit-cated and you pay nothing.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call debit-cated, and 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
Call and find out how debit-cated can help you. You've got nothing to lose.
If you've got real problems with credit card debt, high interest rates, and late fees, you've just had it.
Call debit-cated consumer counseling, and they'll be handling it for you from there.
Call right now, tool-free, 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
And don't forget, it costs you nothing.
Find a local, this is 560.
The radio's on your side.
Queue!
The young is too young.
And the next crack a dial, aren't there?
Okay, the London protect us.
Raky, you smell that? It's a right-winged parrot.
The girls are coming.
The girls are coming.
Oh, there's strange lot. They have the ability of speech.
But their brain span is much too small to answer a question.
They only talk only with three-program sound points.
Yes, there's old people's podcast, there's old people's podcast.
Look, there's a fat one sitting in front of its TV.
There's a pizzo that has recovered here.
There's a pizzo that has recovered here.
Watch this then.
I bet the 9-11, back.
Then why do terrorists come from Saudi Arabia?
Let me ask you this.
No, I want to know. I bushlet the Ben Leyden's escape.
And why they're still younger.
And he can learn about us all more.
And how can you support us?
That's the number of friends.
I hate the French.
You see?
All they'll pack America, plot.
It's bloody scurry.
Let's roll, plot.
That's tonight on Animal Planet.
1032. I'm really pissed off because tonight is Thursday.
Obviously, I thought that ABC would have the hot couples contest again.
Or whatever, that was not couples.
What was the name of that show, Who's Hot?
Yeah.
Are you hot?
Are you hot?
Are you hot?
No.
Could use a couple of degrees, crank it down a little bit.
But anyway, so they got some goddamn figure skating crap on tonight.
Maybe that's because Howard DeSooden or something.
Maybe that sure is not going to be on for while.
I mean, it's in limbo.
Because Howard's sperm soon to be salt Lorenzo's fault.
And speaking of Howard's sperm, by the way, that fact that came right at the end of the show on Tuesday, that really frosts my ass.
About how Howard's sperm is sucking up to the push people into this war.
I mean, here is a guy.
Those are the very people that have been trying to get his ass off the air for years.
Yeah, but no, he's a millionaire.
No, but that's not the point.
I mean, have some balls when he's got nothing to lose.
He can afford to do it.
Have some balls like us.
Here at Q&M, we got balls, Donna.
And he'd like just go steps in line because it's the safe thing to do.
I bet he doesn't even really believe it.
I can't for a minute believe that he believes that this makes any sense.
Conflicted in Carl Sprinces, and they're watching the periodic feed of the CBC on C-SPAN,
I do not share your view that the CBC is unbiased.
The attitude of the CBC covered seems to be cynical and very critical.
No, I don't agree with that at all.
Because of the fact they're not go stepping along, that doesn't make it unbiased.
You just don't like the fact that they're not falling into line.
They're given both sides. They're not just given one side. They give all sides.
It says it's sort of like looking at Fox News in reverse.
No, I don't think so.
This war and the peoples of opinions of it seem to be more of a referendum on George Bush
than rather an opinion of the war itself.
What?
I'm just going to say.
The peoples of opinions of the war seem to be more of a referendum on George Bush.
With all of its faults taken into account, the most unbiased coverage of the war seems to be the BBC Worldwide,
which is available 24 hours on XM radio.
Anyways Gregory Peck said that David Nevin and the guns of Neuroan were up to this to our next and there's no going back now.
I'm sorry. I've been watching CBC heavy duty now for weeks,
and for a week now since the war started, and believe you me when I tell you,
there's no way that it's like Fox News on the other side.
It's not biased. It's just the fact there's a lot of stuff in there that's critical of the way this is being covered.
Embedded my ass, let me say it again, embedded journalist, my ass cheerleaders is what we're talking about.
Cheerleaders who also, by the way, are in dangerous positions, putting their lives on the line.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Hey, David, welcome back.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's thick, actually.
Are you partying?
Were you at thick, actually?
Half and half, yeah, half sick and half traveling.
Is that AIDS kicking in?
Oh, yeah. Good one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's a bad thing.
No, don't even waste your time. Why are you wasting your time?
We just got these fixed. I don't care with you.
I don't want to watch that while I'm here. I don't want to see that.
It drives me up the wall.
Not going to get on the air. It's the same old tired crap and who gives a crap.
26 years plus later, and it's still the same thing they got.
And we got two calls on the board.
You know, I think until the numbers come out, we'll just play some music.
And talk about, we'll talk about my purple skin.
Since he's so worried about my health, you know, this asshole.
Now, seriously, here we got those doctors over there.
I don't want to say Cleveland Clinic put me on plavix and aspirin.
You know, it's like a little bit overkill.
Now, all of a sudden, you hit something, you touch something,
and your skin is turning purple.
You're bruising like just brushing by the door.
And all of a sudden, you got bruises and you got purple haze.
And I look it up on the internet and it says, yeah,
all this bruising, too much of that, too much blood thinner, man.
Too much blood thinner.
So that every time I put a little prick on my finger, so to speak,
to take my blood sugar, it's spru-
No, over the place.
Score, score, score.
Do you ever put a little prick on your finger and watch it squirt all over the place?
You just lay on.
Oh, geez.
Let's see. It says you could add NPR.
Well, NPR is not- I'm not putting NPR in there.
Should we?
Yeah, let's replace Fox News with NPR.
There you go.
That's what I'm listening to.
I was thinking more of a visual thing myself out of radio.
But-
And if you say, let's put NPR in there, right?
Somehow, it doesn't seem to me you can follow a war real well only with audio.
But it says they even spoke to a Lebanese journalist here that they definitely a different viewpoint.
Can't stand any of the TV networks says EL.
Okay, thank you, EL. We'll put it on there.
You replace Fox News right away news.
NPR.
Here's one. Oh, yeah. Mike.
Ah, the watch and spice channel religiously nice going might.
Also, a fact that says,
inquiring minds want to know,
did they find a date for the beast yesterday on Hank show?
Also, did you hear the day before,
mad dog talking about the beast wearing pants and no drawers,
and got a stain in the back of his pants way to take them off and wash their-
That's the beast. That sounds about right.
Wouldn't you think?
Sounds like somebody else, but not the beast.
Want to make a big impression on his first date?
So, sounds like the day you ate all the ice cream and crapped all over yourself.
You have- and you do have some great craft stories like the one where you fell off the toilet.
Hope you feel better.
Not exactly. I got like purple- purple skin.
Not at the moment.
And hopefully not anymore since I stopped taking the aspirinism today.
How long does stuff like that stain your system a few days?
I would assume.
Is there something with this, uh,
something very strange with these phones?
Here's plantation. Hello.
Plantation.
Going once.
Going twice.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think NDR should be on the list.
Yeah.
I listen to them exclusive.
Hello.
I think they're about as dumb by us.
You got two on.
I had two of mine at the same time.
Go ahead.
Now he dropped off.
Okay, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Yeah, Neil.
Maybe we could have-
Maybe we could have known be a new format.
We could have like three or four people on the same time.
I liked it. That was good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
I'm listening, sir.
Speak to me. Speak to me.
You're on. I know you're on.
But he don't know he's on.
Oh, my God.
Okay, that takes care of the calls for today.
I'm going back.
I'm going on the next plane to go right back.
But the good news is Ray Perry came in.
The good news for Miguel who's rewriting that promo
because he didn't like it or something.
But your appearances.
Here's my Marlon's tickets.
Oh, oh, oh.
Let's give away the Marlon's tickets on the internet.
Here, that'll make the lines light up.
Who wants tickets for opening day?
Anybody out there?
What's the disease?
Do you sure?
What's the illness this week?
Huh?
Which part of the body is falling off?
Which gangrenous part of that old,
the king body is like, uh, coming unglued this week?
All of the above.
Purple legs, purple hands, purple, uh, you name it.
Oh, we got that blue hands by a guitar man.
We got blue hands.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
This is the guy you want to talk to. Not some dangerous pills that'll make you sick and maybe kill you. Not some dead farm animal on the top of your head that people laugh their ass off looking at you. And try to feed it at the same time. Charlie for over 25 years is making guys look great with their natural hairline system, because it looks and feels like the real thing, like real hair. Like it's going out of your scalp. And you have nothing loose, but the ugly bald spot. Because everybody who goes to Charles L. Ferrier gets that 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie gives you full refund. No problems at all. Imagine the eroticis when you call it get an extra 200 bucks off the regular price when you call.
the Alfie Erie Studios, toll free 1-800-321-2413, get your hair back a little better and younger
than you ever thought you could again. 1-800-321-2413 or check them out on the web at CharlesAufieRee.com
Look into Starter. She took the inspiration for her music from the way she felt about life.
And that's what gave us the happy, go-lucky styling, though. At Benatar.
Can I work with this shot? Why don't you hit me with this shot?
Oh my goodness, yes! One has to draw from life, doesn't one?
Hit me with your best shot was about this vicious bastard I've had who deserved to be castrated.
That Benatar was clearly on a mission. To bring light into our lives through the positive
upbeat sentiments in her songs.
Oh yes, heartbreaker. That was my way of giving the big f*** you to all men.
The Lionel f***es.
Benatar's four Grammys for best rock female vocal.
Simba indicate that America was also infatuated with her gleeful wonderstake on life.
Well, certainly love is a battlefield. Honestly, I wonder why anyone bothers.
Is it really worth it just to have a little ride on the baloney pony? I f***ing well think not.
Finally, Pat turned her adoring gaze from male-female relationships to the joyous life-affirming subject
of child abuse.
Well, the scars do go back to childhood, don't they? It's all a pile of useless f***es life, isn't it?
Oh dear, yes.
Pat Benatar, she was the feel-good artist of the 80s.
Not. It's a big juicy, stopping what look at your business tonight, on inside the behind.
Now who told you that, Petro, we're off here. Where did you get that from? A collar?
Collar.
Simba, we're off here. I'll tell you how it gets to think you might as well be with this incredible
response here today. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60, on the AT&T, I got some bad news.
Are you hot? Is not. Won't see that no more.
Canceled. Poor ratings have killed off two of ABC's highly publicized unscripted series. Are you
hot? The search for America's sexiest people, which has been off here the last two weeks because
of war coverage, will show both of its semi-finals and finals April 5th. The network has
also yanked profiles from the front line. The real-life military series from producer Jerry
Brockheimer, the chronicle of US soldiers fighting in Afghanistan last year. That shows last
broadcast was March 11th. Bad ratings, they said. Poor rating. I think they cancel the
are you hot thing because of the Howard lawsuit, don't you? And Lorenzo. And Lorenzo had something to
do with it no doubt. Those yellow glasses. Well, here you go. You get a, meanwhile Fox's two
tonight remains strong with American Idol drawing almost 20 million viewers and 24 of the
Espinoge Laced drama that returned after three week hiatus attracted more than 12 million viewers on Fox.
There you go boys and girls. They finally get a hot show on here with the hands with some pretty
decent looking people and nobody wants to watch. Well, that's America for you. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you should be a family now. I'm going to.
Okay. Just want to let you know. NPR is probably the most non-biased. What I look at too when I'm
driving around the country and because like yesterday with the when the idiot was over there like
Jill Air Force, they didn't say no one said anything about the protesters out front. Of course,
he's stuck in the back door. Yeah. But you know, that's not what everything. And I had a radio accident
yesterday up in Atlanta where accidentally listened to, um, what's the name of his own? What if I'm
a television off now? Because there's a solid independent. Conan O'Brien? No, no, no, no, no.
You know, Bill O'Reilly? Oh, Riley. Yeah, you're talking about the no spin zone. Yeah, I know. He's
all spin all day like the rest of facts. All spin all day. First thing, I had a five-minute accident
with him where, and I don't listen to these right-wing jackass. Yeah. He was my French, but,
first of all, I caught the answer was that all the other news reporting and any other country
of the United States is wrong. They don't tell you the truth. We're the only one who's
true. Right. And then the second follow-up question that says, listen, uh, didn't they lob
stud missiles at, uh, at Kuwait? Are they considered weapons of mass destruction? And he's like,
oh, yes, they are. Well, how come we haven't nuked them? I think they should do that right away.
First of all, let me say this. They haven't lob any stud missiles. They have used zero
skudm- there's another piece of misreporting, by the way. The Iraqis have used no
stud missiles in this war so far. None. Zero. And they've allowed that. They've not allowed
that self-defense weapon. Right. Of course not. They're supposed to roll over and play dead. Don't
you get it? Right. Put all the weapons out. We're an invasion. We're going to kill you. Let's
take the poor debts and lay down your arms. Let's get that one up. Here you go. Okay, thanks.
Thank you. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Let's do the lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello.
Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I love your show, by the way. Uh-huh. I really don't
have too much to say, but I'd like to be considered for the Marlins' ticket. See why I put her on right
away, George? You'd like to be considered what? For the Marlins' ticket. A schnorrer?
For what? For a schnorrer? You'd like to consider it a freeloader? No. No, I pay when I when I want to go.
You realize that this is my first day back in town. I'm sick as a dog. I may die by the end of the week.
And this is this is South Florida's welcome back, Neil. Well, well. And that is can you give me some
free goddamn tickets? You're the only woman I've had that we've been on here for two hours and
you're the first woman I've got and you're snoring for freebies, okay? You know, I call world the time,
but you kind of intimidate me so I hang up once in a while. Yeah. Well, now it's my turn.
And as soon as I saw Lady and Holly, but I knew she wouldn't have had anything to say,
she didn't call to talk to me. I heard something about free tickets. Ah, free tickets. Ah!
I got something free for you, honey. There you go. In fact, I'll give you two for one. There's
another one. Two for the price of none. Freebies. Give me a freaking break, okay? I mean,
this town, it could be dropping nuclear weapons on homestead. And it would be the same old I'd be sitting
here pumping a goddamn numbers begging for something to say something. Can I have some free tickets for
the war? Can I have some free tickets to watch the mushroom cloud? I got a mushroom for you, honey.
Oh, no, you're not getting it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know, it's all the cause I had about the
purple of the bruises and the skin and all that stuff. That's important. That's important stuff.
We got to have one of our detailed people calling in right away about taking plavix and aspirin and
to highlight all these other things. My life could be on the line. I'm sitting here with some
bitch that's calling in begging me for free tickets. How do you like that? I got my girl. I mean,
we're in hell as the promo that we're supposed to have. You know, he's not going to get any goddamn
marlin tickets. He's busy hocking and trying to get in with Carlos. I got three sticks in there now.
I got a spick fest going on. I'm going back to Toronto. I'd rather die up there, you know.
Seriously, that's three specials. I can read the lips. George will be out today.
I thought, who is that? Which is like George to me? So, you know, one of your detectives,
you still did a bad job, Miguel. And speaking of Miguel, how come Miguel on passions has been
in a hospital room there for the last three days with his hands deep in his pockets feeling the
change, huh? Feeling a few pesos. The good news is finally on passions today. You'll see,
finally, they kicked them out of there because they have a bigger explosion. All these people,
all these burn victims have to be brought in. So, Eve has to leave the house again and T.J.
gear, whatever's name is T.C. L.C. T.C. It gets all bent out of shape and this is ready to move
right in. But the good news is that Antonio and Sheridan and Luis and everybody has to leave,
so they all go home. And for the eight million time, Luis and Sheridan are just on the verge of
telling Antonio, but that won't happen this year. Trust me when I tell you. George, today will
after the show will be from 2 to 4 at the Dovel Hotel Miami Beach for the Lifestyles Convention. Stop
by for all the festivities. It's a couples only event. If you're horny, if you look pretty good,
go by. Maybe George will give you a little feel. Then five to seven stop by at Bass Pro Outlet off
on 85 and Griffin. Spin the wheel for QM prizes including heat and cane stickers. You're going to
be there too? Yeah. Wow. Busy day for a little George. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing,
ma'am? Okay. I got a little news for these bush liquors. Yeah. We find no chemical weapons or no
weapons of mass destruction. Well, there'll be an apology to the Iraqi government or I did just
was going to say we just had to get them out. So we're there to liberate the Iraqi people. Don't
want to there. I understand that, but that's going to be what they're going to say. We're there to
liberate the Iraqi people. In other words, it's kind of like a multiple choice, which everyone is
convenient on a given day. That's the reason that we're there. Well, let me tell you something. I'm
Hispanic. I'm a Republican. Yeah. And I didn't vote for the gesture and I'm not voting for Bush
again. Good for you. You know, I keep an open mind. You know, I vote for the best Ken state.
Vote for Papu Cannon, man. All right. And have a great day. Good luck to us. 5670560. What is this? I don't know.
Is it just me? Because I'm a little there off. How they off? Because I'm definitely a little off. My
head is like still a little queasy. My ear. My left. How many years have I been saying that? If my left
ear would have her open up wide, you know, kind of like Clarence's rectum. Well, I understand he and
Dixie had a hell of a time. I guess he thought that Dixie was one of the Dixie chicks. Well, he's got
bad eyesight, you know. Here's Margate. Hello. Yeah, Plyvex. I beg your pardon? You take Plyvex. Yes, sir.
The greatest stuff in the world is working for you. That wasn't my question whether it's working for me.
I only turn when you take you and you also take aspirin, which is what they told me to do,
that it's too much of a good thing and your blood gets so thin that you like bruise
real easy and your skin starts turning purple. It's not good. It becomes anemic. Yeah, it's
contraindications that you don't take aspirin with the lavic. Well, let's see. How do you like that?
Doctors at Clean Like Clinic, you got me on both of my, so today I stop with the aspirin.
It'll take me days to get my life. How do you bring an aspirin? What are you taking?
The baby aspirin. Okay, so it's not so severe. You'll live.
Do you think till the end of the show?
Uh, it's a difficulty, but I would stop the aspirin right now. I would contact the doctor and tell him
about the bruising. Okay, thanks. Plyvex, good stuff. That's one of the detail, guys. He's
probably peddling it. Spensive is held by the way. Expensive is held. I would definitely not
put any in a bag or cough drops and try shipping them across borders. Why not? Not a good idea.
I didn't need like a zid in all I needed was...
Here's open park. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Me, Kay, about the wonderful Cleveland clinic. My mom went there for five years, okay?
Yeah. They told her she had problems with her lungs, but her heart was fine.
If it was up to her heart, she'd live to be 90. She switched health plans.
And she went to another doctor. They took her down to Broward General and immediately
did a five pass on her heart. They said you could die at any minute. Your arteries are so far.
Really? The Cleveland clinic said your heart is fine. It's marvelous.
That's what they told me. They said I got a good squeeze.
Yeah, well they damn their killed my mom. So just be real careful around the Cleveland clinic.
And you might want to get a second and even a third opinion.
I think I think I'm going to have to do that. I wouldn't even take my little dog there and he's
been dead for one. No, I wouldn't take tiny there even though he's dead. Right, exactly. Okay,
thanks. How's your mom doing? She okay? Well, she passed about two years ago, but...
Like I said, good point. Don't go to the Cleveland clinic.
Thanks. Okay, good luck. Thank you. See, there's a sad story.
Sad, sad story. Recognizing the public need for fasting and prayer. Oh, that's right. We're going to
have a big day now. Where is it? Where where's the rest of this thing? Oh, here it is.
We're going to have a national. Now this is not either. It's been listening since the WNWS days.
You have always been my favorite radio personality. But lately I can't just listen anymore.
Way too much Georgian is monotone, speak speak. And now you're very pro-irac-y position.
Oh boy. Sounds like you've fitted perfectly on radio Algebra. Bye-bye H-Ride Pimper Pines. Bye-bye H-Ride
have a great life, okay? He feels compelled to tell me that he can't listen anymore because he
don't like my opinion. I don't really care whether you like my opinion. That's my opinion. And I'm
not going to change it to suit anybody. I'm not going to pander to anybody. I'm not pro-irac-y. I have
against brutal unnecessary violence. I'm against the Bush administration big time. Grave robbers.
Thieves. Gypsies and crooks. People want to exploit for fun and profit. That's what it's all about.
And if it was just me if I was out of step, I'd say, well, I'm just a heart-ass. But it's the most
of the world as a matter of fact. Most of the world. So bye-bye Mr. Wright. In this case you
happen to be Mr. Wrong. 10.57 at 5.60 Q.A. I'm Tom Leman and your creative at Halifepont A.G.M.
C.R. Proud of what else? The Neil Deal March Madness Sale is still going on. Neil Deal number one.
You choose any new GMC or Pontiac in stock like the 33 mile a gallon five prices. Always
13,998 and get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months. That's right. 0% financing up to 60
months. Neil Deal number two. Choose any new vehicle in stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate.
That's absolutely correct. Get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate and any new vehicle in stock right
now at Halifepont A.G.M. C. And Halif's also got a almost limitless selection of great
Neil deals on used car trucks and SUVs. And as far as credit is concerned, one great thing about
these folks, they're not real picky. That's why so many people have been going there for over 35
years. Even if your credit is marginal, even if you know PD Lenny, they'll still be able to cut
you a deal somehow at Halifepont A.G. Don't forget if there's another great set of Neil deals going
out right now at Halifepont A.G.M. C. 134-01 South Dixie Highway. That's on US 1 across from the
falls open every day, seven days a week. Call the Neil Deal hotline tool free 1-885-34-4211. That's
on 1-885-34-4211. Don't forget all Neil deals subject to credit. Prove'll see the
Eleford details. Halifepont A.G.M. C. Who be pro-fessional grade.
I'm on my bed low. Is this sports 20 or 5-6?
You way, yeah.
Like, peace and quiet. Man, I don't need to listen to Barney Fag.
Barney Frank, Frank in in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
There are messages. There are known knowns. There are things we know that we know.
Run, run, run, spell. There are known unknowns. That is to say there are things that
and I know we don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns. Run, run,
run, spell. There are things we do not know. We don't know. And each year we discover
a few more of those unknown unknowns. Run, run, run, spell.
I believe what I said yesterday.
Well, I don't know what I said. But I know what I think.
Well, there are known unknowns. I can't think so. Although that's what I think.
1104-560, now who called you back?
That's f***ing bitch.
Oh. Do you want to wander the Marlon tickets?
See what we got in there? This should tell you. This should give you a real,
real good indication of what kind of town this is. I'm sitting here. I'm talking about purple
blotches that are like, come and go. Purple brew spots from my blood being toothed in from
taking plaivics and baby aspirin, which is bad, bad advice.
From a place that I'll never go again, I wouldn't take my dead dogs to.
And she calls in begging them off for free baseball tickets. For a team that nobody gives a crap
about and rightfully so. And have you seen any other women on the phone today?
No, no.
No. Over two hours. See, this is the thing. We keep hearing, well, you have all these lady
listeners. Maybe that's the case, but you know what?
Well, if I contribute to the show, you could stick up your ass in that room for the Iraqi army,
leftover, and 40 cruise missiles. Clarence. Well, after last night.
So thank God to George who brought me in a little carlos by way of George, brought me in a
centrum. How much iron is in this? I bet you I'm anemic.
Could be. How do you get anemic? But, but, but to become anemic, don't you have to lose a lot of
blood? I don't know. It might be a byproduct of your diabetes.
Because I have been like losing blood. Wouldn't it be a product of my
life? I don't know. What does that mean? What does that all about?
Does it cause all kinds of things?
Being anemic? Well, what do I know? But if you were like losing blood and oozing, oozing blood,
like remember, uh, using bleeding hemorrhoids? Yeah. When we first came here and your mom,
you know, he probably got those oozing bleeding hemorrhoids. Remember that big back instrument?
Oh, yeah. That big gigantic black instrument that Roy took out of here that one week.
It's supposed to sterilize it first before you sit on it.
It gives you bad roids. Bad ro! It's just a boil it in water.
So I just took a centrum. So I bet you buy 1130 when those trends come out. That'll,
that'll bolster me up for those real bad numbers. And that isn't going to be bad.
Probably get even worse because just like this clown in uh, wherever that was,
Pembroke Pines, well, I used to like, yeah, I don't care if you've been listening for 100 years,
sir. If you're going to turn the radio off because I've got a bunch of, and that nothing
to do with pro-Iraki, I'm certainly a pro-sadam. I'm just pro-human life. I don't like the idea of
a whole bunch of innocent people on all sides getting buttured and dying and brutalized because
in the fact we got a government that wants to go in there and like start with this militaristic
adventurism and imperialistic attitude around the world. Did you say you were pro-life?
Bon and profit. Pro-human life. Not nebulous life. Human life. Okay. Existing actually
feet planted on the ground. Or at least close to at least one toe. Like Fixie.
389 votes on the poor, 309 votes on the pull-that's right. It would be a lot more but we took
a certain something out of there that was getting bogus votes. Which of these do you think is doing
the best for our given the best job of war coverage? MSNBC 59, doubtful. Don't know,
not watching it in 58. CNN 54, 51. BBC 45, Internet 42, CBC 17, NBC 13, NPR 9, ABC 9,
and CBS still sucking wind. Only six. Sorry, Dan. They don't like you, Dan.
We already, I have it right here. Just came in from the Grudgery Port. Tells you how many people
nationwide are watching CBS news? That's it. So anyway, this is a thing that they tried to
fax before. It came in again. And we are all many of us read about this. But here's the sad news.
A bunch of religious board again assholes, including Ilyana Gross-Latin, Rosanna Dana,
having produced a bill in the house that we have a national day to fast and pray.
Yeah. And it's got a whole list of things about whereas the you had who were engaged in the award
to disarm the regime of Saddam Hussein, Liber Iraqi people. And in 1774, the Virginia House of
Burgesses called Verde a fasting and prayer as an expression of solidarity with the people of
Boston who went to siege by the army and on and on and on. And God, this and God, that and...
No, God. Yeah. They want to designate the President, should issue a proclamation designated day for
humility, prayer, and fasting for all people of the U.S. calling on all people of the U.S. to
observe that the day is time of prayer and fasting to see guidance from God. This is the
Congress passing a resolution that on a specific day we should see guidance from God
to achieve a greater understanding of our own feelings and learn how we can do better on
everyday activities and resolve and meeting the challenges that confront our nation.
These are people who never heard of separation from church and state. And those of us who are
the not part of the God squad, they can go to hell. And that's what and we can also eat on that day.
How do you like that? 56670560.560 on the AT&T line. Hi, Alia. Hello.
Hi, Alia. Oh, hey, good morning, Alia. Yes, sir. Okay.
Alia, I'm a veteran of Gulf War Act 1. And yesterday as I'm watching the news on that supposed
attack on that city in Iraq that got bombed by mistake. And I'm amazed how the government has
the balls to say that it may have been an Iraqi surface to air missiles. Right. Because I'm
watching this and I just can't believe that I mean they just have such arrogance that they would
say something like this surface to air missile is actually meant to bring down a plane, a helicopter,
really much what really what its name says. It does not have the capability to destroy half of
city block. Yeah. The government's contention that this may have been the Iraqis actually
throwing a surface to air missile to their own people. Well, you know, we're in total denial of
everything when they shot down a British plane with the accidentally what you call a missile,
Patriot missile, which these unfortunately for the Brits the new ones do work by the way the
Patriots real well. And the first thing they said was well maybe the British didn't turn around
the transponder in a plane that would have identified them as friendly aircraft. Was there fault?
It was absolutely not the British fault that turned out to be totally untrue and the Brits are
screaming bloody murder about the fact that the friendly fire so-called the US seems to be the
greatest perpetrator against their allies and against themselves in every conflict including
Gulf War I and this one again friendly fire. There's two things that the stick out of
mind from the first time that we were over there. One is that I had some good friends killed by our
own Apache helicopters, none by the Iraqis. And the other thing is that I went to Kuwait city for
a couple of days when we had a little time off and I will never forget the look of contempt
on the on the faces of the actual Kuwaitis that we were supposed to be liberating. They did not
want us there. They hated us even considering everything that we were doing. Yeah but the government
wanted us there because they wanted to keep their hands on their royal man. Of course, of course
but they hate us. They hate us. New on this war is only going to make things worse and I'm just
really saddened by what's going on in our country where our basic freedoms or you can't even speak
out against this government without being labeled a terrorist. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Is there right? Very fine. Hang in there, amigo. Thanks. You're the only voice of reason on the
radio. Yes, I am. Thank you, sir. Why? Me and George. Me and little George, 5667-0560, Tim and
Peckerwood Pines, where I said much is stuff about. Shepherd Smith is the best.
Shepherd Smith is a a simple Indian. Clear and not screaming like the MSNBC guys. I never said MSNBC
was good. Did I? I thought I'd do what I had to see it in and certainly way ahead of Fox. And Tim
goes out with a lengthy thing about Fox's very classy good people. There are a bunch of cheer
leaders, a bunch of militant chicken hocks is what they are. Tim and you can hack me a China
kind of facts machine all you want. I'll stick with a CBC and a BBC network and then MSNBC
and after that it's small potatoes and desperate pickings. I wouldn't watch Fox News if they paid
me by the millisecond. Okay? Because just like the American government, I wouldn't believe anything
that they say. Anything. When you're watching a network that has their own agenda, you're not
going to get much truth. 5667-0560-560 on a AT&T line. Let me tell you about the Emerald Coast
Chinese buffet at three locations for you. Some rise north by me beach in their newest location in
Pembroke Pines, where Tim lives over there in a what do you call it? Peckerwood Pines. Start out
your fantastic feast of the Emerald Coast with one or more of their six delicious soups and
sampled dozen a zillion zillion suckers and entrees, all different kinds of stuff. I would say
530 man. At least Oriental Surf and Turf on the weekends, New York Stripstake made order at
the gourmet center, a sizzling Asian grilled wittery ockie steak, shrimp chicken seafood, hand
carb prime rib. The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living too. They cook all of their fine cuisine
with cholesterol free oils. They don't use any MSG and sure as hell no cornstarch. You won't walk
out of there with a headache, just a big full pupick and a smile on your pus. The buffet at
Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, a fresh room cocktail, and their famous
lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque. One requirement, try to save room
for dessert because the dessert bar is sensational. I got pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all
your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a gigantic pig out at the Emerald
Coast. You'll find the original soft floretal location in sunrise. That's Pine Island of 44th
Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north 163rd Street north by me beach, and also with the
intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines. Emerald Coast accept reservations,
take out delivery available as well called 954-5723822. 954-5723822, when you're really hungry for
a great delicious meal, I'm talking about a gigantic feast. This is the place for the Emerald Coast
Chinese buffet. This is the Neil Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Mr. Jensen, what seems to be the trouble? Well, Dr. I think I have a nasty case of
hemorrhoids. Well, let's have a look. Just as I thought, that gigantic pain in the ass isn't
hemorrhoids, it's your taxes. All you need is tax preparation age. Tax preparation age? That's
right. Tax preparation age is the number one choice of positions to relieve that income tax-induced
pain in the ass. Just a tiny dab of tax preparation age instantly relieves the burn of itemizing
your deductions, the painful edge of calculating your mortgage interest credit, and the
intense discomfort of keeping track of those innumerable documents. Ah, where the heck did I put
that super schedule? Where's my 1099? Where's the W2 from? I'll show! Where's my tax preparation age?
Tax preparation age. Once you get it behind you, you'll actually look forward to doing your taxes.
So there's Tony Blair that we set it out to achieve our objectives. We will achieve our objectives.
How do you like that? To achieve our objectives, we will achieve our objectives.
Well, good. You know what he just said? Yeah, how many times did he say that?
30, man. 1117 and Muff was just in here and like, I like that. I forgot all about those trends coming
out. Okay, ratings coming out 1130 for December, January and February, two-thirds of the winter book.
Gonna be pretty ugly for mid days. I'll tell you that and then we got more and more of those people
out there. Well, we're gonna punish you because we got to die. You know something going ahead,
I don't care anymore. It makes no difference to me. You can stand on your head. I'm not going to
sit here and goose step along with a bush of administration. I'm not going to sit here in like
equivocator pretend I don't have an opinion because supposedly we still have a right to give
our opinion. Supposedly, we underline that as a matter of fact. Here's a good example for you.
High school teacher in New Jersey has quit rather than stop wearing an anti-war button.
Gary Tanker says it was a matter of conscience. Nice going, Gary. Teachers at Bergen Catholic High School
had been wearing red, white and blue. War is not the answer buttons until the principal told him to stop.
You know what Catholic High School? You know what else the principal told him?
There's no fact in the church. Yeah, that's what he told him. But you know what the real life,
you know how many there really are? About third man. Yeah, that's just in his church.
Joseph Fusco says the school's dress code bars slogans on clothing. Maybe they could
should stick one on their rectum. Yeah. And moonly a principal. Fusco says he encourages teaching
the anti-war point of view at the Catholic school. But he says he doesn't think a button is the
proper way to teach. Yeah, we're not worried about those buttons. We're worried about the
button that the president's got his finger on. That's what we're worried about. And did you notice
yesterday? Which of course we shouldn't be too concerned because we got important TV shows to watch.
But yesterday that Indian Pakistan are stirring out of the pot again. You notice that?
And pretty soon I'm going to start smoking it. Well now like you mentioned in one of those articles.
And of course this idea of preemptive strikes. Ah, haven't they been talking specifically about
those two countries that both have nukes by the way? What's to stop any nation from attacking their
neighbor based on our same reason? Right. Just we're just doing this preemptively to cover our
ass because we're afraid that you might attack us someday. It's like those arrest in Delaware
place. What was that Wilmington or somewhere in Delaware? That's the right word. But you're
filing. Yeah, they're pre-arresting you based on pre-crimes that they think you might commit in
some pre-life based on your black men in a bad neighborhood. Or whoever you are. They don't
they don't like the way you look. So they're going to just arrest you based on the idea that they
think you might commit a crime. You're thinking about it. You've got evil thoughts and you're an
evil doer. Why? Because they think so. Well I think that uh, centrum helped me. You know what?
It could have been that fast. I think a little iron of the bloodstream, huh? Maybe I'm just
hallucinating. Maybe it's because the numbers are coming out. I'm trying to push off. I'm not excited.
They're all going to be they're going to be awful. They're going to be god awful. Of course now we
got those billboards up and that's my luck. See during the during this wartime when of course I'm
sitting here spouting my usual very unpopular opinions. It's not going to help if we had 100 billboards
because those people out there, ah we hate you. You're pro-iracchi. You're radio bagged out. All
us other crap. All these stupid ass-and-eye cliches. Come onista. You know. So we haven't got a
time. It's chance in hell. But I don't give a crap. That's just the way it is. I'm not going to
sit here and pander for numbers. We've already had enough numbers. We've carried this guy down
place on my back for five goddamn years now. Let Mo carry. He's got a nice back. That's what's
like nine fowards in there though. That's yeah right. I thought it was the rest of us that had
nine fowards from the Mo might. Yeah he's vibrating it. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah hi.
You think after they're done bombing a racquet of true democracy that maybe they'll all be grateful
just line up and vote for maybe Alan Simpson or Ilya and Rosanna Dano or somebody like that.
Somebody like that one of these one of these things yeah. All right how long you think it'll take
till they have these elections. Missy another try to try to just let us worry about the show. Okay
sir don't try to do stick okay. Here's the cross-brings hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Ben
the thing the publicity that they gave you on the Dr. Laura show. I had a fact about it earlier.
Okay I just didn't know. The pony must be real slow getting hurt the news because that's ancient
history from months ago that story. The whole count of Lisa business ancient. Well my point is that
these right wingers can sit there and listen to people like Limbaugh a couple people named all day long
but then not just call people names but call it Clintons murderers and make up all kinds of
fanciable stories. I've heard them call Clinton a psychopath and Ilya. Yeah and when you try to do
some parodies which it's a radio show it's entertainment it's a parody it's not in Jeff then they
have to play the racial issue. Yeah. And say oh it's a race thing you're a racist. Right and of
course I mean of course we know what great friends the right wingers are of folks of color. Yeah
they just they just don't get it I guess I don't know but don't confuse them with the facts man
it's all I can tell you. Yeah I'll tell him for and have a great day hang in there. 5 6 7 you two
end on the A and T. What if it is. Well wait wait we're in a big hurry now because we got the number
the Miguel's gonna be doing the old in and out in the door out of the door in and out in and out
that's what Muff was saying I think was switchful thinking. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and for rising line MSNBC 71 votes don't know don't watch any of this stuff 65 CNN 61 BBC 51 the
Internet we have them 45 CBC 19 and if most people down here could see the CBC would have like
119 NBC 15 NPR 10 ABC 10 and CBS is still sucking win with 6 no wonder Dan's crime huh you see
the little cheer drops coming from the CBS eye oh brother you could put you know you could you
seriously you could put the CBS viewers in a little like a phone booth. Here's plantation hello
hello Neil yes sir I feel for my wife three years ago had the same thing you had the mini stroke yeah
and she takes the play VIX yeah and you got to get your blood pressure on the control my blood
pressure is an excellent control sir beautiful if she takes to in the role in Zokor you get headaches
also well first of all Zokor is not for blood pressure that's for cholesterol yeah the cholesterol
do I get headaches yeah the since I've had this last TIA I've got had some my headache problem
yeah because what she does is not too many doctors she has to take every three months she has to
go get shots in her head both top shots the game of a shot before it was both top shots that is
correct for what before it was used for cosmetic there were very few doctors that used it about
two years ago she gets 12 shots in her head for both doctors takes a week to get to take effect
and it clears the headaches up and this has been going off for two years already and this is
the truth I'm just calling the other friend and there's not too many doctors that do it
legitimately insurance pay for it and both talks will help your headache because you can't take
image tracks because it's bad for your blood pressure I've looked into this for the longest time
and just to let you know that both talks is helped her every three months 12 shots in the head
okay I'm glad to hear it okay thank you and then what clemenza said 12 shots in the head
12 shots at peace something like that you don't want to take any chance right
you want his brother coming out of there that's what sonny said centino with just his
a thing in his hands just his dixie so clearest by the way he had a even bigger smile on his
purse when he stuck his head in the door a little while ago man he's just a colon from that
well you laughing about it's the truth yeah I met a girl that he was dating once she was hot
Harry is really no I don't mean physically I mean the name 26 past 11 man and now the pressure
post the coast from two of the post you can start smelling it man it smells worse than most
peace the pressure in his building as those numbers will be puking out of the facts machines around
his building in no time at all this copy this hybrid copy is unacceptable even worse than usual
and that in his case is saying a lot this is an outrage I'll get Tommy to go what give it to him
and I seriously don't be like Sodom if you find yourself in a dead job pick up the phone
to call fast train I mean it even my little dog could write a better piece of copy than that in
his present state Mississippi call one eight six six fast train to get started in a new high
pin computer job and make some serious books especially if you have an IQ higher than Todd Dreck
which ain't saying much unless you're hiding out of the desk and cruise missiles are landing
around you there's no excuse call fast train at one eight six six fast train they offer convenient
dating weekend classes check them out on the web at fast train dot com and get out of that dead end
job unlike dictators computer professionals are on high demand so call fast train today fast
trains got locations in Miami Kendall Pembroke Pines in Fort Lauderdale a convenient location is
bound to be nearby you register at fast train dot com to get your free American flag bumper sticker
pick up the phone call fast train today at one eight six six fast train and start making yourself
some serious books eight six six fast train and be sure and tell them in a loud proud voice
that Todd Dreck told you to call my phone this is sports radio five six
here with these cities oh brother 53 new emails that's all spam i'll never have time to read
through all of them well that's no longer a problem thanks to spam on tape we put all your
favorite intrusive unsolicited emails on convenient audio cassettes so you can touch through
them anywhere like you look hard
now you can make ten thousand dollars a week working from home on your walkman
your degree without hammering on your own or on your whole stereo
hey guys meet hundreds of hot single women in your area funny what are you listening to?
spam on tape now you can catch up on all those vitally important messages from strangers who
got your email address from the last website you visited now you can increase your
with all new herbal extended cool thanks spam on tape spam all on tape
order now but don't send us an email we hate spam 1131 at 560 wdcm here's a very depressing
fact from our most chronic facts are of them all chronic facts are with the spy report while
flipping channels this morning i heard beer is good for you on the pollen ron show
what a ripoff artist absolutely correct it also sounded like it was taped off the radio
suds should sue says our chronic facts are you like that by the way we got the money python
series if they want to play uh i like chinese tomorrow
cheese so sad you know so sad using other people's material
ripped off from the rick and socho shame on you paul and old ron you will crow in fact we'll
have to see how their numbers are when these numbers come in here i bet you any minute now
miguel is going to come smashing through that door spiggen and mcgel don't forget these big promos
so what's the deal one is the marlin's home opener by the way it's very close in it
let me take a look and the opening day tickets i'm sure a very oh yeah look at that
very very rare park and passes we got tickets monday march 31 at next monday is opening day
the marlins and the fillies what the old time is that game hopefully about 10 in the morning
now why don't they put the times of the games on the ticket that you have to be joking me
have you ever heard in your life of a team that doesn't put a start with their good ready
no no seriously i never heard of such a thing
whoever heard of a team that issues tickets for a game and doesn't put the game time on the tickets
did you i mean you're a big sports guy do you ever hear of anything like that in your life no
how are we supposed to know what time the games i'm looking i must be missing it pro player stadium
tonne razon marlins and the fillies yadda yadda how does he squat how does he schmit
oh my god so i can't even tell him what time that well regardless
but the point being who's gonna get those don't Monday what is it for oh five thank you
but but it should say another ticket and that's another good reason that's not an ordinary starting
fan that's obviously a special time for opening day but most games are like 7 30 at night or 7
i guess but that's bogus jude that's just the first thing that we're gonna be bitching about with
the marlins this year of course they're not happy with that samson the midget he's not gonna be too
happy too bad okay loser loser jack ball
so how many people are looking for these tickets we got carlos in there he's you got your money okay
which would rather have the checker the baseball tickets door number one yeah door number 10
or or that door right there number three was on the outside yeah what's in the box
yeah i was his name clearance and he'd rather have a date with brad pit
so there they go right back in the old right in the old crack
i was thinking that opening day tickets would be like something really special and beautiful looking
maybe those are just the parking passes
oh you know what they were excuse me i apologize profusely i'm sorry
there they are see i knew they even the marlins couldn't be that dumb those are just the parking
passes the opening day ticket is beautiful it says uh where's the time oh there it is right on
top you blind man 405 p.m pro player stadium i knew that even they couldn't be that negligent
hey these tickets are neat look at those they look like old time baseball cards look at those huh
they're lovely anybody wants some marlin tickets you don't have to go to the game just maybe
something easily worth something huh i doubt it in fact they work too much right now
these are those opening day tickets are really special florida marlin's tenth anniversary
hey let's play a little thing for the marlins okay to apologize for the fact that i screwed that up
don't you think that's good that's it that's how you're getting and i know it's going to be a
gigantic opening day crowd to see the marlins take on the fillies so there you go back in the box
did i do these promos again or not i guess not
George right after the show today will be two to four this afternoon at the dove hotel
Miami Beach for the lifestyles convention and he's going to be taking some botox shots in the
stop by for all the festivities it's a couples only event maybe you can give him a shot
and then from five to seven he'll also be i'm with the gal i'm sure i reckon at vast pro outlet
located off i'm 95 in griffin roads spin the wheel for q and prizes including heat and cane tickets
i think the irons say maybe i should take another one huh got how they're just multiple vitamins i
think i think maybe i have anemia botox shots in the head i sound like i have like pounding headaches
i have like a little little little a little this and plus when my doctor gets my ear open this
afternoon i'm sure it'll just be oh man what that'll be how did they do that to get one of those
air hoses and blow it out no they just use a plunger you know like you open up a toilet with
you just stick the plunger on the side of your head and just like like that just pluck that baby
open man and you think if a hundred times more exciting than sex boy when that thing pops it is a
feeling the likes of which seriously have you ever had that when you're already getting and either
you're taking a shower or you're like in an elevator or like i'm expected that you're walking
around outside all of a sudden oh and you just let out a scream like oh thank god you know thank oh
god but we'll see and of course if you can't do it i'll just i'll just i'll just i'll just start
going to doctors every day a whole bunch of different ones i'm sure rumors i'm sure rumors
go to more take the line seveners there no place line seven i think it's all i've got it's
from where hunger oh no my mouth has given me a look wait a minute wait a minute here we go
just a moment is this is this good enough to have a what you call it drum roll i don't know
what do you mean by that what were you giving me a look 10 to 3 where the hell are we
you have what that means that we did better than we didn't November
okay well i mean we had a good month in February well okay there you are we didn't expect a
gigantic overall number because it includes December and February which once a December in
January and once the book comes out December will like drop off just like it will happen in
March when all the pro war people the bushlakers will drop off but anyway what do you mean by that
why in other words the rest of March good yeah get out of here you're confusing me away
his whole deal today is just to confuse the crap out of me okay take advantage because you know
because i'm a sick dodging old man and you're right by the way here come the first of the numbers
what what was i looking for oh sorry 12 plus these are the December January and February
transit all you people in a radio who gather around a radio does like a big party every time
the numbers come out because they know that old good even if you can barely breathe he
has no blood left in his you know if they had a dipstick to stick in my back though actually
they wouldn't find any blood huh i'm anemic man in fact let me pop another up hill here another
a vitamin or oh god see i feel better already it looked better i think that first call right now
this other guy with a boat talk shots i'm not taking those shots in the head okay take that
bottle with you i mean look what it did for Abe Lincoln Scott ahead is not a good idea sir
but i hope your wife is okay what the deal EDR oh this is good this means that the ethnic we had
those horrible ethnic months there wouldn't uh no uh no they sorry but run well they're trying
to make up for it now they're true because i and i think probably because i embarrassed them by
ripping them and asked EDR in the previous trend at a 6.6 there's still number one but all
the way down to a 5.8 tower with the power 96 oh they also are tied for first as they were in
the previous trend but dropping like uh almost a full point six six to a 5.8 power 96 didn't
that repeaty Lenny went to work no he is so full of crap uh w a q i to radio mom b
5.2 down a little bit hot so you got one two three four the first four stations are all black
and Hispanic including power 96 i mean there you consider them Hispanic right power 86 yeah
yeah young who yes urban yeah well let's let's say that urban urban FM life 4.6
CMQ 4.3 this is us the overall station radio on more 3.9 love 3.8 where the hell are we iod
3.6 i told you they'd go up huh stay rush down the rush and uh dr. Laura with all those comic
comic uh pink oh yeah we're in the house q a m on here overall two six to a two five uh oh
somebody must have dropped a little bit but in midday we went from a uh 3.7 to a 3.8 which
may not sound that exciting George but keeping in mind that we dropped off a 7.7 in November which
means we had a pretty damn good February thank the lord okay thank the lord just to keep these
damn bastards pacified because you know management people they're never happy they're never happy
you get about 20 share well how come you're playing that thing grumblers and mumblers in the morning
however let's see let's see how the momister is doing in fact let's do the break and then we'll
see how Moe is doing we'll take a look and this of course 12 plus is not a demographic but we
it's a start it's just a little bit of a start and of course we know we don't want to bore you
with this because we've only got thin oh a few more numbers and it will be complete right we don't
get the hour by hours so no well of course not but i'm just saying at least for the midday at least
it looks like February was good thank the lord after two atrocious months where they use this like
as a battering ram all the right wingers out there like let's take a look at the 12 plus in midday
and let's see how flush did four five to four nine see i told you that's that the iod that's
that right wing thing like Miguel all his people all your people Miguel thanks men 18 plus
five nine five eight q i od six one it was six five see they're going to be gigantic in this when
this book comes out because i'm understanding that they're putting all this a news coverage on as
well as beside dr. Laura screaming about condolese and about communists a bit of their clear
channel they create their own hype i see but the fact we stay just about to send in men we had a
very good uh february again but we'll get to those morning and afternoon numbers momentarily we don't
want to hang sitting on the pot too long getting all nervous where's hang going to be today let's see
you have to schedule the most bizarre way up there uh about a hundred Joe roast for the mad dog at one
today no mad dog well he's got a better gig than i got he works what about two days out of two
days out of every and then you got the hank and gallstream this afternoon plunge in his guts out
three o'clock seven o'clock it's his question mark and the mysterious no just a bunch of question
marks we don't know maybe we'll see maybe we'll sign off shico pant and preview at seven thirty
to panthers that say Lewis to get pounded again eight o'clock tonight any cancer the hockey game and
Joe and mark just like clockwork overnight you know it's March mad this time of the year again if
you're looking to lay down some sports bets you better know who you're dealing with vip sportsbook
dot com is absolutely the best you can have complete trust in vip sportsbook dot com illegal license
sportsbook one of the original online books and still the best you like high parlay odds you like
those uh how to parlay odds up to two thousand one side of you how about free same day payouts how
about a fifteen percent cash bonus and the first deposit most of all for the past seven years vip sports
book dot com's are in a reputation as the sportsbook with the best customer service sportsbook
review dot com is rated at number one customer service two years in a row might be your turn to go
on a roll of a lifetime and if so make sure you're in a right sports book when that happens
sign up online at vip sportsbook dot com and get yourself a fifteen percent cash bonus
added to your first deposit nothing like starting out a winner if you're not online call them
tool free at one eight six six vip bets that's one eight six six vip bets but the fifteen percent
sign up bonuses only available online so get your ass online and get you that fifteen percent
cash bonus today at vip sportsbook dot com where you be the vip
my
was
you
go
do
Now like with a swammer rag, if we think that someone's sister's swammer rag,
So to hell with the inspections, let's look up for the elections.
Close your mind and take directions, swammer rag.
Fall in line and follow orders, swammer rag.
For our might, vaccines are borders, swammer rag.
Oh, this degree will call a treason.
Let's make more than up to season, even if we have no reason, swammer rag.
All right.
13 till noon at 560 W. Crim.
Joe Rose for the Mad Dog at 1.
MSNBC reports.
I have no offensive capability up there.
There you go.
I think we were talking about the Panthers, weren't they?
Anyway, so many 18 plus overall.
Do you see this?
Not looking good for that extra bonus, George.
Oh no.
What did I tell you about IOD?
Of course, keep in mind, IOD had a big December and January, right?
Keep that in mind, which means February, they still did okay.
But, you know, just trying to make stories for you.
Well, that's what everybody does.
A radio mom B, but this, this trend, obviously,
wasn't nearly as ethnic as some of the others.
Howard Spurman in the morning.
Let's see, 8188, 2, still number one.
A radio mom B was number two.
The morning's uh-oh, uh-oh, mo.
Hey, mo.
All I can tell you is that one bogus moment there,
one gigantic boat, you know, I think he might do better if he did.
Take off those checkered pants.
That might do it for you.
You know, change your image.
Maybe some of those old cockers out there who are not
golfers onto the age of 100.
And maybe they might put you down.
I doubt it.
Maybe people that don't have bad hairpaces might put them down too, you think?
What do you think, mo?
I-I-I-I don't know.
Let's see, 4-2 in a fall, 4-9 in the last trend,
and not about 4-3.
A precipitous drop of a half a point.
The Humper Ab, and sorry, should I mention those or not?
I don't want to get them upset.
Hank.
Just numbers, Hank.
Just numbers out of piece of paper, I know.
Hank, let's see, in the last 20, at a 5 point,
he was number two, but not out of 4-3, 7th.
Huh?
So, thank God for the midday for-
Oh, God.
And a mad dog, right?
What was it again?
In men?
Five, eight.
Something like that.
I think it was, uh, I don't know, 25-
5-3, man.
Something like that.
5.8, like I said, from a 5-9 to a 5-8,
which means we had a damn good month.
Because we're-
That's including two grotesque months.
One of which will drop off once we get to the third month of the book.
Anybody out there following this?
No.
Only the people in the business.
That's what we do this for.
The rest of the answers in a comment
we don't really care.
It's the very least we can do for the poor bastards
who work in this business because most of them unfortunately
work for Chief Channel.
And they're already under the gun.
You know what I'm saying?
They're already taking it off the ass.
From Chief Channel, from Pete Boulder, from David Ross,
from all of those goyms.
All of those grave robbers that are holding all these rallies.
Let's rally for America, okay?
And by the way, one step to the left and two steps to the right.
All right.
That's the way you do it.
Not how you go step?
You take it, huh?
First step to lock your knee.
So the morning's reading, you know,
I'm going to put in that one big month in there
of the anti-neil people in January.
But February, it's just kind of like,
fell back to Earthmo, okay?
He was, you know, him and he was going on there with the guilty.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We did this and we did that.
We had those gigantic numbers.
I think once they talked to the,
once they went on the website and they saw that picture,
I think that's what put them under the edge.
You know what I mean, Mo?
Hey kids, stop!
I know.
Just calm down.
So there, there you go.
We don't need anything else.
Do we?
Big Howard was the big in the morning,
Howard Stern that is.
And of course, he's pandering to the right wingers
by being a big war supporter and a big bush man.
We knew he was a big bush man already.
But the war and the president we didn't know about that.
A radio mom B in the afternoon,
oh, I see.
So maybe there was a lot of old ethics in here.
A lot of old rhaulios.
5.3, oh yeah, from 6 to 4th to first.
Like we're reading the program at the track.
W.I.O.D.
Tied for first.
Oh, the Schmidt Meister in the afternoon.
Look at that.
How do you like that?
The Schmidt Meister with a 5.3
time radio mom B number one.
That is scary.
That is,
unb-
Scary is what it is.
The Rush Meister and the Schmidt Meister.
That's where it's all at right now.
Because America is taking this big gigantic turn
to the right.
They're taking a gigantic goose step to the right.
And that's what the public wants.
You're not going to hear it here.
Sorry.
We'll hear it here.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to thank you and George
because of like-minded people.
We got it.
It has to be somebody
talking to the right stuff.
Well, we're in big trouble now, man.
I'll say that.
You know, I tried to change my mind
for 48 hours and go with the war.
And then I put on Hannity and Rush and Schmidt.
And I just jumped right back to the left
because how the burden got that big
condescity area.
We got the big contract.
Congress is trying to block the French
from getting any kind of cellular contract
after the war is over.
And CNN reported that Iraq will be
exporting oil within three months
even with interim governments.
So you, I mean, how could people not see
what this is about?
Because they're stupid.
Oh, absolutely.
Well, I found some website in
passing that 75% of the Americans think
I rack had something to do with the
world trade center.
Yeah, well, there was more like 50
some percent, but it over half, yeah.
So when they find the factory,
I guess that makes the box cut is
the war will be justified.
Yeah, you got it.
You know, and I tell you,
you talk about the censorship
of the news.
They show like a guy like David Bloom
is something on NBC writing with the truth.
He's got it like 20 hours today.
He's writing it.
I don't look so majestic,
but there's never any fighting.
You never hear anything.
But now Bush comes on yesterday and talks about
that it's going to take longer because of
any other news, the word miscalculations.
Like miscalculations like the regular army
is writing, not just the Republican God.
We're going to have to change the name
this war because apparently
I raki freedom is not what these people want.
I mean, we've changed the what three times.
You know, mass destruction or the
resolution war.
And now I raki freedom war.
I have no idea what they're going to call it next.
It's just so beyond me.
But I mean, I put on this Hannity guy with the
venom that is spewed from this man.
And he has a mother of one of the captured soldiers
and she's for this.
Oh, well, I could you could be for the truth.
I mean, we're all for the troops.
That's why we're against the war.
People seem not to understand that.
No, anybody doesn't understand that.
It is a moron.
It's all I can tell you, sir.
And have a great day.
Good luck to watch.
5670560, pound 560.
It's all a cliches, all the tried stuff.
You got to support the troops.
We all support the troops.
That's a given.
Okay.
That's a given.
Nobody should have to stand up and say,
I support the troops.
I don't want to see any harm come to any
American.
Why don't we all say that?
You know,
but it's just part of this ongoing process where,
you know, anybody who isn't the goose stepping right in line
and completely echoing rubber stamping the government line
is a communist and on patriotic piece of crap.
18 to 34 now.
Why do we even bring these?
Is this a 25 54, huh?
What is he saying?
He said that's it.
Oh, that's it.
Thanks Miguel.
Lovely job.
You got opening day, by the way.
If you want them, maybe it's not opening day.
He'll take them.
No, if you want them,
I don't say I'll take them.
See, I'll take them.
Does he insist?
If you throw it in a 960,
because there's a other if you drive him there.
If you drive him where?
No, no, no.
I've heard about you.
25 to 54 hot.
Look at that in the morning.
WHQT, they were at Cox Broadcasting.
And the only good thing we can say about them
is they're not the beesleaves and they're not the cheap channel.
7.6 hot.
Big 6.9 in the morning.
This is persons, of course.
OWA, radioalmore 5.2 is still in third,
but taking a big drop.
Radio ritmo, more ethnic, more Hispanic,
WEDR, more dark.
Radio Romance, more Hispanic, Hispanic, and dark,
and dark in Hispanic.
Howard Spurman is the only one who's able to penetrate.
If I can say that, that the whole deal
are in the morning.
Then life, what do we got to 25 54 in the morning on this station?
We have a Zeta.
Oh, look at that. Zeta keeps dropping.
Maybe if they keep playing more of that old,
working sud stuff,
Viva is good for you and I like Chinese.
Guys go on running, Paul, from a 4.7 to a 4.0 to a 3.8.
Then the coast, then Y 100.
Magic, kiss, kiss, kiss, stays right up there.
You know, they're still kissless because they steer clear of controversy.
Yeah, our good friends are kissed.
I don't want to talk about the Dixie Chicks,
or the Dixie's or anything like that.
Power.
Oh, power didn't have to get up a book.
Let's hear it.
We like our friend, Kid Carita and the Hall,
but you know what?
You're showing off lately.
And off is enough.
Share some of the spoils with us.
Okay, Mr. Big Shot, and also quit playing that crap music.
Love 94, 2.9.
WXDJ, what am I going to mornings?
I'm still looking for Mo.
And the amazing part of it is he actually went up a little just a hear.
Just a little like it.
Just a little curly red musk red here.
From a 2.4 to a 2.5.
So now in person's 2554, he's number 18.
Let's hear it for the Mo.
Myster right behind IOD with a 2.7.
Oh, not looking good.
Person's 24 on a 2554 on this show.
Who the hell am I talking?
Oh, look at that.
Bonus time, baby.
You'll see.
Life is number one with a 6-3, followed by the coast.
This is men and women, persons 2554, followed by the coast.
Love 94, CMQ, no speaking English, EDR,
hot, WQAM from a 4.0 to a 3.7 to a 4.3.
And now keep in mind that's including even those two bad months.
We had a gigantic February.
How do you like that?
Here on a show.
Anybody here?
Oh, well, we do.
My big local business is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
QAM.
QAM.
Well, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQAM.
Blinded by the ride.
Bad moves like douchebags, the 60 moral rights.
Blinded by the ride.
I felt like a douchebag, was I even when it was fine.
I know you may not understand what I did or who I am.
Most of you don't read any books.
So let me introduce myself.
I was a well-respected hard right man,
entrusted by high-level shloops.
I used to have a powerful Republican position.
High upon a poor row crown.
The Holy Christians were in systems that I have
that's red and clinging,
which any means that could be found.
Ships made a high to nervous breakdown.
All saw was blinded by the ride.
Bad moves like douchebags, the moral pasty ride.
Blinded by the ride.
I felt like a douchebag, was I even when it was fine.
I had a mission to the parties for my moralistic Christians
and throwing their ticket on the road.
Why's that a rexic fundic sister and cult
their raising clusters given power falls a cult?
My job was to welcome you, to the right wing.
Point of view people might be easy to sway.
And now the hatred that I spewed about minorities and bankers used
make me want a few two days.
I'm moving the little tail of my cage,
cause I was blinded by the ride.
Bad moves like douchebags, the pasty moral
right. Blinded by the ride.
There was input,
but she was naked on a pause,
which you guys taken her.
Dog and style.
From all three at five sixty WQM,
we hit the jackpot in February.
That's what these numbers say.
Of course, March is going to be really bad,
cause they're going to take us out of the,
you know, and all depends on who gets the diaries.
Of course, they always does what?
They're going to take us out.
They're going to take us out.
Is what they're going to do?
First, of course.
Wow.
Don't forget, George will be out is what it says here.
George will be taken out to Safton in 2-4,
the doble hotel Miami Beach for Lifestyles Convention.
Stop by and see what your lifestyle is, okay?
Stop by and see the bunch of beautiful, lovely
voluptuous, broads that are going to be hanging out.
George is just going over there to get laid.
And then five to seven stop by the Bass Pro Outlet.
I'll find out if I have a griffin road stop by to spend the
WQM prizes, including Heaton Kane's tickets.
I shouldn't talk about George looking to get laid on the air,
cause Christel's probably listening, she'll get upset,
but she knows it's true.
And she sure knows that they ain't happening at home.
But anyway, let's see, man, 18 plus.
I want to go back to this for one second, these numbers.
You're not doing those numbers again, are you?
Because Fox Sports, I'm going to tell you,
you hit the jackpot, Pety.
All day long, every day part they got fractions.
The only day part that they got more than just a fraction
is in the midday, 10 to 3.
And that number is, I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Osama
and Sodom at the same time.
Where the hell is it?
Can't find it.
Oh, there it is.
From a 2-3 to a 1.3 in men.
That's a sports station.
That's a male-oriented station sports.
From a 2.3 in the last run to a 1.3 in this one.
How do you like that in midday?
Just sucking wind over there at 50,000 watts
in the middle of the day at 9.40
and Fox Sports is sucking wind.
Here's a lady in Miramar.
Hello.
Hi, Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm a long time listener for Stan Quilla.
OK.
And I would love to go to the opening game.
You have any tickets?
Maulins.
I beg your pardon?
Maulins, opening game.
Yeah, I have tickets for me.
Oh, none for me?
No.
I waited so long.
No.
What would make you think I had tickets for you?
Well, you said would everybody like to go to the opening game?
I was talking about in here, not on the outside.
Oh, my God.
I was talking about on the inside.
Oh, what an answer.
But I'm sure they have plenty of tickets for sale
at Pro Player Stadium.
We had a good time.
Two out of two.
We're betting 1,000 on the ladies.
Before 1 o'clock, if we don't get one woman to call a show
who's not a free-loading bitch,
who isn't calling the show to squeeze out a couple of freebies
or something,
that'll be, I'm going to be pissed if we can't get one.
Huh?
They take, they take, they take, no wonder they,
heterosexual population in South Florida.
So God, they're infreshed rated.
No wonder George is going to the Lifestyles Convention.
Hoping to get lucky.
Hoping to get just a sniff.
Just a little sniff.
That's all.
Anything.
A whiff.
I wouldn't wish the women in South Florida on anybody,
on my mother.
And she's one of them.
And that's part of the problem.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I mean, seriously, can you really believe that?
I saw a lady in wherever the hell it was.
I thought, well, at least this, this, after the first one.
She couldn't possibly be making the same mistake.
Could she?
She couldn't possibly do the same thing.
Err, is that other broad they called?
We're not giving away tickets on this show anymore.
Ever.
That's the worst, I ever had to sit here and read all of the goddamn numbers.
Without even reading the radio stations,
that here you go, 5, 8, 4, 8, 3, even, that's more interesting.
Then here in a bunch of, of mindless goofballs begging, pleading,
degrading and humiliating themselves,
like a bunch of supplicants out there.
Like a bunch of quizzlings.
Oh, can't we please have something for free?
Don't you have any more Wanda Mugs, Neil?
I wonder.
I really wonder what's all I'm doing.
And you know something that was, now, maybe it's only by coincidence.
Could be.
You think the R&O, maybe I'm anemic from my, that would be ironic.
But don't you have to, like, lose blood to be anemic?
No.
You know?
Well, then I must be.
And thanks again, Cleveland Clinic.
I'm going to tell you something.
I'm going to go over there and I'm going to do a big crap.
No, I'm serious.
I'm going to go in the emergency room this afternoon.
I'm going to take an em.
Before I go down, I'm going to eat a pound of sorbetalk candy.
Do the paper bag, the flaming bag goods.
Listen to me.
I'm going to, no, I'm not, not no bag.
I'm going to go right over there, no bag, no sack.
I'm going to take my pants down.
I'm going to take about 40 pounds of pure unadulterated crap
right on the lobby of the emergency room at Cleveland Clinic in Western.
Thank you so very, very much.
Okay, for practically putting me in a box.
I got a stroke and here's the guy puts me on the treadmill for a stress test.
There you go.
Yeah, there you go.
Let's see if we can get you to croak right on the treadmill while I'm
hucking a china kibble out the Kovalev trade and about your hockey crap.
So here we got my man.
At least rumors consistent.
Although I do have my one great doctor.
She's great, but other than her.
We got mid-church.
We got the Cleveland Clinic.
But what more could any self-respecting human being want, right?
First, they take your money and then they take your life.
Huh?
At least he picks up the check.
Well, he's in St. Louis anyway.
He can't hear it, but I'm sure Pharrell give him a spy report.
Thanks a lot, Pharrell.
I mean, you know, it's he means well.
Yeah, he does well.
It means well.
He means well, but then again, so did Hermann Gehring.
5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T line 423 votes on a pool.
Probably we'd have over five.
I'm sure we'd have over 500 if we didn't take Fox News.
If you're wondering where Fox News is not there because the Fox people
they were diddle and us.
Okay, they were a free pin our pool again.
Those they've sweeping freepers were free pin our pool.
And so we got 423 votes.
MSNBC is there no problem, Miguel.
Take it and enjoy it.
Okay, you'll be the one in one there.
88 votes for MSNBC.
Nice interview.
A lot of people in those Marlon games.
But third man.
Don't know not watching any of it.
Seventy-eight.
The question was what the which of these do you think is doing the best work
coverage?
CNN 68, VBC 62, the Internet 59,
CBC 22, a they're doing a spectacular job on a CBC.
I wish each and every one of you could see it and then you'd understand
what real new current news coverage is about.
It's not all negative.
It's just honest.
It's just right down the middle.
Whatever is happening they're reporting it.
NBC 16, NPR 13, ABC 11 and CBC.
CBS is still got six.
Talk about taking a dump.
Man, I wonder Dan seems so more,
more bit in modeling these days.
He seems like a suicidal.
His numbers are even trans,
they're even eclipsing those of radio,
a schlock sports over there.
Nice going, PD.
Maybe you're doing it.
PD Lenny and PD Boulder.
A match made in heaven.
You know why I feel so much better now?
PD Lenny is not in the building.
The aroma,
they used to permeate the hallways from him.
The vibrations in the hall from him and jumping up and down like rumble
stilts good on magic mushrooms.
We don't feel those where I can like see six sitting in our seat.
See?
I see.
Sick.
If I told them once I told them.
30 minutes times, don't call me in Toronto.
Papa, papa, papa, papa.
No more gossip, PD Lenny.
Leave me alone.
Okay.
I'm not interested in your rumor,
rap line.
I'll tell you one thing we can all agree on
and that is getting glib night sleep is one of the most important things
as far as how you be feeling.
Over a million people
buy a great mattress.
I'm dialing my frisk right over the phone
and hundreds more and doing it every week
because more and more of us are catching on.
Well, I've been doing it for quite a few years now.
last several mattresses I bought I just made that one easy call.
1-800-MATTRES.
That's all you do.
Just call 1-800-MATTRES.
You'll talk to an expert betting consultant, not just an operator.
Somebody knows betting inside and out and you'll have a great night's sleep assured
from Donald Mattress for years to come.
They got the best mattresses in the world.
No brands in nobody ever heard of.
Only the best.
They got Seely.
They got Serta, Simmons, King Coral, and every size, every style.
You want a king.
You want a twin.
You want a queen.
And Donald Mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody.
Because they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you buy a mattress from Donald Mattress, you'll never go back to a show again.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress from Donald Mattress, they set up the brand
new one and take away that crappy old smelly soil betting for free.
That's right, Donald Mattress sets up your brand new one and takes away the crappy old
stained betting for free no matter how anxious it might be.
Make the call right now.
You'll be sleeping great as soon as tonight.
They'll be there whenever you want within the two-hour window.
Call Donald Mattress 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MATTRES.
It's the smart way to get you a great new name brand, better than an unbeatable price.
We're sports radio 560.
You A.M.
Odd.
What you found political life got you down and prime ministers just like enough.
And you find Americans all stupid and their presidents doused.
And you know it's time to move ahead.
Two hundred thousand troops have now been sent by the US with 50,000 British troops in place.
The coalition now has 14 countries more or less and 15 who don't want to give their name.
But third man.
The prime minister will soon be asked for likely to leave.
His job is done so why not should be care.
Having clear with the colliled group and baby will be.
The delightful Mr. Tony Blair.
Jesus Christ.
The coalition's there to watch your back for the attack.
As a show of support and their good taste.
And with Bulgaria in the obvious and the course whose Pakistan's credibility goes right away.
Don't fire how.
In the courtroom of the highland group your major will be there with Mr. Blair deciding what to think.
We have a lovely buffet attack.
It's rip and put.
Or would you like some of my small.
And that's it.
I love those endings.
Don't you just sit there and you wait that little symbol at the end.
You know what the symbol was?
1216.
1216.
At 560 W.K.M.
Here comes Muffigan.
He loves when these numbers come out.
Here's the breakdown.
You want to hear these?
You know the sparks.
Sports.
I mean.
The bus basically vanished from the dial.
50,000 watts in the middle of the dial and they vanished.
They disappeared.
Jim Sarni will write about that.
The grotesque piece of turd over the sun.
He'll write whatever it tells him.
He'll write what Jackie and the great tell him.
Fort two.
So the billboard is still up, right?
The billboard is still up, Donna.
How do you like that?
Greg grew up here on Bebe's over the weekend.
That's what Muff said.
And believe me, he's checked.
Let's see.
Sixth to midnight.
Man, 18 plus.
Oh, four two to a three nine.
That's the station.
I don't play Muff.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Muff.
Muff.
Muff.
Muff.
Muff.
I'm going back to October and the morning, men.
Is this for me by the way?
Can I keep these?
Thank you so much.
That Muff is the best.
He's doing it.
In spite of all of his faults.
Let's see.
October, Mow had a three three.
Then November 4.
9.
December 4.
3.
January 5.
We said the moment has finally arrived.
8.
February 9.
Three point one.
No one of the station went in the turlap.
October we had a 6.8 here in midday, November 7th 7th, December a very aberrant 4.9.
We got punished in December because I'm a prick.
January 5.1 back up a little bit and then February 7th 4.
Oh!
To that?
So we're proceeding into the third and final month of the winter book with a pretty decent
number there if you ask me.
I could be wrong but it looks pretty decent.
And then in the afternoon in the Humper, October 3.4 and November 6.2.
November was big for us, a lot of wire diaries.
I mean December 4.2, January 4.6 for the Humper, then a 4.1.
He used to do a lot better to the six, you know what?
In fact the whole station.
But then again we got the problem where do we put the mad dog?
I think in the morning would be good.
Don't you?
Yeah?
Joe and the mad dog.
Joe Rose's in managed.
Gildy in there do the updates and squeal a little bit.
Make a few.
Sounds like that.
Huh?
Now we miss Gildy when he gets the ESPN job.
So there are the month by month keep, make sure we keep these.
Do something frame them.
Stick on the top of the monitor.
Stick them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm just confused.
I'm dizzy from all of this stuff.
I mean the first day out of the box coming back in the town.
And we're getting a brand new computer thanks to me.
Thanks all the big bucks I'm making.
I'm buying it.
Oh!
You know this studio is basically like a shrine to this show really.
Because it's all, they've done nothing for us in here.
They put the same crappy board that we had down on the second floor five years ago.
Oh you're going to get a great new board.
If the audience could see you know what I want you to do.
And put it on our website.
Take a photo with your digital camera of the other studio.
Or you're going to have it.
Not seriously.
Take a photo of the sports studio with a 75 microphones around and all the fancy,
fancy equipment.
And then take a photo of in here.
And put the two side by each on our website.
So the audience can see where we rate in this joint.
Okay.
How much and you should have taken it when poor muff used to sit in at the high chair that
clearance to sit in right now.
With a particle board desk at his that I had to embarrass them into buying from.
He used to sit in a high chair that three year old sitting when we first came up here on the third floor.
Remember?
I'm not exaggerating.
It looked like a little baby's high chair.
Like a card table.
Yeah.
Like we're going to play poker over there.
God almighty.
And you know what George says?
If you like her, poker.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't forget George will be trying to get laid this afternoon between two and four.
The lifestyle's convention.
Maybe some real beauties will show up like we had on that website today.
The hot couples.
Some real lovelies.
So those were make believe teeth on that partly.
Thank God.
I don't want to say anything.
I was afraid to say too much about the pictures.
Here is North Miami being in North Palm Beach.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy 12th of noon to one hour.
Happy 12th, 20 to one o'clock time.
Whatever it is.
Yeah, just a few things.
Two things.
Have nothing to do with each other.
Regarding the Marlins.
I'm a great Marlins fan.
And my father was a great baseball fan.
And my uncle and his father, whatever.
I grew up with baseball.
So I'm not deserting the Marlins until they just leave town.
So I'm going.
And they're having hot dogs, free hot dogs.
And they're having something I will.
There will be a lot of free wings there.
I know.
Free wings.
There is going to be a pre-game show.
But I don't know what's going to be included.
But probably different from any other pre-game show.
Because it's opening day.
And then of course the fireworks are the post-game show.
And I don't know how many they're expecting.
How many they're expecting for what?
For the game.
I don't know how many they are.
For opening day.
For opening day.
For opening day.
Or for opening day.
Or for opening day.
I don't know how many day forecast that I really don't.
Yeah.
We'll find the tickets.
We're going there.
We're going to get there at two.
Which is something unusual.
Because we usually get to, if we do go to a regular season game,
we walk in in the first or second inning.
Right.
Well, opening day is always gigantic.
And then of course they put a bunch of ringers in there to make sure it's a sellout.
You know that's true.
Yeah, I know.
Anyway, the second thing was, and it's probably not much interest to the coming year or some of your listeners.
Well, let me tell you what it is.
Let me tell you what it is.
Let me tell you what it is.
Let me tell you what it is.
Listen to those ratings aren't that much interest either,
but it's important to the people in the business.
You know, they're having a lot of you work.
This is more important to you and me.
My grandmother, and then my mother used to use Yiddish,
so I couldn't understand why I was so happy.
And I remember a few years ago you were going to take, or you were taking,
some Yiddish classes at a junior college.
No, I was taking a Italian class.
It's not Yiddish classes.
Well, I'm sorry.
I have a Italian class.
I really do.
What's your idea?
It was Italian.
Yeah.
It was Jewish Italian.
It was like ravioli's that are really a creplop.
Oh, okay.
Well, speaking of creplop.
Come on right in, Doug.
Don't give me that anticipatory look.
Go ahead, sir.
Doug is just a full of stuff.
But, yeah, you know, uh...
Isn't one of the junior colleges, or maybe it's a Boca community,
or Boca board at FAU, or one of those schools?
Don't they have a Yiddish course?
You're asking me?
Well, I don't know.
I thought maybe you knew what you wanted to know.
Well, why?
You don't want to know all things Yiddish?
If you just listen to the show, you learn all the Yiddish you need.
Okay, sir.
And have a great day.
Councilor Hoyst.
And I see George said that, okay, because that's one of his ten words.
Uh...
I know more than that.
Look at this.
Persons 25 to 54, George.
Maybe see, we need a big march, all you people out there.
Today is March 27th.
We need a gigantic march.
We need to make sure, even though we only have four days left in March,
everybody in their brother listens to the Neil Rogers show,
religiously, morning, noon, and night,
even though we're not on morning and night.
That's right.
We even try to goose moat up there a little bit,
but we make some bonus money.
Let's get QA back on a map, especially now that Fox Sports is falling off the face of the year,
like they don't even exist.
Especially since we got the facilities of, like, uh... look at that.
Has five to ten percent, so they're sure.
Yeah.
CNBC, the gambling channel.
That was down 76, and Azdax down another 12.
Nothing too monumental, but that, uh...
the arrow is a point in the right direction for all the investors out there.
And I'm not hoping people lose any more money,
even though I'm not in it anymore.
I don't want to see any more people losing their life savings.
We're getting suckered in, snookered into that crap.
Anyway, did I mention these numbers? No.
Not yet.
10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Persons 25 to 54.
October 4.5.
November 5.0.
December 2.8.
See, now, that would... I mean, December, we just got nailed to the wall.
We got crucified.
I don't think in the history of meat, uh...
Do you see the purple hollum in my hand?
That's not an email. That's from those, uh... nails.
We got nailed to these silver.
January back up to a 3.3.
In February, a 6.8.
The biggest month, maybe, in, uh... I mean, that...
And of course, when you know how many men, uh... as opposed to women,
that means we got about a 13 share in men.
About third.
25 to 54.
Is that incredible or what?
So last month, it was the molemeister who actually salvaged the individual month.
This month, of course, it's old...
Yeah, good.
...and fails us out while the rest of the station is sucking wind.
Mad Dog included a course 10 to 3.
Neal and the Mad Dog.
In fact, why don't we call him a day, Neal and the Mad Dog, huh?
On the billboards?
Even though he doesn't recognize the fact that I'm alive.
And he's not here any way.
He's not here.
You know how many weeks...
Days he takes off every month?
About third, man!
We don't leave too much, especially in February.
Right?
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
No, seriously.
April?
Well, he's a busy man.
He's a busy guy.
He's busy doing stuff.
And people.
And what if we can do it?
More power to him.
I love the Mad Dog.
Uh...
He's our partner in crime in the midday here on QYM.
Okay, well, here's a guy that sent a letter to Bill Clinton and the Yaudia.
Okay, thank you.
I mean, it's not that I don't want to take that seriously,
but I just don't have all the time to read all of these great facts that people are sending me.
We're all whipped up into a frenzy.
I appreciate the fact that they're whipped up.
They're whipping it.
Here's a fact.
The listeners can watch the video feed of the CBC at this link.
CBC.ca slash newscast.html.
You know something you ought to put a link on at the Carlos?
People want to see the real news the way it's supposed to be delivered?
Huh?
Save that fact.
Just a sh-tick it on.
Okay, so that's what's the feed for two days after you mentioned it.
I'm impressed at how balanced the coverage is.
They are very professional and makes me realize that we've lost it here in the USA when it comes to journalism.
Other no journalism going on here in this war coverage out in this country.
I was already thinking about checking out Canada move there.
Now I know why you live there most of the year.
Hope to see in Toronto one day.
A. Keep up the good work.
80,000 people on the streets of Toronto up and down across the US consulate and then on the young street,
all up and down downtown on Saturday.
80,000 protesting the war.
Here they were all the getchies over there at the beach fest in Fort Lauderdale, finding Jesus.
I sure hope they took Jesus to subway for a sandwich.
26 past, huh?
His name is Jerry.
Who's Jerry?
Not Jesus.
The guy that goes to subway.
Bad joke.
Why?
What do you- like you understand what that means?
What does it mean?
I know I'm a little slow, but what is there any-
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
Devicated consumer counseling will help you, and it'll cost you nothing.
That's right.
It'll cost you Zippo Zero, not a penny.
Devicated is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you will money to, and they'll cut your payments in half.
Call 1-800-4-0-DET.
That's 1-800-4-0-Liter's-N-O-D-E-B-T, and Devicated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit.
It'll cost you nothing.
The bank pays dedicated you pay, absolutely, the big zero.
So if you're trying to battle in credit card debt, call Devicated today 1-800-4-0-DET.
Call and find out how Devicated can help you.
You got nothing loose.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates, and late fees, here's the thing to do.
Call Devicated consumer counseling, and they be handled for you from there.
Call right now 1-800-4-0-DET.
Don't forget it.
It cost you absolutely, positively, nothing.
I am law.
This is sports radio five city.
You way, yeah.
Was that the rejoin?
Well, thank you.
I'm dying out of here.
Who compacted a superfluous kind of linguists of the Mohameda Davidich Open?
Where we got the three qualas on power rotation for your perusials.
They know.
What?
This better not be about Hoki.
We got special guests today.
No one's allowed in here unless they bring food for their king.
It's too late.
That already booked them.
How are you?
Who the hell at ease, my Zermost?
That's the rich in science.
You know, drive home with us today.
Sorry.
Never heard of you bummed.
Well, I wonder why.
But what do you do?
You got an act, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Exactly.
Like what?
We spin the wheel.
Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it.
We slam it.
You name it.
What's funny about that?
Well, you got a point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question?
You ready to put your hand in toilet bowl?
Dad!
Dad!
You think that's funny, huh?
Well, I got news for you, pal.
You both stink.
I'm the precipice of getting fired at them right now.
What a bummer.
Get out of my place of business.
No.
All right, all right, something.
I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got.
Hope this isn't really funny, because I got a really full bladder.
All right, these were things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings that I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that?
Yeah.
Here we go.
The bigger they are, the harder they get to do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What do you do?
Did I give clearance clearance to give you clearance to laugh?
How dare you laugh at me!
I suppose you want to rape me now, huh?
Yeah.
Start looking.
That would be wild, yeah.
All right, all right.
I don't even care anymore.
Yeah.
I'll be holding my green penis.
Okay.
What are you looking at?
Pregal face spammy.
And you guys got a condo.
That's condom, though.
What of?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, I don't suds does.
Fine.
And that might as well one is.
I didn't do this today.
Okay.
Now you have to say, spin your meat, Rickincet.
Spin your meat, Rickinc.
Let's do it.
Oh, got it.
Oh, what's the matter?
I was shooting first.
Oh, see, I told you it's not my day.
I'm so embarrassed.
I'm sorry.
I'm just funny.
Okay.
It's not right in Barristan.
Oh, what a poison.
Oh, okay.
Oh, clean it.
26 to 1 at 560 WDQ AM.
And here's a good, the fact from our buddy Phil, one of our fills out there.
It says, Colin Powell was quoted as saying,
Al Jazeera has an editorial line in a way of presenting news that appeals to the era of public.
They watch it and they magnify the minor successes of the regime and they portray our efforts in a negative light.
Phil goes on to say, is this guy as dumb as he sounds?
That sounds like it.
That's like saying, Sherwin Tate's mother was presenting Charles Manson's efforts in a negative light.
Nice going Phil.
Excellent analogy there.
Very good.
5670560, pound 568, AT&T and Verizon Line.
There's one of my favorite people with two first names, Fred Francis.
They put out a million barrels a day.
Yeah.
Yeah, in this computer, we're getting rid of this thing just in time.
You know what?
It's out of virtual memory.
And this thing keeps going, I can't get rid of that thing on here.
I don't want to look at that.
Getting a new computer, is it going to be here tomorrow?
We hope.
We can't hope. We have to do it.
I can't do a show here without a real computer.
For the audience, we apologize.
It's OK, but it's QAM.
We have to get our own crap.
You should have alerted me because I would have had it here today.
I bitched about it for a long time.
Nobody should have told me because you know what a big vendor I am.
Right.
I can afford a few bucks.
And since we've either bought or begged or borrowed or stolen from everybody else for the refrigerator,
for the microwave, the TV, the satellite dish, the VCR, almost everything.
This old computer we got here.
The espresso machine.
On the heard of in the history of broadcasting, ladies and gentlemen,
you think that cheap channel is cheap.
They ain't got nothing on the beesleaves.
No wonder that popper both told me that they used to live in a tree.
You've heard of a tree house.
You've heard of people who live under the overpass like a little beaner boy here.
But these people used to live in a tree and used to play a banjo for change.
They used to have like a little tin cup.
Yeah.
Well strum for change.
Kind of like what Monica used to say, well, hum for change.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hello.
You do the numbers, by the way.
Good.
Kill some good time, man.
Yeah.
Do I want to actually hear about Fox Sports 3-APM in the afternoon and George Noria crappy so?
Yeah.
The numbers on that.
Oh, well, we don't have the hour by hour, but Fox and the afternoon was like fill off the face of the earth.
You want to give me the three to seven o'clock number in men?
They went from 1.9 to 8.
0.9.
Oh, yeah.
What was the second one?
George Noria.
What time is he on?
The old archel.
Oh, the old archel.
So all we can tell is how fill and George Noria are doing it.
They went from a 3.5 to a 3.9.
City went up a little bit, but, you know, okay.
And they're out of this world is what I hear.
Thank you.
Love you.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, a little of...
Beater Boy, he listens to George Noria, which I'd be embarrassed to admit that.
I'm not sure if I'd be embarrassed to admit anybody.
I listen to that outer space, bizarre psychopathic...
How many people listen to that?
About 30, man.
23 till 1.
We got Joe Rose, the little dog for the big dog.
I'm going to mad.
How was those dogs?
And look at Bokobrine came in here today, even though he's not getting the check.
Because I got your disc yesterday before I left.
That's what made me sick.
Now, I got to this, and it's good.
I'm looking at FedEx showed up.
Because since a car throp boy screwed up my...
I thought they were going to come and take me away.
Trying to smuggle and plan things there through the goddamn mail.
They don't take you away.
They take the sender away.
Exactly.
I said, return to center and then take his ass away.
What brings you in today?
You must have a new disc.
No.
I just wanted to see you.
Kiss you, touch you.
I don't want to touch you.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to touch you.
Especially after you left me hanging in there.
What was he thinking about last week?
Where to flush.
And don't be giving me this.
I was on vacation.
But when I'm on vacation, that means I come back on Monday.
And I should have the goods in my hand, you know?
Nobody wants to come back without the good way of empty handed.
Like Michael and a Godfather.
Nobody wants to come out of the tea room.
I would have nothing in their hand, but they're shlong.
Dixie.
But they're Dixie shlong and Dixie cup.
And Dixie chicks.
Maybe that's who Carlos was doing the Dixie chicks.
You think so?
He won't do it anybody.
Not even himself.
He can't find it.
He can't find it.
In fact, if Donutialela wants to be a lot happier with us here at QA,
we're going to put the next billboard up.
We're going to put Claret's Dero's picture up there.
We'll put Josh Dero up there on the billboard.
Big picture saying no balls.
And we'll have Greg Read on the other side.
Although we've got to give Craig credit he didn't cave in this time, huh?
Unlike Condoleezza.
Unlike that ugly disgusting crowd.
That was Corporate's fault.
I see.
Well, that's always Corporate's fault.
It's not Greg.
He's got a pair.
That's the rumor.
21-1.
F-560-WQ-M.
What's trending it with Decent Thursday?
Because the numbers we have at least a bit February,
we have to go through this every goddamn month.
Now you understand why we're also screwed up in this business every month.
By the way, speaking of persons 25-54,
how did the morning look there?
Not for us, we already know about.
I don't see it.
I'm talking about life for Ryan and Paul.
Howard Spurman at a 6.9.
He said 69, 69, 69, 69, 3 months in a row.
He stuck out in 69, 6.9.
Good for number two now behind Hot.
What is with the hot?
Oh, it's the flyjock.
Is that what it is?
Who was so back on a guiding light?
He was terrible on guiding light.
Awful.
Alan Spalney, by the way, is what's his guess of his father?
And where's the running pole?
Oh, I think we already saw this.
347-4038.
Down and down and down.
And we go where we stocked.
Nobody knows.
What's that song?
Round and round and go.
Perry Colmo?
No.
No, not don't play round and round.
That old thing called it called love.
What was that?
See, Book of Brown would know when he goes walking out.
That little thing he had to pee.
Ball to the geek.
20-1 at 560.
WQA.
I'll tell you about something good for it that I've been taken.
And look what great shape I'm in.
Oleomed.
What are you laughing about?
It's good for your blood pressure.
My blood pressure is outstanding, by the way.
The rest of me.
Not too good.
Anyway, Oleomed really works for you.
Oleomed, Soft Yelts contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
The best of money can buy.
Not just plain ordinary pedestrian olive oil.
But great stuff that is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you.
Oleomed every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different Oleomed formulas to choose from.
He knows the song.
Oh, a black magic.
Right?
That old black magic.
Keeley Smith and Louis Prima.
That's the one I'm thinking of.
Thank you, Duff.
See, he's old too.
And there are now 14 different Oleomed formulas to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbals, or some
say herbals.
I don't know why.
It supports specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And now they've got three new Oleomed formulas.
Want to help you sleep?
Want to help you control your weight?
And self-cutane for your heart.
You'll find Oleomed at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Neuvarus and
Sedanos.
Or you can order it online at olio-medamerica.com.
For info, column tool free, 1-866-Oliomed.
That's 1-866-6536633.
Get your olio-meda today, start feeling a hell of a lot better.
And let's see, this thing, until 328.
Is the tennis termical one on you?
I guess so, because it says till 328, which is tomorrow.
If you're planning on attending the NASDAQ tennis tournaments this week, be sure and stop
by the olio-meda.
Both, they'll be given away free samples of their product and raffling away gift baskets
packed with olio-meda products so you can start popping it in your post-reel soon.
Buy and local, we're sports radio 560-2-A-L.
Beat that gator meat!
Go through!
Fat-ramby, walleye inside an oral set to go.
A little better set than a high school talent show.
Yes.
In some things of talent, let's say just because it's fun.
Let's just hope one of those losers doesn't kind of gunk.
American idols back again, a set to find a star.
Dump all men is gone, he's in the trunk of someone's car.
I'm hoping for controversy before it's all done.
Other than that one-way song, where's Kelly Clarkson?
Here sings and tattoos and show the girls in belly shirts.
Smoke in marijuana and then slug in on their shirt.
Each one of them dreaming that they might just be a star.
When you could fit their talent in a little Mason-char.
American idols back again and set to find a star.
Dump all men is gone, he's in the trunk of someone's car.
I'm hoping for controversy before it's all done.
Other than that one-way song, where's Kelly Clarkson?
Okay, 1246.
Now what is this thing?
This is a lady.
What's her name?
Her name is Katie.
80.
Eddie.
Kate Eddie.
Kate Eddie from the BBC and she's pissed.
What you found political life got to you.
Oh, it's the wrong point.
Okay, yeah.
Well, she sounded pretty good, she sounded British to me.
Either that or maybe Prince Charles.
Now, Katie, you join us from the BBC in London.
Thank you very much for going to all this trouble.
There's somebody wanting to come and join us.
First, you're watching with a mixture of emotions this war beginning to happen
because you're not going to be covering it.
Oh, I will be.
And what actually appalls me is the difference between 12 years ago and now.
I've seen the complete erosion of any kind of acknowledgement that reporters should be able to report as they witness.
The Americans, I've been talking to the Pentagon, take the attitude which is entirely hostile to the free spread of information.
I was told by a senior officer in the Pentagon that if uplinks, that is the television signals out of Baghdad from the BBC,
for example, were detected by any planes, electric media, mediums of a military, about Baghdad, they'd be fired down on.
Even if they were journalists who cares, they would be dragged out.
Sorry, Katie, just to just on the line, that's already interrupted you.
Just to explain for our listeners, uplinks is where you would have your own satellite telephone method of distributing information.
The telephone, the telephone and the television signals.
And they'd be fired on.
Yes, they would be targeted down, said this over.
Oh, shamelessly, he said, well, he said very, they know this, they've been warned.
This is threatening freedom of information before you even get to a war.
The second thing is that there was a massive news blackout imposed in the last Gulf War, where I was one of the poor correspondents with the British Army.
We effectively had very, very light touch when it came to any kind of censorship.
We were told that anything which was going to endanger troops' lives, which we understood we should broadcast.
Other than that, we were relatively free.
Unlike our American colleagues, we immediately left that pool after about 48 hours having just had enough of it.
And this time, the Americans are asking journalists who go with them whether they have feelings against the war.
And therefore, if your views are that you are skeptical, then you're not particularly acceptable.
Secondly, they're intending to take control of the American's technical equipment, those uplinks and satellite phones.
So I was talking about control access to the airways.
And then on top of everything else, there is now the blackout which was imposed during the last war at the beginning of the war, was all but ordered by one Mr. Dick Cheney, who is in charge of this.
I am enormously pessimistic of the chance of decent on-the-spot reporting as the war occurs. We will get it later.
Kate Addy from the BBC, that's not a bit that's for real. And she has pissed off and fired up.
Just a little something to pass along. I'll tell you another. Should we do some of these ladies? Here's a lady in the plantation. Hello.
Wow, hi.
How are you?
I've been on hold for 30 minutes.
Sorry.
You know me once I get going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
If you want this, don't love the lips drumming stupidly, don't love the whole mind this drunk and rich kid, don't love the easy thing, lumber than me, he's president of the fucker, he has no care what it's all, you got him in by hooker and fraud, he's rich, right?
I know what that you and I have a hell no fear, we've got a great leader here, with president, some fucking,
what is it?
Oh, that couldn't happen again in a million years, I did it again only nobody will ever know what it was, that's okay, you don't need to know, it was incredible.
Anyway, Joe Rose was just in, he'll be on next for the mad dog and he said, the Donna Shalala, grow up here, we're just, we don't, I hear she's got a big pair is the rumor I'm hearing.
Anyway, how's that pull coming, 516 votes, which of these do you think is doing the best covering the war, MSNBC 102, don't know, not watching any of it 90, CNN 79, BBC 79, how do you like that, the internet 74, NBC 24, CBC 23, NPR 22, ABC 14 and CBS suck and win way in last place with 9.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah
So maybe somebody might show up, wait, he might get lucky
Well, that's why Volka Brian's here today. He's gonna go over there and try to get laid too
Two to four this afternoon, George and Volka Brian at the Dobie Hotel Miami Beach for the Lifestyles Convention
Stop by for all the festivities. He's a couple's only event. There were single perverts
Only couple perverts
Then five to seven stop by Bass Pro Outlet off nine and eighty five Griffin Rhodes
Spend the deal for QM prizes, heat and cane tickets to the bunch of other cheap crap
Joe Rose for the Mad Dog next
Bye, bye, bye
