I guess the beliefs open tonight. Let's ask Neil. I did a lead. No, they never open. They're not playing this year
They're laying out laying out after all their playoff
That a Montreal canadian's will be here at the ACC a they are playing. What did they open on the road?
Let me sit again. They'll be here at the ACC
So yeah, I guess the Leafs will be opening on the road since a Canadian's will be here in Toronto
So who do they actually play their first game against?
You notice how he's lost it and by the good news though, you'll be very pleased to hear what I'm starting a recall campaign since Arnold inspired me with a big recall in California
Yeah, recall Mo Re-Calling Mo Howard. I love it. Yeah, I told George to make up a hundred little slips of paper and pass them out around a building
And then at the end of the show will count them all up and see if there are any no votes
I don't think so. I think it'll be unanimous. Can I vote twice? I'm gonna vote a hundred times
What a miserable son of a bitch. By the way, I don't want to say I told you so because I told you so what a front-running fool
He sports time it was and you finally admitted I was right all of these things. What did I tell you about him?
You're good-closed golfing buddy your buddy from New York. I told you it wouldn't be long
He'd stab your ass in the back and when you're on the frying pan now
He's putting God damn butter into the olive oil in it. Yeah, he loves talking bad about me on the air
But it's too easy for me to talk bad about him too easy
It's hard for him to rap what a turga
He's talking he's talking about the wrong tree because everybody loves the show
And you can talk mad about me all day and people just think he's a dick
But as goes to show you I can't say anything
I'm that person you're the only one made an effort made an attempt after he showed his true colors to like be a little bit
Support of it is son of a bitch and he turns around and stabs you right in the back right sticks his foot right up
Your crack that's right
Well, that's why you can't say crack. I can't say
I'm hoping but you can't say it. No, but it's my show now you can say whatever you want
I'm scared to death to even say it on your show because it's your station. I just I saw I mail it in he's talking to the National Guard in New Hampshire
And he said duty so if the president can say duty, I think you can say it. I just am so scared doing
I'm just saying a great read just say do your duty. That's all listen. I got a better idea. Say how do you do?
I'm scared to death of Greg read. Are you really? Yeah, I don't believe that I'm scared to death of Greg read
Yeah, a shadow of a human. I used to like it. Let's do a package deal. Let's recall Mo and Greg. That sounds good to me
I used to like him until I found out how soft he was. Oh, you just inspired me
I've got to put Greg read on it list for the first poll George. We got to put Greg read on there
You want to know what my first the poll is today? Yeah, who's the real Schmidt head at Q.A.M. Oh
Well, I I don't know probably me because I'm a smart ass, right?
Well, I don't think you're on there, but you won't get too many votes. We owe who it is. Don't we owe absolutely? Yeah, I know the beast
I love the guy. Hey, it's got to get get got to play like he's got all kinds of great mo let's just fire off a few of them
What's this crap? This baloney about oh well, and he owes my main man and our buddies, you know something mo
You can stuff that damn weasel right up your old craggie ass if you have room in between the dingal berries
I mean and just blow it up. He shows up some days and the things like crooked. Yeah, it's not a very original
He's either or what a piece of crap. What a piece of duty man. We hate you mo like poison given away presence to the story
Yeah, he's giving away stuff lit again. I mean now he's he's sleeping with the enemy and I do probably mean he loves it
Man, he loves he gets off on that mm-hmm. He should watch his back in that booth man. You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna put I'm gonna
Psychic powers are very strong the whole audience knows that I'm gonna start every day putting a hex
I'm gonna get a mo how we David at voodoo doll and we just start sticking pins in it
I'm gonna there's some horrible you think that poor but a tiger had a problem you just wait
I'm gonna conjure up some evil spell and
His demise is gonna be one of the ugliest nastiest things that's ever happened in history of mankind. I think that
That sounds wonderful. Yeah, and you know
I think I think great grief
I think great shit invite the guy that's trying to bring the station down to a sneeze
And invite him to do the play by play with Howard on Sunday at the jacks game
Because you know we give him tickets by the wall guy that did the nationwide search and brought in the lowly mo
Howard David it was been canned out every place he's ever been in the in the universe because everybody hates him like poison
He's like along with he's a leader of man
You can tell so he knows how to find talent. That's easy for Greg. Yeah, he's a leader
Let me say it again anybody who will hold anybody would Greg read how they
Sexual harassing
He would be like Arnold Schwarzenegger having a seminar about anti-Semitism. He said to me one day
He said because I meet with him every day. He said to me
You know you guys make fun of me and I can take it you can dish out all you can dish out because I can take it and I know
He can't take me he can't take me if I did this for five days
Yeah, he would he'd start wearing a dress good. We'll start doing it. That's all I have to say have a nice day
You know what I hope they have ant problems in here. They should check out the astus. They got phone on my head
I'm gonna sue them all right
He's guilty
I'm gonna have to draw my way, because they won't get away anything.
Hey, oh seven, man, am I foaming it to mouth today?
Err, what?
I'm just pissed off and fired up.
I already had the Vatican story, but I just,
thanks for faxing it whoever said it, and I got it.
I'll just read the first paragraph now and say the rest for later.
Catholic Church is telling people in countries
stricken by AIDS not to use condoms because they have tiny holes
in them through which the HIV virus can pass,
potentially exposing thousands of people to risk.
How do you like that, huh?
What a piece of it.
That would be a good poll question.
Who should croak first?
The Pope or Moe Howard David?
Although, what is no no contest?
No.
No contest because the Pope, he's just a pawn of a corrupt organization.
But Moe, he's evil.
He is the epitome of evil.
He's evil incarnate.
Now what the hell is Ocean Reef?
Hello?
Hey, yes sir?
How did how did how we don't backstab well for?
I beg your pardon?
How did he do it?
He opened up his mouth and said the usual crap that he says,
that's the answer, schmuck.
How did I, how did, how did, how did, that?
That's probably how it's boyfriend on there.
Sounds a little tongue tied.
Maybe he's just like tied up in a corner,
waiting for Moe to get home.
Oh, he's already home.
He's up there and vocalist in right now.
Hey, listen, I need to test you.
You gris little fart, you coot, you piece of crap, man.
And I've been telling the audience this that it's not stick
that it's the truth and he comes on it.
Oh no, he's my man, man, my best friend.
You should only die a wicked death with your lemon green pants on.
Okay, and I hope your muskrat leaves home.
That's right.
What we're going to do, just like when Mussolini,
when they finally caught up to his ass,
we're going to hang him right outside in front of the building
from the flagpole, upside down with his muskrat hanging loose.
And his bag, his bag in one hand and his muskrat in the other one.
And let people throw rotten tomatoes and eggs at his grizzle-old ass.
You coot, you backstabbing fool.
I told you it was just a matter of time.
Didn't I tell for all I?
I know people have to learn their own lessons.
But I told him that months and months ago,
I said, hey, you just wait.
You think he's your buddy and you were friends in New York Hill stabbing a back.
When you're down, when you need your friend,
when everybody else comes to your aid,
because everybody on this radio station with a brain,
everybody with a, and I don't know how you could dislike for all personally,
because he's a, he's a panic.
He's a hoody. He's a fun guy.
But even if he didn't like him, the fact of the matter is,
he's the savior of this radio station when he came along.
He came at a time when Moe was killing us.
When we were taking a pummeling and along came Farao.
And he was like the great white hope, man.
The great Lilly wife, psychotic hope.
And now that the, the local community,
a decency of standard bearer has decided to make him his next target.
Wacky Jackie has decided to make for all his next target.
Who is the one person on a radio station
that not only doesn't come to his defense, but also piles on?
Well, that the shock talk is all gover.
And he's finished in this market and blah, blah, blah.
And just, you know, ripping him in the ass, showing his true colors, black and blue.
And brown, believe you me, he's got the biggest ugly brown eye ever seen.
I, in fact, from toe to toe, to the, a weasel.
It says one gigantic big brown eye.
That's Moe.
Man, oh, man.
Does he make me sick to my stomach or what?
And of course, we could take the survey, but what's the point?
Because we know everybody in the building is unanimous, including George and the beast
and everybody else he's tried to get canned out of there.
Carolyn, you name it.
Nobody was good enough for him and at show.
And probably the only reason he's hanging on the guilty on there is because there's nobody
else in the building stupid or desperate enough to be on that show with them.
Because they know it's just a matter of time.
You catch my trip.
Do I sound a little bit worked up today?
Good.
Excellent.
Like I said, good.
Because I'm doing my duty.
You know what I mean, Moe?
I'm doing my duty, like the president said, my best.
Anyway, before we give, I got the results, Eric from yesterday's pool.
I made a copy already.
So you can go ahead and put the first one on there.
Because I think it's time to find the chigger in the wood pile is what it is.
And I'd like to have an opportunity to cast my vote many, many, many times on this pool.
This is our preliminary pool.
Later on, we got another one like usual.
I always say I'm a two-pool man myself.
Who's the real Schmidt-headed WQA?
And that's our question today.
That's poll number one.
Who's the real Schmidt-head at WQAM?
Too bad we don't have Todd Schmidt working on the stage.
Now you could be a Schmidt head.
And like I said, it's good thing we don't have him.
Here's the list.
Moe Howard, David Ed.
Greg Reed, you'll have to write that in there because I forgot about him.
I got to tell us, till for all the money he wears addressed.
Scott Farrell.
Steve Gellie Goldstein.
Neo Rogers, George Rodriguez, demanded,
Tangleberg at Kaplan, Joseph Gaki, the big...
Oh!
And don't know I only listen to the illosy choices as we have our search
for the real Schmidt-headed WQM, the Chigger in the Wood Pile.
The problem, child.
That's what we're looking for.
Is there any doubt?
Is there?
Well, that's what we're taking to pool.
See, I could have said no, but otherwise then I would like to, you know,
de-legitimize our pool.
I am.
I will make a, I will build myself a little.
I'll get the materials today.
Some paper mache and some pins.
Yeah.
And like a little tiny miniature weasel-low wig.
Voodoo doll.
I'm going to make my Mohawar David at Voodoo doll.
I'm going to start sticking it.
Starting in the...
Correct.
Right.
I'm putting an evil hex.
You'll see.
And of course, every time he is like wild bloody diarrhea or he trips and falls
into his piece, comes flying up.
He'll be thinking about me.
That, and you know what?
You'll be right because I'm going to put a hex on you.
Nothing you can do about it.
There are no laws against putting an evil hex.
An evil curse or spell on somebody else.
And I'm putting a spell.
Who was that was that?
J. Hawkins?
Screaming J. Hawkins.
I put a spell on you.
Sure.
I think so.
Wow.
I wish I had that record.
Maybe Voka Brian was where to give it.
I got the internet.
Something like that.
Oh.
Would that be great?
I'm putting an evil spell on Mohawar.
And wait until it starts crawling up.
Your ugly old grizzled ass.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Are you going to feel the effects of that?
Although you know what they say.
Where there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
1013 at 560 WQM attention audio mortgage shoppers out there.
The following message could save you a lot of cash.
Tens of thousands of dollars.
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically.
But there's still an interest rate available.
It's just 1.95 percent from our friends.
It's a financial group.
No less.
So call and find out about it.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
The economy is changing.
So if you're even thinking about refinancing your home or if you want to move up to a really
better real estate investment, you ought to check this out.
Because with 1.95 percent, you get low, low affordable monthly payments like.
When you have $100,000 a loan, you pay only $368 a month.
A $200,000 on your payments are only $736 a month.
You can't be there with a stick.
So call financial group right now.
Hurry because interest rates are climbing.
You can still get that amazing unbelievable low 1.95 percent interest rate.
Call financial group today at 1-800-940-LAND.
And get all the info you be looking for.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
The Renekville Housing Lender.
Credit restrictions apply rates.
Some did change monthly 5.19 APR.
9-9 and low.
This is 4.30 by 60.
You weigh 2A.
All the credit can unread.
That's a new one.
I am Mo'HOW with the data.
The credit and the mentioned.
All of my old days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
I show Mo'Y day and me.
All of my days are blue and red is purple.
You had my title, now we have straight.
Hell no.
Who do you do?
Don't take no for an answer.
But it's not you.
I'm not that.
I'm not that.
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Hey Mo'Y, say say an Ethiopia, die, Dienu.
1018 and 560 WQM.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Hi Frank.
You know, I'm black and I love what you say, Schwartz or Heroku.
Yeah.
It doesn't offend me.
I think it's funny because I grew up in New York, right?
Well, there we go.
Everybody in New York is Jewish even if they're right.
We had a black neighborhood where I drew neighborhood.
We had a reconzer Jewish in New York.
And we had Germans there and I grew up with the kid, a German kid,
his mother called me Schwartz.
And his mother was actually a group of not-to-you
back in Germany.
And so I mean, you know, you're Arnold's daddy.
So those words never bothered me.
I think it's really funny.
You know, a lot of people take it like it's supposed to be
something really big.
Hey, the finally going to fact you the thing about the Pope
that I've been facting for three days when I called in.
What thing is that?
Oh, yeah, you keep threatening the facts, but you never do.
No, no.
I did fact it.
I know that's the truth.
Oh.
But you got to get it up there where you are.
I'm getting it up here as a matter of fact a lot.
And the other one about Kathy O'Brien, a lady who was in the
micro-trol program, was something CIA and she screwed Cheney
and much of others.
So I said you just three little tidbit pages of that.
OK, well, I'll check out for your tidbits.
OK, man.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
OK, there's much for it's your friend.
What was he talking about?
OK, here's the preliminary result.
The poll is up now.
Who's the real Schmidthead of QAM?
And I'm looking at these preliminary results.
And I think it's OK.
I think we've been given a green light to go ahead with the
recall campaign on Mo and get his surly obnoxious ass off the
air out of the building so that we can all like breathe the fresh
air.
We can like have oxygen.
We can live.
We can actually smile again.
48 votes.
Who's the real Schmidthead of QAM?
Mo, how are David at 19?
Is there any doubt?
Absolutely.
Not.
I don't know.
I only listen to Neil 12.
Greg Read for George's got three.
They think you're a little Schmidthead.
Geldy's got two.
I got two.
Hank Olberg's got up here.
By the way, Hank called in.
Thanks for the tip, Hank, but I hadn't even heard that story.
Somebody made up a bogus story about Wayne was in Chicago.
Wayne, Hippinger rooting for the Cubs coming to find out he
wasn't even in Chicago.
So as much as we despise and hate him like poison.
The fact that a matter is, you know, hate him for the real
reasons because he's a prick not because he was rooting for
the Cubs.
Anyway, Humper's got up here.
Only one vote for the man dog, one for Joseph Gacky, one for
the big one for Scott Farrell and I'm for Eddie K out of the
first 48 votes.
Who is the real Schmidthead of QAM?
Because there's no question about it, especially this week.
We're discovering no question.
There's a there's a chigger in a wood pile.
And we're going to get to the bottom up and we're going to
find out who's the mole who's in the hole who has a mole.
Who's got a jelly roll?
All these things.
That's why we take these pole.
Anyway, speaking of polls he's yesterday's, well, this will
take me too long to beat all of these.
And it's interesting.
Well, the reason that there's some of these that didn't get
any votes is because a lot of more on that long list from the
internet that the guy said, but I was good that he sent it.
872 vote.
What was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie?
American history acts the curb stomping murder, one 19.
You peek my curiosity.
So I'm going to go out and get it.
It was something.
See, I don't mind violence.
I just don't like too much duty.
You know, that's that the well, no duty spotting whatever that
thing was.
I'm just I'm sorry.
I'm not going to watch it.
Anyway, American history acts 119.
Chainsaw scene in Scarface 112.
And after that, those were the two contenders.
It was a good battle.
A good battle.
The alien eruption in a Leon 62, the baseball battered and buried
alive in Casino 61, the shower scene in psycho 48, which in
its time was very scary with Janet Lee.
See, I remember today, pink really and Janet Lee and Jackie Lee.
Saving pride Ryan, the Nazi night killing 38.
Fargo, the woodchipper 37 was the woodchipper.
Oh, yeah, and pepper about your chip or Jonesing to chip or right now.
Jaws, bitten in half, dude, bitten in half 30.
Hannibal disemboweled and hung 27, not necessarily in that order.
Melting Nazis and raiders of the lost dark.
Oh, tied with the rectum murder and irreversible rectum each had 24 fed
the death in 723 also 23 for the accidental face shots in
Pulp Fiction 23 Russian Roulette in the deer, 121 hell razor skin
ripped apart by fish hooks 20.
The Godfather, the tool both shooting Santina, they shot sunny on a
causeway made him a piece of Swiss cheese.
He had vain key 20 vote.
Father Karris dies in the necessity for you have like a little fall
down those stairs 17 after took it into them.
Of course for a priest to take it into my guessing all that unusual.
Speaking of priest, the impale priest in the Oman Ed 16,
the hit your Jennifer Jason Lee pulled apart 16.
You're right.
I do have to see that again because I forgot.
I he tried to rescue her, but to lay it.
Yeah.
I don't remember that because in your right, because they think that's
the two scenes that stick in my mind.
Most more than anything else was the finger finger the finger food
in a restaurant where he had the finger in a fries and then of
course at the end winner, they got the record.
How are I didn't see record hour last night?
You read on small bill.
Yeah.
Boy, oh boy, did Tom well and look good now or what?
And of course, poor Lana, she's saying, oh, you hurt me.
Clark, you hurt me.
Well, first of all, he six foot four.
He's got size 14 shoes.
Okay.
So it figures now that the two of them are getting pretty close.
I was going to say tight, but I guess they wouldn't have been
in the right word.
That maybe he did hurt her somewhere along the line anyway,
the scene in the hit your.
Where she taught us how spits in Rutger, how is face and
Rutger, how are like sits there and with his finger, he likes moves
it around on his cheek and on his chin.
The spittle, yeah, yeah.
And they're like looking at each other like, but anyway,
yeah, worried I leave off.
A drawn and corded and brave heart 14.
Oh, I hope that was Mel Gibson.
It was drawn and corded.
Yes.
Good.
Stamped stomped.
I said, it's a stand.
Stomp kick, last stabbed and shot in good fellas 13.
The lasers in the resident evil 13 be capitated by glass up
your the Omen 12 lust death in the seven had 10 votes.
Hacked it out by machete.
The apocalypse now had nine.
A flesh eating scarabs.
How about them flesh eating Arabs in the mummy that had eight and
then seven votes a piece.
I just give the ones with seven and after that the skull crushing
and platoon stabbed in a shower psycho.
Well, that's the shower scene.
What do you mean?
Stubbed seven a shower.
Well, what is that mean?
That's the shower scene.
Yeah.
So that had 55 votes instead of 48 because there's seven more in
another listening to a very more murder seven in screen shot by
Colombians scar face seven and the devil's advocate can do wife's
canneries wife at some and the others had like just just a little
tiny spot here in there was speaking of a tiny spot.
The wife of Maryland governor Robert Urlick made an inadvertent
figure of speech when she said she would shoot pop singer Britney
Spears.
She had the chance to first lady spoke to women said yesterday.
While speaking at a domestic violence conference at Hood College
in the hood in Frederick, Maryland, Kendall Urlick said it's
important for women to get as much education as possible to avoid
being dependent on anybody else.
Scott need a my post to coast.
Her spokeswoman Meg on Sewinsky said Urlick is working a working
mother raising young sons.
He made an inadvertent comment while expressing her concerns
about the influence of pop culture on children just to slip at the
time like a slip of the finger on the triggers.
Chive records in New York based label that represents Spears said
in an email statement that Urlick had shot her own self in the
foot by promoting violence.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
What do we do with stupid irresponsible pictures like that who
open up a mouth and say any other statements?
Shoot them in the legs.
Sounds like a winner.
My life and look all this is 420516.
Hey, Farrell.
By the way, so I've been giving it some stuff.
Oh, what do you think of this?
I know that me and you can do much better go with six to ten
and not in five.
A Gentile in the cranky Jew.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Strap on to time.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the graphics together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm not think my
future.
From Brooklyn.
I've been raped by everybody but you.
You're not my type.
We in love.
This is that with love.
No way that we had a fight.
That you survived.
Who'd want to hear a Gentile?
And pushing tight.
That's crappy.
Ah.
Ah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
And so would you and me for me.
Is much better six to ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might.
We happy to Federation with Westwise way
Happy to Federation what would want?
What do we be better?
What would want?
May Altamy be a better Easyer
Does He really shut him off?
The first time in the world.
1033 at 560 WQM today is today we draw the line in the sand for the last time.
Moe you're on one side of it and the whole world is on the other side of it.
Must be lonely on the other side. He's always got his weasel to keep him warm, you know.
I'm assorting it. 113 votes on a poll so far. Who's the real Schmidt-headed WQM?
Moe Howard David at 38.
Way up there on top. I don't know why I only listened to Neil 27.
Greg Reed though has got 17 a respectable third place.
Jorge Rodriguez ate the Humphers got six.
Threlon ice have four.
The big has got three. Steve Geldigelsteen got three.
Mad Dog's got a pair. Joe Zagaki won and non-fraiti K.
Nobody. I didn't even bother putting Joe on mark on there because you know my bother.
Right? Right. They're running a wee hours in the morning edition which parents didn't even put their show on a schedule today.
So I guess that goes to show where they're on the Peckering Order of QAM.
So why would you put them on there?
I really think it's a good idea.
We could probably like saw out the either the Orange Bull or the PP Stadium after the World Series.
After Moe dies of this horrible death, whatever the hell it's going to be after some wild reptile crawls up his grizzled little rectum and eats him from the entrance.
It's a make that.
Wrong.
Kailin to win significance.
And then we just we'll just get the body and we'll hang it right from a gigantic flagpole in midfield at PP Park.
Well, you laugh at a body or maybe from the mound or maybe from home plate.
And we can let everybody pelted with rotten tomato as an eggs and crad and things.
I prefer lawn darts.
Here's a fact that just came in. Dear Godness, even Scott Jr. despises him.
Hates this man like poison absolutely.
You only been there what about a month now?
Yeah, it doesn't take too long to get jaded around here.
Oh, only about a month and he's learned to despise this man like poison and wish nothing but evil on him.
Seriously, I'm not exaggerating.
This is the most evil door I've ever encountered.
There's just no meaning of the minds. There's no way. There's no accommodation.
Because sooner or later and usually sooner, it's just he just pops.
He just loses it and he turns at everybody.
No wonder everybody's ever worked with everybody who knows him despises and reviles and hates him like poison.
Like arsenic on two legs, not Schmidt on two legs. That's another story. There's a lot of people in that category.
Right, Greg?
But arsenic on two legs.
And we have a fan hit today.
The lovely Miguel will be out there noon to two today.
This is sponsored by Georgia's best personal friends, the real yellow pages from Beltsauk.
Why is it sponsored by anybody?
I mean, it's a fan hit.
I don't know.
I mean, it's already at a commercial location.
It's at power sports.
No, the two at 1090 West sunrise Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale.
What does that all about, Gary Sarner?
I'd like to know what we're getting from our good friends at.
Yeah.
Get your best in the merchandise.
The best of the LCD.
The one where I'm farting on most grave in his face, which has got more meaning now than ever.
And of course, also the best of a mo keychains, which is saying a lot.
Maybe that's the reason we're having such a tough time raising money this year.
Because nobody wants to go to check the pants.
The mo keychains.
You better get them though.
It might be a collector's item.
If things happen in a way that I'm going to pray that they are.
And that we're trying to raise money for a band of pariscus, which has a yesterday.
We had 30,025 bucks also.
And he never has clarified this because it's just a pair of tickets.
So I don't know if that means that you can win a pair of tickets.
Or if we got several pair or just one pair to October fest this weekend.
If he's a 12 in American club in Hollywood, I'm sure we have more than a pair.
Well, then what does it say a pair?
Ah, you know.
Why don't I say a bunch of pairs?
In fact, maybe you can win some pairs.
And then you can throw them at most body when we hang it outside the building from the flag pool,
along with Mussolini.
Benito, Benito, Benito, Benito, Fonito Mo.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Here's this fact.
Ionic Breeze.
Metal strip is energized.
This is particles for the same price you can buy.
290 and 19 inch TVs from Walmart and plug them in.
The particles cling to something with a positive charge.
The screen will collect more dust in the ionic Breeze because the tubercebella, the adiante,
and it goes on and on and on.
Is this the sponsored people?
Is that what this is from?
No, I think this is somebody that just knows their science.
No, I don't think so.
I think this is from that.
Well, whoever it's from.
It says you can put 20 ionic Breeze in the QM restroom and deliver it, move the stench from Mo's ass.
There you go.
Now we're talking.
See the whole world.
The whole world hates you, Mo.
It's not just me.
It's not just for real.
It's not just George.
It's not just Scott.
It's not just the Humper.
It's not just everybody in the goddamn building.
It's not just muffin clearance who wish that you would die a wicked wicked death.
Anyway, does everyone understand how QM can afford to have Mo on the air?
Is there any physical responsibility at QAM?
No.
Forget all the other fodder.
Isn't money the almighty decision maker?
Yeah, for your fodder, for your fodder.
In fact, let's give him a piece of cake as part of his going away party.
Or can you just imagine?
I would fly down for that for the going away party party.
I would fly down for Mo.
Yeah, that's the deal.
Tell Scott the world to stop talking about himself as if he were God.
And then the same breath of wine about being censored.
Sounds like a pussy to me who likes his paycheck more than his honor says of the CAG.
Whatever that means.
And George, you're a damn good DJ.
A loud bike who played some great smit, I think it was Friday.
I'd rather hear the posse from 5th to 8th than Howard David.
Good music is like caffeine.
We all need plenty of those hours.
Have you considered a weekly syndicated music show?
No.
Wow.
There's a lot of shot at Scott, but that's okay.
He can handle it.
See, I don't censor the faxes if they want to rip us off.
It can be my guess.
That's what we're here for.
It's to take abuse because the show is in South Florida, the home of abuse and hate.
143 votes.
Who's the real Schmidthead at WQM?
Do we know the answer?
Absolutely.
You bet.
Mo. Howard David 49.
I don't know.
I only listen to Neil 32, 22.3%.
Greg reads got 26.
They're starting to catch out of his name, act.
Jorge Rodriguez 12.
The Humper 7.
Farala, Neil, each have four.
The big...oh.
He's got three.
Gildy's got three.
Mad Dog 2.
Zagaki 1.
And still non-ferredi cake.
Come on.
Somebody vote for ready-kays is going to feel left out.
The Catholic Church talk about irresponsible.
Talk about real crap.
The Catholic Church is telling people in countries stricken by AIDS not to use condoms
because they have tiny holes in them through which the HIV virus can pass, potentially
exposing thousands of people to risk.
The Church is making the claims across four continents despite a wide spread scientific
consensus that condoms are impermeable to the HIV virus.
Once again, lying to the public, spreading misery and suffering and death because they
want to perpetuate their own bullcrap because they want to dictate.
They're dictators.
A senior Vatican spokesman backs the claim about permeable condoms despite assurances
by the WHO that they are untrue.
The Church's claims are revealed in a BBC One Panorama program, sectioned the Holy
City to be broadcast this Sunday, the president of the Vatican's Pontifical Council for the
Family, Cardinal Alfonso Lopez through Heo, told the program the AIDS virus is roughly
450 times smaller than the Spermata Zoo on.
These Spermata Zoo on can easily pass through the net that is formed by the condom.
Right.
These margins of uncertainty should represent an obligation on the part of the health
ministry and all these campaigns to act in the same way as they do with regard to cigarettes
which they state to be a danger.
The WHO is condemned to have had a converse saying, these incorrect statements about condoms
and HIV are dangerous or facing a global pandemic which has already killed more than 20 million
people and currently affects at least 42 million.
The organization says consistent and correct condom use reduces the risk of HIV infection
by 90%.
There may be breakage or slippage of condoms but not the WHO says holes through which the virus can pass
and believe me, the only hole that they know about the Vatican is the good old, they know lots about that.
Fight and look off this disease by 60.
The radio's on your side.
You in.
In Texas, the pub's pub's dough.
Here's the pub's pub's dough.
I think in the grass, the pub's pub's dough.
He likes to stoke in mass, the pub's pub's pub's dough.
He's a group of heads there, the pub's pub's dough.
The pub's pub's dough.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
That's the one we're going to get.
Welcome.
Okay.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm taking children and I'm still.
I took a pillow, watch her.
She'll put her to take a pillow, nice and cut and touch her.
Take them pills and not eight shots, four and pull and pull.
Push them so I can be a took of narrow on its toes.
The pub's tough, tough.
Can't get even the right.
The pub's tough, tough.
He likes to stoke in mass, the pub's tough, tough.
He's a group of heads there, the pub's tough, tough.
The pub's tough, tough.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
The pub's getting higher.
I'm not playing.
The pub's getting higher.
I'm not playing.
The pub's getting higher.
I'm not playing.
The pub's tough, tough.
Can't get even the right.
The pub's tough, tough.
He likes to stoke in mass, the pub's tough.
He's a group of heads there, the pub's tough, tough.
The pub's tough, tough.
The pub's tough, tough.
Stoke, tough.
Stoke, tough.
Stoke, tough.
Pensionally section 560 W2M.
We're going to stoke these up.
I heard that yesterday about the Ontario appeals court said that they were putting the restored the criminal law banning marijuana possession in Ontario.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, guess what?
Just the next day, meaning yesterday, the federal government in Canada moved quickly to push through its controversial build-a-whees criminal sanctions for pot smokers.
To which we say, yeah.
Justice Minister Martin Koshan, today, will employ a little-used legislative tool.
He's employing his tool to refer the pot bill, not to the Standing Justice Committee, but directly to a specially reconstituted committee.
That comments committee was one of two parliamentary committees examining pot laws last year recommending easing criminal penalties as Senate committee went further recommending legislation.
Since it was a tabled in my honestly, the bill would decriminalize possession of 15 grams as many as 30 marijuana joints by proposing fines instead of a criminal conviction and record for offenders and they're trying to get this passed before Christmas is what they're trying to do.
I don't know why it's the end of time.
I hear some facts from that first bozo who was about to move, but about, yeah, from Ocean Reef.
Okay. Maybe we could put Mo up there on the reef with his clown.
Artificial reef, of course, says you sure don't know your communities, Mr. That's right.
Ocean Reef is a fine-upstanding neo-conservative fascist community located just north of Key Largo off-card-sound road.
We have more money than God and keep riffrap off our island.
We're protected by Wackenut and ADT and DDT.
So don't even try. Please advise your listeners who might be traveling the Elliott Key this weekend for the Columbus Day Wrigada.
Not to even try to stop at our island community.
Hey, listen, audio visitors. Don't even try.
And by the way, Mo, if you're thinking about coming back to work tomorrow, don't even try.
Our patrol boats have orders to intercept any attempted revelers from assoiling our pristine beaches with their vulgar behavior.
What did most say to insult Scott? Say, again, when salt-stice, I'm gonna get any of it.
More on. You're an idiot.
Stay there on character wherever the hell you are.
X General Clark gives a paid speeches and returns fees.
This guy's got some problems, old West, you know?
Retired General Wesley Clark will give no more paid speeches that Democratic presidential candidate spokesman said yesterday.
After the Washington Post reported he may have broken the law by touting his 2000 for run for the White House.
This coming just a day after his campaign chairman said audio, so we've a darch.
Asta, away you go. Asta, came you'll be this.
The FEC prohibits candidates from accepting speaking fees from corporations, labor unions, individuals or universities for campaign-related events.
He announced his candidacy for the Democratic nominations of September 17.
Since then, he's made several paid speaking appearances on college campuses, but FEC official said it was unclear as to whether he's done anything wrong.
They're looking into it. They're taking a peek.
Oh god, and then of course we got the ghetto op-elies.
There are no other pronounced ghetto op-elies, but it's supposed to be ghetto op-elies, so they couldn't even spell it right.
We had a lot of calls on here. Most of them went away.
Thank god, but there's one in six, which is probably, you know who?
Here's Miami. Hello.
How's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Whispering with a dark hole, okay?
Welcome.
Probably your own.
I go.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18, and T, and don't talk about Mo that way.
That's bad. That's disrespectful.
Absolutely.
200 votes.
Who's the real Schmidthead at QAM? Mo Howard David at 68.
I don't know. I only listen to Neil 40, 20%.
Greg Reads got 38. Georgia's got 18. You're a Schmidthead, man.
I know it, but not the real one.
The Humper's got nine. Parallels got seven. I got six.
I wish I had six.
No, and I got seven. I just tied for all of each have seven.
The Aldi's got five. The big three.
Georgia Gacky, three, 80K's got a pair and a bandage, too.
I said, you know, one for 80K. Don't look. You're carried away now.
Out of two and 12 votes.
Do you know that the next poll we take, which will change this at about, I don't know, 1130?
Little while after 11, maybe.
Fuck 30, man.
Yeah.
Do you know that's going to be our 1000th poll?
No, I didn't.
I didn't either until Eric informed me.
Thanks, Eric.
You're starting to like gain a little bit of respectability.
Not too much yet, but a little bit.
Gain a little what?
Wait. Wait for what?
No, seriously, it's going to be our 1000th poll on this show.
Man, we are poll intensive. We've got polls up the old butt.
Get Opily Game causes outrage.
Get opily. Have everyone to call it. It's spelled G-H-E-T-T-O-P-O-L-Y.
Get opily. It's supposed to be get opily.
Cheap trick avidow instead of boardwalk, Hernandez chop shop instead of
Reading Railroad.
Black leaders are outraged over a new board game called Get opily that has
players at the PLA.
Oh, that's a lot of play that they're on the beat.
See, they just didn't speak it in the right language.
See, has players acting like pimps and game cards reading, you got your whole neighborhood
addicted to crack collect $50.
Oh, no.
And I wonder, can you imagine the voice saying that?
Don't be interested.
Yeah.
Black clergymen say the game, the brainchild of a Pennsylvania man should be banned.
And others have called for a boycott of urban outfitters unless the company stuff selling
Get opily and it's chain of clothing stores.
Urban outfitters hasn't pubically commented on the issue.
Didn't return a call, see can come.
And yesterday, for obvious reasons.
If we are silent on this issue, there is more of this type to come.
The Reverend Robert P. Shine, Jr., president of the Black clergy of Philadelphia and
Vecidity Senate at the sidewalk rally yesterday and front of urban outfitters corporate headquarters
in Philadelphia.
Shine displayed the game board with properties including Westside liquor, Harlem, the Bronx
and Long Beach City and squares labeled Smitties Triple X Peep Show, Weinstein's Gold and Platinum
and Tyrone's Gun Shop.
Players draw hustle and ghetto stash cards with directions like, you're a little short on
loot so you decide to stick up a bank, collect 75 bucks and steal dollars if you pass
Let's Roll.
And the S and Let's is the dollar sign.
The creator of Get To Opily, David Chang.
We just pried to put a little different slant on them and Opily.
Didn't immediately answer emails or phone calls so you can come at about the game.
And again, we can't imagine why.
Even Scott can't imagine why he didn't return a call.
On his website, Chang is unapologetic and promises that more games, hood Opily,
no, what is that?
Or hip hop Opily, thug Opily and redneck Opily are coming soon.
A whole lot like that.
A lot of people buy that one.
Yeah.
It draws on stereotype that is a means to degrade, that is a medium to bring together
and laughter.
Chang maintains adding, if we can't laugh at ourselves, we'll continue to live in blame
and bitterness like Mo, a bitter.
Oh, absolutely.
There are no words I can describe that I can use on a year.
A bitter pill.
I got a lot of words.
I just can't use them on a year.
But the Get To Opily boarded to picks figures labeled Malcom X that's C-U-M and Martin Luther
or King's Jr.
Intentionally Miss Screll noted Reverend Glenn Wilson, pastor of Enoch, Tabernacle Baptist
Church.
This is beyond making fun to use the caricature of Dr. King and his regard Wilson said,
there's no way that that game could be taken any other way than that this man has racist intent
in marketing it.
The Colbert Opia Black clergy in many United for a bitter pill.
We're just the latest to protest the game in Chicago, the Reverend Michael Fleeger, pastor of St.
Sabina Catholic Church called for a boycott of urban outfitters.
In Florida, they St. Pete and Hillsborough County chapters of the NAACP, or is the company
to stop carrying the game.
I was outraged.
We called out for there's we wrote the military, we held a press conference, but we've had no
response.
Fleeger said yesterday, well, how do you like that?
Get to Opily.
Now what are the other ones going to be?
Hip hop, Opily, Thug Opily and Redneck Opily.
I like that.
I'm getting that one.
Y'all come back now.
To Ocean Reap.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that Cisano is too late on the death scenes, but even so, how about the
Ruthie and baseball that scene from the narrow and the untunciples during his loyalty soloiquely?
The hit you with my suggestions.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
By the way, Trainspotting is one of the best movies of all time.
Well, I got it right there in the other room.
I'm going to watch it.
No.
I guess I just have to get past that duty scene.
Yeah, there's a better one later.
Oh.
Another one I've never read, y'all mentioned.
Oh yeah.
Irish Godfather with that hair is Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, John Tatura, and Robin Wright.
Penn called, what?
Penn called State of Grace.
All-time great.
What?
Well, Robin Wright, Penn, I say.
Well, this is called State of Grace.
It's an all-time great.
It says, the duty or role is to think it's from Georgia is opposed to the actual asshole from Georgia.
Well, what does that mean?
What, what, dude?
I think it's from Georgia.
I don't know.
You must have confused him at some point.
What?
With the other dude from Georgia.
What dude from Georgia?
That one there.
Oh.
The one that's on the Kahulawasi River with the Burnt Reynolds hair piece.
He?
I'll be damned.
Well, that would be good.
Let's take Moe up into words and ain't treat it.
Brackum.
Yeah.
Ned Vedyanka, nothing on his joke.
He's a little ass, I'll guarantee you that.
Right.
Who is the real Schmidthead at WQM?
This is our 999th poll of all time on his show, at least in the QM.
We never did polls in it, because we didn't have no computer.
And IOD.
Well, what a shame that is.
Moe is still somehow survived.
Somehow.
For many excruciating long years.
Yeah.
To be exact.
By the way, Robert Greepers and asshole.
Even Clarence agreed with that.
Little Nazi and training.
Who is the real Schmidthead at QAM?
Moe Howard David at 79, 34.4%.
More than a third.
You turd.
Think that you're the chigger in a wood pile, Moe.
They hate you like poison.
I'll guarantee it's a lot more than a third that hate him.
I don't know why I only listen to Leo 45.
Remember that song by the Teddy Bears to know him is to hate him?
Yes.
To know, know, know, Moe is to hate.
Oh yeah, there's one for both of Brian.
I can hear it right now.
I can smell it.
You moe?
The no-im is to hate him.
The old Moe Meister.
Anyway, 46, say Greg Reed.
I've just changed again.
80 from Moe, 46 for Greg Reed.
I don't know.
I'll listen to Leo 46.
George Rodriguez, you're stuck on an 18.
Who think you're the Schmidthead?
Little Schmidthead.
Thank God.
Hey Goldberg, the Humphers got 11.
Scott from well and he arrives in seven of peace.
Great minds work alike.
Nice going, Scott.
The Goldy Goldstein's got six.
Joseph Gekki's got five.
The big, oh, stuck there on three.
80K's got only a pair and the Mad Dog Jim Man is,
a wildly popular, has only a small pair.
Ready for that?
Mad Dog with only two.
He just might be the most popular human being in the history of South Ford.
I really mean that.
He is the people of him.
They want to just lick him.
His body parts, they want to grab out of his hair and yank it a little bit.
And share it to him.
Put him on this other pole.
What's that?
This pole number two.
Oh, and the year that's a good idea.
Okay, well, I'll tell him what the other pole is momentarily.
Our thousandth pole.
Let's have a little, I'll do it myself.
A little drummer roll for our thousandth pole.
Stick it in my pole.
And what is jelly roll?
That's what I say, okay.
And it is cheeks.
Stick a little skull.
And that what they always say between your gum and cheeks.
Right?
It's a little skull.
I'm a Copenhagen man person.
All them charmed to mac and people.
10, 10, 8, 5, 60, WQM.
If you're fat, if you got a jelly roll and maybe a little more than that,
balance for life might be exactly what you're looking for.
All you people out there that have tried the low fat, the low carb,
the vegetarian diets, everything out of the sun.
You're still fat and frustrated.
You're out of shape.
You're lethargic.
You're diabetic or maybe right on the edge of it.
Believe you me, diabetes is no fun.
You don't want to go over the edge.
So try balance for life.
It's changed the beast life.
We've kept him alive for a long time, much longer than anybody ever anticipated.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning.
No calorie counting, no carb counting because they do all of those things for you.
They deliver that little black sack right here door by 6 a.m.
at your home at your office every morning.
Three delicious gourmet meals, everything fresh and two delicious snacks are in your black sack,
even little bottle of water is in there.
And that's all you need for the whole day.
Plenty of food to keep you satisfied and happy.
And balance for life is the only company in the world that lets you choose between two choices
for each meal every day that you're on the program.
So if you've tried all the others and you're frustrated and if you're fed up
and if you try to be on those programs where they give you little teeny tiny packages of crap,
this isn't what that's all about.
Balance for life gives you great delicious fresh food.
You'll love it.
Let them help you lose that weight once and for all your start scene results on the skill in a matter of days.
Call them today 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29.
5-6-8-32-29 is in 9-5-4 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio 5-6-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-2-8-8-2-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
The only language I hear on TV every on the word is an obscenity
It used to be the cable was a horn on words but now the networks let their actors turn shit
There's the wind and stripes of this obscenity
All the dialogue can take for fantasy
Square and like a sailor on a pre-day pass
Words a whole lot worse than asked
F-1, F-1, how long will it be?
Before they drop the F-1 on their word TV?
F-1, F-1, there's no tellin' where they'll drop one on the U-P-L
It's been on the U-P-N, on S-R-I-T not U-P-N, it's W-B
It's Warner Bros. Well, same difference
Small villain's not caught it
Yeah, that was Rucker Howard
I don't know if we'll see him no more, although he jumped into the water, he didn't necessarily die
I don't know
R-T, right
He'll be back
I noticed that Clark is like running around naked a lot more than in previous years
And poor what's his name, John Snyder, he's like taking a brutal beating
And Mama Kent, she's like again treated like Mama La Pinga
And it's just unbelievable on a show
It's a pretty good episode I thought, and Lana of course it hurts
She said it hurts
And he said it only hurts for a little while
And then he put his blood in a little while and Lex Luthor, Lana Luthor got a hold of it
I don't know, and then of course Lana and Lex are shaking hands
And then I still say that I don't think that in this version of Superman
I don't think you're gonna see the hostility between Lex and Clark
Because it just, when Lex showed up again after everybody thought he was dead
And Clark took a peek at him
They embraced and hugged and squeezed and yanked
I thought they were actually doing something right there on camera
I mean they were really, were very emotional
He was rubbing his bald spot and they were grinding
And Lex was kissing that S on his chest and he said, man, are you super or what?
Clark was pushing that bump on the back of Lex's head
No, he's just trying to push it back in
It's kind of like most peace, he's just trying to shove it back in
But at any rate, so I was pretty good episode I thought on the old WB
I think they actually spiced it up a little bit because they realized
There was gonna be a little stale, you know, a leg
A tube vanilla before you, a tube vanilla
Let's have a little more gory and sex and blood and violence, stuff like that
Right?
Even if Lana says it does hurt and then that blonde bimbo, she's starting to really budge
But no, she's good. What is her name again?
I don't know. I'm the show. I don't know. I forget
Uh, she just bothers me. I mean, what purpose does she serve?
She's a frustrated bitch that desperately wants to at least take a look at it
If not, you know, hop on it and she just, uh, a man
Can't deal with her
Who is the real Schmidt head at W. Kim? This was our 999th poll 261 votes
A pretty damn heavy duty total like I said 266
Today I'm good thing it's not 666
I guarantee under that weasel on Mo's head there's a 666
Am I right? Absolutely, man
Absolutely
Right, there's a 666, he's the freaking anti-Christ
You got your anti-neil and you got your anti-Christ, a lot of antis running around
Moe Howard David had the real Schmidt head at QA. He's got 90 votes
Leading the pack. Nobody even close
Although Greg Reed moved into the second place
Oh! That's going Greg!
Oh, I don't forget, George
Greg hate you
Oh, I know. I'll never forget
I don't know. I only listen to Neil 49
George has got 19 for being like a little Schmidt head
That's just because they don't like you. Oh, yeah
The Humper has got 13. I got 9 tied with Geldy with 9
For Wells got 7
Joseph Gackie's got 5 and don't forget
Joseph Gackie's fuck's okay
Okay
The big 4
80K's got 3 and a man docks still in the last place with only 2
Only 2 people think that you're the Chigren and Woodpile, the Schmidt head man dog, nice gone
They love you. They want to just squeeze the old 88 on your back
They want to squeeze it. Okay, let's get to our 1000th poll
A momentous day
This is a moment that will keep in mind for a long time
Don't forget noon to 2 day, Miguel is going to be out in the van
At power sports 10, 90 West sunrise, Boulevard and Fort Lauderdale
I'm not going to read that other thing because I don't know what that means
This is a charity fundraiser in the way that our sales department continues to try to muscle in and exploit this
It's starting to really pork my fat ass
You know what I mean?
Gary Sarner, you're starting to read it on my nerves
I'm not going to be reading that to any of that stuff, NoMo
I mean obviously if it's some kind of a commercial enterprise
We'll be reading that, but NoMo
NoMo?
Hey, you know, you can add there if you want, anybody who goes, I got eight pair of opening night tickets
Opening night tickets for the Panther game, you mean?
No, for the Cubs
No, seriously, eight pair of opening night tickets for what?
Fort tonight's game
Fort tonight's game, well you've got to be specific, don't say
And of course Miguel will be loaded up with tickets for the Marlins in the Cubs this weekend
Oh yeah, 10th
NoMo
NoMo?
NoMo?
Yeah, noMo and my Lions for Gary Sarner, okay, because Gary's an asshole and we already had Yom Kipper, okay?
One day of Atomus and Up Gary, get lost
So get your best in the Ill-Mercindice, those 2002 and 3 CDs, the best stuff
And of course the Mojaro David A Keychains, which you can like, you can stick little pins in the holes in the speaker as part of it
You can have your own Mojaro Voodoo doll and help us wish some kind of an evil spell and curse on his ugly, grizzled old nasty, heeple ass
And also we got some Mandol Keychains and eight paratons, now what about the October fest thing?
I have plenty of those
Oh he's got lots of those so you can also get a pair of tickets to the October fest this week
Now they're not spinning the VLR, are they?
Nope
They just have to axe
All they got to do is donate
All of it if you make it, oh yeah don't just show up out there and ask for something for nothing
Because Miguel will give you the old raspberry, that's all he's going to do, raspberries
Nope
No strawberries, Humphrey Bogart's still looking for those but raspberry
I do like raspberries though
Anyway we got plenty of tickets to the October fest this weekend that the German American club in Hollywood
where you can all go step around and celebrate Arnie's big win out there in California
Ah, yeah that's right, Austria liver
So no one to two today, 1090 West Sunrise, now what is that near 1090 West Sunrise?
That's East of 95
Oh, that's all right
Oh well, like I said bring somebody with you
And go out there and uh, what? What are you laughing about?
Well you got a Yahoo map like I did
I'm a little bit nervous about going East of 95 anywhere
Power sports 1090 West Sunrise Boulevard for LaRnail, just East of 95
Great location, Miguel will be there with a QM van, he'll be heavily guarded
Here's our 1000th poll in all of history on the Neil Rogers show on QAM
How about you even the Morgan is sitting there squeezing it
He's so excited right now you think?
Yeah
Which of these people do you most strongly and I want to thank Sean and Hollywood
Who sent us two excellent polls to kill some really good time
All you people out there with poll ideas keep them coming baby, Faximin
Because my even my uh, wrinkle old mind is starting to run dry, not easy man
Every day trying to come up with something a little bit different a new wrinkle
Right, Moll?
Absolutely
Sock hold you
God
Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or this is the wrong one?
Oh, then here's a I pulled the wrong one out
Oh, no, no, this is what I came up with happen often
Which of these people do you most strongly believe a successful or has a job because of their skin color
But that's for another day maybe tomorrow
Don't you like that pull?
Sure
Why not?
Sure, I was thinking mostly of uh, well two people but anyway I'll get into it eventually
Here's our one thousandth poll who do you think is or was the most universally liked celebrity?
Fred Rogers, Elvis, Andy Griffith, Johnny Carson and then whoever you folks want to add
Which I'm sure there must be many and then of course we'll put you in mandates which I suggest you to add it because Barker
Bob Barker's good
He certainly couldn't be on TV for a hundred years
But good man
If people if there were a whole lot of people hated him like poison
Okay, there you go
So we started the out with like six good choices on there and then you can add to it
Who do you think is or was the most universally liked person?
Somebody everybody loved somebody that nobody hated nobody would say anything bad about
See that Bob Barker he had that bitch that died in Parkinson but that's you know there's always one
She came under him
Here's Miami, hello
Yeah, just like yesterday same crap only different languages
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line here's Lake Worth hello
Neil, good morning
Hey, I'm just putting in a name for a scene for yesterday's poll but there'd be a scene where the alien popped out of Guy's chest and alien was that on there?
No, yes, never heard of it. I just had joke George. I'm just playing with this guy. I'm all right. No, get out of here
God almighty
By the way President Lincoln really enjoyed the play
He said it had kind of a weak plot but nevertheless the ending was a bang
Yeah, he said he went out with a bang
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, you people are so slow
This is our 1000th poll feel it squeeze it emote with it, okay?
It's like having a little party right there on your radio speaker say momentus day plus it's even a positive thing
That's probably why we're not gay. I mean I see a lot of phones ringing but you know we're not getting the immediate response because they like something negative
Like that nasty miserable hateful poll we took first about who's the chigger in a wood pile who's the real Schmidt headache you
Way him who's the problem child and of course Moe wins hands down absolutely by a big margin just pulverizing everybody else
Which is what he does every day pulverizes everybody else stabbing for Ellen the back scuts under a lot of pressure taking a lot of duress even
Griggs that won't lend him his duress
Taking a lot of crap from the usual suspect and it is most supportive is good close personal friend
No, both on and off the air stabbing jabbing twisting and of course that's because Moe is salivating now he can get his 6 to 9 back
There's only one problem with that Moe if heaven forbid for else you get blown out or something like that
One problem and that is this kid does 10 to 2 so there's like a big gaping hole between 9 and 10
I say a test pattern be better than having Moe back under his lead and don't you? Yeah just having like a radio test pattern
Like a little 60 cycle tone or like
Let that people think it's a hum job on a radio
For an hour I guarantee you get better numbers than Moe
I'm not having him as my leading no more I'll tell you that and I'm certainly not going back to 9 just to passify the grid
He when a hired him created so many goddamn problems more than you can shake your wicket it's just pathetic
By the way speaking of work do you know that actually bought airwick yesterday?
What's wrong with that? I haven't bought airwick in so many years
About 30 man
I mean I mean I'm not that I needed my how my place here doesn't stink but I just kind of pleasant all good
And they stink good
But I haven't bought it and of course the old fashioned airwick when it was nasty stuff the green
Oh yeah yeah
Oh that would that smelled worse than whatever
Or the orders you were trying to cover up
Oh
But now the new airwick hits him a higher man they got like all kinds of really like you know
Pink and pansy and you know lilac and
Smell the run just here
Plug in
Now there's these have the plugins I know I those are a pain in the ass because those yeah they are
Every like every week or two you look at those and they're like all brittle and crumbled you have to like replace
Not airwick you just you just lift up your wick
Hmm smell smell like lilacs
1113 at 560 WQM if you're working in a really crappy job if you got an asshole for a boss oh god
Then get yourself out of that rut get your life on the move with the real job call our friends at fast train
Tool free at 1 866 fast train before the year ends they can have you in a real job
They can have you train and certified in a real computer career and don't forget the demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow
There's no end in sight so if you're smart you'll do it right now you get you a new high-paying computer career
And start making a big fat meaningful paycheck
Fast train can really help you because they offer you job placement assistance convenient the evening weekend schedules
And there are four soft little locations so it just figures that there's about a one fairly close by you
Fast train offers you financial assistance for people to qualify too
So what you got to lose beside a really dead-end job and a really depressing attitude about life
Call 1 866 fast train or check them out in the web if you like first at fast train.com and then make that call
And change your life for a really positive way forever call 1 866 fast train
I am law this is sports radio by 625 QAAB
To a theater near you
Christopher Reeve is Superman Superman 5
That will tell Superman Superman Quig Jimmy Olsen is drowning
Hey here comes Superman here he comes he's in a wheelchair
Are we all Superman?
Oh yeah
Okay, where's Jared?
Too late
Yeah they have to call you super gimp
Get out of here you freak
Oh, oh Claire
Nothing's happening get on top of me
Oh
I the evil song and I finally figured out a way to defeat Superman
With with kryptonite
No steps
Superman 5, the search for a bigger doorway
Rolling into a theater near you
I'm not a reason I played that is just a piss off Diane for a little bit who's an evil bitch obviously
She said Christopher Reeve belongs on the floor
No he does not know a lot of people I can't stand Christopher Reeve
And if we're supposed to give him like the sympathy vote because he's a crib I say no
And the reason I say it's Chris there is because Diane also adds to her facts
Tell for well the butcher up say it's real easy for a bitch to say butch up
Right?
Yeah, what she hasn't got any idea what she's talking about what's going on behind the scenes the kind of pressure and duress and the garbage
That this guy's got to take and the reason that I especially empathize is because I've already gone through it myself
Took two years off of my life when wackos come after you and try to like destroy your career and your life and everything around you
So it's easy for you to sit on your fat smelly ass and for a lot of day I'll die in
We'll get back to you Diane
Tell for well the butcher up
I'd like to have him put his foot so far up your ass that he tickled your tonsils of he had any okay
He's smelly nasty bitch
I think I can't stand Diane worse than even Moa and that saying a lot
Absolutely
Here's the facts from a chronic who says beside and it's time chronic
Besides yourself that anybody really not like Bob Hope I would say there were a few
Let's put him on there he was well liked I have no idea why but you know he had that nose
I voted for Johnny Carson and I didn't like Johnny Carson but just because I like her now that's not the question
What neolikes you don't like that's why we put it on there chronic what who do you think is or was the most universally lights
University lights celebrity
Elvis 9 Johnny Carson 8 Fred Rogers 6 Andy Griffith 2 Bob Barker 2 Jim Adich 1 so far
And then we got other names going on there like Bob Hope and who else and it's so far
Because we're not putting Christopher Reeve on there are we no way no way that I'm gonna like knuckle under that damn miserable
Hateful bitch Diane and Fort Lauderdale that's picking on our good friend Scott what's wrong with you bitch God
Here's a call from Miramar hello Neil yes sir how about Muhammad Ali can you use him can I use him I don't
Want to use him but I guess it would be easy to do it because he can't run to a fast no one
You have to be like a movie star no it can be it says who do you think is just celebrity I think you want to read Muhammad Ali
Well we got him on there for you thank you sir I've a lovely day and you two don't get tested about it now you start get like you know
I did I disagree at all no start getting a little bit ornary but I understand because you're there it was 81 and
Terraria stand on nobody cares about that and sunny and beautiful and it's gonna be sunny in 75 today
It's already sunny and beautiful how do you like that I like it just for that asshole little one here about Canada that
Rush Limbaugh liquor is probably the rubber greeper trying to see you can get their tongue in first
19 right now that 66 beautiful degrees it's gonna be 75 before this day is out and I'm pretty damn happy about it I love it
Lower humidity leaves open against Canadians this Saturday at the ACC
Elvis and Fred Rogers are tied with ten of peace and you know what they both have in common they're dead right excellent
Can you believe that what how can life be worth living when Elvis and Fred Rogers are both dead I didn't like either one of them
Me too no I like Elvis I'm not gonna lie to you I like Elvis a lot he was good plus he was hot in his own way even
Always slept with mama for years in his own day he was in his own day way let's see here's a fact from Jack
Who says subject for possible pool what oh God that's that's a little bit pushing it from Jack ropper
Well he's probably from the ropper pole people what was your favorite pool of all time
I have to think about that one you know I've seen so many in my time Barbara pole anyway it's Elvis is leading right now
It surprises me because this is generally speaking anti Elvis grud but we'll get a whole bunch of more suggestions on here that'll change his tune
Here's a call from Hollywood hello
That's your friends on the phone company. Yeah, here's Miami. Hello there there again. Uh-huh they're all over the place. Here's dear field hello
Yes sir what we have here is a failure to get rid of that collar Scott that's what we have there
You were that the six parts are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T here's a lady in plantation hello
Lady in plantation
Do you believe this yeah I do actually I've had some runs in my time but man I feel like wild diarrhea is only moments away
Here's Miami hello oh Neil yes sir hey I got a name for your pole
Okay I uh failure cruise
Thousandth pole okay I thought it was a good question it was suggested by Sean and Hollywood on this thing the other day
I thought it was a but he said it's a positive thing
Senior cruises universally like no who are you kidding man who the hell are you kidding she's a she's as universal like as cruise booster money
It wasn't California
Well disgusting nasty frog guide monkey a baboon bitch couldn't sing a word of a paper sack even
Desi Arneza spinning in his grave thinking about it here's a call from four lotterdale hello
Neil yes sir Walter Cronkite Walter Cronkite is excellent and he's still alive
Yes he is my the man who's never just like anybody as far as I know and he's been around since what the porties
Since before they started making processed cheese
Well that's my choice for the pole I have a wonderful base there and you two thank you Walter Cronkite
It's a vault for Cronkite of course not everybody must have loved him because a lot of people watched something in wrinkly
But universally liked in other words nobody didn't like him nobody said nothing bad about him that's right right right I mean nobody said nothing bad about Fred Rogers except us
Right I mean he I always thought he was a pervert I mean bug me huh he bug me from the time I was four years old
I'm just always had that feeling don't we have a Fred Rogers something in here we must have something yeah we do
What's it for no mr. Rogers something rather Mr. No we don't have that Mr. Rogers retires not in here we don't
Mr. Rogers twisted how can I have to work on that do we really yeah is it MR period is that why you can't find it MR period
Oh Mr. Ed oh how do you like this I look what I just did in all my emotion and hysteria I just knocked it down to the game audition
On tonight's action news it's the reason Mr. Rogers hands a retire it's Mr. Rogers the lost episode
So let's have some make believe I want to show you this toy that I brought yeah it's just a toy you know oh yeah oh yeah put it back in right in there
and out of town and what a good feeling that was fun wasn't isn't it fun to pretend things like that you can use your fingers on
tonight's action news but I guess you can see it's no secret what a good feeling they gave me oh you're coming and Mr.
Mchealy's coming
local sports video 5.6 or worse you am
Hello
Hello
Hello
I'm Mr. Ed
I'm Mr. Ed
Yes Mr. Ed this is a hardware hello hello I'm Mr. Ed
Hello Hello I'm Mr. Ed
Okay this is a one minute my name is Bill this is a software hello hello Sir so you're going to have to call back I'm Mr. Ed
Yeah I understand that but you got to call back you got a bad connection okay my dad hello hello hello hello hello hello
1130 at 560 WQM Sean and Holly would have suggested those two fine pools and now getting a little surly himself everybody down there is surly no wonder I'm so glad not to do this is what happened to my Jacques Cousteau damn it I intentionally took him off
of it because I don't think everybody likes Jacques Cousteau I don't think everybody even remembers who the hell that was I send it along anyway what's it going to
hurt you did what I sent it along I'm trying to stay ahead of the game you put it on there yeah oh everybody sure everyone
like Sandy Griffith you know I don't like Andy Griffith I can't stand any Griffith it's easy to be folksy and friendly and non-controversial but to be French and well liked is an achievement worthy of a Nobel prize
that Sean and Holly would have not just satisfied that I'm taking this pool condition that I'm handling his pool but also I got to like okay it's on there
I like you why I like Jacques he invented scuba Jacques Cousteau we the only reason the only reason that you're trying your sand at is because you want me to play the
underworld underground world uh underwear world right isn't French and well liked to not see all the national geographic special
after 14 months at sea Jacques Cousteau observes subtle changes in his cruise behavior yeah good good for him I mean I'm honored to speak to you on behalf of the
he's muskling everywhere you know what he wants you to do your duty and now one of our chronic factions see these people get so carried away it's like the colors this is
the same thing they want a fact that had all those good the pole suggestions for yesterday now he's got a list of all these pool but some are okay I think we've done most of these though have we
some yeah most like a best sci-fi movie of all time oh Lucille ball Lucie let's just put Lucie okay we need to put Lucie's balls I already see put Lucille ball
I hope you don't like Lucy uh yeah best sci-fi movie we could do that we have a most trustworthy politician alive short list that would be okay like I said this is another good list
what times this guy show on the greatest rock or pop album of all time we have never done that no we have not I don't know you think that's uh it's uh it's a it's a pole it'll kill a day
greatest invention last 30 years is good how about that this the segue what the segue scooter remember the school down yeah what the superhero would you most want to see
made into a major motion picture that has how we've done yet we've done well we have I did that on vacate yeah I let across that out we've done
I got my name for doing a comic book show when we were talking about movies we also did what's the best game show of all time we've done that been there done that but this one I might just do this tomorrow the worst fast food chain we've done the best several times
we've done that yeah I know we're fast food chain if we ever done that no no positive what is the best ethnic non-American cuisine
mm okay mother there's a pretty interesting list I'll stick it in the stick it in my pile take it mother Teresa even though she was actually a power hungry stealing
bitches what it says here I don't think so I said her long anyway you did why just cuz sure I would put that dead old wrinkled up bitch
why why he ran around the world preaching at the Stone Age crap enforcing people to make all those unwanted babies and encouraging people
to blow up abortion clinics and stuff like that so that wasn't the right dentist would have somebody to vote for oh yeah there you go why mother Teresa everybody love mother Teresa I like Teresa
brewer more than mother Teresa we don't even know who the hell that is I'll put another nickel in in the Nickelodeon I heard that
man from 1890 music music music huh is that from 1890 now it's right before the Civil War right before eight went to that place
oh that was after the Civil 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th line who do you think is or was the most universally liked celebrity Elvis 17 Fred Rogers 15 Jim managed 15
yess correct rags they go mad dog you're they love you Johnny Carson 13 Bob Hope 8 Walter no no no what who would who put the H and Walter Cronkite who
Who the H put the H water's crown card?
Oh, that would have been me.
What a jackass.
There's no H and water clonk.
I think fast.
Something called chronic.
Quick, quick, quick with the H.
Quick with the H job.
Muhammad Ali and the water crown card each have six.
Andy Rifkin and Bob Barker with four, one for Lucy and none.
For Jacques Cousteau and Mother Teresa, who just both went up there at 89 votes.
Jacques Cousteau.
Ah, lots of, ah, that's a, that's a, how you gonna encourage that jackass to call it again?
Yeah, he will.
That moron.
Ah, lots of, ah.
What, is that go back?
How many years?
About 30, man.
And he's still an overgrown child.
Ken off the old block or whatever the hell, whichever one I, is.
I can't forget a monster.
The guy with the eyes.
It's all part of the same little fraternity of misfits.
Boy, am I gonna miss those people?
No.
Or what when I finally hang up this gristle-roll microphone in a couple of weeks.
We'll go, he is it.
I'll, I'll organize a tour.
Here's a chronic in Orlando.
Hello.
Dean Martin.
What is it?
Dean Martin.
Are you got like a sock over the phone or is it just because you're far away?
It's out!
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Haha.
There you go.
Even Scottsdard to catch out of some of these morons and that's saying a lot.
Pretty obvious when Scottsdard's catching out of your crap.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
When is this?
You know, how you doing?
Okay.
I got the two for you.
How about the one?
No, only one.
Only one.
All right.
How about Redscold?
Okay.
Good.
I'm not, I'm not getting sucked in no matter.
I, I'm tired of that.
I got two for you.
You know, what's your favorite movie about what I got ten for you?
No, one.
One.
One.
One.
That's all.
Not five.
Not a hundred.
Not fifty thousand.
That's the, that's the question.
One.
You know, who do you think is the most universally liked celebrity?
Not three.
Not four.
Not a pair.
But just freaking one.
All right.
No.
God.
What a nice start already.
I think we need to go back to the movie stuff, man.
You know, I was looking, I have like about seven rate movies and they're having any more watch yet on DVD like Fargo.
I don't have any.
I like how you did.
But anyway, I got a pile in there and then of course people are calling every day with these other ones that I'm supposed to go rushing out and buy like that Johnny Depp one where he plays like some kind of a Cuban Fag or whatever.
Right.
You got snatched out yet?
Yeah, I do have that.
I have snatched.
I haven't checked it out yet.
I haven't checked it out yet.
It's gone.
But no, seriously, and I'm looking through happiness and requiem and all these others and Magnolia.
I'm thinking, remember even, even then, this is getting panoramic.
Too much of these movies shows.
First of all, the ratings kicked ass during the summertime, especially June and July when we're doing all of that stuff.
And I got, if I wouldn't have done those shows, I never would have seen any of those movies and believe you me.
I'm ecstatic.
What haven't they bitched about?
Remember the one hit wonders?
Oh, no matter what it is, they bitch about it.
Oh, everybody's done this with the best song of all time.
But you know what?
If you don't like it, go away.
That's all way.
I'm not doing a show based on some misfit out there that wants to use this as a human audio punching bag.
Okay?
Blow it out, mose-ass.
You look with mose, okay?
They deserve each other.
All you chronic complainers out there.
Waaaaaah!
It's the South Florida F and way, man.
No matter what it is, I can just imagine after the Cubs beat the snot out of the Marlins last night.
I mean, you can't win every guy damn game.
And if you're going to lose 12 to 3 is the same as one, nothing.
It may still a loss.
But I can imagine some of the sounds of some of them people just jumping, topping right off of that damn band-ba-ba-ba.
There you go.
Here I am.
I heard it.
Yeah, because they got their ASCIC one game, you know?
Bro, oh boy, it's just a town of misery.
Misery, Missouri.
Here's a call from Voka.
Hello.
Voka.
Hi, I have an ampere list.
Okay.
Princess Diana.
Princess Diana.
That's a good list.
I like that video.
I can stand that video.
Oh, I saw.
Of course, people are going to say, well, you don't like anybody, you know?
That's not true.
I like Tom Welling.
Princess Diana.
We'll get back to you.
Diana.
Yeah, she was, uh, I don't know.
I remember after she croaked in the way that was after my seven-month hiatus and I came back on a year.
Mm-hmm.
And nobody cared.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess Diana, we're begging please.
Her eyes pop a rotsies coming after you.
You're gonna crash if you were wrong.
No more rich guys for you.
Princess Diana is gone.
Oh, Princess Diana.
Princess Diana is gone.
She's really gone.
When you do a tunnel, hello, all.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, one thing about her, Princess Diana, and put her on a list, it's a good choice.
You'll see her.
No, no, no, no, no.
Well, be seen the old Princess.
No, no, no, no.
Maybe a queen or two, but not no more princesses.
Well, I can probably see a friend's Russia every now and then.
And maybe our good friend, Cheryl from IOD.
How Cheryl doing, by the way?
Fine, I guess.
Have it heard from her in a while.
Don't be saying anything now because it's supposed to be a big secret that I talked to her that one time and she was somewhere.
21 till noon at 5.60 W.D.C.M.
Don't forget in just a matter of moments the lovely Miguel will be at the Power Sports at 10.90 West Sunrise Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale.
He's got a bunch of free patent.
And again, it's only for people to buy some of our best of merchandise.
If you're not going to come by there with some money for a band and pay rescue, we don't even waste your time.
He ain't going to give you nothing.
Not even a little squeeze, a little feel.
He's got tickets to the October Fest this weekend at the Choi Min American Club in Hollywood.
He's got some tickets for the Panther whole body.
But what do you say eight pair for the Panther Hercune Game at the Immacruine at night, the season opener and the home opener for the Panthers?
Nothing like that.
And of course all the best of the merchandise including those very varated, probably be like our collectors at them very soon.
More Howard David and Keychains.
Because I'm a feeling that if we really get, if we really put the big push on with this voodoo and all thing and I'm not joking about that, I wish him a lot.
I don't wish anybody physical harm or any ill health, but in his case I'll make an exception.
So I'm a horrible, I hope that maybe his musk record, some kind of like rabies or something and it just seeps down into where his brain used to be and just infects his whole grotesque being.
Wouldn't that be lovely?
And the whole staff can like kind of sit around and watch him rot.
Oh God, it can be like a rotten.
I'm infectious.
Be good.
That's the best news I've heard in a Koonzage.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM if you want to replace that tired old carpeting in your home.
Here's a great alternative for you.
Let me tell you about Laminants Arroz.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminants Arroz is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the world like Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Unifloor and Quichstep.
And all of Laminants Arroz flooring is installed by Pergo certified installers who really know their crap.
Here's another reason why I'd be calling Laminants Arroz.
Their prices are so low.
So positively, absolutely unbeatable, that'll probably...
...for you.
Right now you can get this fall special for just 1495 bucks.
Let me say it again.
Just $1495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively...
Unbelievable.
...and Laminants Arroz will match any...
I don't really like that one so much, you know what?
That David Paul one I like.
Un...
...deliverable.
Alarm better.
And Laminants Arroz will match any legitimate written offer too.
There's no obligation so if you'd like a free-in-home estimate, call them today.
Call Laminants Arroz at that toll-free number and tell them that cranky old ancient Neal Torto to call 1-877-773336.
They make it so simple, how can you possibly pass this up?
They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25-year warranty and years and years of beautiful, easy-care...
...laminant wood flooring.
Call Laminants Arroz today because they're unbeatable.
Call them toll-free at 1-877-773336.
My...
...and Laminants Arroz.
This is Fort Real 560.
You...
You...
You...
You...
You wanted more and you got it.
The bad dog is back singing for you at unmanaged singing volume 2.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Old Number 8 is back tearing up with the great singing more pig hits with even more big stars.
The bad dog does them all.
Baby, give me a chance.
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
It's an all-new British invasion with the bad dog singing like a man.
I like it.
I like it.
The truth is finally out that Jim Manage was truly the fifth beat.
You gotta give it a love and give it a love.
Hey!
Everyone looks alive.
Oh, see me.
Now your head's a stain.
You always hear me say,
You're gonna be alive.
Oh, I'll ride!
Oh, ride!
I'll ride!
Here's the bad dog's end room touching tribute to the king.
Oh, this.
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
The bad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
I don't think so.
So we had Luke and Gratzie pay him a little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's son of a bitch, this cute.
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
And it's sing.
Bum-Bum-Dum available now if you move quickly.
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
1146 and the reason I played that is because Luke was in the lead man.
Oh, ride!
Told ya.
Mad Dog 21 votes to Amanda.
Who is?
Who do you think is?
It was the most universally light celebrity.
Mad Dog 21.
Fred Rogers 20.
Elvis 19.
Johnny Carson 16.
Here's a real overrated.
Mohamed Ali 13, Bob Hope 10, Walter Cronkite 8, Andy Griffith 6, Bob Barker 5, Lucy has 5, Jacques Cousteau has 2.
Oh, love that the mother Teresa's got a pair and the princess dies got 1 out of 128 votes.
On our 1000th poll on the The Arranger Show, this is a momentous occasion.
And you can tell Kinsha feel and smell it.
The excitement and enthusiasm all around town.
No, I'm feeling it anyway.
Or maybe just smell the burning smells from the voodoo dolls.
The mo voodoo dolls that the burning thing that might be of.
Absolutely.
Good, keep it up folks.
Don't stop now.
Here's Carl Spring.
Hello.
I got a lump in my pants for you, buddy.
Happy Felt and it's full to you.
I got a name for you and then I got a question.
Name would be John Belushi.
Yeah, nobody don't like John Belushi.
That's what I really love about him.
And my question is, who do you think is going to be the first bitch who's going to say, Jack Crippa?
Say what?
You know, Jack Crippa, the guy just died.
The guy who played Jack Crippa on the thrift company.
Oh, John Ritter.
Yeah, who's the first one who's going to come up and go, John Ritter?
Everybody loves John Ritter just because he's dead now.
I hate John Ritter.
So do I, man.
Who did you say before that?
Well, Jack Crippa, remember that was his partner.
No, no, but who did you say was your choice?
Oh, John Belushi.
Oh, John Belushi.
I'll see you.
I wrote down John and then you got me like, I'll saw him.
I'll still wrote down John Ritter.
So don't do that.
Okay, I have a great time, pal.
Put my your head.
Right?
Right.
He was good.
He just got a little lucky to read a little bit of John Ritter stuff.
I didn't like John Ritter.
And see people are going to say, well, all these names.
Well, there are a lot of my didn't like.
I can give names of tons of people that I did like, but they're not qualified for this list.
We could put Elizabeth Montgomery.
Okay.
Since I was watching D. Witch this morning, I don't know if you're hurting you.
That it was kind of a cute episode where she turned the, uh, the guy that,
Darren was trying to get the contract with.
She turned him into a dog because he kept coming on to work.
Elizabeth Montgomery.
Nobody don't like Elizabeth Montgomery, right?
Right.
And what about, uh, what's your name?
Barbara Eden.
I'll put her on to it.
Same person only, Barbara's still alive.
Damn it.
Why couldn't Elizabeth Montgomery still be alive and Moby dead?
Now what is this?
Jay, what is this thing?
You just sent me a gear.
Oh, oh, you know something.
My psychic, you know, this, I can't, I can't complete the show.
My psychic powers are so spectacular.
You have no idea.
Guess what I was just thinking about.
I give up Elizabeth Montgomery.
I was just, no, seriously, during the break.
I don't know why, but it came into my mind that I think Gary Sarner is a bushman
that is a poor George W. Bush because he's an orthodox Jew and he's an asshole.
In the first, there's a bunch of facts that you just sent me and it says
from Phyllis Ray Gary Sarner's new baby girl.
Joyous and congratulating Gary and his family for this new blessing.
No.
No.
Now what is that about 19 inches long?
God.
I knew he was circumspect by him, realize he had that in him.
Oh, they are baby.
She, she, she waited.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, you're a literate Phyllis.
You're a literate.
Don't mess with my log.
The water dot sees it literate.
He waited eight pounds one ounce of what 19 inches long.
Yeah, I know somebody's got 19 inches for you, honey.
Bro.
She probably already done that.
Her and Scrooan.
Oh, she was born Thursday.
Well, why don't we care about this?
Why don't we care about that?
Gary Sarner, he makes my skin crawl.
I'm sure yours too.
Yeah.
The orthodox Jew.
Not because of that.
No, I'm just saying because he's an asshole.
For the orthodox Jew is just another excuse.
Cost me money.
I would be surprised if Gary Sarner came in one day with his
tallies and his tits is hanging out.
And his payus.
Payus what you owe is scary.
Yeah, payus what you owe is you, Jackass.
Pay your Georgia's stuff.
You simple to end.
Stop trying to muscle in on our damn charity thing, which Miguel is there right now.
I'm sure.
Or I'm his way.
Ten, I got across that out.
So I don't mistakenly read that again.
You know, sponsored by what does that mean sponsored by if they want a sponsor?
Why don't they write out a check for like 10 grand to the abandoned pay rescue and help us out that way?
And that sound good.
All right.
Sponsored by.
Instead of putting it in like a commercial thing, we don't allow any commercial other than places that want to let us go there and raise the money,
which is fine.
We'll give them a plug.
But other than that, we don't want the sales department to hauring our fundraising efforts ever, ever.
You got to Gary ever.
No.
Idiot.
Let's go over this weekend and help kosher Gary's house.
All right.
I'll bring the stick.
What an asshole.
Cops find more than they expected when they went to arrest the Queen's priest on harassment charges.
This from today's New York Post guns, gay porn and Nazi paraphernalia officials said.
How do you like that?
I think it belongs to the church.
The headlines says the priest from a hell.
Wow.
This is a great story.
Thanks for ever sent this in.
There's no fact in the church.
A Queen's priest, while I understand why he was in Queens, guns, gay porn and Nazi paraphernalia.
The Reverend John Johnston, 64, also told cops more than they expected.
Sources said he confessed he had swiped 80 grand from a long-range church where he had celebrated Sunday Mass for the past 25 years.
Johnston's arrest lead to his denon-agroated harassment charges, shocked officials in three Catholic dioceses.
In the Brooklyn diocese, his home base for nearly 40 years were cops claiming he made threatening and harassing of scene phone calls to staffers at Bishop Lockburn Memorial High School in Fort Green.
In the Rockville Center diocese, where he helped celebrate Mass at St. Martin of Tours Church in Beth-Page, while he allegedly embezzled 80 grand that perched officials never missed.
In the New York Archdiocese, where he taught the all-boys oratory preps school in Summuth for 23 years until his retirement last June.
The CD details of Johnston's secret life were exposed to tonight when cops went to his apartment at 78th, while the McKinifest injection hides after tracing a barrage of profanated lace phone calls to him.
Oh, how do you like that?
When police were taking him into custody, they found three pistols, one of them in unlicensed 38 lying on a bureau and is living him along with homosexual pornography and Nazi helmets, daggers and other momentos, law enforcement sources said.
All of this to say, momentos.
Oh, why don't I want to go through that again?
Same thing.
They also found thousands in cash on the bureau and more in a shopping bag in his bedroom.
Johnston told police he'd been stealing money from the Beth-Page Church for 25 years, taking as much as $6,200 a week, some of it from the poor box sources said, oh my god.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Oh my god.
He told police, that's my 401k plan.
What, what a line.
I didn't make that up.
He told police, that's my 401k plan.
Johnston was led out of his apartment wearing a kimono.
Oh no.
This is made up.
You got it right there.
You sent me this copy.
Oh, let me look at this.
Turn the bottom after the 401k plan.
Just keeps getting better and better.
Johnston was led out of his apartment wearing a kimono, was charged in Brooklyn with aggravated harassment.
He's expected to be charged in queens with weapons position and possession of stolen property and embezzlement charges are likely to fall according to that.
Police, neighbors described Johnston as an unfriendly loner who never said hello and wouldn't even hold a door open for you.
Who would expect a priest would do something so outrageous as Maria Rodriguez, right Maria, the superintendent's wife has said, Johnston was a very angry man.
Oh, too many wasn't in South Florida. He'd have hit right in.
There.
Yeah.
And Rockville Center, diocesan headquarters spokeswoman Joanne Navarro said shocked church officials never suspected money was being embezzled.
The first we heard was from the police, she said.
At St. Martin's of tours, the Reverend John McKinnessy feared the revelation about Johnston will certainly hurt people who little heard us.
A shaken church goal refused to discuss the priest arrest noting, I'm not going to react because I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
Brooklyn, diocese spokesman Frank DeRosa said Johnston had a clean record.
We never had any complaints against him or shocked.
Outside or at the right prep, a 16 year old junior recalled how Johnston always talked about how smart Hitler was and how he gave powerful speeches.
How do you like that?
That sounds like it sounds just like hello.
Do you think it sounds familiar to me?
It sounds like a governor of California that we're all supposed to admire and to get down and seek high to.
Another student described the priest who taught English history and religion as a crabby old dud.
Not dude, dud, crabby old dud.
You can't like Moe, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
At the Newark Art Style, he spoke to him in Jim Goodness called the church against Johnston unfilial.
He probably said thank goodness they finally got his ass out here.
Nothing along these lines was exhibited while he was serious.
He was just a teacher and a faculty went home on a weekend and did Nazi goose steps and stuff like that.
How do you like that?
From the New York Post, another freaking priest, just another isolated incident, Dennis, in the most corrupt institution in the history of mankind, the Roman Catholic Church.
Don't let me forget, I want to read that story again about how they're killing people by putting out that propaganda about condoms, have little tiny holes in them.
And don't use condoms because then you'll really picture HIV and all kinds of stuff and get everybody pregnant, crap like that.
Desperately, desperately trying again to brainwash the public and make all of those unwanted babies.
Vivilvin with numbers, you know what I'm saying? That's what it's all about. It's a numbers racket, especially those tax-free dollars.
11.56 at 5.60 WQA. And don't forget Miguel over there at the place.
Power sports, 10.90 West Center, I'm building up for Lauderdale.
If we don't get at least a grand there between now and two o'clock, I'm going to be really ported.
But the best thing to do is merchandise. We got a lot of free tickets for people who contribute to a band and pair rescue.
We got those Mohawar David infected keychain. We got the many piratickets to the October fest this weekend at the German American club in Hollywood. Maybe the father will be there, huh?
To teach you some good goosteps, which will come in handy pretty soon. And also we got plenty of we got eight piratickets for a nice opening Panther game at the macarena against the Carolina Huracuns.
What's not to like? So go see Miguel and Rubman is a belly.
Three minutes to learn a QA. Do you like scary Halloween fun? Are you scared of the dark? You think you like to be scared? You have the guts to face your fears?
You don't know what fear is until you survived Fobia House. Its house of masquerade 3D haunted house. Fobia House is recognized as one of the scariest haunted houses in the US.
It scares, scares, and then scares some more. If you think you can survive there, collect a 3D Fobia infested nightmares.
Live dead things like moe, blood curtains and other screaming horrors, then come on down. Believe the little ones at home. This is not a haunt for children under 14.
Just ask anybody who survived them before. Fobia House is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try.
Come on, Nancy. Face your fears if you dare. Fobia House by house of masquerades 305-238-3351.
Mention the Arrogers orfascot for relance. Save a buck on admission. Fobia House is located at 1205 South Dixie Highway in Miami.
That's 1201 South Dixie Highway. What is it? 1205 South Dixie Highway in Miami. Just 15 blocks south of the falls. Scream started 7pm this Friday and Saturday.
My life and look all this is 4205-60.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QAM.
All right.
We're going to have a look at the
172 votes on a poll. Our 1000th poll on QAM. Mark Morgan is excited about it.
Who do you think is who was the most universally light celebrity? Somebody nobody don't like. How about Cerely?
Okay. It's a joke.
But now you probably are thinking this fact. You just sent me from Bruce Wayne and his boy, a wonder.
Paul McCartney and Mickey Mouse. It says, and Mickey Mouse even though isn't the person we didn't ask about.
Person we said celebrity. Right? Okay. Well, what's wrong with that? Nobody don't like Mickey.
Why is there gets irritated right in phone calls, but other than that, nobody don't like Mickey. Let's get on it.
Paul McCartney and Mickey Mouse. Why not?
So our 1000th poll. Let's go out with a bang, baby. Our 1000th poll. Linda Faxson says, I heard it announced it started already.
By Charles Gibson on the news, I'm Good Morning America that if you're unhappy with Arnold being governor, you can join a recall already underway.
Go to www.recallarnold.org. This was said on national TV. What's going on over there? Linda wants to know.
I thought Florida was bad, but California is way out there. A whole different planet.
And Linda, you are absolutely correct, man. I like I look for something to do. You know.
But you think there may be their board? Huh? Like a shoe leased to say I got to look for something else to do. Right.
That's exactly why when it can't his old ass the brain stem. How's the brain stem doing? Am I see him lately? No.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who do you think is who was the most universally liked celebrity?
That a pretty good list. Well, this thing is just flashing like here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi, Dale. It's blinding. Yes, sir. Yeah, the reason why you have to get in there.
Wic is for all those packages update. Yeah, stick the Wic in your laptop. Okay, asshole.
Here's a call from Margate. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Good morning. Yes, sir. Wednesday afternoon.
Thanks once again for the bedtime stories and I'd like to add Steve Allen to the list that possible. Yeah, everybody likes Steve Allen till.
Yeah, until he became a curmudgeon and is a post TV days in a real prudish asshole, but I'll put him on there.
Great. How would you dare man? And you too. Thank you. Yes, Steve Allen. Everybody loved him.
And then unfortunately before he croaked, he decided to become one of those dictatorial sensorial.
Oh, everything is filthy and we got a sense of these words. Yeah, that was that was so sad. It became a goody two shoes. What happened to him?
He woke up on morning and realized it was married to Jane Meadows. Oh, after all those years, it suddenly dawned at him.
Unless he will always reminded me of being prudish and prigged, which means he was probably a wild bitch in bed, you know.
First of all, I'd rather not think about it. No, I'm serious. I think that men and women, I think the people who want to exterior, like while he's cocked, there's another guy.
You know, they made me, yeah, he was a fact, but the point being he was probably a wild child. How about Lassie?
It's just go arled and take GW with you from Mark. Thank you, Mark. How about Lassie? Well, that's not good. That would be given.
I mean, nobody don't like Lassie, right? Right. That would be too much of an egg for it.
How's the pull coming? Mad Dog is in the lead. He's kicking ass. 31 votes, Jim Mandage. Elvis 24, even Elvis can't catch the mad dog.
Fred Rogers 23, Johnny's Carson 20, Muhammad Ali 19, Bob Hope 14, Andy Griffith 9, Lucille Ball, Lucy and the Walter Cronkite 8.
Princess dies 7, Jacques Cousteau 6, Bob Barker 5. I'm going to have to get some airwark and stick it in here because the stentage of some of those calls, you know, starts permeating the walls of this room.
Good place for a stick up. Yeah. And most house. Oh, that's bad. Don't be saying that. But something to think about.
Here's a Pemberpine. So, Cermet the Frog. Yeah, Cermet the Frog. Cermet the Hermit. That's one of those guys that was just talking about.
Sounds really boring on the phone, but probably a wild child in the sack with his plastic amiga.
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Do you say Hollywood?
That's I think I just said Hollywood. I love the show. You make my day. Good. I love the CD to everybody should have to.
Right. I'm going to move for you, but I want to confirm something about the latest isolated incident involving a Catholic priest.
Yes. Did you say the father Johnson taught at the oratory prep school? Yeah. The alecoria prep school right? Yeah, oratory.
Okay. Just wanted to make sure that a really great performer. Everybody loved her. One of the funniest comedians in my era.
Guild of Ragnar. Oh, yeah. That's a great choice. In fact, why couldn't the villiana Rosanna, Danna? Why couldn't she even want to croak?
Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Good choice. Excellent. I love that. Thanks a lot, Pallee. Okay. But like the older Ragnar, nobody didn't like Rosanna, Rosanna, Danna. Right. Got it. But it'll, but I'll, I'll get it. Just thinking about that bitch.
Everybody with a brain hates that. I am from Ilya and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near okay. I'm gonna use the hour.
I'm actually she's rattling her spurt out of an old gut in, huh? Maybe they can like wave some, maybe they can rub their swastikers together.
Five oh, what is it? Huh? Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I started giving somebody's phone number up. That was bad.
Here's a four-letter deal. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How about big Wilson? Nobody didn't like hello big. I don't think that many people knew him. No, but I'll put him on there because he was a good guy. Well, like.
And did you read what that pot face geek said up in Chicago Tuesday night? Who's that Wayne Heizinger? No, he didn't say that he wasn't in Chicago. That's a, that's a rumor. It's untrue. It was in the paper today and.
But it's not true. It's not true. I talked to Humper. I told him to real story. He wasn't even in Chicago. Oh, Bernadino said that yesterday. Yes, the hopper yesterday. Well, he's a full of crap. Oh.
At least you believe who you want. You can believe Mike Bartadino who works for a crap newspaper at a Humper who knows his crap. Disconcert. No. Yeah, just picked up the CD from Miguel. All right. Thanks, pal. All right. You're a man. There you go. So we got at least 20 bucks. That's a good start. How much we got Miguel? Let's go. Let's get a crowd out there. Okay. An honor of our 1000th poll today. An honor of abandoning. Pair rescue and all this poor little animals. They're getting like abused and overlooked and being a crap dawn. And maybe they're doing a little crap at themselves, but they can't help it. Goes to the
territory. Hello, big. See, I don't know if I want to put him on there because we put him on there. See what I mean? I mean, like he wasn't really a major celebrity. This has to be like a national person. Okay. Okay. I'll put big on it. I'll take him on. No, because then we have to put Bill called around there and Mike Rinerian. You know, I just. Hello. Hello, big guy. Man, he was a hell of a guy. Boy, did he like to eat or what? He liked his food. I still can't get over that meal at the New York steakhouse. That I had many big meals there.
But boy, that one. Wow. Could he pack it away? He made fat boy and Josh Friedman and the beast combined pale and a win significance.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello. How about sunny Rosenberg? Yeah. There's a guy. Everybody loves you.
I'm a phone in. Another one. Yeah. Keep going.
Chris Hawk. How about the guy with the outhouse thing? Yeah. Good choice.
Never choice. Asphalt 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
How is it possible? Let me get two airwicks. One for the right speaker and one for the left one.
There you go. I'm seriously. I got to get two weeks. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, everybody.
Hello. Hello. Funny boy. Yeah. I haven't got your phone. Okay. Good.
Well, when you get a real voice call us back and speak to us in it. Okay. How's that sound?
Good. Good. Excellent. Oh, terrible. From little up in your town. 5 6705 60 pound 560.
They're full. Full minute amount today, man. Just the way we like them. Just like that.
They're exporting it. Here's a call from Benita Springs. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Is this Jerry? Jerry? No. John. Oh, same thing.
Okay. Well, we have a Jerry, but he just brings who faxes all the time. I thought maybe it was Jerry.
Oh, no, no, no, no. I never fax you. I had two for your poll and only one. Only one.
All right. We'll do one. I'm not the biggest fan, but I think universally Paul Harvey's probably got a lot of notoriety.
Paul Harvey. Good day. Okay. Thanks, John. Or whatever your name is Jack.
Oh, up the hill. Paul Harvey. Good day. Now put him on there. That's not me.
That'll be good for a hoot. I used to listen to Paul Harvey.
Of course. That's right. Because he used to be on a station until I'll never forget when we first went over to IOD
when they lured me away from Zeta, which of course was a world of Zara on both parts.
But when he finally got me out of there and they hired me and a little that I realized that that tended to
get involved the new hour from hell. What's that lasted less than a week?
Oh, Harvey. Remember that? Yeah. We had Paul Harvey. We had the Rick Weaver show. We had the news. We had, I mean, it was like a joke.
A joke. It was a disaster. It was like somebody had of course bill wise was the program director.
Do you remember what I want more on he was? That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Right.
And so I'll say this much. I saw Fus gave them a call and said, hey, get that crap off of there.
We're going to like a sue your ass. You do something. And they said, okay.
Okay. And they're all disappeared. Paul Harvey. And of course, all the old ladies calling in just like this guy from
somebody just brings an old lady calling in. Oh, where's our Paul Harvey? We don't want to hear this foul mouth son of a bitch.
We want to hear Paul Harvey and all the news. We want to hear the story behind the story and the rest of the story in the beginning of the story and the ass end of the story.
And they said, no, no. We want an audience with somebody under the age of 100 listening, not the Paul Harvey crowd.
12 minutes past noon. The reason Paul Harvey has been doing the show in his basement all these years, they can't get his ass out of there.
They feed him down there. He's kind of like Sheridan on passions. You know stuck in the pit. Sheridan by the way is still alive after days and days underwater.
He's still alive. You're watching that now, Scott. Drift dry. Yes. She's looking pretty good. In fact, she looks at note.
None the worse for where even after having been in a pit for weeks and weeks and weeks and being in the middle of all of that.
Well, you know, Washington where I don't want to say what she was in the middle of, but you can kind of like use your imagination.
All right. 12 13 at 5 60 WQM if you spent the last year avoiding mirrors, not because you're like a vampire like Bella, but because of the fact like Bella, I'm so.
But because of the fact that you don't want to see your ball spot, if you're like always kind of like look off to the side, because you don't want to see the reflection.
Here's the answer for Chuck Alphieri. He's got simply the best piece going in a business using the very latest technology.
Charlie came up with this natural here line system. And no matter how much you spend or where you go or what you pop in your post, you can't get a better looking head of here.
Then with Charlie's natural here line system, you have nothing loose beside that ugly shiny ball spot because like I always tell you, everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If you're not obsessed, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie give you a full refund. No questions.
You know who those people were just like just don't I mean Gary Sanders boyfriend. Call today. Be sure to mention the aridges.
You'll get $200 off on your record off the regular already low price and don't forget Charlie also services and repairs.
All types of hair systems. Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and always make some look a hell of a lot better too.
So call today. There's no obligation to give your free consultation and show you how great house and stationery how young and trim and VIMM and full of it.
They can make you look 1 800 321 24 13. That's the toll free number to call 1 800 321 24 13 or log under that prestigious website at Charles Alphieri.com.
Find and look all this is by city.
Radio's all yours now.
You win.
WQL.
Where the packet is.
If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you flip over real mod hits.
Not only does real mod hits give you more of that great mob music, but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits.
Like Luke of the ice picked theama getting his at the 106th Street Bobbyshop.
Forget about it.
Or who can forget.
Solid a fish getting the old piano wire across the trope.
If I remember correctly it was a B flat.
So what a real mob hits now if you know what's good for you just by dialing 1 800 butter being real mob hits.
Hey it's real.
Forget about it.
Come 18.
This is a faction some disgruntled employee over there at the magic one or 2.7.
Uh yeah leave us out.
Okay we realize Bob Hamilton is an asshole and they play like the same few songs.
About 30 man.
Over and over again, but who cares you know.
And that pathetic that they want to use me to vent their hostility.
We had a problem with our own.
We got enough fish to fry.
QA M okay.
We had enough fish to stir fry.
Dean holds 10 point lead over Carrie in New Hampshire over scary Carrie.
Howard Dean maintains a double digit lead over rival John Carrie.
New Hampshire pulled likely voters in the state's democratic presidential primary.
The pulled by American research group of Manchester, New Hampshire.
Show Dean the former Veronica of an early massachusetts senator.
Carrie 29% to 19.
The remaining candidates including newcomer Wesley Clark were in single digits.
29% still are undecided.
How do you like that?
10 point lead.
Way to go.
Dick Ebbhardt of Missouri and Jew Lieberman of Connecticut, 6% of peace.
Clark 5% Senator John Edwards of North Carolina, 3% who's going to have some dead people voting for him.
Carol Mosley brought in representative Dennis Cassinisio.
Well how one percent Al Sharpton has 0%.
Probably because in New Hampshire they ain't no dark folks.
While 9 and 10 in the pool said they were aware of Clark, almost half of the sample said they
don't run off above him to form an opinion even though he does have size 14 feet.
Oh that's Clark Kent.
Clark the retired army general was at 2% of September pool.
Now he's all the way up to 5% in the latest pool.
Almost 2.30 to 60% at a favorable opinion of Dean.
And Carrie the New Hampshire primers to set for January 27.
So I'm going to that far away is it.
Right.
No.
Remember December?
Monday, Tuesday.
Uh, was that 3.5 months or 2.5 months?
November, December, January, 3.5 months.
Not that bad.
When we start selecting our new president.
See one thing that they did discover that they're finally staring to
admit as if the electorate is pissed off and fired up.
And as a result a lot of incumbents are going to get their ass tossed out including W.
You know what I'm saying?
They're right.
The public is infuriated.
They're obsessed with their anger and hostility.
They're all the unemployment and the crappy economy.
And the, uh, all the kid.
Another American by the way.
Another American soldier died last night in the Baghdad.
Yeah.
Plus.
Plus they had another one of them incidents.
You know, another bomb kills 10 in Baghdad and diplomat shot to the violence.
Rock Baghdad this morning is 10 people were killed in the suicide bombing outside of police station.
In a separate incident, they Spanish diplomat shot to that outside his home.
And like I said, another American soldier killed overnight too.
Every single day one and a two with like a Lawrence Welk thing.
More and more dead bodies keep piloting up.
And then he then he's whipping out condolese there to try to give, you know,
rationalize why we're there.
We did the right thing and all this other book rep with his desperate PR campaign.
Anybody buy in her crap?
No.
No.
Crap is her middle name.
Some Nokia phones explored and burn users.
Get out.
Hell stinky Finland.
Nokia today pointed the finger at an unauthorized counterfeit batteries after another
of its phones exploded and burnt its user.
The third such case in two months, how come they say burnt instead of burned?
I don't know.
They finished?
Remember Linda Blair said it burned.
The third such case in two months and set original batteries sold,
but its phones were safe.
The world's largest mobile phone makers said earlier a young Vietnamese woman was hospitalized
with burns.
Oh, please restrain yourself.
After her mobile phone apparently exploded.
See Americans down on Nokia's a finished company.
We would have been American company like Motorola.
All of them Vietnamese are probably used to that anyway.
Oh no.
They would have been poor taste, but that probably would have been the edit.
Pretty funny though.
After all the people we slaughtered over there.
The incident follows two similar accidents in the Netherlands.
Needle-ons.
One last week in the other in August.
Fond and the latest Dutch incident which left a 15-year-old boy in the town of Hangelo with
legburns, that country's consumer watchdog said it would probe the case.
They're probing it.
You know them Dutch.
We don't have any information on what's the origin of the battery and the
Vietnam case.
Nokia mobile phones spokesman Kerry Tutti said.
Kerry Tutti.
But there has been a single case of an original battery exploding.
In other words they're trying to blame like bogus batteries.
Phones all the other crap.
It certainly couldn't be them.
Could it not?
No.
I have a Nokia phone.
Not those Nokia people.
Do you?
Do you?
Why are you going to get cancer of the earlobe?
Excellent.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT and T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
We're going to have a whole pile of good stuff here, but the calls are so good.
We ought to get them all in.
Who do you think is or was the most universally
liked celebrity?
See the reason that I like yesterday with that movie thing.
You notice there were just tons and tons of like real suggestions on there.
Because that's something they can sink their teeth into.
It was like murder and bloodshed and violence.
Stuff like that.
Like that.
But today we're asking something positive like who do you like?
And of course, you know,
Sunny Rosenberg's the person named most like in South Florida,
which should tell you a lot.
Jim Manditzo 38.
Fred Rogers 27, Elvis 26, Johnny Carson 23,
Muhammad Ali 20, 21, Bob Hope 17,
even Princess Die has 12.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Now, yes, sir.
How you doing, boss?
I'm doing great.
I got to, uh, somebody a suggestion for your poll.
How about Joe Dema-Joh.
Nobody didn't like Joe Dema-Joh,
except for the fact that he was a real skin-flint piece of crap,
but I'll put him on there.
Thank you, boss.
Thank you.
You too.
Joe Dema-Joh.
Oh, a lot of people hated him like poison.
Those pesky words.
I'll put him on there.
Jolton Joe, hit what?
Those pesky red socks.
Are you talking about Johnny pesky again?
He played before you were born.
He played that sound.
That's supposed to be like a little play on words.
Yeah.
pesky red socks.
Boy, is this got funny or what?
Is he a panic?
By the way, the Yankees are going down.
You're going down, man.
They're going down.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
They're going down.
Very likely.
That might pay attention.
It comes in tomorrow.
It's like I said, I think seven games,
which would be perfect.
Wouldn't that be great?
In a sunshine state?
Well, they're going to play the three games here,
so we're going to get our money anyway.
That's right.
They're going to play three games Friday,
Saturday and Sunday,
and then they go back to Wiggly Pigley Field for the last two,
which what kind of a...
I realize the travel thing,
but it's not exactly like a long schlep from Chicago to Miami.
I wonder if the garbage strike is over up there.
I don't know, and I really don't care to be honest with you,
because I can smell it.
And it's all coming from these calls,
is what most of it's coming from.
Forget about the garbage.
We got our own garbage problems.
And of course, we know his name, too.
Absolutely.
The moment.
The moment, in case you tune in late,
the moment's on everybody's...
Crapless today and forever.
He's burned his last little...
You know, there was like maybe a little piece of a bridge there,
probably on the right side of his push.
But he has burned his bridges with everybody else in a building,
and it's unanimous.
That's a teller.
Yeah, and I mean, how can you buy it 100 percent?
I'm gonna go on to quote, you know,
speak for anybody else,
but I know somebody can't stand him.
You know who it is?
Duck.
Yeah.
I don't want to look...
Well, I think the reason he didn't come in and see us this morning,
he was upset that we had that Arnold picture on our website.
He didn't say anything, but I just get the feeling.
He was like put off by that Arnold.
The woman in the hall, he was in some sort of a meeting or something.
With his penis hanging out there on our website,
which of course I don't know why ducks should be upset,
because I'm sure he's seen plenty before.
Before what?
Penises.
But I think that even Duff is probably like just grinding his teeth and
gnashing him over the fact that he would like something horrible to happen to him.
Like it hit by a Mack truck would be good.
Duff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Hollywood again.
Hello?
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got somebody for you, listen.
Go right ahead.
Frank Fennod Drop.
All right.
Okay, well if we can put Joe to Mazur one,
Eric, of course you'd never seen him together.
Two good Italian boys.
Two teleners, as they say.
Who says that, by the way, the Chinese use that term teleners?
Now I see none, not suds.
Oh, you know what?
Suds Coleman is Don Nots.
Get what?
What?
No way.
The same person.
You're wrong.
Don Nots has a pencil neck and buggy eyes.
I'm not talking about how he looks.
I'm just talking about the personality, the voice, everything.
He even sounds like him.
I was watching biography channel a couple nights ago and I was doing the viral Don Nots.
He suds Coleman, I'm telling you.
All right.
You ever seen it to him together?
No.
Same person.
I partied with both of them.
How about you, dude?
Don can suck a bomb.
Harry, Carrie and Santa Claus, well that's not get too carried away.
The fictional people, okay?
Like Harry, like Santa Claus.
Next to be putting God on there, you know what I'm saying?
No, God.
Uh, you want to put Harry, Carrie on there?
No.
I don't, Carrie.
No, no, no, put Harry on there.
I'm, well what's the point?
Most of our people, most of the audience, most of the world,
I even know who now I was.
He was like a local thing, you know?
Hey, Neil, fuck you.
Back at you.
By the way, have another one.
From 27 at 560 W2Q way,
I'm, hey, I'll tell you who everybody likes Tom Layman
and even Joe Prieto over at Halopodiac GMC.
What's not to like?
And right now they want you to know that the 2003 Neil Rogers
Blowout Sale is still going on at Halopodiac GMC.
Neil Deal number one, save up to seven grand
with the highest rebates of the year.
Plus get deep, deep, deep discounts
and all remaining 2003 models, including the UConn and the envoy Excel.
Neil Deal number two, get 0% financing for up to five years
and listen to this.
Right now at Halopodiac, you can lease yourself a fully loaded 2004
grand pre GT for the measly price.
It is 259 bucks a month for 36 months.
You get 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25 hundred bucks out of pocket.
It's an unbelievable, unbeatable deal.
And Halop's also got a great selection of the top certified PEO cars,
trucks, SUVs anywhere in the market.
And as far as credit is concerned, if you're worried, if you're panicky,
if you get like hyperventilating when you go into a car lot
because you're afraid they're going to check a blemish or two on your credit record
or maybe a whole bunch, have no fear because the guys in hell
on a work with you as close as possible to make sure you get a deal.
It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halopodiac GMC 134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US run across in the falls open every day, seven days a week.
Did I mention that my phone rang yesterday at two o'clock and it was Norma Kent?
That I'm here yet.
Don't call here Norma, you jackass, stop it.
For more information on the Neil Deal's called the Neil Deal hotline or call
Norma Kent, but anyway, the Neil Deal hotline in Halop is 1,883-4,
4211.
That's 1,883-4, 4211.
Don't forget all Neil Deal submitted to credit.
Proposied to the good folks at Halopod and Tails,
Halopodiac GMC who be professional grade.
We're sports radio 5cT, QAM.
Britians, done as dirt.
We need a leader who will give us back contrast.
Maybe it's time we had a president who's black.
No.
All right.
I have.
Okay, here's the fact that Jimmy Stewart and Harry Curie,
we're in a well-reduced time when I put in Harry Curie on there.
I just, I don't know.
You want to put him on there?
Put him on there.
All right.
You want to put him on there?
Sure.
Put him on there.
C-A-R-A-Y.
Let's at least discuss this spelling right.
And Jimmy Stewart, which has a good choice.
But then it says,
Mandage is great, but he's entirely local.
Incorrect because if you watch the NFL films in the highlights,
Mad Dog's voices all over the place, he's everywhere.
Even though, you know, everybody knows you're a Mandage.
Plus, he was a big star in the NFL.
He's not just a local personality.
He catched my drift.
Martin again?
You hear what I'm just saying?
I'm in a...
Yes!
Okay.
Because it says if he's included, people like Suds should be on list.
Listen, I love Suds.
But if we start putting all the local people on there,
it's not in the same category.
Jim Maddich was an NFL star.
He's known nationally.
He's on the NFL stuff when they use the audio all the time
from the dolphin games.
Everybody knows the old number 88.
Right?
He's even thinkin' on the 88s.
If we put Suds, then he got to put Bill Wilson,
Big Wilson and Bill Wilson and Bill Carter and Larry King.
And this one and that one, you know, Larry King.
Uh-huh.
I'm sorry.
5670560.
Bryant defense team could proceed straight to trial.
It says here on the full court press with Wolf Blitzkrieg,
who's doing a few Seagulls.
Do a little straight arming to the audience to support us afternoon.
Jim Maddich 40.
I mean, to take off the guy that's leading
would be absolutely inappropriate, don't you think?
Sure.
It would be inappropriate.
We're not going to do that.
Even though this guy did send two good choices, okay?
40 for the mad dog.
Fred Rogers 29.
Elvis and Muhammad Ali 27 of peace.
Now, I see great similarities there, you know what?
Johnny Carson 26.
Bob Hope 19.
Princess Die 16.
Andy Griffith of the Walter Cronkite 11.
And Lucy is just edging out Mickey Mouse right now.
He's got eight and she's got nine.
Good old Mickey.
He's starting to move up the ladder just a little bit.
I'll find it sooner or later.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
How's Miguel doing?
We get any updates.
Two out of report.
280?
Pretty weak.
Well, it's only a few in a little while.
280.
It's not good enough.
We want to get $1,000 today between now and two o'clock
or yours truly is going to be really pissed off, especially
on our 1000th pool anniversary on the show.
Is that a big deal?
No.
But let's make a big deal out of it.
Let's get a dollar for each pool.
And that's on the plan.
Okay.
$1,000 for a thousand pools for Cranowloud.
That's the least that they're worth.
It would seem to me.
So we got 280.
Let's get with it.
Miguel is in the QM van power sports
1090 West sunrise Boulevard and Fort Lauderdale.
Got all your best in the merchandise.
Even though I'm telling you they're going to be collectors
out of someday.
That's funny.
Mojave David Keychains.
And Mad Dog Keychains.
Oh right.
It really would be worth something because he's so
damn popular.
It's scary.
He's so hot you can't touch him.
And the first of a whole bunch of people that come by
if you make a donation to a band and pay a rescue
and get some of our merchandise.
We got tickets to the October Fest
at the German Club in Hollywood this weekend.
German American Club at the Choiming Club.
And we got eight per tickets for
Knights Panther Carolina Heracune.
Season open right to the end to center.
Any interest?
No.
I don't want to say anything
negative about the Panther organization before.
Are they desperate?
Maryland Monroe.
That's a good choice.
Right?
Got it.
Nobody in there.
Isn't it interesting that just four choices
back we had Joe Demaggio,
who's just on top of Maryland Monroe.
And I'm that's not the first time.
But it was, you know, I tell you,
it's beautiful that she was.
She, I don't know.
I've said this before.
She was married to Joe Demaggio,
Arthur Miller.
And who is the other one?
Wasn't there another one?
There was the first one who wasn't famous.
Oh,
ugly.
They were all not just ordinary ugly,
not just pedestrian ugly.
But I mean, really, really ugly and old.
Apparently she wasn't particular.
Was the popular.
She did the Kennedys.
Right.
She did anybody who would ask.
Really?
Yes.
Wow, damn it.
Yeah, I know.
What a shame for a lot of you guys.
That chance still around.
Well, of course you probably wouldn't look too good.
But Maryland Monroe, get her ass on list.
Now, was it just about to say something extremely important
only moments ago?
Then interrupted myself.
Something very important, George.
You're not keeping track.
We'll never have it now.
I want to pan through organization.
No, why don't you forget trying to forget?
No, but they're sending out like a season ticket orders
to my house.
I got the word yesterday of a packet.
Desperation with a whole bunch of not vouchers,
even but like tickets, actual tickets in the lower bowl.
For the LA Kings game like in section 107.
I think there were like six paratickets or maybe six tickets.
And if they're doing that with all the season ticket orders,
how many I think there were left?
About 30 minutes.
Season ticket orders.
They're just given tickets.
The way handover fisted.
Try to put some seats in the asses and the seats.
Here's the facts from Kyle who says,
don't know if you had him to pull.
How about Bill Clinton?
That's a good choice.
He's a celebrity now.
Right?
Right.
Look, I wrote Bill celebrity.
On my thing.
He's tutin' it.
Also, I was just in for a future pull.
How about so-called comedians who are not funny?
I like that.
That's good.
Thank you, Kyle.
Also, I nominate for that pull,
Tom Arnold, Martin Lawrence, and Chris Tucker, it says.
And go Panthers.
Kyle's a Panther fan.
Let's hear it for Kyle.
We got somebody who cares.
Not too many.
I think there could be a death of asses and no seats this season.
I hope that I'm wrong, but it's not looking to promising.
I'll be there.
Yeah, you'll be there because you got three tickets, asshole.
That's why.
If you had a pay, would you be there?
No chance.
Oh, that's right.
I hear the word.
I'm here.
It is that you've got a bunch of free tickets.
And what we're going to do is give away,
when you pick that stuff up.
Yeah.
There'll also be those LA kings, the tickets that they send us for free.
I'll give those away any year.
Remember the Triple Crown Line?
What are you talking about?
The Triple Crown, Crown Line for the kings.
No.
If Pisco Payons outraged by you,
what you know about hockey,
I could stuff in Moes' ass and have room for his peace left over.
Okay, don't start with his hockey trivia crap with me.
Okay, Mr. Hatchrod?
Who's the backup goalie for the Panthers now?
Who cares?
Yeah.
If Pisco Payons outraged by the US Church's election
of a gay busier prepared a request asking worldwide,
Anglican primates to intervene and urd primates,
I was just going to say,
wow.
And urd church members to stop funding the denomination.
Speakers at a conference of more than 2700 conservatives
described the Episcopal Church's liberal policies on homosexuality as
pericy and apostasy and participants are planning a vote today
on a formal appeal to the International Anglican Communion.
Those attending the three-day meeting organized by the conservative
American Anglican Council submitted responses yesterday
to a proposed draft of a declaration from the meeting.
Leaders were to rewrite the document overnight for endorsement before departing today.
We plan to send a very queer,
the Sussex mentioned to Episcopal Church asking to repent and reverse these actions
said the Reverend David Rosbury of Plano.
Plano text is a matter of these related to Rick Plano from that track out there in Sacramento.
What is it called in beer?
And convention in Minneapolis,
the some of the Church confirmed that the election of a gay
bishop living with his partner and vote to recognize that his bishops
are allowing a blessing ceremony for same-sex couples.
There's another great line in here somewhere that's hysterical.
I can't find it though.
Episcopalians play the cash card, it says.
Is that embarrassing or what?
Yes.
For many Episcopalians,
Anxed is mixed with uncertainty as they await the world primates guidance.
They're waiting guidance for primates.
Maybe precious on passions will give them the word.
You think?
Come on, precious.
What do you say, sweetheart?
Oh, there's Greg again.
Another guest appearance by Greg Reed, our fearless leader.
So Duff is in a meeting.
He's holding his meet again.
He was earlier.
He's out and about now.
He's out and about.
He's out?
Well, I'll be damned.
Let's hear it for good old Duff Lindsey.
What do you say?
Big hand for Duff.
Yeah.
He's out and about.
Maybe he and Clarencer are like putting their heads together.
Twenty-two one at five,
sixty-two WQM we get the mad dog at two.
The wildly popular, the amazingly astonishingly popular gym manager.
Everybody loves him.
They want a piece of him.
You got the Humper and Eddie K.
at Carter the Seff noon, four to seven.
With a really tough assignment again.
Pensionary lunch on him.
Believe me, you need to want to promote your ticket to cash.
Every ticket always works that way.
Seven o'clock you got the Panther preview.
Seven thirty, the Panthers host the Carolina Heracones
and the Macarena set you in the center.
Any interest?
No.
And Eddie K. after the game again.
And overnight we don't know because Clarencer
didn't bother to put it on the schedule.
I guess that was his way of protesting against the really low numbers
that Julian Marke get an overnight.
Hey, speaking of Pension Your Guts Out,
Attention Horse Racing fans.
Pompato Park kicks off its 40th anniversary season
tomorrow Friday October 10.
The track will feature top-class night time horse racing
and high stakes poker.
The new post time will be 7.05 for the first harness race
and poker room will be open from noon to midnight.
Every day we have live racing at Pompato Park.
Pompato Park is also open seven days
the night's a week with Simon Casting.
The best in Harness, Thurber, and Highlight action
fall across North America for you to watch and wade you on.
Look out for Irvey Filion and he's doing it again.
And don't forget that general park and admission
are always free at Pompato Park.
New this season, a 20% increase in purses,
a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher
and a revamped free power play rewards program
that gives you points either for betting the horses or playing poker
that you can redeem for special gifts
and betting vouchers later on.
And opening night tomorrow night October 10,
the first 500 fans age each 18 and older will get a free $2
pick for a wager special dollar night for Verisoda's hot dogs
in Mortemore and it's also family fun night
with free mini horse rides and face painting.
A live radio broadcast by some bogus radio station
and free drawings to get into a money machine
with a $1,000 inside or you can win
C escape dinner cruise tickets as well.
So lots of reasons for you to get out there
for opening night tomorrow night.
And also you can reach for the Marlins
and watch the games Friday and Saturday
on any of their thousand TV sets all around the track.
Pompato Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard
on Powerline Road for the new race schedule
or the Simon Casting schedule go on
web at PompatoPark.com or call 954-972-2000.
Don't forget Pompato Park with its 40th anniversary
season starting tomorrow, Friday, October 10.
And by the way,
Duff, get off this instant or else.
C-9 and Low, this is 420 of Ice-A-P-2-A-M.
Peace, a sense of well-being, a sense of self-worth.
It comes from the inside out.
It doesn't come from the outside in.
Dr. Phil, just read up a little warm.
Yes.
That's crazy.
Do your eyes do that, Dr. Phil, try.
Do the sun love your own fan.
What makes you think that you do have the right
to judge him for getting a few palli,
putting into my mind and telling him here?
I can feel him in folks' side fights
while he screams at four housewives
about eating more than every human show.
Dr. Phil, please just hang it down.
Your freaking self is clown.
Try to handle things like your friend or bro.
That's crazy.
Dr. Phil, stop.
The retired go away.
Dr. Phil, stop.
Uh-huh.
Just leave and take your sun, J.
1246 at 560 WDQM.
Anyway, uh, if a lot of the people on our audience,
if they went to a restaurant, you know,
if I finally told them where there was a restaurant,
teeth in Vegas, in Vegas, there were any place else.
Uh, and they went in a restaurant.
They would bring a menu.
And the waiter or waitress would come with their little pad
and say, okay, man, I think you're ordering.
They'd say, I'll have the surloin steak medium well.
I'll have the spaghetti with meat sauce.
I'll have the shatterbri on medium rare.
I'll have corn on a cob and then I'll have uh, uh,
bake the Alaska.
And I'll have uh, you know, and they would read off like a whole list
of about 15 different things.
Thought I'd want them to say, right?
Because I'm looking at this latest and gene,
gene Rogers who uh, with all due respect usually faxes
and makes some sense, especially with that last name.
Ew, good.
But uh, here's my four choices.
None of which make any sense at all.
But I mean, you know, probably maybe Milton Burl does.
That's for old Farts.
Hey, he did Maryland.
Let's uh, take, how do you know that?
She told me.
Oh, Bill Clinton doesn't belong on here.
Okay, we see that the audience, this is our one thousandth pool.
And unfortunately, this audience won't allow us to do
with the way it's supposed to be done.
Hit him off of there.
It's my badge.
Okay, I should never have allowed that.
He's not a celebrity and he wasn't.
I mean, he is in a way, but he's not really a celebrity.
We're not putting political figures on there.
We're not putting small time local figures on there.
Nobody outside of south Florida, uh, north of Palm Beach County knows.
Okay, you got it?
You got it?
No, I didn't think so.
God.
I mean, some of these names that are coming up here,
but again, it's your opinion.
That's to kill some good time.
That's what we're here for.
How are we doing out there with Miguel?
280 a little while ago.
Do we got now 300?
300?
Yeah.
And I'm done.
Period.
All right.
I'll do it.
You're about to be like, you're the way you ended that light.
You're going to say 300, but there's a line of 15 people.
Or is it like that?
Like, buts.
Power sports, 1090 West sunrise,
Boulevard and four, Lauderdale.
That's where I'm telling you something.
And then of course, Norma Kenyza,
Oh, well, I heard, I heard some of what you said about how hard it is
to raise money this year for charity.
So maybe we'll forget the bobble head dolls for now.
Yeah, forget it for now for next circus forever.
You jackass, you manipulator, you user, you phony,
and don't you ever ever give my phone number out again to anybody.
Just because we both gave him head one time years ago.
Okay.
Are you idiot?
400 and one pair of hockey tickets.
What?
400 and one more pair of hockey ticks.
Oh, 400.
So all but one of the hockey up here is their guns.
We have one pair left of tickets for the Panther Carolina
Hurricane game tonight at the Macrivin.
Well, 400 ain't that bad.
And then about 45 minutes, right?
Right?
We could make a thousand still.
I mean, the way you said that before,
that was like an earlier report.
Let me say it again.
1090 West Sunrise Boulevard and four Lauderdale power sports.
That's where you'll see the QM fan.
The lovely McGill will be.
And they're just seeing him.
Should be.
We should charge for that.
Even always a little dense.
Jim Mandage 47.
Who do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity?
The mad dog, the angry puppy, the hostile hound.
47 who also hates more like poison, by the way.
Fred Rogers 31.
Muhammad Ali has got.
About third man.
Elvis 27 Johnny Carson 27.
Bob Hope 20.
Princess Diane over here 18.
Walter's Cronkite has got 13.
Andy Griffith 11.
Lucy 10.
And everybody else single digits.
Even Mickey.
Well, I should mention this earlier.
Somebody thanks to seeing yesterday.
And I wanted to mention this several times today.
But I won't, I'll mention it once.
Because sometimes they're really disappointed.
You know, front line on PBS.
And they get the big hoop line.
It's going to be a big expose.
And then you watch it.
It's the same old crap that we already know.
Especially us.
Since they're those of us on this program,
associated with it and involved with it.
Who like put the bedtime stories on there.
Maybe actually even read them.
Anyway, tonight on PBS.
Truth, war and consequences on front line.
Let me just read a little bird here.
It says, now I don't want to read that part.
In truth, we're consequences tonight at 9 p.m. on PBS.
Frontline losses its new season with a 90 minute report
by correspondent Martin Smith, who explores the underlying story
of why US went to war in Iraq.
What went wrong with the planning for the post-war occupation?
And what is it's stake for both the US and the Iraqis?
The ones who are still alive.
In interviews with key players in Baghdad and Washington,
Smith probes the fierce internal battles
between the Pentagon and the State Department
and CIA over the intelligence justifying the war
and over the shape of post-Satim Iraq.
Smith, have we found the Saddamia by the way?
Osama Yamama Mula Bula?
Smith co-produced their Marsella Gavarilla.
Gavarilla and Cameron Scott Anger also offer intense
underground footage revealing some of the disturbing realities
of the US-led occupation.
On our website following the broadcast,
we'll feature extended in-depth interviews
from the program with Elp Hall Bremer,
Ahmed Chalabi, Richard Purole,
oh, Jay Garner, Khan Anmakia, Richard Hanz,
and others including Lieutenant James G. Conway,
Ayyad Aida, also feature web exclusive videos
with former Clinton and Bush administration
on Void James Dobbins,
on America's nation-building record,
it will legal Scarra Scott or Noah Feldman,
Oy!
and advisor on the new Iraqi constitution
about Islam and democracy in Iraq in the Middle East.
That's tonight at 9 o'clock, 90 minutes on PBS,
check your listings for Station Up Your Ass.
There you go. Got it?
Got it.
Thanks, Michael, for the tip off on it,
because otherwise I would have never known,
and you wouldn't have either,
and neither would have any,
but it was just like watching small girl last night,
which was very entertaining and very good,
and Clark had a big thing branded on his chest.
It burned!
No, I did not, actually.
Did it?
Yeah, but he got the hurt.
He took a slow burn as what I heard.
How about George Burns?
There you go.
I like that.
How about him?
I know, that was the, what a segue that was.
George Burns,
Gracie Stoos and George Burns.
Actually, I smoke.
Bert Soakham, he got him.
George Burns belongs on her,
because he, you know, even though he's been dead a little while,
even contemporary people,
people on the age of 100,
like maybe over 30, man.
They know from all those old God and, uh,
they're old God.
All those other movies he did.
And then of course,
us old parts, remember the Burns and Alan show,
and they're adopted son, Ronnie Alan,
who probably ought to be about what,
90 now?
Every Ronnie Alan?
No.
Of course you don't.
How about Alan?
I do.
I remember him very well.
Oh, listen to this.
Senator Orin Snacks wants to terminate
the constitutional prohibition against foreign
born citizens such as Arnold Schwarzenegger
and others from becoming president.
The article two of the Constitution says
that no person except the natural born citizen
or a citizen of the west of the town
of the adoption of this constitution
shall be eligible to be orifice of the president.
But,
Hatch is seeking to amend the constitution
to remove the ban,
allowing anyone who's been a citizen of the
west for two decades to run for the country's
highest orifice.
This response has become an
anachronism that is decidedly un-american
Snacks, the chairman of the
Senate Judiciary Committee,
one-time presidential candidate
and long-time fascist,
said what he introduced the change last week.
But retired University of Alabama,
history professor,
fourth McDonald said the prohibition made sense
when it was included in the constitution
and I'm not sure the reasoning
is entirely outdated, he'd be saying.
He said that 15 years before the constitution
was written, foreign operatives from Russia,
pressure and Austria, Austria, oh my god,
conspired to get a favorable monarch
elected to lead Poland.
Once in place the country was divided
up among the three powers,
the American fathers were acutely sensitive
to the prospect of McDonald's,
said he said it's unlikely,
although not inconceivable
that something like that could happen today.
His other argument against the amendment
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The Terminator star has been flirting
so this is an old thing.
When the hell is this from?
Flirting with running is Republican
for governor of California.
McDonald said I'm scared of the man.
He was born in Austria.
Had spokeswoman Margaret Tapia
said the bill wasn't crafted to help Arnold,
it was a policy judgment.
It wasn't associated with any particular individual.
Arkansas represented,
if it's that or Democrat,
is sponsoring a similar version in the house
that would require foreign foreign citizens
to wait 35 years before becoming president.
Representative Barney Fag of Massachusetts,
Spontard and Constructural Amendment
during last Congress
didn't make it to the House to the judiciary committee.
How do you like that?
How about Bernie Fag for president?
What are you saying?
No.
Huh?
Let's take our being can help it.
Oh, guess what's coming out today?
Finally besides,
stuff.
I give a...
Oh, that books?
What's that?
Oh, I thought you were telling that they got
the new Al Franken book.
The new Al Franken book?
Lies down there.
There is no new Al Franken book.
You mean the new Michael Moore book?
Oh, that one.
That's one of them.
No, that came out yesterday.
I'll figure what starts tomorrow
since you're like getting all around this,
kill Bill.
Oh, yeah.
You're interested in that.
I don't know.
It's supposed to be the most violent movie ever made.
Why do you ask my interest in that?
Have you got a bootleg copy or something?
No, yeah.
Oh.
Why do you ask it that way?
Because it didn't seem like your bag.
Well, I mean, it's being highly touted,
obviously,
and everybody's in an upper abiot
that's the most violent
and the fact that they're saying,
oh, I'll leave you in the kids
like this.
Not the little kids,
but like teenagers and so on.
Quentin Tarantino saying that.
And everybody's up in arms
and all bent out of shape,
which of course will get a lot more people to go see it.
I'm not saying I'm going to go over
and run right out and see it tomorrow,
but I just mentioned for a lot of people,
a lot of our sadistic people on the audience,
people look like train spotting
and the bed spotting and bed wedding,
but they killed Bill as out in the theaters tomorrow.
They're anything wrong with promoting that.
And you're talking about,
dude, where's my country?
The new Michael Moore book,
which came out yesterday.
Ted, there you go.
It's party time for the nation's money makers.
The redesign $20 Bill's reached the public today.
All right.
This morning, $19 billion worth of new notes
went into circulation.
Some 20% of the total value of all $20 Bill's.
As early as six this morning,
armor trucks were delivering them
to the Federal Reserve vaults,
the commercial banks all across the USA.
Meanwhile, the Fed and its Bureau
of Engraving and Printing the BEP
are holding a nationwide series of publicity events,
part of a $33 million campaign
to let the world know the new bills are legit.
We're spending $33 million to say,
hey, you see these pink bills here?
Pink.
That's because we got a lot of fags
down there, flexion their muscles.
They're flexing it like Arnold.
And as a result, we better cave in.
33 million let the world know that these,
they see they call them peach,
but you know what they are?
They're pink.
Pinky.
Bunnies.
Now, isn't it Andrew Jackson who's on a $20 Bill?
Yep.
Who's on the $3 Bill?
You, Paul End.
$5670560, $560 on the AT&T,
I'd be honored to be on the $3 Bill anytime.
$1257 at $560 WDQA.
Attention audio mortgage shoppers out there.
The following message could save you a lot of cash.
Actually, tens of thousands of dollars.
Infrastrates for home loans are shooting up like crazy,
but they're still interest rate available at just 1.95%
from our friends at Financial Group.
Call 1-800-940-Lend
and be sure mention the Todd Direct told you to call them.
It's true the economy is changing.
So even if you're thinking about refinancing your home,
or you want to move up to a better real estate investment,
that's what you ought to be doing right now.
By the way, an American dollar is worth a crap.
The euro is up to like $1.17 and something.
Oh my god.
Call Financial Group at 1-800-940-Lend
with 1.95% financing, you'll get payments
like you never dreamed of.
If you take $100,000,
your payments are a mirror, $368 a month.
If you have a $200,000,
your payment will be $736 a month.
So call Financial Group right now
and get yourself that low, amazing astonishing.
Nearly too hard is going to be true.
1.95% interest rate and savings,
mid-load of cash.
Don't forget, interest rates are climbing,
so hurry and get in on this right now.
Low 1.95% financing with Financial Group.
Call them toll free 1-800-940-Lend
that's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
they're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply rates up to
the change monthly 5.19 APR.
Line line and local,
here's Sports Radio 560,
she went UAM.
But it's the one to two hour.
You've seen E, wild on Miami.
You've seen E, wild on the Riviera.
Well now, get ready for the wildest wild on ever.
As E goes wild on Ethiopia.
Be there as E parties Hardy at Ethiopia's hottest spots.
How hot are they?
Try 130 degrees.
And you won't want to miss our very own
Chouls Asner, as she gets down and dirty
with the hottest partyers Ethiopia has to offer.
So what do you people love so much about Ethiopia?
Oh, hungry.
Oh, hungry for a party.
Oh, woo!
Oh, Ethiopia.
Ah!
That's E, wild on Ethiopia.
This week on E Entertainment Television.
Because we're not running out of ideas.
We're just running out of good ones.
Let me ask you something.
What happened to Jim Manduach?
Why did the mad dog just disappear off the pool?
I give up.
What is that all about?
I said, get Bill Clinton off of there and instead,
he takes off the mad dog.
Oh my god, Eric, what in God's name has, uh, what is
that all about?
I don't know.
Ready for that?
Shocking.
This is our 1000th pool and Eric is dicking with it and the pool too.
Get that back on it.
I have no idea what he had before.
So it just totally throws us off.
A bunch.
I think we go home right now.
Anyway, here's this facts from one of our listeners.
Before that,
yes, 420 and no more hockey tickets.
Yeah, some others, the 20 bucks was in exchange for, uh,
whatever merchandise and also the last three hockey tickets.
So now that there's no more free hockey tickets,
that'll be the end of our fundraising for this next hour.
Is that what you're trying to break to me gently,
along with the fact that mad dog just disappeared off our pool?
Yeah, okay, sure.
Was leaving hands down?
Anyway, this facts about Bob Keeschen, Captain Kangaroo,
and the fact that he was a warrior, oh, and yoddy, yoddy, yoddy.
But anyway, the other interesting part, Mr. Rogers,
Fred Rogers, was the US Navy seal,
combat proven in Vietnam, with over 25 confirmed kills to his name.
He wore a long sleeve sweater to cover the many tattoos on his forearm and biceps,
a master in small arms than hand-to-hand combat,
able to disarm or kill in a heartbeat.
He hid that away in one of our hearts with his quite wit and charm.
Now that's a real shocker, ain't it?
Yeah, it is. I'm glad I didn't call him a fag to his face.
Good got all my idea. I better put on my blue blockers because that's a real shocker.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, to be out, 420 bucks for a band and pet rescue out there at the
power sports, 10, 90 West Center, Iced Boulevard, and 4 Lauderdale is pretty damn weak,
pretty embarrassing.
To say that this is a difficult year raising money for charity is like saying that
the president's a moron. It goes without saying.
So I don't even know how to give the result of this pool because it's like,
Eric has just left me hanging over here.
Jim Mandage will be put up back.
Oh, he just reappeared here with his foot.
Well, why did he disappear?
He thought that was the local guy who wind off the pool.
Didn't I go through a long, I realize he can't listen every minute because he's got
very important eating. I mean, business to do, but
did not go through a long, excruciating explanation of why he's not just a local person?
Why, yes, you did.
Yes, I did.
Jim Mandage 47, Muhammad Ali 34, Fred Rogers 32.
Who do you think is or was the most universally the liked celebrity?
Elvis 29, Johnny's Carson 27.
Here's Bob Hope 23, Princess Dine 19,
Walters Cronkite 14, Andy Griffith 12,
Lucy 12, Jacques Hustow and Mickey Mouse are tied,
not a piece. I think that's appropriate.
And Bill Clinton is the one I said get off it and he's got seven votes.
Get him off it. He's not a celebrity.
Okay? He ain't no celebrity.
And Mother Teresa was she a celebrity?
Get her off it or two.
See, I'm letting these people suck me into bullcrap.
It's one thing we can get started in, but yeah, I'm letting them suck me into bullcrap.
I don't even want to make a recent up along on there.
Neither does Bill Clinton for crying out loud.
Celebrity, she wasn't a celebrity.
She was celebrated.
She was celebrate.
Did she do that song?
We just want to celebrate the fact that all these unwanted babies are being born
and people are dying over here.
And speaking of dying, you notice that she died the same weekend as Princess Dine.
And of course the church was filming at the mouth because Dianna wasn't
Catholic. Was she?
I don't think so.
No, church of England.
So she got all the publicity and for Mother Teresa, she got squat is what she got.
She got a few extra wrinkles that last trip in at the Pope's Mobile.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Hope you have a great day.
Listen, I'd like to discuss a couple things you've been talking about.
First and foremost, I got to agree with you.
Those Yankees, I can't wait until they get beat.
I'm trying to see Steinbrenner with his damn turtle neck,
sweaters on and always be talking about his coaches.
And the other thing?
I'd like to see them out today and get some new blood in there.
Now second of all, let's go to the Muscrat Moe.
I want to be the first person to volunteer on 441 and I vary and sit there with your petition,
but a Muscrat must go petition.
What do you think about that?
I like it. You're hired, man.
And we'll see there tomorrow morning at 6 o'clock.
The Muscrat must go.
Goodbye to Moe, right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, get rid of them.
Time to go Moe.
It's that time you've, you've, uh,
bro, you've burned all your bridges.
You have absolutely none of that, even the ones in your mouth.
And that's, uh, that's it.
It's the end.
Go Moe.
You're useless.
Go Moe.
Go far.
We're packing sandwich.
Okay.
We'll pack his, uh, slame on rye with little mouse turned on it and get the
out of our purse.
We hate you.
You've turned on your buddy for real.
I warned for real.
You know, he wouldn't listen to me.
He's trying to be a nice guy.
You know, he's trying to like, uh, you know, get along with everybody.
And I'll say for the umpteenth time, if it was just me,
if it was just George,
if it was just people associated with the show, we'd say,
oh, well, you know, it's us.
It's a personal thing.
It's not.
It's business and it's personal with everybody.
From the mad dog who gets, uh,
of course, has to put up with his crap on those dolphin broadcasts and believe you
mean too happy about it right from the get go wanted.
Vilsim for to stay on air and rightfully so.
To the Humper who despises this man like poison.
And to this day still, uh,
tells that story about New York Prime and all the other things.
And about how the fact that Moe went in there,
expecting them to kiss his ass while he is,
which is why they knocked him on, he knocked him on the year.
And on and on it goes, it's never going to stop until this,
until this company has got the balls to finally say,
goodbye Moe.
Here's a check.
We wish, you know, make a settlement with the attorney, pay his ass off,
and get a sorry ass out of there, okay?
See, they're keeping them in there now and he knows not only because of that
extortion about his, uh, time being change,
but also because of the fact that all this for real business.
So he's relishing it, man.
He's loving it. He's eating it with relish.
He's even got relish under his muskrat is what I'm hearing.
He's reveling in everybody else's misfortunes when he was trying to get George Can,
when he was trying to get me with that kind of Lisa business,
when he was involved, he had his finger in all of it, okay?
I'm telling you, he's got his finger in all of it.
You can smell it. That's right.
And everybody in that building out of the votes in yet,
do we have all those little slips of paper?
Oh yeah, yeah.
100 votes we took.
Every one of them, 102, oh, nothing.
Say goodbye to him, okay?
Recall.
Even Arnold and when you're an animus, even Cruz Buscimante,
Acelia guys, whatever name I've got to go for votes.
Right.
But not the moment.
He's got the big zero.
They'd rather have Joseph Gacchi on a morning show five days.
They'd rather have God, they're my dead man and they're doing it.
They'd rather bring back the worst team, Joe and the D-fo and the
Galdemyster, or least Joe and D-fo.
Anything.
Because if this man winds up stabbing a far out totally in the back and helps
to push his ass out the door so we can weasel his way back in or six tonight
and I don't have to get his ass out of it three o'clock in the morning, no more.
And then we get those.
And especially on the heels of these
putrid Paul three numbers, he said, you know what?
Right.
Now keep in mind that a week from today,
next Thursday, October 16 at 1 p.m.
That's D-Day.
D-Day?
That's D-Day that the book come out.
The summer book.
And of course a couple of days following that we're like Monday and Tuesday.
The following week that's when we'll know the hour by hour.
The hour of power who gets to take the shower with a mad dog.
Stuff.
Probably.
Here's a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
What's there in Toronto?
Wonderful.
And they've changed that money.
You know, those gay dollars are very strong.
Yeah, what can we do for a sir?
How you doing, then?
You know, it's amazing with this most thing.
How does a guy come into a market and just alienate everybody?
I mean, you know, when you start out, so.
He's got a lot of practice.
He's done it everywhere.
He's ever worked.
They all hate him at Westwood one in New York.
Everywhere he's ever been.
They hate him like poison.
I mean, he's never been.
Yeah, it's like Alex Benning.
Alex Benning.
It seemed like the good humor man, like Mr. Rogers.
Speaking of Arnold, did you happen to catch our friend Alice
on TV the other night?
No, I did not.
The night news?
No, I did not.
He looks like, remember that the thunderbirds, the puppets,
the little mannequins?
No.
The little cartoon show.
No, I don't.
Well, listen, show how do I do it.
Okay, have a good time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&C.
And Verizon, Marla Slenders, more people on this audience
would rather hear about buddy Bullmar Bowling
than what I've been telling you who he's just talking about.
Let's do for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I got you.
Okay, sir.
You're both all right.
David Haselhoff, your favorite in mind.
Everybody likes David Haselhoff?
Yeah, you know?
If they're German.
I driver.
Come on.
Hey watch.
Oh my god.
Have a good day, Palli.
The answer is no.
Absolutely not.
If I went on a street right now and said,
what do you think of that David Haselhoff
from Game Watch?
Did I f-
Oh my god.
Even these polite conucks would say f-
F-
G-
Even a-
Even a Chinese here would say f-
That's right.
Oh, there's Sigrid Fischbacher.
I think.
Maybe another one.
I don't want to say that I'm starting to get a little bit paranoid
but everybody in their brother is German now.
We got the German American Club that October Fest, right?
And we got Sigrid Fischbacher and we got our old and
it seems like everybody looked at his more trimmings
of March and around and people with little mustaches
it's in Vogue again.
They have vez.
Da.
That's what I heard.
Look at that.
Uh, mad dog is right there on top with 48 votes for.
He is- he's just in the league of his own.
He's all by himself.
293 votes and none for Joe Damage,
which was a silly choice.
None for Sinatra.
None for Harry Scary.
None for Marilyn Monroe or Steve Allen.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
That's pretty interesting.
Huh?
Good about that Steve Allen thing.
Yeah, because he turned into a real asshole
and there was no bigger-
there was no bigger Steve Allen fan in the world
than yours truly.
Back in the great days
when he was at the tonight show and then of course
his Sunday night show, which was a panic
with Don Nots and Louis Nye and uh,
Dayton Allen and Tom Poston,
that I mentioned him.
Not all of those people.
It was great.
It may have been the best show that was ever on a history.
But then in his later years as he became a little bit
the hardening of the artery sets in and the sininality
and the waking up next to that snooty bitch.
But I was- she always talks like she's, you know,
looking down at everybody, condescending bitch.
Jane Moe.
Was her name Jane Seymour?
Meadows.
Jane Mero.
It ought to be meadows.
We liked- see me like the Audrey.
She was on a honeymoon as we loved Audrey Meadows.
Right.
But he picked the wrong one.
He was married to Jane who was a real snooty bitch.
But like I said, probably used to make a lot of noise
in the sack when she was picking it.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQAM.
I'm a started reading this story about
Iowa police disappearance on suicide pact.
Don't let me forget that.
Don't forget.
And then we got the Muslim doll
offers a modest alternative to Barbie.
Maybe they're going to friar on the Barbie.
Down under.
Hey, I want to take a place that's really great
that everybody don't- don't have nothing bad to say about.
In other words, they love it.
And that's brandy shoes and pompano beats.
For over 25 years, they've been cranking out the best shoes
on your feet, going in a world.
They got all the top names.
Floreshine, SAS, Rockports, Echoes, Clarks,
Mephisto, Timberland, all of the names.
And of course, even Tom Walling could shop there
with his big gigantic gargantuan,
Platy Pupa.
What does she call it again?
What item of pus?
Tatum of pus size feet.
They got men size six to 15, women's five to 12,
and women's from the very narrow to the very, very
platinum of pus wide.
And of course, you always get a perfect fit
because they have friendly,
inausible people who work at Brandys
will make sure that you get a perfect fit every time
you won't walk out of there like that guy
and like, has your fall like the bugger.
So if you want to take your feet for a real treat
and do the other thing too,
this is the place.
Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway,
pompano beats, open daily nine to nine,
Sundays 10 to five.
And all this week, it's still going on.
It's the big red tag sale at Brandys.
This week, take 50% off on all famous brand names
shoes with a red tag.
Come in to the store or visit them on the web at BrandysHews.com.
It's my turn.
And look, this is for real by 16.
The way you weigh in.
The meeb, the glob, okay?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends
knew their Bible verses better?
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of YouSync, My Martyr,
comes again the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion.
Crucifixion is not just fun to play,
but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible.
And the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful.
If you pick a wrong letter,
your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll take a guess.
Um, how about a kid?
Nope, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest,
everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store
and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll,
nails in a tiny spear,
fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a parodic of Trinity Brothers.
All right.
Once in a few, I wonder how Daniel called
a creature to his speed of Trinity broadcasting.
Iowa police hit parents on suicide, pack.
Parents of nine high school students
were awakened before dawn by police officers
sent to warn them of a suspected suicide pack
involving their children
a week after a classmate hanged them so.
Police said the tales of these suspected
plan, including how the students
would have committed suicide
and whether they planned to do it all at one time
or one place were not known.
And the pack may have not been developed that far.
Lincoln high school principal Al Graziano.
I wonder if he's kind of rocky, you think?
Nope.
So the student was over her talking about
suicide Monday night and later told authorities
that others were involved.
Officers went to each students
home early Tuesday.
Many of the five girls and four boys
involved were freshman or sophomores.
Police said all were friends of William
Mezger, Jr. 15-year-old boy who hanged
himself last week following a car crash
that killed three of his friends
September 23rd.
Maybe that's something that Danny
heathley ought to be thinking about.
And see, of course, the family of Dan Snyder
all saying now that Elmaira Ontario
descend, oh, we want him to be at the funeral
which he will tomorrow.
And we forgive him and it was just, you know,
just a bad break.
All this other stuff.
But if I were him, I would Danny
would seriously think about putting that
thing to my head.
Wouldn't you?
Who?
Yeah.
Muslim doll offers modest alternative
to Barbie.
Here we go.
Here's good news for all those repressive
old repressed packets out there
who want more repression and repression
and repression and repression.
What a smother.
I'm so happy that you finally told me that
Duff, good.
Oh, that was bad.
Well, I had something on top of the pot.
Like I said, I'm so happy you told me that
finally had the balls today.
And the word is he wasn't upset about the
fact we put Arnold's naked picture on a
website.
He was upset that it was so small.
The picture?
No.
The penis.
Anyway, we got Arnold naked with a towel
there on the, now what are we going to do
about that?
One with the, the penis with the cup head
on.
Are we putting that on there or not?
Oh, I just said that to you.
I didn't send that to Eric.
I just thought you'd get a kick out of that.
Well, I don't think we would, this audience
want, it's a very ugly fat penis too.
I think, I don't know.
I'm not, they're all ugly.
As far as most of us as it is now.
No, no, I don't think so.
Not your own.
Your own is never ugly.
Oh, yeah, sometimes too small or whatever.
But this one happens to be an especially
grotesque penis with a little tiny
cup head on it.
On its head.
That'll show you later, Scott.
Okay.
Thanks.
Uh-huh.
What about the other Arnold picture
that doesn't have the towel on it?
I don't, I think I like the one we got on.
Yeah, it's colored, full color.
Full color, full, yeah.
Marslem doll offers modest alternative
to Barbie at first glance.
It says in LaVonia, Michigan, former
home of the Detroit race course.
This new girl on a black doesn't give Barbie much
for a run for her money.
After all, Barbie's everything.
Resan is not curvacious.
Flasche and loader with sense appeal.
But that's exactly why many
Muslim Americans prefer Resan
with her long sleeve dresses headscarf
and buy her creator Amara Sadez
on admission a not so bucksum bust line.
In other words, she's got raisinets.
For Sadez, the Dowline only fills the marketing void.
But also offers Muslim girl someone they can relate to.
Resanets.
The main message we try to put forward through the dolls
that what matters is what's inside you.
Oh, what a line that is.
Not how you look since Sadez,
who set up new art ink with his wife and a few other investors.
The LaVonia based company founded about seven years ago.
So it was the Rosandale number of other toys
geared toward Muslim children.
Schmata heads.
It doesn't matter if your taller shirt,
dinner, fat, beautiful or not.
The real beauty seen by God and fellow Muslims
is what's in your soul, he said.
Rosanna has the body of a preteen
that all comes in three types.
Firskin blonde,
olive skin with black hair and black skin and black hair.
Correct.
The reasons are those of a modern Muslim woman
on the drawing board for future dolls are Dr. Resan
and possibly even astronaut Resan.
There's also Muslim girl scout Resan
complete with the cassette recording of the Muslim scouts,
oath.
That's what it is.
What sets Resan apart from her few competitors
is that she holds a global appeal for Muslim girls.
I saw that said.
Now what was that line again about the main message we try to
put forward through the dollars
and what matters is what's inside you.
Correct them.
I thought that was a very, very interesting and provocative line.
See how they always work in code?
Well, it is code up there this time of year in LaVonia.
Anyway, known to two, which means we've got another 40 minutes.
So Miguel is out there.
I'm hoping you can boost that up to like close to a thousand.
You think no?
No more reports?
No.
You know what that means.
It means there ain't nothing going on there.
We had 420 bucks at LaVonia Scouts.
He still got them sure lots of tickets to the October Fest
at the German American Club in Hollywood.
Any interest?
No.
You don't have to be a German to go to the German American club.
You can have probably like beer and rots and white hearts and whatever.
Five tellers at Power Sports at 1090 West Sunrise Boulevard
and four-loaded it with our best meal merchandise
for a really good cause of band and pair rescue.
And you people out there like, move them like that.
Do you hear me?
Just what?
Five sixty.
Oh, five sixty WQAM.
And what about the total?
Don't let me forget to remind the audience again
about that front line on PBS 9-10-30-9.
About this totally unjustified attack on Iraq
and all the people who are dying over there.
American and Brits and Iraqis and everybody else.
Mad Dog Jim Madd is 53 votes.
Who do you think is the most universally liked celebrity?
Mad Dog has got 53.
There's nobody even close on his ass.
Muhammad Ali 36, Fred Rogers 35,
Johnny Carson 32, Elvis.
How may I sell this guy?
About 30, man.
Bob Hope 27, Princess Die 22, Mickey Mouse has got 17,
Walter Cronkite 15, Lucy is got 14.
She ought to be doing better than that.
Everybody like Lucy.
Even punks.
Jacques Cousteau 13 and Andy Griffith 12,
everybody else in single digits,
even poor old Bob Barker's got six.
Cause not everybody likes him there.
The animal, the fur coat people don't like Bob Barker.
They don't.
No, they don't.
And the, a lot of those bimbos that have been on the show,
not just Die in there, I think, other than that.
Cause he was mean to them.
Cities of dirty old man.
And we still like him.
In fact, that's why we like him.
Yeah.
As opposed to Arnold.
Cause at least Bob Barker ain't running for good.
You know what the Democrats should have put up Bob Barker?
There you go.
I don't know what his politics are,
but I guarantee he'd whip one with Arnold's butt.
With a towel anyway.
Here's Pockano.
Hello.
Hey, I got three items for you.
Number one for the list.
How about our old French friend Mo Chivalier?
Everybody look, Mo.
Yeah, sure.
Okay. Well, okay.
It'll be a hundred years old.
Remember Mo Chivalier?
Of course, but you know, they loved it.
Okay.
We heard the latest about your buddy Andrew Ashwood.
No.
He's going out to run Fox Sports in California for the network.
Great. And number three.
And number three, I forgot.
I ran out of it.
Okay. Good.
Well, there was good as the first two.
It's probably just as well.
Oh, god.
Am I getting a headache from this or what?
Starts like.
Wow.
I'm serious.
I'm getting like a migraine from these.
Andrew, my buddy Andrew Ashwoods.
I got a really good Andrew Ashwood story,
but I better not tell it.
She'd get really upset.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hi. How about Danny K?
Danny K?
Yeah.
Right now.
K.
We're going to get out of here.
All these people, these old, old, old time of people,
these fossils, nobody in this audience, those Danny K.
Maybe like how many people do you think know that?
About third man.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
Mauritia Valleier and Danny K and Marvin Gaye
and Swing and Sway with Sammy K.
And it's time to pay the Piper Moe.
You got to get out of here, Moe.
We want you out.
We're going to work feverishly.
We're going to contact everybody in the universe.
We're going to contact Don Corleone.
We're going to get a hold of everybody.
We can start your nasty obnoxious
ass up.
You've gone over the edge this time with your assault,
with your piling on with our good buddy Scott Farrell.
Okay.
When somebody is down and out,
they always come on mode to be there to stab in the back.
He's always talking about this one's a backstabber.
Everybody, he, in fact, the OJs,
remember the OJs in that song, the backstabbers?
Or of course, they had most picture right in front of them when they were,
that's what they were thinking about.
When they sang that song,
what does this say?
John Denver once served as a US Army sniper in Vietnam
to her falls.
Well, why do we care about this?
The other note is,
Oh, I see.
He paid two about the Fred Rogers urban legend.
He was never in the armed forces.
I'll feel better now.
He was a pussy man.
Who the hell did he, and he was like,
our hand to hand combat.
He hid the tattoos with that sweater.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Looks like a real pervert to me.
My kind of guy.
26, pal, look at this.
I'd say that security isn't life.
When it's not.
I was the police.
Instead of home, we're going to work.
Just you and you got to work.
In other parts of Iraq,
North and South,
security is less precarious.
The South.
The rackies are foaming at them off.
We did a hell of a job there.
Didn't we?
No, man, I'm making a mess.
26 past one and five, 60 over here.
I'm the wildly the more,
I'm telling you to get more popular by the day.
Pretty soon, his head is going to be as big as Joe Rose
if we don't stop this.
Jim Manditch had two of the Humper and Eddie K from Calder at four.
And then we got no baseball nights at travel day
after an embarrassing night last night.
But like I said, you get out of your system.
You lose 12 to three.
It's the same as ones that but still only one loss.
Follow what I'm saying.
Good excuse in it.
Sure.
So we got the travel day.
Then this weekend, Friday Saturday and Sunday,
three games at P.P.
Park.
So you got the Panther game tonight.
We got to stick something in there.
Panther's hosting the Carolina Heracun's
at the end of the center of the Macarena.
If your mattress is lumpy and bumpy,
you don't have to have an expert tell you about it
because your back will give you the message right away.
You're not getting a good night's sleep.
You feel like crap.
Your back is hurting all the time.
Gets yourself a great night's sleep.
For the best name brand mattresses in the world
from my good friends at Dollar mattress,
who offer you unbeatable deals and prices every day,
365 days a year.
For discount prices on the top name,
Celi, sort of, Temporpetic, Simmons,
King Coil, or Sterns of Ananas Foster,
call this toll free number right now.
They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all.
1-800 mattress.
Just one easy call.
It's easiest piece of shopping to get ever due.
There's no nonsense, no bait and swish,
no house brands, no phony promises,
and best of all, you pay nothing extra
for the best service in the world.
And when you call Dollar mattress at 1-800 mattress,
you even get to pick the day in time for a liver
when it's convenient for you
when you're going to be home.
And they really show up.
It's a miracle.
Any two or a window seven days a week from 8am to 10pm.
And you'll be sleeping like a sleeping
and sleeping like a baby the first night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress
and Dollar mattress for a long time.
You should be doing the same.
With low prices, same day delivery,
free set up and mobile.
It's easy to see why Dollar mattresses
rank the best in the world and customer satisfaction.
So it gets sucked in by those mattress,
show them in furniture store phony ads.
They're not in the same league with Dollar mattress.
Call them today.
1-800 mattress and come that
crusty old Neil toward to call 1-800-MATTRES
or check them out online at mattress.com.
My name is Michael.
This is 4356-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2
and how to run your life because our moral ground is so much higher and will decide what you should think while just think as we rinse the nuts off of you
all breathlessly CNN announces just in preliminary hearing for Kobe Bryant set a 3pm he's just arrived and there he is anybody cared what a pile of crap you know
yeah just in breaking news just like what the hell they was it on Tuesday in California breaking news Arnold and Maria have just left the polling place
and here they're all breathlessly running around his eight-minute mortars in the show they just left the polling place Arnold just picked his nose
he just picked a winner what color purple God what a bunch of sickos you people in the army ashamed yourselves y'all are resigned right now right after
Mogets is fat over the ass out here y'all are resigned out of have a like a daisy chain just follow them right out of town and out of the country six months ago
we got 600 that's not too good we're slowly but surely dribs and raps will never make a thousand we only got a half hour to go out there
four hundred bucks to go no chance and I really frost my fat ass so good thing we're not doing more these because we used to do a lot more than just one a week
but what's the point when nobody out there wants to spring loose with any money nobody cares about abandonment pay rescue like Miguel says nobody wants you damn CDs this year
and certainly nobody wants those more Howard David keychains you just want a bunch of free tickets for crap you know yeah it probably resent the fact that we're forcing them to you know to cut loose with 20 bucks
just so they can have a chance for some free tickets for hockey games and German beer and crap for becks and and at high
he can at the Dutch beer ever tell you about Freddie Heineken no what about this I did yes I did Freddie Heineken he built the hotel of the York brewery there that's right
I probably shouldn't be lumping Heineken in with with becks because becks is German Heineken is Dutch but I still say that the old
Dutchmen are just like Nazis anyway all of this this from CNN
Felatio may significantly decrease the risk of breast cancer in women now is that on receiving or giving
it says George misspelled champion into the doctors I got to get the next page it's coming
women who perform the act of Felatio on a regular basis one two times we may reduce the risk of breast cancer
about to 40% of North Carolina State University study found there you go all you guys out there
they're looking like to get you know little action little head and shoulders
the work for doctors had never suspected a link between the act of Felatio and breast cancer
but new research is being performed at North Carolina State University how are they doing this research by the way
I don't know how do we get involved in that kind of a who's the head doctor who's heading up this survey
in a study of over 15,000 women suspected of having performed regular Felatio with a past
in your wait a minute suspected of having performed regular Felatio with a past in your research
is by that those actually having performed the act really one to two times a week had lower
occurrence of breast cancer than those who would not there was no increased risk or for those who did not
regularly perform so in other words the more times you go down the greater your risk goes down
so if you'd given like head like 15 20 30 times a week you ain't got no chance
in fact you're going to have the most healthiest breasts in the in history since LC the board and cow
I think it removes the last shade of a doubt that Felatio is actually a healthy accident
this is not a real story this is a fake this is not one of those fake stories
it says AP but this can't possibly be a real story can it?
no a phony AP you think?
I hope not I think it removes the last shade of doubt that Felatio is actually a healthy accident
Dr. BJ sooner of Johns Hopkins school of medicine was not involved in the research I'm surprised
oh yeah here we go see this is a fake it's funny George I say but it's cute
only with regular performance will your chances be reduced
so I encourage all women out there to make Felatio an important part of the daily routine said
Dr. Insura Shaffir one of the researches I love it alright yeah
I hope that none of the women out there gets sucked in by this ponyster or anybody else
well this is a true story teenager pinned under vehicle use it by the way here are Catherine Harris's on that plane you know
you know that? no what plane? I played some plane
the one that Reveille Villaches was always pointing at is it played she was on it
an 18 year old former wrestler whose leg became pinned under his overturned jeep in Salt Lake City
managed to reach a car jack ratcheted up the vehicle and free himself he jacked himself out
as college freshman Clancy rightly trapped last week he said he thought of the climber who's armidin pinned by a boulder last spring
remember that of course I don't want to cut my leg off like the guy who cut off his arm right said
right was driving alone October 2 at a popular off road area near minorsville about two-and-a-mile south of Salt Lake
when his jeep rolled pinning his left leg under a corner of the windshield and part of a roll bar
he was able to reach a jack in the vehicle he said he tried three times to find the right placement for it out of the roll bar
right who wrestled as a heavyweight last year in high school like Cohen and took fifth place in his division
eventually was able to lift the jeep as the pressure released I could feel the blood rush out of leg
he told the saint lake tribute in the today's edition the skin muscle and tissue when his left calf from knee to the ankle were torn from leg bones
which were completely exposed but not broken he said he wrapped the leg with his t-shirt and a passing rider found him shortly afterwards
some of an ambulance under when surgery was sent home the next day they pulled me to go home lay on the couch
put up your foot and pray he said he said he's got feeling in his leg and he can wiggle it and his toes too
nice go here wrestler wrestling boy how you like that
here's a call from Miramar hello the money here sounds just like you are you in Miramar
this is Miramar sounds like you then all right do yeah I got a question about the M.A.T. T. R.A.S. which I'm a call it
you're good call him up and they'll answer your question five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon Marbles like who that was that was the Ken Block it was I know that was I was the thought that was him
here's Evan Tura hello hello yes sir I have one for the poll I have a good one for the poll good about time somebody I'm not a
rammed a Jackie police okay that's a good one is it too bad to make me show why is that because it's almost over
right there but the but the poll stays on there all the way to the morning so you can here'll have a chance to zoom up
please okay so we're out of crammed and away we go thank you okay you have a too many of the names we're getting
lately like old old you know I mean although I guess there just aren't too many celebrities late that everybody likes and probably
because there's all this smut and smear and everything right yeah you back in the old days a lot of these people were
degenerates and pieces of crap and the scumbags but we all liked them because we didn't have to know about that
what though why did we have any to know you know that we know that Milton Burle had the biggest penis in Hollywood
of course not he wanted everybody to know did he I don't know why they they're wide you always dress up and drag
I guess that was to deflect our attention hung out the bottom of the skirt what do you think is who do you think
what is that thing who do you think is the most universally light celebrity Jim man is 61 they can't touch the
mad dog all right my hamad Ali 41 Fred Rogers 36 Johnny Carson 34 this is our thousands pulled and believe you
me I'm not too excited about it and either is the audience obviously Elvis 32 Bob Hope 31 Princess die 23 Mickey
mouse 22 Walter Conkey 15 Lucy 14 Jacques Cousteau 13 Andy Griffith 12 and after that man it's real small taters
out of 378 vote 370 votes whatever it is not our best poll we just said it was the thousandth one we said it was a landmark
we didn't say it was the best poll did we no no and we shared it was truth and packaging so how much we got out there with Miguel
okay we got 20 minutes ago we had 600 last count yeah 600 well when you talked to him five minutes ago well I bet you he caught you
right now I bet you we got more than 600 it might be only a couple of bugs but 30 man I bet you were over 600 I bet you that eight bucks
that I will you from before so sorry to double nothing 16 or nothing okay how's that great 20 to 2 the mad dog coming
along at 2 o'clock today boy he'll be reddened the face with all this you four year but all this
so isolation all these things he don't listen he yes he does listen once a month remember that last
week when I and they're looking to go out there to Shula State too because the audience because our program director
and our operations manager were too busy the didle in each other and they didn't have time to
figure out that when we had the guy damn Marlon stuff going on he should be doing a show
out there at Shula's as opposed to sitting in an empty room there if you're tired of sitting in an empty room
and doing a job that doesn't amount to peanuts if you're tired working for nothing and getting paid
in what amounts to peanuts here's the answer get yourself a new career how do you do that you call our friends at fast
train and they can have you trained and certified in a great computer career a high paying career before the year is out
the demand for computer professionals is gigantic so now is the smart time to get you a new high paying computer career
fast train offers job placement assistance convenient day evening weekend schedules
and with six locations for them right in South Florida this bond will be a fast train close by where you are
convenient for you fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify to so what's the
lose except already crap job on a meager paycheck get yourself a real career and a real change in life
call fast train today check them on the web first at fast train dot com and then call that toll free
number be sure mention Todd directs name when you call 1 866 fast train
my local
on the right hand of God
and when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of happily or CNN I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head
it was an upside down triangle purple tiki wiki upside down try
I know
get work I noticed he was carrying a little purse now
how can they call this a children show
I'm a big purple but I have a brown hole he has an upside down
I know purple tiki wiki upside down try
I know purple tiki wiki I love to train your balls
and purple tiki wiki gay tell us jelly
we're almost about christian time as hard to believe but on the television he is a TV screen
it had a purple penis pointing straight at me that was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing
I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I
I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I
We're here we're gay and we're going to blow you away G F WIm ta ni We're now we're going to get a hold on. We're here we're gay and we're going to blow you away
Here's poppin-o. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I haven't em cartoon for you Urlisten. Okay. I will pull McCartney. He's over there I Santa uses to turn on expect I don't know from
We blew it because I got him written down he has got six votes. Okay, and I just wanted to make a comment regarding this
What's the name?
Enrico from Maryland?
His wife made that statement of against from our shooting Britney Spears right?
You know against me. I mean, you know people are on the right and say whatever they want and you know
If somebody on the left did they want to you know go after they do and that that's everybody on the left
Seems to be fair game. I mean Arnold's movies more people have been killed in Arnold's movies than in all the wars combined
And that's okay. That's autistic expression, but you know somebody like Michael Moore comes along and does something or
You know some other Hollywood performer goes against the establishment
What makes you think it was somebody on the right? It was a governor
I'm sure that the governor is the governor of Maryland a Republican. They haven't had a Republican a thousand years unless I don't know
But you know because somebody is a Democrat or a Republican doesn't necessarily mean they're on the right or the left
You know people who hide behind the party, but why would you automatically assume she's on the right?
She is she is yes
I
Well, I see I didn't know the story until I read it in the
Internet I used it on the year, but I didn't see it on TV
But you know, I know whether she was on the you know other shoes Republican a Democrat
She's a Republican right wing bitches what she had to say it was so the you know the vice and then yeah
That's okay, but if if somebody on the left makes a statement, you know
You say something against the president you run a American but yet you say something is Clinton and that's free
Well, I'm glad you're catching on man
I believe me. I've been
On a long time good. You have a great day. So tonight. That's why I'm here you two pali. Bye. Bye
148 12 minutes till two at 560 WQ AM. Who do we just add on there? Oh?
I know we didn't have anybody we had Paul McCarty's already under good six. Oh, I'm surprised to go the right
There's not doing better that bothers me a lot that pisses me off. She's only got three votes out of sight out of mind
What do you mean by that? Why didn't me not a side out of my most of these people have been dead for a hundred years
They were getting the last hour called in here. Yeah, but they were super stars. Yo the red there's got three
Well, she was a superstar on laughing on and on life on a certain in life. She was all over the place. Yeah
She was great
Here's a call from Boca. Hello, you could push the button all you want I pushed this okay asshole
You can keep calling 50,000 times a day and you still won't be on for more than a half a second. Shmuck push this push stool
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami win is this
One on new yeah, I got two names for you. Okay, good
Let's go to North Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Why do you care for all sorts of niggers that go in our California?
Why do you why don't you care? Why don't you?
Yeah, well, I'm in Canada. How do you like that? Smuck and I'm real happy about it puts look what you got
Here's South Beach, huh
Hello, yes, sir. Oh
My god, are there any living and breathing people up there? Oh good god. Yes, sir speak to me speak
Yeah, I've been listening to you for over probably 20 years, right? Right easily. So I should be you know
I think we could add Howard Stern though. What do you think?
That nobody doesn't like Howard Stern I think he sucks
What is the question again? Who do you think is the most universally light celebrity you of course, okay?
Okay, here's a deer field hello
Wow
Jesus is right. Yeah, really a couple things Arnold and Maria
I don't know if you caught it say they showed them making their boats coming out of the pole, you know
And the reporter asked an R. Well, how do you feel about voting for yourself?
And he goes it was cool, you know
Yeah, yeah, it was you know, I mean it was typical
Anyway the other thing being a good mention to Fred Rogers a couple times today
Did you ever hear this is kind of old it's from national ampune? That's not funny. That's sick comedy bits
They have a great great parody on now Mr. Rogers they called Mr. Roberts neighborhood. It's great
George might be able to find it be great for the best. He's digging for it. Okay
You digging for it. Did you find it? Oh, yeah?
You got it right now look at that. He's digging for it just like Moe was deeper worries
Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Are you a top or bottom? Oh?
Here's the North Miami. Hello
South Miami north southeast west
Hello, yes
Here's a North Miami Beach. Hello
Miami when is this
That's the best call of this half hour
Whoa
UAM
I like
A mannequin woman
She is mychod
I'm a mannequin woman
Love it to the end
Keep her hanging around my floor.
You ready any time I want you to slow?
She never said I'm up in the mood.
I never got a cuddle around, I'm true.
My one, I've got something to say.
My mannequin won't run.
Can you want to lay?
Hey, hey.
My mannequin won't run.
Like as a sheep.
My mannequin won't run.
I never fall to sleep.
Just come and knock on the palm of door.
She's a girl I found in the clothing store.
I feel lucky you're the most guys.
When I'm right in the middle of plastic guys.
My one, I've got something to say.
mannequin won't run.
Can you want to lay?
156 don't give lots of oral sex.
Keep those breasts healthy.
How do we do what's our final total?
We got one?
720.
Well, that's not great, not too bad.
Not too sensational.
I mean, we'll take it.
It's 220 bucks for a band-in-peer rescue.
We've got those people who are here enough to send their best.
And just like the colors this hour, I'll point to the rest of them.
That's what we say.
But we've had so many good calls.
We better take a lot of them and get them all in before we leave, right?
Okay.
Let's get them all in.
Here's Miami. Hello.
I'm Benio.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I've never made a request before for anything.
But I've always wanted to hear.
You know those drop-ins that you have with Randy West?
Yeah.
I missed the actual conversation you had with him.
And buddies of mine have told me it was a classic neal ripping.
Is there any way you could play that?
Don't have it.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I just want to give you one suggestion for the poll.
My suggestion.
Has anyone said Bill Cosby yet?
Bill Cosby.
Yeah.
Even though I can't stand him.
But everybody loves Bill Cosby.
And certainly nobody don't like, nobody don't like Jello pudding, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Everybody knows about Jello pudding.
Good choice.
Very soft.
Yeah.
Sugar sweet.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Soften, gooey and a sugar-ee and a sweet.
All right.
What he said, and a pudding ain't too bad either.
Here's Welton Manners.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Fantastic.
Two things.
First of all, since you put Jim Mann to try on there, have you thought about Rick Shaw?
He's a local guy.
Everybody loves Rick Shaw.
Let me say it again.
Jim Mann is his known all over the country.
Okay.
NFL star.
Nobody else knows from Rick Shaw.
Nobody knows Rick Shaw.
Well, let me add this.
Can I add my favorite depth scene?
Jello pudding.
Jello pudding.
Jello pudding.
No, no, no.
Oh, good.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
There must be something in the air.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Sorry about that.
My phone must be crappin' out there.
It sucks.
I got one.
I got one for you.
How about Clint Eastwood?
Everybody liked him.
He's not a bad guy.
I never thought about it.
He's not a bad guy.
I never stole a freight train.
He's very low-key.
And he didn't have too much to say about the Terminator and about the election.
He had better be, but a boot buddy kind of like beat around the bush.
And he don't want to get back in the being mayor of Carmel.
And like that.
Yeah, nobody don't like Clint Eastwood.
He's good.
Here's what a fact.
Thank God for the fact's are always great.
The call sucked.
The fact's are fantastic.
Hector and Miami says,
it would seem to be an order to assess the viability of a celebrity's appeal.
At least universally, you'd have to take in situations such as,
characters as Mickey Mouse and Ronald McDonald.
Is Mickey Mouse on there?
Yes.
Last time we checked, sure.
He's doing okay.
Alternatively, if the celebrity has to be a humanist,
pretty soon appeal to a white across section of nations and cultures to what?
Michael Jackson.
Oh, odd.
While people secretly may feel he is creepy,
I would suspect he is very well liked universally.
He says Hector.
Thank you for his wonderful waste of time, says Hector and Miami.
Wow.
And thank you for your wonderful waste of time, Hector, because that's got to be really hysterical.
Nobody don't like Michael Jackson.
Until of course he held that baby over the abalcat and they started to say,
you know, maybe, and then of course all those charges of pedophilia,
maybe in all those checks that he wrote to the parents to shut him up,
maybe, you know, stuff like that, and the elephant man's bones.
Exactly.
And then of course Paul McCartney and all those songs that he bought up from under his ass.
That was just too bad because Paul McCartney be a bad businessman.
Anyway, when in the pool, I mean, I mean, we got to tell them all,
but hands down.
Jim Mandit's 70 votes, the most universally liked celebrity he's stated by right now,
as humble as ever.
Bye, bye, bye!
Yeah.
I'm the Roger Show. I'm Climbing the only QAF Miami for La Rada.
How's that out there? And number one line for the Panthers.
Jack Off, Suck Off, and Be Off.
