Hi, I'm your 15 year old host, Jenny.
And this is Titanic Talk.
For me and my friend Kimberly talk on the radio about our favorite movie, Titanic.
And Leo, I love you, Leo!
Yeah, we talk about the most beautiful thing in Titanic.
Leonardo DiCaprio!
I love you, Leo!
I know, I love Leo too!
Well, today's topic is the Titanic.
I saw Saturday for the 14th time.
And I cried.
I've seen it 17 times, I cried every time.
I wanted Leo to live this time.
I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo.
I wish my boyfriend was Leo!
Oh my god, look at the clock!
Titanic starts with the mall in 15 minutes!
Let's hurry!
Hold on, Leo, we're coming!
Okay, thanks for listening.
Tune in next time on Titanic Talk, when our topic will be Leo!
Rock, Leo!
Yeah, how could we have left Leo off the list yesterday?
How could we have done that?
I don't know, split my mind.
Yeah, almost 1200 votes, which is pretty damn good since we didn't put that thing up there
till several minutes after 11 o'clock.
We were hoping to get it up at 11, but it took several minutes' act trick.
Don't.
Don't start getting the Eric Cage rattled here right off the bat.
Okay, that's a bad idea.
But nevertheless, how could we have done that?
Well, we'll get to the results of the poll yesterday we asked.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
And we could have gone on that for weeks, but that would be ponderous.
So today we'll do the best, and this is going to be much tougher.
For whatever reason, we were talking about this before the show today,
for whatever reason there just haven't been that many great actresses that got the notoriety.
I'm not saying if they weren't great, but they didn't get the notoriety the actors did.
I bet it's sexist in Hollywood or any play-sales, but it is.
I want to tell you, Kevin Baxter, man, this guy, all the bastards are with the hero.
Do you notice that?
Yeah.
He got Dan La Bastard, and you got Kevin Baxter.
Seriously, all the bastards are with the hero for whatever reason.
And he were all of a sudden, and here's the guy that was been a...
First, he was a radio and TV guy for a couple of years, and then he was the sports guy,
which I think he still is.
But the hero, because they got a very low budget, as Jim DeFeedy told us a couple of months ago,
and they can't afford to hire anybody anymore, and they're payroll, and they're losing money,
all of a sudden a bull crap.
So as a result, they like a mix-and-match, and one guy he writes the home-and-gardening column,
and then he writes the radio column, and then the baseball column, that's Kevin Baxter.
And his ratings column is so embarrassing, it's even more embarrassing than little Tommy Jerka,
who at least tried to write about something that's going on, even though it was meaningless.
The beat goes on, rising to number eight, writes Kevin Baxter, and he's got a little blurb in here in a herald about the ratings.
Thanks, by the way, who, to Mickey, who thanks this in, because you can't find this on his channel.
You can't find anything on a herald website.
The worst.
Any major newspaper in the universe that has to be the worst website I've ever seen,
our website makes the heralds pay a little bit of significance, Beener Boy.
Of course it didn't before, Beener Boy came along, but that was another story,
we'll talk more about that later on.
The beat goes on, rising to number eight, and this is the 12-plus numbers.
He's got the top 10 stations in 12-plus.
Does anybody care about 12-plus?
No!
Of course not.
The audience don't care about that.
The agencies don't care about it.
The people who work at a business don't care about it.
Nobody cares about it.
It's meaningless.
It's absolutely meaningless because 12-plus means the entire audience, including teenagers,
and people over 90, and people over 100, it doesn't mean anything.
Because whether it's television or radio, everybody's appealing to a certain demographic.
You got your FM's, your punk stations, that are appealing to punks,
and you got your slush stations that are appealing to old parts.
You got your KAT with their classical music, which by the way is going over like a pregnant pole-waltor in hell.
Classical music stations of the KAT, AM 1360, lost two tenths of a share point,
since the fall finishing 23rd with a 1.4 share.
23rd, 20th, third.
You've turned.
Is that incredible?
What are the big simists they were making about that?
Oh, we have to have our classical music back.
Of course they didn't want it back on an AM station with a horrible signal.
It sounds like it's got like back through a strainer.
How much power do they have anyway?
How many watts?
Yes.
Yes.
That's what I would say.
In fact, of all the stations in the market, where are they right?
Yes.
Close to it.
23rd, way down the list.
And that 12-plus does mean something in their category.
Because I doubt that they have anybody listening to that under the age of 100.
So this is a really lame column Kevin Baxter.
God forbid that he should have waited for the real story here.
There are a lot of stories in this rating thing.
He says, the three month winner listenership survey measuring station preferences from January through March
was originally released Friday morning, but Arbitron briefly be called a report because of problems in the data.
Is what he said.
Right.
Which we're not going to talk about.
And so the thrust of this is WMG EFM, nearly doubled its share of the markets radio audience and switching formats to December 31.
The beat.
Yes.
And then the next thing that I would like to talk about is the
WMG EFM.
And then the next thing that I would like to talk about is the
And then the next thing that I would like to talk about is the
WMG EFM.
And then the next thing that I would like to talk about is the
WMG EFM.
Which I would like to talk about,
again for about six months and that took up. See the thing with all these flash in a
pan format which can eventually don't seem to understand even though we just mentioned
about party radio. Is that all of them do that every single one no matter what they're
playing. They can be playing a old scratchy 78 RPM records and for the first couple of
books oh my god it's going through the roof but then after a few months they all go in
the tank. That's my opinion I'm like Disney. Right they all go into crapper. That's my
opinion I'm like Disney. So this business about men and black. I mean just what we need
was another hip hop station in the market. What we got how many we got now. Too many too
many too much hip and not enough hop. Where's the other way around. Piece of crap. We believe
this isn't a flash in the pan anyway shape or forms as David Ross but as regional vice
president for cheap channel which owns the WMIB. Don't forget all the cheap what we ought
to do is on our website have a list of all the stations that clear channel owns in the
South Florida market so people can avoid listening to them. There's nothing that's a great
idea. Sure. I'm not I'm not talking about boycotting because I'm not into boycotts. I
mean it's a free country. You listen to whatever you like but just as a suggestion so that
you don't lend any tangible tangible support to any clear channel station we will make
a list of all the cheap channel stations in the South Florida market all the stations
that they own and then you can you know do whatever you like. Because we're pretty sick
and tired of one company and of course on June the 2nd which is only a few weeks away
that's when the FCC is going to really commit the worst called Duggery perhaps in the
history of broadcasting at the behest of the Bush administration and the three Republicans
on the FCC which they outnumber the two Democrats last time I checked three to two and three
bigger than two last time although nobody's bigger than Josh Friedman. I'm right around
the building as he was in a disgrace. Here is a man who almost single handedly along
with his obnoxious agent have destroyed baseball 25 million dollars a year 25 million dollars
a year 15 million wouldn't have been good enough okay he couldn't have enough jewelry
for 15 million year he couldn't got enough dates with Derek Jeter for like 12 million
year. Ranger star won't stray far from his hotel I'll be in my room says pay rod. Oh
my god you can hear the meowing sounds pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy. Alex Rodriguez
will be easy to find between the Texas Ranger three games in Toronto this week but if you need
me I'll be in my room a rod said the all star shortstop won't be alone with the team's hotel
there won't be any going out to dinner we're going to the mall this time catch your IRA INRDS
to be saying INRDS our medical staff is assured us it's pretty safe and has been blown out of
proportion a little bit Rodriguez said but I still think we have to be precautionary careful
and just watch ourselves what a pussy man there's nothing going on here the people are from the
local health all the hot shots our engineer right now some of Marginiva Switzerland some got
confused the way to Geneva New York it's a lot closer and they're having a big meetings and the
WH is probably going to announce later today that they're taking Toronto off of this list which
you should have been on there in the first place hip-hop pioneers public enemy are still fighting
the powers that be good such as don't believe the hype and fight the power will take on president
Bush with their I'm just reading this blurb here on city pulse with their new CD DVD son of a
Bush schedule for May 6th release I like that I'm going to go out and buy it son of a Bush
don't you like that excellent always like that rap crap I'm going to start listening to men in
black in fact I would accept its own by Khrushchev and you can't get it here it's owned by a cheap
channel so here we are all these big high-paid athletes were supposed to be such macho men
like pay rod oh what a pussy man I'm so embarrassed for you I'm embarrassed I'm humiliated for you
I'd love to find out what hotel arrangers are staying at here in town and be able to just
find out what the hell room he was in I really would yeah go cough on it no and I go cough on
have people call it just make meowing sounds on the play pussy pussy pussy yeah that's what I'd like
to for pay rod but an idiot here's the results yesterday's poll the best all-time performance in
a movie by an actor I better do the break first okay well I'm better because there's a long list
here I don't know and the best part of it is the audience being a sensitive bunch that we have
out there there were two movies two acting performances they got left out had zero but just
before the show I see the each got one vote I like that don't you think that's good yeah that's
nice so it is nice to be honest a nice touch we don't mean to go through a 1200 votes and have
the movies with performances with none with with a big glaring you know that's like Bill O'Reilly's
radio ratings in a South Florida market and an enormous can too zero speaking of ratings we like
if the breakdown today muff is in there having another one of his breakdowns he's trying to
break down the numbers for us we might have those hour by hour well this could be a really a
pressure day and if not today definitely tomorrow what yeah maybe we can have a repeat of Friday yeah
yeah because the ratings days can be either uh period nicer can be a nightmare that's my
opinion I'm like this yeah well let's get those hour by hour see what happened in that nine to
10 hours see how it compared with six to nine a.m. see how we did between 10 and one see how the
mad dog did see how the Humper was doing I'm amazed at that Schmidtmeister the only reason we did
that well in fact the only reason actually fill in up is he's following the Schmidtmeister in that
huge book who followed the rush who obviously had a gigantic right wing book huh of course
god what a bunch of mad drudgery all of this is from it it's after nine and five sixty WDQA
and hey I'll tell you something if you've got a really crappy job if you're sick and tired of
working for a paycheck that isn't worth a dime it looks like I mean you couldn't squeeze out a
blood out of it it's so small and the paycheck too here's the answer get yourself a new high-paying
computer job with training at fast train these are the people who get you on the road are really
making some serious books call them tool free there's no obligation call one eight six six fast
train no excuse anymore to be working on a crappy dead end job fast train offers you convenient day
evening weekend classes check them out of the web if you're like at fast train dot com and because
they have locations all over south Florida training ought to be a step for you because there's
about to be one year by you they're in Kendall Miami Pembroke Pines for a lot of day in just for sure
a month you can have the training you need to get a new high-paying computer career and like I said
make a big fat paycheck then you can go out and buy a B-pull about your dinners too register at fast
train dot com to receive and by the way there was no dinner last night rumors are on the way back home
is what I just want to mention that register at fast train dot com to receive your free American flag
bumper sticker to call fast train today what do you got to lose beside that crappy job in that
meaningless paycheck call them and get a real career call one eight six six fast train
all right
all right
I'm so old my friend
another birthday's come around my friend
boy I celebrate my sit-in-round token with my friends and I can't wait to roll another one again
yes
I'm old my friend
when it's that wacky can't up this my friend
some of my soul will it feel so young again and I can't wait to roll another one again
come so old my friend but I still like the weed that sets me sideways
I go Mexican it's planted right up back beside my driveway
doing it my way oh yes I'm old my friend but I can turn my brain to toast again
so grab a pong and torch a fat one of my friends and I can't wait to roll another one again
no I can't wait another birthday again okay 917 at 560 wqa I'm so I got more bad news for
pay ride before we get to the results yesterday's pool the blue jays parent company roger's
communications ink one of my little subsidiaries is offering dollar tickets for tonight's
a baseball game between the blue jays and the Texas Rangers and it's a sell-out is it
over 40,000 people whatever capacity is in the sky dome I don't know 40 50,000 how many
you think it holds about 30 men no more than that better be a gigantic sell-out crowd there in
the sky dome tonight I would encourage everybody who goes to the game that I'd hear at the sky dome
to start coughing and gagging and like you know sweating up a storm just to get them all
pernady probably run off the field and cry like a baby like a little shyle what a pussy man 25
million a year in this guy's see that's the thing about baseball players they're not really
athletes they're gonna hang the other out for like two weeks hockey player breaks an ankle they go
back out there and play the rest of the game the hell are we talking about huh
did we ever take that pool I don't think we ever did that one the which supposed an athlete
so the biggest pussy well of course golf is not a sport anyway it's a game so we wouldn't put
that on air I mean golf who the hell is kidding but I think baseball pussies what do they what do they
do they wait around a lot in it well of course then there's a lot of football I was going to say
out of shape there's a lot of fat pictures especially in baseball but then of course you got
out of your linemen and football which they're not athletes they're just big fat tubs of crap
they look like Josh Friedman talking about a big fat type of crap that's all I was hearing about
all morning before the show today because I come in here this morning I flip on a little thing in
here and here's a gully and who's he got out with them but Josh Friedman pontificating about last
day about the marlins blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah I'm going on and
I thought what else he doing on there and of course then within a matter of moments I realized
that Moe wasn't there and it brightened up my day tremendously and not only were we hearing all
morning about Josh Friedman being fatter than ever being just enormous a human butterball but also
the fact that the ambiance and there was so much more pleasant I remember when I was down there
remember they had Moe Maister had a couple of days off on a 30 and Friday and man the aroma and
the atmosphere and these just the whole ambiance in that place was so much more pleasant and everybody
was in a good mood and smiling and high-fiving themselves and each other and
ass-lamping and stuff like you're supposed to do in a sports place you know it was downright
festive out there this morning right they hate you mode don't you understand in fact I
got a great idea you know how I do the show from the studio here in wherever the hell I feel like it
right or I call it in from a phone booth whenever I feel like it is tragic as that uh I think they
ought to put a studio in Moe's home in Boka oh brother can you imagine how much more pleasant
that would be for the poor bastards have to work that show and the rest of us who every now and
then have to wander around a hallways when he's there I think you're onto it yeah I think I'm on
it then he wouldn't even have to he wouldn't even have to have dry concepts clean off those
hair pieces for him before it comes in every day huh he just leave it on the rack he could although
I think even at home he'd be a little bit self-conscious he probably would have to put one of
the murady things on you know at least during the show and dress up and dress up very spiffy too
that's right because we do want to dress for success in radio right personally I'm wearing my
doctors for old cockers myself anyway what was the best all-time performance in who we buy an actor
that was our poll yesterday a huge response considering we didn't start till well after 11 o'clock
1215 votes aren't you shocked by that? Shopped I am oh and also yesterday I think we set our all-time
record for number of hits in one day on a pool thanks to the phenomenal job that Carlos is doing
under being a boy nice to on Carlos there being another nice tech for an in June this time
Georgia's pants who won't be as large but for my seriously he's doing a great job Carlos and on
the weekends we're doing this stuff and also when I go on vacation which my next vacation is like
in mid a May uh on the weekends being a boy's gonna have to be doing the bedtime stories which we do
change every day now seven days a week because we don't want to just leave stuff up there and I'll
tell you there are plenty of websites that don't do that are you aware of that right then on a weekend
they just leave crap up there from Friday which we used to do because our website used to really
suck but anyway now that it's great and we're proud of it as opposed to how embarrassed we used to be
if that phone rings don't answer it Carlos just ignore him
given plenty of space and plenty of time to eat finishes brunch and he'll be all right up there in
Orlando. Anyway what was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor Jack Nicholson once
over to cook us nest 163 excellent choice in fact with the exception of one here I like the way
this turned out not that that's the purpose of it but I mean I just it is. Marlon oh yeah yeah
if we just wanted to be the way we liked it you know and then who now needs a rest of this.
The Bingham blotter brains will over your nice time leaks too. Well that wasn't him but I mean
that's one of my favorite drop-ins Marlon Brando and Godfather 142. You cannot do like a man.
What's wrong with the smack? Yeah the little smack. You cannot do like a man. What's wrong with you?
For Al Martino. I don't know whether Martino was more upset about getting slapped a hundred
times that they had to do the take on that scene or the fact a synopter wouldn't speak to him anymore.
True story. I know old blue eyes wouldn't speak to Al Martino anymore because everybody knew that he
was the character in that movie okay with the Tommy Dorsey band and the uh sing the uh by anyway.
I heard you. Marlon Brando. Godfather 142 Al Pacino and Scarface this is the one I thought
was the chigger in a wood pile. What's wrong with you people? It's an end of the thing we didn't put
all of those something did suggested that we didn't put the scent of a woman on there somebody
suggested. Oh is that a piece of crap? I mean really that was a bad bad flick. Scarface had 103
Al Pacino. Anthony Hopkins silenced the lambs 95. How can we leave him out that was a magnificent.
I ate his liver with some father meat and a nice candy. Nice tongue work. I think in Debbie
does Dallas as the only one who ever saw the head better tongue work. Dustin Hoffman Rainman 81.
George East Scott and Patton 64. What was the movie George East Scott was in with the uh was it
taps? Was he in taps? Everybody else was. I do believe so whether with the uh military
academy and all the punk kids with the Tim Hutton right? That was not a bad movie Tom Cruise was in
that. Tom Cruise was in taps. Everybody all the time. They've taped taps this morning on air and
we're playing all the low lights of Ray Lucas's interceptions and then we had a couple of dark
complexed area a couple of people called in one was not the one was white one was black and even
it out one of each Ray Lucas sucked okay you dolphin losers out there Ray Lucas was crap whether he
was white and he was barely black anyway everything bad to be made into a racial thing Ray Lucas
sucked okay okay and especially under pressure man once he got under pressure he was he was always
completing it to the guy with a wrong uniform on he was awful. It's a racial thing and J. Feele you
know J. Feele is sucks too but that's beside the point anyway Dustin Hoffman Rainman 81. George
East Scott Patton 64. Tom Hanks filled it off he had 44. Yes he was in taps. George H old yet. I'd
give my book out but I'm too lazy I'm just it's just too glorious of a day the sun is shining it's
gonna be what is it 60 today yesterday was 77 but low humidity today a little bit more humidity
but 60 man it is beautiful nothing wrong going on here pay Rod okay get out of the hotel walk
around downtown get out of your room in fact the cabin at the federal cabinet is holding their
meeting we're gonna hold it not about today but they moved it to Toronto with the Royal York hotel
just to show that everything here is safe froggy is here John Critchin who talks out of the side
of his mouth like most politicians or he can't hide it Peter Sellers Dr. Strange love 37 he should
have not better than that yeah I think not a lot of thought he saw that oh uh Peter Finch and
Network also 37 I mean when you compare Peter Finch's performance in network would say Al Pacino
in Scarface is it laughable yeah that I mean who are they kidding Jack Nicholson in the shining
here is Johnny had 35 Robert De Niro which we never got the spelling right on that nice go in the
Boeiner boy Robert De Niro raging bull 32 and taxi driver had 30 so they were both misspelled and both
had about 30 votes Humphrey Bogart Casablanca 28 Paul Newman cool handle Luke 27 Al Pacino dog
day afternoon and the Dustin Hoppen midnight cowboy 23 I kept doing that Attica thing Attica but of
course yeah you were right on this show should be I'm dying out of here Peter O2 Lawrence of
Arabia 22 Dom De la Weez and Faso I'm really surprised I mean not that it wasn't greater undeserved
but I'm surprised you did that well I think thanks to us a lot more people have seen that movie
they've got out and running the hell for honey Junior Faso at 17 I mean not that great but it's not
a bad number time with Al Guinness and Virginia River Quies 17 see that's that's a joke too I mean
as much as I like Faso to compare Dom De la Weez's performance there with
Al Guinness and bridge on the river choir I think he won an Academy Award for it but this crowd
you know steam a queen and peppy on 16 wasn't that the sequel to butterflies are free
Marlon Brando on the waterfront 15 I could have been a contender wasn't that the movie I could
have been a contender that was it Russell Crowe beautiful mind and Dennis Hopper blue velvet 14
here's Bobby Vint in the Polish Prince to sing blue velvet Bella LaGosia in Dracula 12
I he should have done better net that was a great performance man just the eyes he was the original
guy with the eyes Jack Nicholson Robert and the Tridentown Robert DuValle great Santini and Malcolm
McDonough Clockwork Orange each had 12 11 votes for Humphrey Bogart and Keenine Mutiny Ned Bady and
Deliverance and Sidney Parte Raisin and Sonny each had 11 9 votes for Tom Cruise Booth on
the 4th of July and Rod Staggart in the heat of the night 9 James Khan in the godfather which
was a late addition how do you like that I told you he's in votes the thing your blood and brains
all over your nice I believe suit he had eight Jean Hackman French connection seven Robert
and your old awakening six Anthony Hopkins magic and Tony Perkins psycho five Daniel Day Lewis
in my left foot four Leejay Cobb and Rod Staggart Leejay Kaferana waterfront and Rod Staggart
the pond broker each had one I'm surprised we didn't put Linda Blair on there oh that's right
oh this was actors well you had Benny Davis on Eric Eric would have put it on or you don't know
he's has a hard time figuring out 928 at 560 WQ and I'll tell you where they know up from down
and in from out of that slayman Laman Zadil I'm always wanting to call it Laman Pontiac sorry
Tom but you got that big ego you know howlet Pontiac GMC where Tom Laman is your creator
or wonderful guys and they'll treat you right the way you want to be treated don't high
pressure no games no BS they won't grab your keys they won't squeeze your credit card or
anything else and they'll give you an unbeatable deal they got some great Neil Deals going on
right now at hell of Pontiac at Laman Pontiac Neil Deal number one gets 0% financing for 60
months and every Pontiac or GMC in stock Neil Deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every
new GMC in Pontiac in stock let me say it again because it sounds to good to be true but it ain't
get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new coward truck in stock and Neil Deal number three if you're
currently a GM smart lease or a smart buy customer and you're driving a Chevy Blazer old
bravado or GMC Jimmy buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price
stock by hell didn't test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix too while you be
at it hell of Pontiac GMC in a same stupendous location where their legendary at 134
one South Dixie highway that's US one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week
for information on these special deals called the Neil Deal hotline toll free at 1,88534
42 11 that's one triple eight five three four 42 11 don't forget all Neil Deal subject credit
approval CD before details at Halibut party at GMC Tom Lane and a whole gang there definitely
are professional grades. My line and local here sports radio five sixty zero zero a.m.
You asshole a slow-popper like nothing you'd seen before.
Excuse me a steam father. What is it my child? I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter? Oh father I am afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. Long sense I am your father. I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong. You promise you will still love me?
Of course my sweet child. Of father's love is not erased by a simple misneed. Very well I am
I am pregnant. Oh I see. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant
and not married. Yes father. I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help
of my friends and neighbours for stone you today. My daughter if he's written that this is
the punishment for what you have done. Could you check again? I should only be grounded.
No grounding is not what. It's the first time that my focus is on a fundamentalist and Middle East
in heaven. May I speak with you my esteemed husband. What is it my wife? I have something to tell you.
Am I listening? I am having an affair. Oh why see?
I'll put it back y'all to collect some stones. What do you mean? Yes I must drag you to the
Yobin as my wife. I keep following the lives of the Fuckner family. They deal with the many problems
that plague them. May I speak with you my esteemed father? Yes my son.
Last night I used a little drugs. Well what do you know? You are one lucky boy.
Why is that father? You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You will put him in the guiding shea. The guiding shea. I just shot a location in Baghdad or
9.33 how many stones does it take to stoned somebody today? That's what I'm hearing.
5.6705.60.560 on the AT&T line we're doing a new poll now. This out the RT we won't get anywhere near
the response for this like we did yesterday. You'll see. What was the best all-time performance in
a movie by an actress? We've got a list of 5 to get you started. I'll be frank it to that.
I told you that Toronto son the very ultra conservative Toronto son has got a series Canada
ghost of pot about the fact that any minute now it's going to be a decriminalization at the
very least here. Here's the latest stats. Grass growing it says poll shows marijuana support on
the rise in Canada. Here's their poll. They ask to be legalized to be legalized for medical purposes,
possession decriminalized or and just selling a crime or should always be illegal.
This was the survey of 1,501 Canadians conducted April 1 through 6. It should always be illegal only
14%. So in other words 86% of the people on Canada think that the pot should not always be illegal.
Should be legalized completely in other words not just decriminalized but completely legal 20%.
Possession decriminalized and made selling a crime but possession totally decriminalized 20%.
So they were already up to 40%. And should be legalized for medical purposes 43. So if you take
the three categories that say it should be legal for one reason or another you got 83% as opposed
to 14 say it should always be illegal. How do you like that huh? You know the more broad-minded,
a little more realistic than the periodanical Americans who have been repressed so long that they're
starting to at least pretend that they like it even though they don't. The best all-time
performance in a movie by an actress, Kathy Bates and Misery, Betty Davis, whatever happened to
baby Jane, Sally Field and Sybil, Fade Down Away in Network and Fade Down Away in Mommy Dearest.
That's the first five. And look at the way that phone is just ringing off the hook now. They can't
wait. Huh? I don't understand why. Best all-time performance in a movie by an actress, there
must be a few, there must be some. I mean yesterday the phones were smoking for the actors.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What did I tell you?
Pound 560 on the 18th team of Horizon Wireless Line, WQIM. Neil. Yes sir.
Hey I got a couple that I don't know you could pick which one Vivian Lee and Gone with the Wind
or Sally Field in Annie Hall. Vivian Lee and Goa with the Wind definitely yes. Sally Field in
Annie Hall. What did she do? Diane Keaton. Okay whatever. Also could you play it in the Harold?
Okay. Thanks. I have a right there. Yeah, it's in the Harold. I'll write a much of crap
as in the Harold. At damn Kevin Basterd. Are you out of your mind or what Kevin? What is wrong
with you? I think too much of that baseball has made your mind go soft. Too much in that sports
section. Right to the thing about 12 plus doesn't mention anything about QA. I'm nothing about
the individuals the Schmidt being number one in the afternoon on IOD. Not just about us but just
about anybody that's right. Just know here's the here's the 12 plus numbers. This is what I got.
Basically that's what he's saying. You're lazy Kevin. You must be hand out with Jicke a lot. You're
lazy. You don't want to do your homework. You don't want to get the real information and pass it
on to your audience. Just put a give a lick and a schmere and the big deal is oh WMIB men in black.
How many people who listen to WMIB you think read the Miami-Herald?
Yeah that's an exaggeration that's probably like 10 times a real number WQIM.
QIM hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I got one for you for your poll. Okay.
How about Glenn Close fatal attraction? Excellent choice. Yes sir. Thank you. Good talking to you.
And likewise short and sweet. That's a good one Glenn Close fatal attraction. Absolutely.
Now what do you think about him Michael Douglas? I think he's overrated. Oh quite. I mean I think he's
a good actor but I think he's become a legend in his own mind lately and also a sex prod in his
own mind. Oh I don't want to see Michael Jackson Michael or Michael Douglas naked either one of
them. Oh speaking of that tonight's two days small though you get to see Tom Walling's
rectum. Tom swelling rectum. That's the rumor anyway that's what they told us. Now what they
told us? That's what he said. You got a rear naked shot of Superman and I heard it was a super
rectum. That's what I heard. Two cheeks. Speaking of that is Glenn Close. Excellent choice to
get us started here today. Five six seven oh five sixty. Take our time on these. Let's not be in any rush.
No it's because it's not going to be like yesterday. You mark my words. I mean we got some lines
flashing here but it's not going to be like yesterday because like I told you before the women
have always been in kind of a subservient role in society and so an emotion picture in this
be is no different even though there were a lot of great actresses over the years they didn't get
the billing that the actors got and they didn't get the notoriety and etc and so on. Right?
Right. They may have gotten lead a lot more but nevertheless. WDQ I am. Yes like to speak with Neil.
Speaking. Neil I've got a nomination for your best actress there. Okay. Read a hayword in
a hayword. Hayword. Hayword. No her name is Hayworth. Well there's two there was Suzan Hayword.
No I'm sorry. Yeah Suzan Hayword. Suzan. Suzan Hayword in I want to live. Oh yeah.
That was that true story right? Yes sir. That was great. All right that's all I have. Okay thanks.
You're welcome. See it took about five times ever we got the right name Suzan Hayword.
Hey we're. Hey will you leave me alone. Now read a hayword. Didn't she die from some horrible
then she have like not Alzheimer's but some awful. I don't know. Huh? Well look it up.
Look it up be an air boy. Come on let's do something constructive. That's not all
be as lazy as Eric. I mean as Josh Friedman. And by the way that's a shot. I take that back.
It's an apology you owe to Eric for saying that mentioning the two of them in the same breath.
On his fattest day Eric was never in the same league with Josh Friedman especially lately
because a little fly in a wall told me this morning that Josh Friedman has just even before
his stomach stapling days he was never as much of a radio giant in our industry as he is today.
That's what Muff was telling me. He said if you saw that tub he's ballooned up like a cow.
And that what he said? I don't know if he used those words. Something like that. I can't say the word
on here because then jico read another column. 19 to 10 at 560 WPM what's the schedule look like
today. Oh it looks pretty interesting. The mad dog at one. That's the same stuff.
Hank in Louisville it's Derby week. Friday will be talking to Dave Johnson I'm sure. You know he's
one of ours. Huh? Radio broadcast it right? You're good. All simers. Dave Johnson has all simmers.
Maybe he'll forget to call us on Friday. Susan Hayward. Oh Susan Hayward has all three to Hayward.
Hank Goldberg and Louisville Derby three to seven to seven. Hurricane hotline at seven.
Oh which is a pretty terminal. Oh and at eight o'clock if the first hour didn't put you into
coma. Joseph Gackie ate tonight. Marlon's on deck at nine. And Marlon's at Arizona tried to
do better than last night. 935. They lost seven to one last night. It became to the baseball game and
Mark Eisenberg does it solo between two and six in the morning. I'm sure he's got plenty of practice.
Isn't he married Mark Eisenberg? Yes indeed. Hayward is probably still doing it solo with child.
With a child though less. Oh my god. Are you kidding me? No. A guy like Dan is reproducing.
No wonder the world's going to hell on a hand-basting. I'm telling you guys that's reproducing and that's
Jeff Cohen. He's reproducing his great food in a second-brow location. Was that clever or what?
No. It was kind of clever. I give it about a two on a scale 80. I give it about five on a scale.
About third man. Pizza loft just keeps getting better and better. And like I said now a second location
with the same great delicious fresh Italian goodies and the same low prices and the same big
gigantic portions. They give you enough food for like three people. In fact I know some people
in there go in more for a discount and they want to share. But at any rate every Monday at the
pizza loft is the lasagna night every two days eggplant night. I want to be dinners on these nights
get the second one for only five bucks. Wednesday kids eat free with it all seconds. He
Jeff's famous magician. Thursday is bite night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner
and get the second one for half price. And of course the combination dinners give you a chance to
try a little bit of this and a lot of that chicken and veal and seafood. Three different kinds of
great pizza. Those amazing garlic rolls just dripping with garlic. Calzone, super sums and lots more.
Jeff has it all for it. The pizza loft, the original brow location is on university drive right
behind Pier 1 in ports. Kitty corn, the armamentable cafe. That's a where is it between Griffith and
595 on university? That's what I just said with lots of free parking for takeoff or delivering
for catering call 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 8 and the other pizza loft the newest one
now is implantation out by me and my neck of the woods corner Navajo and sunrise right behind
the prestigious Walgreens call 9 5 4 3 8 2 9 9 3 8 2 9 9 9 it doesn't get no better than the
world famous pizza loft. My life and locals this is for trade oh by city.
It's almost over. My statue and pictures went away. Took a long time to make those toys.
You know what I mean? It's almost over. I'll have a chat knowing friends by me.
The press they love me unless I'm already dead.
Hey who knows? Hey who knows? Boy this flow. Boy this flow. But like I said, I don't want to live here
no more. I should move to the Jersey Shore. Maybe sell them way door to door or open a
rug store. Maybe get a house and a cat. My friend who's in here the hat. Get some
light butter and more fat. I think I like that. It's almost over. They killed all my handsome
love. They were good looking man. You gotta say that. It's almost over. Now I don't need all my
9 9 5. You know, you can find it on 9 5. You don't just walk into the like the Kmart. Get it.
That's a special order from Pomeranian. Maybe it was broken down. Oh I love this store. I'm
better. I better read it to during the next break to make sure that this next level is one
about misdrudge. Okay. What a bunch of drudgery huh? This is great. Anyway and then why did you
send me that thing about our good friend? Okay. So you can say that I'm not interested.
I'm not interested. Okay. I got it. I'm not interested. Let's see. Here's one that says,
Neil Watt to have to concede the Duval performance in a great the Santini was amazing. I'd suggest
anybody who saw the big clock. Wasn't that with Bud Cahier? That was beat the clock. Oh.
Bud Cahier who played Superman on a radio dummy. You better get with it. You're pretty
slipping. First you send me faxes that you know I don't want and now you don't know who Bud Cahier is.
Hope it was also on to tell the truth. Anybody who saw the big clock would be knocked out with
Charles Lotton's villain played it against Ray Milan. See it. This is the big clock.
Okay. I'll see if I can find it. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT and T and
Verizon wireless line. An amazing. What is this website here? T-bog with 2G's T-bog.blogspot.com
an excellent weblog it says. Then here's some shocking stuff about Mr. Rudge. At any rate 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Who was the best all time
what was the best all time performance in a movie by an actress we're doing today. Yes,
today we did the actors and of course Jack Nicholson and Cuckoos Nest one and Marlon Brando
came in a very respectable really tough second in the Godfather. You cannot do like a man.
Look at that. Would you like to do that to Josh Freeman and watch just about 20 pounds of ugly
cellulite going flying off against the wall? You were making some really cost of comments about him.
Oh look at this. The A-Rod Central website listed the following road hotels for the Texas Ranger.
See you in the hotel. I beg your pardon. You're going to go cop on him.
Now see there's going to be 5, whatever I don't know the capacity of the Skydome but it's
going to be a sell out crack because they still think it's for a bucket piece and they didn't do it
to piss anybody off. They did it to try to get I mean they've actually been drawn 17,000
a game for Kansas City which isn't all that bad because their attendance here has been dwindling
in recent years but you know the weather is beautiful. The dome will be open. Oh the dome will be
open and makes it makes it even worse. Goddory knows what'll be floating in their pay ride. Yeah
and there'll be like 45, 50,000 fans in there and I'm sure a lot of them will want autographs to pay
right? Oh no. No. With their pen. They had to pen. Oh my god that's right they might have had
their pen in their rectum. What an idiot he is. What a tragedy. Here's a good one. What about
Liz Taylor and who's afraid of Virginia Wolf? That is absolutely correct. That may have been her
best performance. You say that? Absolutely. Liz Taylor and who's afraid of Virginia Wolf?
I'm just going to write who's afraid because I don't have the luxury of all the spirit time to
write crap down like you guys do. Okay. Also what about Audrey Hepburn and my fair lady?
Audrey Hepburn was in my fair lady. I thought it was Julianne Ruse. I never saw it.
Audrey Hepburn was in my fair lady. I guess. What do you mean you get? And what about Mohawar
David in cinematics is the manual. So anyway, my friend Hilton Hotel. It says the hotel page was
disabled but I was able to look at it using Google's cache a function cache. How do you say that?
Cache. Cache sounds like sashay. That's drudgery. Anyway let's go check that out. Just like that.
Liz Taylor who's afraid of Virginia Wolf? What? Catherine Hepburn was in my fair lady.
Audrey. Audrey. Audrey. When you make up your mind let's see we got a really
big keyword. Who's in hayworth? Are we putting them? We're not putting that down there. In fact,
Audrey Hepburn should be in there for um what was the great movie with Audrey Hepburn? Come on real quick.
Funny face. No that's funny face. The great Audrey Hepburn movie. Come on.
You got me. Are you out of your mind? What's wrong with you? Somebody will call him. Let's hope.
They will trust me when I tell you and I'll know it is the moment that they blurted out.
There it is. She's another one I thought was overrated. Audrey Hepburn? Yeah.
She was overrated in her looks but she was a good actress. WQIM.
Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Nail, is that you? It sounds like me. Yes.
I usually used to hear like a little fuzzy sound when you picked up. I didn't hear it.
Now we're trying to eliminate that so we really catch you off-guarding.
You certainly did. I have one for your poll. Okay.
Gear and breathless. Richard gear. In breathless. You ever seen that movie?
The best all-time performance by an actress. Richard gear. Like I said, Richard gear. In breathless.
Oh okay.
I think that guy probably pitted his durable one time too many last night and affected his mind.
Audrey Hepburn in breathless activities. Never saw it. See it came to me right there.
Breathless activities. Get that on there. That was her definitive movie the way from where I'm sitting.
I could be wrong. I think I'm wrong. I don't know. Well you never saw it. So what tell you know?
5.6.7.0.5.60.5.60 on the AT&T. And what about Grace Kelly? What about her?
Grace Kelly in How about True Love which was a corny movie or How about in Rear Window?
I like Rear Window a lot. Let's put Rear Window for Grace Kelly. A lot of people like
Grace's Rear Window. How come Jimmy Stewart was not our poll yesterday for male actors?
And you want to know the reason why? Why? Because he didn't deserve the big. Okay.
Talk about overrated. I mean Jimmy Stewart was he was always Jimmy Stewart.
He was always the same. And he was very good in Rear Window. That was a great movie.
I tell you, Raymond Burr was good. And there are two even though his role wasn't that huge.
She was pretty good. I mean Raymond Burr was good. Well this guy's going to call Richard Geer or
whatever he's calling him. Just because he likes his Barnard animals. At least we know about Raymond
Burr. She was something else. 5.6.7. In fact he used to call him Old Iron-esque.
WDQIM. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey how's it going? It's going pretty good. Excellent. How about
Demi Moore and G.I. Jane? What do you say George? I never saw it but this must be a joke.
No, she played a... She did okay. The G.I. Jane. Not bad. We're putting it on there man.
Just a good George. Thank you. What do you mean it's a joke? Why do you say that?
That means you never saw it. I never saw it either but just because the comic says it.
No, I'm so skeptical about the colors. I can't imagine why. Yeah.
Demi Moore. I mean I never took her like a serious actress. Why not? Just because.
Well how do you know? I've seen her in other things. She's just whatever. Just like you don't think
Aubrey Hempburn was a good actress. I think you're full of crap. How do you like that? Okay.
I didn't say that but whatever. You thought she was overrated right? And I'm telling you she was not
overrated. She was outstanding. Now speaking of a rear window what about some of the other
Hitchcock movies and how about Tippy Headwind and the Birds? Okay there you go. I agree.
See? See if you start thinking in categories then a flood of names starts pouring out.
And you open up the window and a flood of birds comes flying in. That was good. I mean you know by
today's standards a lot of people will criticize that movie because the special effects were pretty
primitive you know. But by those standards I have to get the book out. What year was that?
62 I don't know. Oh this book if this book don't weigh 163. That was close.
63. You got that fast? Yeah he's on there. He's on the IMDB or something.
With the fingers yeah. Oh brother he is on top of it. Bird with Cloon Eastwood.
Bird on a wire. Well bird on a wire was good except for the fact that Mel Gibson was in it.
And Goldie Hahn. Bird on a wire. Remember that? Yeah. Birdman of Alcatraz with Birdline
Caster. The Bird Cage. Oh that's what's his name's favorite isn't it? Right.
Moe rather went to Bird Cage in the Fagidoran. That's his whole life. In fact I understand the
reason that Moe wasn't today. I understand he had a hot date last night with Rickson and
Tormony. We're each other out. The Birds here it is 1963 with the Tippie Edwin Rod Taylor. I forgot
that Rod Taylor was an employee. And he was a good actor but not a star actor. He was always
like a secondary role. He was good. I liked Rod. Suzanne Plachette. Jessica Tandy. Ruth McDevitt
and a bunch of other people we never heard of. There's the Birds is coming. The Advanced Postures
Twittered ungramatically but with justifiable excitement. With death dropping
dry a blandly out of a clear sky it's menace magnified into a apocalypse from the crop
dusting scene in North by Northwest. This is Hitchcock Ed is best it says.
Full of subterranean hints is to the ways in which people cage each other. It's fierce and
Freudian as well as great cinematic fun with ample fodder for the amateur psychologist following
up on Hitch's virtuous involvement with his leading ladies. Yeah he said she was a little
tipsy. Now she was one of the first ones that came out and said that he was like pawing all
over all the leading ladies in all his move right. We're very demanding. He wanted it.
Oh that huh he wanted it all. Well if you look like that I wanted it. That was his day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 so we got Tippie Edwin under for the Birds. What about the North
by Northwest? Who was in that? Wasn't that Grace Kelly? No was it? No. I just saw that a couple
weeks ago. Kerry Grant and who? God I haven't seen it like 20 years.
That's it she'll get on there whoever the hell I was. We'll get into it. This
realized we got a long way to go. We got four hours today to chew on this and mull on it
and spit on it. Even Marie Saint. She was also on the waterfront. She was a great actress.
Even Marie Saint from North by Northwest.
Okay and how come Kerry Grant was not on our list yesterday? He certainly had to be in movies
that slipped our mind. And you know who else was not there? William Holden.
Cragic. North by Northwest. Thomas William Holden was the one of the all-time grand actors.
So I guess they couldn't put him down for network because he was over I thought he was over.
He was great in there but he was overshadowed by Peter Finch. I would think. Wouldn't you?
9 57 at 5 60 WQM if your pool is looking crappy man. If it's state, if it's dirty, if it's cracking,
if it's a pile of crap. If you don't want it to hop into it because it's in such bad shape,
do yourself a big favor. Just take one last look at that mess say no mow ugly pool.
And call our good pizons at Atlantic Marseille. These aren't just a couple of pool guys who drive
around town and to beat a pool pickup truck and claim to be pool experts. This is a real honest
to goodness construction company. At Atlantic Marseille, they use full-time employees, not subcontractors
and they specialize in the most incredible innovation at the pool business in a coons age.
Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license,
they're insured professionals, they even train other companies internationally all over the
world how to do diamond breading and they'll give you the same price to give those contractors.
Atlantic Marseille does jobs in North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach County so give them a call.
They're the largest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in town. They'll come right to you with
no obligation. They'll be happy to give you a free estimate. They also do a super job of pool
and decorative innovations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too.
For the best called Atlantic Marseille Tool Free, 1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-883. Diamond Bright,
do it right because Diamond Bright as well as tell you is a pool's best friend.
And rodents meet.
He's their way from my cricket.
When your love life is dull, there's no need to stop far.
Just head down to the patch shop for another.
Another lover.
Come on and do the rich again.
Rich I get up.
Rich I get up.
Rich I get up.
Rich I get up.
Rich I get up.
Every one now is a merry catch up allow.
Every one now is a merry catch up allow.
Hello to this is a great facts about Miss Grudge and about how he's in a pocket of Richard
Melon's scape and all this other good stuff. That's a good stuff. Interesting, fascinating.
Ain't it? Yeah.
Riveting.
Anyway, well, save it for a little bit later on.
Here's Rich Pactor who says and I think he's right, he says I know you think she's a needle-nosed
bitch but Merrill Streep and I do think she's a needle-nosed bitch but I never said she wasn't
a good actress. Right? Did I?
Nope.
Fees a needle-nosed bitch who happens to be a good actress. That's all I would say.
All right.
In go-8 my days.
So-peace choice. You got it down?
Yeah.
Kathleen Turner and Body Heat.
Okay.
Rich also says another subject. Check out William Grider's column.
Rolling back to 20th century on www.thanasian.com.
It's too long to fax it but it's a clear view what's going on.
Okay, I'll put that over there and I'll check it out when it's done.
Probably it says here most of your audience never saw the movie but Hillary Swank was
terrific as Brendan Tina and boys don't cry. That's what everybody says.
I did see that movie. Was that the one where she played a boy?
Right.
Where she played a girl who wanted to be a boy.
Well that's what I mean.
Yeah. She dressed up like a boy.
I saw that.
I also saw the documentary about her life and Hillary not only looked so much like her slash him
when she spoke you couldn't tell which one was the real Brendan Tina which one was an actress
playing the part. She did win the Oscar that year and deserve it.
Well let's put her down there.
Brendan Tina boys don't cry.
What are you laughing about?
Can we put Hillary Swank down instead?
Oh I'm sorry.
Well what did I put the Jackie Jeeh?
Hillary Swank. I rather put down Brendan Tina.
That sounds like a fake name.
Hillary Swank.
Swank.
Grimes with Wank.
I just I don't know.
Doesn't it?
Well it does.
Well she wanted to be a boy.
You can't be a boy without a wank.
A wanker.
Okay boys don't cry.
We got it.
Sorry.
I did see the movie.
Okay.
In fact it was not again just recently but it wasn't good enough to watch the second time.
Was it good enough to watch once?
Yes.
Okay.
It was cute.
I mean, it was cute.
She looked like Ralph Machio.
See I saw the documentary but not the movie.
See what I just said?
Ralph Machio.
See that's who she looked like.
I find him very annoying and he still looks the same.
Right.
He's 70.
Huh?
He does.
He's 72 years old just like Robbie Benson and he looks the same like when they were 15.
He has a wife you know Ralph Machio.
He got married when he was about three.
He's you know he just got take cash to know stupid the karate movies.
Who is the older Chinese guy?
Oh uh.
Pat marita.
Pat marita.
Pat marita.
Pat marita yeah.
I mean enough with a kung fu.
You know in fact after I saw about the 30th one.
But third man.
That's what I wanted to say every time I come
for something that sounded like that.
Kathleen Turner.
Turner body heat.
She co-starred with him hurting a stunning
sensual performance.
It's a jury of Anita Springs.
Thank you.
Jerry we got her down don't we?
Yeah.
He's right.
We have her breakfast in Tiffany's.
We got that.
Jessica Tandy and driving Miss Daisy.
I never saw it.
Everyone raves about it.
Really?
Yeah.
Well let's put it down.
Let's not be too uh you know.
Picky here.
Whatever they say give it a shot.
Just like Robert Duval said in network.
Why not give it a shot?
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
When we're having that lunch.
And Nelson stood up and said I don't fancy
myself president of a horror network.
And he said your indignation has been
duly noted Nelson you can always
reside tomorrow.
It's now sit on.
Remember that?
Yep.
How do I remember this crap?
Why do I remember?
See wouldn't it be great if our minds
wouldn't be selective about the thing you remember?
Geez.
I mean like careless volato with Joe Martin Jr.
and a little Tony and what?
That's taking up valuable space in your brain.
Right.
Floyd Venable Jr. and uh
Lee Roy P.
Remember that asshole?
I grew up with Lee Roy P.
Where are these people come from?
I saw Lee Roy P.
I saw Lee Roy P.
Some of you come from.
Did you see Lee Roy P?
Right.
I was trying to look the other way.
Ingrid Bergman in Anastasia.
What was the great movie she was in?
Joan of Arc.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well which one?
I mean we can put it down for more than one.
We did that several with several actors yesterday.
Why not?
Ingrid Bergman.
Who's baby she having this week?
No now.
I like the grid Bergman.
She was a little butch though.
She had huge hands.
She could pull my beard.
Or she could just turn you inside out.
I guarantee you that.
Yeah.
Ingrid Bergman for Anastasia and Ingrid Bergman for Joan of Arc.
Got it.
Got it.
And Dustin Hoffman.
I meant to see.
Not good.
Ooh.
Stars.
Not good.
Sounds like I'm seeing stars.
I'm falling right toward a hotel where what's the name?
Stan Payride.
Jane Fond in a China syndrome.
Okay.
We want to put that down.
It was 100 years ago.
I don't remember it being you know all that but whatever.
Well let's put her down.
Good old Hanoi Jane.
China syndrome.
Jane Fond I totally we've been have a long list today.
Did I say about a hundred times more than we had yesterday or at least?
About 30 man.
More than we had on the actors.
Well I don't know.
I'll speak out of females.
You know the feature store we have on our website about the Ashley Banfield.
Yes.
Well wouldn't you know?
NBC's Banfield chided over criticisms.
NBC news president Neil Shapiro is taking correspond to an Ashley Banfield to the wood shed
for a speech in which he criticized the networks for portraying the Iraqi war as glorious and
wonderful.
And she was absolutely correct.
Right on target.
Banfield delivered her remarks Thursday at Kansas State University.
She and we both agree that she didn't intend to demean the work of her colleagues
and she will choose her words more carefully in the future.
NBC spokeswoman said Monday proving that in America you can never tell the truth.
You can never say what's really on your mind without being given a bunch of crap for it.
And she'll probably get canned pretty soon.
Other sources inside NBC said Banfield promised an effect not to do it again and check her facts
before making public statements in the future.
She had criticized NBC in the speech for closing its bureau in Kabul, Afghanistan.
The statement that network said was untrue as if that was really all that important.
Sources said Shapiro balled her out for what were perceived as criticisms over the war
coverage of all the networks including NBC and NBC.
In her speech Banfield said that network said portray the Iraqi war as glorious and wonderful
because they had failed to show the bloody horrors of the battles and she was absolutely on target.
There was no indication whether Shapiro was upset over the entire speech.
Banfield also lambed at Fox News Channel and MSNBC talk show host Michael Savage
or just the elements that were critical of the networks were coverage.
Speaking of Michael Savage, my mother the other day, of course, you know what a brilliant political
analyst she is. She was trying to tell me last week about some new guy on MSNBC that she really likes.
Yeah. And she says to me, yes, yes, yes, to that colder.
I think his name is Michael Savage.
I said, he's a right wing lunatic ma.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I mean, why bother, you know.
NBC and Siders said few people took Banfield's comments seriously because of her lack of experience.
She is largely working for MSNBC these days and her prime time show on that work failed last summer.
I don't think people took to actually Banfield to set the standards of journalism on person
said about the reactants of the department. People were sort of rolling their eyes.
Well, too bad because she at least ended up balls until it like it was.
Reporters who have returned from Iraq have defended that worse lack of blood and guts video saying
it was impossible to film much of it because of logistical reasons.
They also noted that embedded reporters didn't see action much of the time in Iraq.
Right. How is it that everybody else got those photos, huh?
Must have just been the American journalist who couldn't get the information and get those pictures.
Boy. Well, anyway, you can read on the summer website today but she's taking crap
because she had the audacity to tell it like it is and was right on target.
Nice going actually. You can lose those stupid glasses by the way, bitch.
Oh, it's ridiculous. Best actress nominations and Margaret is Kim McAfee and Bye-Bye,
Birdie. Never saw it. Cheetah Rivera is Rosy D'Leon and Bye-Bye, Birdie and Paul
and there's Mr. McAfee and Bye-Bye, Birdie. Here's what it says. Hillary Swank, boys, don't cry.
What an Oscar. We just put that down. Francis McDormand Fargo. Yeah. Really? You should see Fargo.
You'd like it. It's not a story, even though it says it is, but it's just a good movie.
What's it about? Murder, kidnapping, kind of a thing in North Dakota. It's kind of funny.
It's kind of funny. It sounds hysterical. Yeah, it's a riot.
Jody Foster and Nell. Yeah. She got nominated or got an Oscar or something for that.
Wasn't it like a retarded movie? Yeah. Well, she wasn't retarded. She just learned to talk funny
from her. She had a cracker mom or grandma that had had a stroke and couldn't talk right.
So she grew up talking that way. What about Jody Foster in Silence of the Lamb?
Doctor, doctor. Really bad performance. Right. We're not putting that one down.
Oh, Catherine Hepburn in the African Queen already wrote it. Do you did? Yeah.
This is from Mike Oxlone, who's now become Hugh G.
Rektion. Right. Don't send me his faxes anymore. I told you, but you won't listen to me.
I'll keep forgetting which ones. I thought he had some good suggestions.
He does. He just too chronic. He's out of control. But he does a good one though.
Thank Mike. Thanks. Thanks. Mike's. You Catherine Hepburn in the African Queen. I think I'm getting a sore throat.
You hear it? I think Payride probably bought some other kind of disease to town if you ask me just to get
even with everybody else. Sounds like an upper respiratory thing to me, don't? No.
Huh? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
12 minutes past 10 at QIM with Mother's Day just around the corner.
Want to ask you this question? Is that guest bed ready? No. Well, hey, if the old bed in the other room
is sagging, lumpy or just worn out, you need to pick up the phone and call our friends at
Donald Mantras 1 800 mattress because they've got the best in the universe to complete line of
Sura, Sili King coil and Simmons to choose from. You sure a lot, Mom,
sleeping on some crappy or lumpy mattress because you'll never stop bitching about it for the
rest of your life. Don't put it off any longer. Donald Mantras is the place to call because they're
the best in the world. Nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel every day than a great
night's sleep. Unless, of course, you got some kind of a respiratory problem. I've called 1 800
mattress many a time. It's the easiest and smartest way to buy a mattress. They got more repeat
referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers right. Once you buy
a mattress from Donald Mantras over the phone, you will never again waste your time and gas and
hard-earned cash, shopping and those over-priced showrooms again. When you buy a mattress from
Donald Mantras, they set up the new and take away your crappy old nasty stained,
soiled, smelly, sooty and mattress for free. That's right. Donald Mantras sets up the new and
takes away the crappy old bedding for free. Have a mother's day, a mommy sleeping like a baby on a
brand new bed from Donald Mantras. She can be laying on her watch and Michael Savage on MSNBC.
Call 1 800 MATTRES. That's 1 800 mattress. The easy the smart way to get you and mom a great new bed
from Mother's Day or anytime.
Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
It's your end of government needs to cooperate with the United States and our coalition partners and
not harbor any parents' wishes.
One day you'll see things in a similar way. If you don't stop, we're partnering terrorism.
If you don't stop, our troops will be out here. Answer us clear to a boy no war.
Where is the dump? Where is the dump? Try to think about what times it comes.
And it depends on all the things that you've done.
Listen to what America's telling you. We'll be right past the drop of our war too.
If you don't stop, we're partnering terrorism. If you don't stop, our troops will be out here.
Answer us clear to a boy no war. Where is the dump? Where is the dump?
That's traffic and weather. I'm Mark Morgan on sports radio 560 Q-A-M.
Oh, brother. He was in good form today. I'll tell you. Q-A-M.
Get that man some KO pectate. Okay. 1060 and 560 WDQM.
What was the best all-time performance in movie by an actresses?
Our poll question and receiving a spectacular response. I'm shocked.
Kathy Bates and Misery. Betty Davis, whatever happened to baby Jane. Sally Field and Sybil.
Fade down away in network. Fade down away in the mommy dearest. Vivian Lee gone with the wind. Glenn Close fatal attraction. Susan Hayward, I want to live.
Was that Rita?
Was it any Haywood? Soft summer breeze? On deck of records? That's for Volka Brian. I'm sure he's listening.
Susan Hayward, I want to live. Liz Taylor, who's afraid of the Virginia Wolf?
Audrey Hepburn, breakfast at Tiffany's. Why don't you like Audrey Hepburn?
I did raise Kelly rear window. Demi Moore, G.I. Jane. Tippy, headwind the birds.
Even Marie St. North by Northwest. Kathleen Turner, body heat.
Merrill Streep, Sophie's choice. Hillary Swank. Boys don't cry.
Was it Hillary Swank or was it Brendan Bettino? It was Hillary's.
Wank. Hillary's Wank. Jessica Tandy driving Miss Daisy.
Grabbing me crazy. Ingrid Bergman and Estasia.
Ingrid Bergman and Joan of Arc. Jane Fonda the China Syndrome. Francis McDormand and Fargo.
Jodie Foster in Nell and Catherine Hepburn in the African Queen. That's what we got so far.
A long way to go. 11 o'clock will put it up on the other thing.
Okay. If we got doubles on here.
Can I have one? Another one we already have on here?
Why not? Because I thought Vivian Lee's performance in...
No, why can't I think of that title?
Marlon Brando.
Speak car name desire.
Oh, as blank.
Speak car name desire. Good choice.
She had a little problem.
Okay. That's a good one. Vivian Lee's Speak car name desire.
Boy, I've told you there was an endless number of these.
Nice to see that before the show.
Yeah, you did. Something like that.
So look at a whole bunch of names today.
F- Third man.
Sigourney Weaver and Alien. Why are they obsessed with that?
That was a great acting performance.
I mean, he liked watching it, but that...
I mean, we could put down Brook Shields and...
What was that flick?
Blue the Goon.
The blue look of the blue Goon.
We could put that on there. A paradise and...
What's its name?
P-B-A-Kates.
Catherine Harris citizen bush.
That's cute.
Yeah.
Why do they all have to be comedians? Are they funny?
No. Are they amusing?
No.
Catherine Hepburn and Rooster Cobbern.
Okay.
How do we leave off... What's his name yesterday?
Shane.
Brandon Newwilder in Shane.
Did you mention him?
I mentioned him for all fall down with the Carl Maldon.
Kienesmas Macho, Carl Maldon or Ken Maldon.
How's Ken doing?
He's fine.
Good. How you doing, Ken?
Are you not there?
I don't know.
Well, I don't know. That's hard for me to tell,
because you don't tell me nothing.
All you told me was Josh Frieden was his biggest house.
I thought you said he bought a house,
and then it turned out he was his biggest house.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Sicily Tyson, and whatever that movie where she played old lady.
Who was it?
Sicily Tyson.
I can't remember the name of the movie.
Sicily Tyson.
Sicily.
Yeah.
Did she play the movie where...
Reconnaissance Purple.
No, no, no.
It was the name of a lady,
but she played her all the way from when she was like 20,
up to where she was 105 or something.
Hillary Swank.
Grandma Moses.
Someone will come up with it,
but she was...
Somebody will know, okay, thanks.
Thanks for giving us a little bit of a start.
There you go. Sicily Tyson is starring in...
Tulips for Tulio.
I don't know.
I don't think I've ever seen a movie with Sicily Tyson, have you?
Nope.
How about in the great Santini?
What's your name?
That played the wife?
She's a great actor.
Oh, she is. Who was that?
Flight Danor.
Yeah.
Wasn't she in that or my dream?
I don't know.
I don't know from Flight Danor.
And she's the mother of...
I don't know.
I used to know this.
Green with Paltrow.
Now, I don't know.
What are them?
I don't know from Flight Danor.
Boy, you're sure you're not Flight Danor.
I know.
She played Robert DuVall's wife.
She was great with that drippin' Southern accent of hers.
I was sticking around there.
Who?
Flight.
No.
I mean, she was very good,
but that would be like putting Mama Corleone on there.
You know, she was good too.
What was her name?
Come on.
You can do it.
Mama Corleone.
In fact, don't we have that...
Oh, yeah.
We had the tune.
We used to have it, but we don't have that anymore.
That, that, that.
Or could it be?
That, that, that.
It was on a card somewhere.
That, that, that, that.
I'll never think of it.
Too much drugs.
That, that, that, that.
She was a great actress too.
And I can't think of her name.
Mama Corleone.
I'll have to look it up.
I mean, I thought she had that big of a wool in the movie.
We only saw her in the kitchen.
Where's where I was a tiny woman?
It's been all of their time.
In the kitchen and in the kitchen.
And at the table.
In the sack.
The golden seal.
The goddess.
The goddess.
There you go.
She's not on here.
How can that be?
They don't list her.
They got, well, they have only got, I mean, let's face it.
It's a movie that had 500 stars.
Oh, we got the Godfather legacy over here.
I beg your pardon?
We got the Godfather legacy book in here.
Okay.
I mean, as soon as you say it, it'll be...
Well, both be so embarrassed.
No, I know.
We should just quit.
Nenusimone.
Who?
No, I'm just kidding.
But in fact, Nenusimone just died here a couple of days ago.
That's why that name came to my mind.
The great jazz singer, Nenusimone.
She died?
Right.
Morgana King.
Who?
Morgana King.
That's what I said.
Didn't I say that?
No.
I said Larry King.
Morgana King.
I'm so sorry.
She was great.
No, nothing.
Nothing were put in her down a way then,
because she had a very small role.
But she was great.
Lee Remick, the days of wine and roses.
I like that.
In fact, I like Lee Remick.
I like Lee Remick.
I never saw that movie then.
Well, put it down.
How about...
Oh, I'm telling you.
Why did I say that?
That there were going to be so few?
I don't know why I said that.
There's so many.
In that horror movie.
Angie Dickinson.
What was the name of that movie?
Dress the kill.
You don't think?
Sure.
Of course, she got killed off early, early in the movie.
But I still think she was outstanding.
Dress the kill.
Angie Dickinson.
And how come we never put him on yesterday?
Either Michael Cain did we put him on for anything?
No.
That's a shame.
That's not right.
Let's renew the one from yesterday.
What do you say?
Oh, right.
That's bad.
The man who would be king was the one that I was trying to think of yesterday with him.
The man who would be queen?
Yeah.
Good movie.
With who?
Him and Sean Connery.
And it takes place like in Afghanistan or Uzbekistan or somewhere like that.
I was thinking of that Fag movie he was in with Christopher Reeve.
And it's only 1025.
We're going to have a list of about 500 here before we get done.
We might have to carry this over for weeks.
And who I thought, wow, I don't know.
Probably won't get more than a couple.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
On a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, WDQAM.
Neil, you're missing one of the winners.
Okay.
Yeah, my mouth goes rocks in hell.
Well, we said that yesterday.
Linda Blair, yeah, let's get around it right away.
Thanks.
See you start getting a little silly there.
And as soon as I said, okay, let's get around.
Okay.
Well, he was right.
We mentioned that yesterday.
I just forgot about it.
We got so many other ones going on here.
In fact, didn't you deterred me from that?
You said that.
It was like, back up all over the place.
Compose you.
It was a head turner.
I'll say that.
You said, turd.
I said, turd.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
Huh?
You said, deterred.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
He's a little off his feet.
Did I just ignore George, please?
More than usual.
11 o'clock.
We'll put the poll up there for you.
Not like three minutes after 11.
Not like 11.15.
Not like 10.59.22.
11 o'clock.
We'll open up the poll and let the general public vote on this thing.
Because it is highly important that a lot of people are chopping up the bit and they want
to do it and get it over with.
So they can get out with their busy lives and try to find something to do.
10.26 at 5.60 QAM.
We're sports radio 5.60.
QAM.
Are they dick in the White House?
You've tried those other breakfast cereals that claim to be all-natural.
Now get the real thing.
Introducing cow logs, sugar pops.
To bring you all-natural fiber-rich goodness, cow logs went straight to the farm.
Lightly toasted what we found.
Then sweetened it.
So next time you're shopping, don't just reach for any breakfast cereal.
Reach for the all-natural cow log sugar plops.
It's like nothing you've ever tasted for breakfast.
We...
Guaranteed.
10.30 at 5.60 WQAM.
We've got a gigantic oozing large listing.
Speaking of numbers and the lists, how is Muffin with those numbers?
No news yet.
See, if we have to rely on him because it's always, well, I don't know how to do that program
or my computer won't do it or like, you know, I got another headache, whatever it is.
But Manny Bell, when that little perp comes running there, then we get the real stuff.
You know, with Muffin we're just like, you know, for play.
But when Manny Bell comes charging through there, then you got the real crap.
Here's an article I want to read a little bedtime story before we get back to our survey
since we've already got 700 names on it.
On Victory and Bragging Rights by Rosa Maria Pigueros.
You know Rosa?
No.
Well, Rosa is an associate professor in the Department of History and Women's Studies program
at the University of Rhode Island.
Now, there was an article in the New York Times by Tom Friedman on Sunday.
Once in a while Tom Friedman writes something that makes sense,
but most of the time I would say he's an asshole.
And evidently Rosa agrees.
And it was not on our website.
Did you notice that Carlos?
The Tom Friedman column was not on the website.
God, Satan.
No, the meaning of a skull.
All right.
The meaning of a skull, Tom Friedman's New York Times column Sunday morning draws her attention
to a photo that appeared in his newspaper recently of an Iraqi on his knees weeping over the skull
of his son, a political prisoner.
The son was one of thousands killed by Sodom Hussein whose bodies were dumped in that site.
That's his Friedman.
Is all the justification he needs for the U.S. going to war?
He can't understand why those of us who refuse to celebrate feel as we do.
Friedman's speculation about the reason for our reluctance are probably right,
but the most obvious reason that a small percentage of Americans, including me, won't rejoice, is this.
The last time I saw pictures of people taking out of the mutilated bodies of the victims of an unjust war,
the bodies were Guatemalan and the bullets were American.
And the time before that the bodies were Nicaragua and the bullets were American,
used by the CIA supported the confrors.
And the time before that they were Salvadoran.
Guess where the bullets came from?
For the sake of stability in the Western hemisphere, the U.S. was willing and they eager to supply the arms
needed by tin-horn dictators to pacify their citizens.
It isn't just that our hands aren't clean or that we aren't pure enough,
but that the United States is actively engaged in covert activities,
the overthrow of leaders who didn't suit us, and the state terrorism against their citizens.
We have a frightening record of killing and terror that most of us prefer to forget.
80% of the American people may be willing to overlook the government's lies about weapons of mass destruction,
even if they find any evidence of WMD, the invasion rests on a big lie.
Secretary of State Powell, a man I once respected,
stood before the United Nations and said that the United States has had incontroverable evidence
of Saddam's possession of WMD, what Bush Powell and Rummy had was a hunch.
Not enough to convince our neighbors or our longstanding allies,
but enough to roll over any objections, waste lives of American soldiers and Iraqi civilians and win the war.
Periodically, Rumsfeld declared that this time they found the evidence only to back down
when it proved to be something else. They will not even allow Hans Blitz and the U.S. weapons inspectors
to search with the American troops of the WMDs, they say they don't need them.
Could it be more obvious that the one thing they don't need is someone with worldwide respect
and authority to expose them when they plant the evidence?
The United States is the most powerful country in the history of the world.
Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great would jewel at the weaponry at our disposal,
but the greatness of a country doesn't come from how many weapons it has.
For all the boasting about the liberties that our soldiers were ostensibly defending,
allies that disagreed with us have been pilloried and faced punitive sanctions.
U.S. citizens who protested the war are savaged by their fellow citizens.
We can ignore the fact that the Bush administration lies
so it could go ahead with the invasion of Iraq.
We can ignore the history that the United States has supporting dictators who kill their own people,
including Saddam Hussein.
We can ignore the immoral sales of weapons that boost the U.S. economy
and we're used to keep people of other countries down by their own governments.
We can ignore the fact that most of our reservists were working class people
who joined the reserves to have a cushion of security for their families.
Some of these brave soldiers will one day be veterans,
some of them so damaged mentally or physically that they'll need our support
and that the Bush administration is already cutting services for veterans
even as he hands out prayers for their recovery.
Prayers are cheap and soothing words, but don't pay the rehab bills Mr. President.
We can ignore the irregularities of the 2000 presidential election that brought this president to power.
Going back in our history, we can ignore the genocide of Native Americans in theft of their lands.
Those patriotism rests on ignorance.
From where I stand, it looks like the hypocrisy is hip-deep and rising.
Can it be that the freedom is guaranteed by the Bill of Rights,
or is there a fragile issue of lies?
What are the real choices an American has in this situation?
I refuse to accept that this hypocrisy is at the core of our freedoms.
It may be an upper-town freedom, but it's not enough for me.
If we can ignore all of those things, we can sleep in these e-conchants.
George W. Bush does, but we better stop bragging to the rest of the world about our freedoms.
Right, Rosa Maria Pegueras, an associate professor in Department of History and Women Studies at University of Rhode Island.
You go to the article, I'll tell Rosa what?
I said, you go girl.
You go girl friend.
That's what we say.
Oh, and a chemical fine, remember that?
The chemical fine it's on our website today.
Maybe rocket fuel.
Let's play out in John and rocket man.
A metal drum found in Iraq that initially tested positive for a nerve agent could in fact contain rocket fuel.
A US expert has said two mobile chemical laboratories found nearby might also have been used for mixing the fuel and not making banned weapons.
The chief chemical weapons officer, the fourth infantry division added.
How do you like that?
Initial test showed that the contents of the barrel tested positive for the nerve gas, cyclocerin and blister agent that could be a precursor of mustard gas.
But by design, initial test procedures favor positive readings airing on the side of caution to protect soldiers.
The second team of inspectors, a specialist mobile exploitation team suspects that it might be rocket fuel and is not returned to the site and coming days for further test until we can plant some goods.
I mean until they know for sure.
How do you like that apples huh?
Those weapons of mass destruction and and this glorious freedom now that the president this week is going to say the war is officially over.
Well, the Guardian UK says today or yesterday fighting is over but the deaths go on.
Did you see this?
I guess you read them on again.
Unexploded ordinance and landmines littering northern Iraq have killed or named many people many of them.
And the two weeks after these cessation of hostilities on the northern front line which divided the Curtis self-relirium from government control territory as many as 80 civilians have died more than 500 been injured.
Here's another grotesque picture of a little five-year-old kid.
We are facing an emergency situation said Sean Sutton of the UK based mines advisory group which is coordinating an operation in the region declared unexploded ordinance and mines.
And don't forget about those cluster bombs.
And then of course we had the what was it 15 shot and killed.
Right and hundreds more injured.
Here it is.
US soldiers fire on Iraqi protesters 13 dead in Fallujah Iraq.
American soldiers open fire on Iraqi protest in the town west of Baghdad after being shot at a US officer said today the director at the local hospital said 13 people were killed in 75 injured.
The shooting took place last night in the town of Fallujah 58 kilometers west of Baghdad 30 miles how many miles west of Baghdad.
Colonel Arnold Bray of the 82nd Airborne Division gave the west account of the clash but couldn't confirm the Iraqi deaths.
But Dr. Ahmed Ghanim al-Ali Ghanif director of the Fallujah General Hospital said there were 13 dead including three boys under the age of 11.
He said his medical crews were shot at when they went to ease tree the injured which he said numbered 75.
Well you know it's part of the collateral damages.
Now what it is.
Right I'm tidiness.
I'm the I'm tidiness of this crap that's going on there.
That's what Rummy.
That's what Rummy would say.
The old crummy Rummy and that picture that other little kid is on the website.
See there you go again.
You can't control yourself.
You can't restrain yourself putting those honest pictures on there.
I always thought you looked a little bit like athlete man field.
Huh?
You know something we didn't want to let this out on here.
It's like the Clark Kent thing since he's going to be a naked tonight on the swelling.
I mean small bill.
That's the name of the show swelling.
But it's a Clark Kent rip off.
You know he takes off the glasses he becomes beener boy puts out of glasses becomes Ashley Banfield.
Oh man what a disguise.
I would say about the same breast size.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
The best all time performance and emotion picture by an actress and the winner is the award the whatever the statue goes to.
I guarantee we won't be putting your own Crawford on here.
No.
How about Miller a Millard Pierce Miller's film or how about Franklin Pierce.
Millard Pierce you want the Academy Award for it.
No.
Two months ago for this list WQ I am.
Yes I do and I got a couple names for you.
Okay a couple.
Yeah Diane.
Mr. Good bar or Mia Ferrell Rosemary's baby.
Okay Mia Ferrell Rosemary's baby what do you say.
I like the Diane Keaton vote better.
What was the movie looking for Mr. Good bar.
Oh looking for Mr. Crunch bar.
Diane Keaton how about Buster Keaton.
How about Buster Crabb.
Busters Crambs.
Hmm.
He was a swimmer right Buster Cramb.
I guess you didn't even know who that is Buster Crabb.
Shame on you.
He was a swimmer pretty ugly guy too I should point out.
21 to 11 at 560 WQ I am.
He was no Mark Spitz I'll tell you that member Mark Spitz.
No.
And who was that Jewish Australian swimmer?
What was his name Rose?
Rose Fulger I think.
Now what that was is hair.
No.
Man.
Well I'll stop with these all this crap.
Okay stop with all these this spurious things.
We've got a bazillion names to get on here in so little time.
Don't forget about 20 minutes we'll get that thing up on our website.
You can vote on it right at 11 o'clock.
You can bet your life you can bet Eric's life on it.
That'll be up there at 11 o'clock.
Wanted Carlos?
Yes.
Haha.
Hey, my good friend Skippy's listening to the story I have my olio made yet.
I just mentioned that I'm not complaining.
I'm not being too much of a shnaw or I still have a little bit left.
But every day I'm popping olio made from my blood pressure and it's a miracle product.
It's really good for you.
Olio made soft shells contain the finest olive oil you'll find on this planet.
Not just ordinary olive oil which you can buy in a supermarket but super concentrated loaded with health benefits.
Olio made every day and your push can help reduce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol.
And now the good news for you is there are 14 different olio made formulas from which to choose.
Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals
to support specific parts of your health.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
Now there are three new olio made formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control that disgusting sickly weight and cell Q10 which is coq10 for your heart.
You can pick it up just about everywhere if you're finding on street corners now it's so popular.
Pick them up today at public's Eckerds Walgreens Whole Food Markets.
Navarro's Ancetonus order it online if you like olio made America dot com.
If you want to get more info call tool free 1-866 olio made.
That's 1-866-653633.
Get your olio made today and start popping it into your place for better health.
This is sports when you're by sickly.
You weigh in.
The chicken for you.
May 5th Syncode in Maya.
A Mexican National holiday.
All stations are getting away trips to Cancun.
Some are getting away trips to Mexico City.
But who are we bringing Mexico to you?
That's right.
We're giving away Mexican.
Real live Mexican.
I can remember.
We'll be swuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of the station back.
Then we'll give one to you.
Imagine your own personal Mexican they'll wash your car.
Your house.
If you're a crime.
Anything you want.
Because if they don't you'll have them deported.
Audio some people.
Be the 10th color when you hear this song.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Baving in Delosica Mexicans is winners responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Celebrate Syncode in Maya with your own home.
Every day with your very own Mexican people listening to we.
We're going to give away beener boy.
Nobody would take him.
1044-560 and speak in a hug.
Giveaways. Don't forget our hot couples contest.
Go to the arrangers.com and you can check out all the details.
In fact, doesn't it start Thursday officially?
Yes.
And you can email a picture of yourselves with your own significant other or utter.
You have two weeks till May 15th.
Any of your pictures will be up on the web.
Photos can choose their favorite.
And then on Thursday May 22nd the couple with the most votes wins.
And we'll be doing this each month for the next three months.
May June and Julio.
And the grand prize to be eight to the night stay for two at the Royal Oasis.
Resort and casino in the Bahamas including round trip airfare on like a rear.
And runner up kids dinner for two at the pizza lot.
We got what seven photos on air?
But they can't see him yet, right? Right.
So starting Thursday you'll be able to see the pictures we have so far.
So email the pictures you never know you might be a big winner.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress,
Rascondite on the arrangers.com?
Kathy Bates, misery.
Petty Davis, whatever, happy to baby Jane, Sally Field, Sybil.
Fade that away now. I'm not going to read the whole list.
It's take too long.
Do you ever think we'd have this many?
No, I did not.
God.
Man, oh man, by one o'clock we could have about 500 on here.
I never dreamed in my wildest dreams.
You have a little faith.
Try to tell you before the show it'll be a great poll.
Nah, there's only about five or ten you said.
Now what you said?
Something like that.
WQIM.
QIM, yes sir.
What about Miss Daisy in driving Miss Daisy?
Who?
Miss Daisy in driving Miss Daisy.
Yeah, you mean Jessica Tandy?
Thank you very much sir.
Thank you, it's on there.
Thank you.
It's already on there.
How about Miss Daisy, George?
Okay, good idea.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line, WQIM.
Hey, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
How about Dan Bancroft in the Miracle Worker?
Uh, I'm going to do a little bit of work.
Uh, did we do that?
I thought we just put her on there.
We just put her on her all the time.
We did it, okay, because I was on the phone and I had the phone turned down.
Sorry about that.
Okay, we're just just ahead of you.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks Neil.
She's on there.
See, I should have read the later ones.
The second column on my page and my sheet.
Can I say sheet?
For now.
Don't tell Jika.
Oh, he might be wearing one.
Ingrid Bergman, Joan of Arc, Jane Fonda, the China Syndrome,
Frances McDormand Fargo.
Jodi Foster in Nell.
Catherine Hepburn, the African Queen, which I thought was the, uh,
wasn't that biographical about Johnny Mathis?
Vivian Lee, street card named Desire.
Lee Remick, the Days of Line in Roses.
Angie Dickinson, Dressed to Kill.
Ingrid Bergman in Gaslight.
Joan would wear the three faces of EU and Bancroft Miracle Worker.
Linda Blair in the Exorcist.
I'm glad that guy called on that because we almost forgot about her,
which is really, we would have been bad.
After all of the stuff that we've done.
Amy, why would you do this to me?
Yeah.
Uh, where am I?
And Diane Keaton looking for Mr. Goodbar.
Did I ever see that movie?
I don't know.
It was, uh, for the kids.
What about Diane Keaton and the Godfather?
Was she small potatoes in that movie?
I wouldn't say.
What?
Let's stick around there.
You wanna?
Yeah.
Or as my aunt and her daughter would say,
I don't wanna.
I don't wanna.
Oh, yeah.
We got some real retards in my family.
But anyway, what am I up with?
Diane Keaton and the Godfather?
Who's being naive now?
Kay.
It wasn't a boy.
It was a boy.
Oh, brother.
I wouldn't bring another one of you into the...
Sorry.
That was great.
It was a great scene.
And he just goes,
Ape Schmitt.
Did we put Al Pacino for Godfather?
I don't think we did.
No.
I mean, he was on there for several other.
And then the guy, I mean, seriously,
stop and think about this.
Okay.
I mean, you can't put them all on there.
Why not?
When somebody calls in and says Al Pacino for...
The set of a woman.
But now one person called in and said,
Al Pacino and the Godfather.
In any one, two or three.
How do you like that?
That's wrong.
That is bad.
I know it was you, Fred.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Yeah.
I think that's the only drop in we have a Michael, don't we?
Really?
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
Ever.
Ever.
See?
I told you that's one of two that we have.
I don't know.
Maybe there's a bunch of money here.
One of my favorites is...
Johnny Fontay will never get that movie.
I don't care how many day go, getting a walk,
grease ball, gumbas, come out of the woodwork.
I'm German Irish.
Well, let me tell you something, my crout-mick friend.
I'm going to make so much code for you, you won't know what it is.
Well, come to lawyer, I have not threatened.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York.
Who the hell are you?
My crout-mick friend.
He was good.
Yeah, he was.
He was outstanding.
There is the best movie of all time.
Okay, I don't care what anybody says.
I'm...
I'm tired of those polls.
We'll never do that again.
Right.
We don't care what your opinion is.
How do you like that, folks?
We don't care what you think.
Godfather, best movie of all time.
Network to me is a close second.
Even though most of you disagree because you never saw that.
And if you did, you wouldn't understand it.
I mean, you really have to be in a broadcasting business to really fully appreciate network.
Yeah.
Why?
What do you think we're doing that's going on right now with the media?
You would think.
But it's not true because they haven't caught on.
And that's why the media keep doing it.
Because they've got the public mesmerized with this crap that they're putting on there around the clock.
24-7, as they like to say.
24-7.
WQIM.
Who in?
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about you, or good buddy from the NRA, Charlie?
It's the tank of amazement.
Calvin Heston.
Yeah, he was a good lady.
OK.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress?
And I guess this guy, pick and talk about picking on somebody while he's down.
You son of a bitch.
Colin Charlton, Heston, and an actress.
That was bad, sir.
See, not only don't they listen to the question even like superficially.
But they just, they, they tune in for like 20 seconds and they try to get the general giz, a giz, just as to what we're talking about.
Remember general giz, no, he was in the WW1.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And again, we're not asking what are your 20 best performances by an actress, or your top 10, or even...
Not third, man.
No, that won't count.
One.
The best.
You can't say what are the 20 best state houses in South Florida.
There's, there's, there's no such thing.
Nobody wants to know that.
What's the best?
And what it was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress.
And I realize it's not easy.
That's the idea.
If it was easy, what's, it's no fun.
What's the point, right?
Right.
It would be like asking what was the best movie of all time.
We all know the answer to that.
Of course, you know.
You cannot do like a man.
What do I want to go?
See?
There you go.
We need lots and lots and lots and lots more drop in.
What, what do you want to do?
I mean, this is a whole movie.
It's a good thing.
I think it only.
Every scene.
It's like at least 10 drop-ins from every scene in that movie.
There's thousands of drop-ins.
Drop-ins, right.
What do I have done to make your ticket service respect?
See?
Bonacera.
Bonacera.
56670560.
And what kind of a name is that anyway?
Bonacera means good evening in the time.
What kind of a name is that?
What?
A what name?
That's just a guess.
WQIM.
I thought it was German Irish.
Hi.
I guess you're just.
Go ahead.
Vic Moral.
WQIM.
Yeah, hey.
Yes, sir.
And life.
The biggest.
And life.
The biggest.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
And life.
Elisabeth Annelly.
Egt
De
By
Don't
I like to suggest Susan Hayward and I'll cry tomorrow.
Okay, not read a Hayward though, huh?
Well, Susan Hayward wouldn't.
Are you sure?
Pretty sure, yeah.
Are you sure?
I'm sorry.
Okay, I'll look it up.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, we already got Susan Hayward on there once.
Let's not overdo it.
In addition to which you can't outdo her, I want to leave.
That was great.
Never sorry.
That was about a, she was sentenced to death if that's the movie I'm thinking about.
There was a true story.
I've heard about that movie.
Yeah, she was on death row.
And then when they called her name when it was time she couldn't hear them.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQIM.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Olivia DeHavilland.
They died with their boots on.
Okay.
I'm speaking local and having a workman.
Okay, thanks.
No problem.
Bye.
Olivia DeHavilland.
Got it.
Got it.
Well, this is a long one.
Too much writing for me.
I don't get paid enough to write this much.
And they died with their boots on.
Seth Amphit.
Yep.
Did you see it?
Nope.
Should we look it up?
If you want to.
I think it's word for it.
Why would he lie?
No, no.
I didn't say he's wrong with you.
Man, are you brutal?
I didn't say he lied.
I just, we never saw the movie.
I just want to see what the, what the lay of the land is here.
Here's one called they call me Bruce and they better not do it again.
Oh, I saw that.
You did?
Yeah.
I saw that.
I was upset.
No, no.
You both saw they call me Bruce.
I think it was the first pair of breasts that I saw as a child on a movie.
What year?
1982.
Oh, no, it was the first PG-13 movie that I saw.
It was a steak.
Starring Johnny Yoon, Ralph Morrow, Ham Huntington, Margot Henningway.
Yeah.
John Louise.
It was John.
What is it, John Louise?
And Bill Capisi.
It was bad.
What am I looking for?
Wow, you're posh-
They died with their boots on.
Oh, they died with their boots on.
Okay, they were expendable.
They, uh, I do think I thought like when I was really-
Here it is, little.
No, you didn't.
Yeah, it is.
1941.
With the Olivia Hablin, Errol Flynn.
Who, remember, he was a real swish, I was swashbuckler.
Right.
Uh, Arthur Kennedy.
Remember, old Arthur Kennedy?
No.
He was in that movie with Pat Boone.
At Horse Movie, I was in it.
It was surely, uh, Shirley Jones.
And Pat Boone was a county fair.
Was that it?
I don't know.
Never saw it.
Something like that.
It was a harness racing movie.
There you go, Dick Feinberg, a harness racing movie.
That exciting?
Hmm.
How about John Gilmore and Buddy Gilmore?
And Levi Harner?
And anyway, Olivia Hablin, Gene Lockhart, Sydney Green Street.
What a cast, Anthony Quinn, Charlie Grapewood and Stanley Ridges.
No, no relation to Mickey Bridges.
Never did Walsh's reputation as an action director master of period flavor.
Fit more comfortably.
Cheerfully agreeing the history is bunk and printing the legend.
He turns what is essentially a biopic of George Armstrong Custer.
I thought it was going to be George Armstrong, the former chief, former captain of the Maple Leafs.
Remember George Armstrong?
No.
Number 10.
No.
From West Point to Little Big Horn, into a glorious western.
Few facts here.
But what matter when the fiction of Custer is temp- temp- temp- temp- tempestuous scavular and Indian sympathizer?
Shivel Rosary, if you can see the size of the print in this book.
Uh, well, absolutely, you're irresistible, is what it's like.
I didn't like that absolutely irresistible.
Absolutely.
Irresistible, sir.
So we got it down.
Let me have a look at how Linda died with their boots on.
My, in local, near Sports Radio 560.
Up in the woods.
Don't away, yeah.
You fudge back him?
Well, everything's the time old has been burned up the shine.
This thread, all his palaces and blue of his yaks.
No more wild lords, he's a nice ship for the foos.
There'll be no more who's safe, there'll be a safe cruise.
Good day.
Call your brother, could say.
To tell him that there's no way.
No, it'll be going on a safe cruise.
Six new, got him, is no hint to stir.
Hey!
What are you doing to my yacht?
All the crew could do us what she's burned.
Hey, what's going on, it's not going to run off our way.
People we built up and got it with so many things.
Now it looks even worse than the time's ending.
One new, if the dictator returns news.
There'll be no more who's safe, there'll be a safe cruise.
Good day.
Orde!
Call your brother, could say.
To tell him that there's no way.
Oh my god, no way, there'll be going on a safe cruise.
Six new, got him, is no hint to stir.
Hey!
What are you doing to my yacht?
One new, if the dictator returns news.
Oh, I can't get out.
Everything's to devil's, has been burned up for shots.
This turned all its baddies, isn't real on this yacht.
No more liled on these by the ship for the moves.
There'll be no more who's safe, there'll be a safe cruise.
Good day.
Orde!
Call your brother, could say.
To tell him that there's no way.
Oh my god, no way, there'll be going on a safe cruise.
11.1560 WM Happy Tuesday to you.
Well, I tell you, this list is building.
Did not I tell you we'd have a Zid in the things on it?
Showed up.
No, I didn't.
I'm shocked.
I'm shocked and I'm embarrassed because I should've known.
I just wasn't, I wasn't thinking queer, clearly.
Just this filler coral springs, he's got three for three on here.
I would say.
Fetty Davis, all about Eve.
It's on there.
Are you writing these down?
Yep.
Judy Garland, the star is born.
Did I mention that the other day?
James Mason and Judy Garland, the star is born.
And of course, a lot of you punks out there, you think a star is born was with Barbara Streisand
and Chris Christopherst and all of which I can say, oh my god.
See, Judy Ireland, where Garland only could she sing great, she wasn't cross-eyed.
I just mentioned that in passing.
For all of Barbara Streisand, liquor's out there.
Oh, she just makes me weep.
She makes me weep.
And filler coral springs, I think, is best one, Gloria Swanson and Sunset Boulevard.
No question.
Right.
I think they're going to remake that at QA with starring the Water Nazi.
I'm ready for my close-up, Mr. Danielle, playing that role.
Can you just see the Water Nazi?
Glenn in Iowa says, Linda Lovelace in deep throat, God rest her soul, it says.
Oh, God.
Rest her soul.
Well, I would say this, we're not going to put it on there, but there was probably a lot of acting involved because wasn't Harry Reams in that?
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
Woof!
Harry Reams.
At least there was truth in advertising, they were the name, anyhow.
Greatest acting job for a female of all time, whoopie Goldberg and sister act.
George sought about 30 times it says.
I did.
That's what it says here.
It says, but 30, man.
What it says.
I don't even know what that movie is.
Do you sister act?
Yeah, she plays a nun.
She hides out as a nun and...
We're not putting wopie Goldberg on my list, okay?
I'm sorry, with all to respect you, Hollywood squares people.
Yeah.
No.
And you think?
No.
Well, that's pretty obvious to anybody who listens.
Now, one, now see, now you're messing with these stories in here.
Grace Digital.
And what is this?
Are we already had this?
Grace Digital Media?
Look, the US government this week launched its Arabic language satellite TV news station for Muslim Iraq.
It's been produced in a studio.
Grace Digital Media controlled by fundamentalist Christians who are rapidly pro-Israel.
Hi!
That's Grace as in by the grace of God.
We didn't have this.
Grace Digital Media is controlled by a fundamentalist Christian millionaire, Cheryl Reagan.
Who last year arrested controller federal news service, a transcription news service from its former owner, Cortez Randall.
Randall says he met Reagan at a prayer meeting, brought her in as an investor in federal news service,
and then she forced him out of his own company.
How do you like that, huh?
Oh, there's a zillion stories like that.
You're f***ing dead, right?
Grace Digital Media and federal news service are housed in a downtown Washington, D.C. office building,
along with Grace News Network.
When you call the number for Grace News Network, you get a person answering Grace Digital Media Federal News Service.
According to its website, Grace News Network has dedicated transmitting the evidence of God's presence in the world today.
This is the kind of direct that we're going to feed to the Arabs over there now, okay?
Grace News Network will be reporting the current secular news, along with aggressive proclamations that will change the news to reflect the kingdom of God and its purposes, G&N, proclaims.
The Broadcasting Board of Governors, the U.S. government agency producing the TV newscast for Iraq likes to say, it's the BBC of the USA.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Right.
The Broadcasting Board of Governors runs radio free, Euro-Poice of Merck and Radio Sawa, Arabic language radio for the Middle East.
Our mission is clear, BBG's John Maurer told us.
The Broadcast, accurate and objective news about the U.S. and the world, we don't do propaganda or leafletting. We're like the BBC in that respect.
That's a leafletting.
There you go. Again, proselytizing to the porch, my parents over there. They've already got enough problems with their own God. Now we've got a foist to this other one on them.
And not only we've got a foist to different God on them, on top of it, but also Jesus Christ.
Right. We don't think they're ready for yet.
Sissy Spasek and or Anne Bancroft in Nightmother.
Nightmother? Never heard of it.
No, never heard of it. Always that we never heard of with rare exceptions, I would say no.
Marilyn Monroe, some like it hot. No. You think? No. What are you laughing about?
She was an actress? Okay. Okay, you think she wasn't an actress? No, that's bad. See, now she'd be pissed off. Joe to Masjou would beat the crap out if he was still here.
He would it's a good thing for you. He died. He would drive right over from Hollywood and just beat the snot out of your hand with a baseball bat no doubt. Catherine Hepburn.
Now there's a whole list of here that we can choose from. Did I give you the ones that we I did?
Betty Davis, Judy Garland, Gloria Swanson, come down.
Olivia the Hablin, they died with a boots on. That was last one before that, right? Right. Catherine Hepburn bringing up baby. Oh, come on bringing up baby.
The Philadelphia story. Adams Rib. The African Queen. And guess who's coming to dinner? How do you choose among those? Well, we already got African Queen with Catherine Hepburn. We do it. Yeah.
What about her? Her Bogart? Is she on her? What about Lauren McCall? Was there a movie that Lauren McCall was in that she was really sensational? She's a great actress. How about the fan? Now, do you see the fan? No.
You never saw the fan with Lauren McCall where she was being stalked? Nope. By a nutcase fan. I know about it. I saw the previous. I never saw Key Largo either. I know she was in that. I never saw that either. Oh, how many more pages are there of this stuff that I just got there? I mean, you know, that was good.
Oh, here it is. Sluth. No, that wasn't the name of it. Sluth. That wasn't the name of that movie at all. Michael Cain and Christopher Reeve were lovers in sleuth. I don't think that's right. I wouldn't know.
Huh? Wouldn't know. No, that's not the right movie. That was a Michael Cain movie, but that was no. I don't know. Let me look it up. I could be wrong. Wouldn't be the first time this segment. The poll is up, by the way. The poll is up. What do you plan music for? I don't know. Give you a chance to look. I got the book right here, mister. I got it right in my hand. Sluth. Michael Cain, Lauren, Olivia. I never said that. That's not the right movie. No. Although previous.
This reviewer's plan that this is closer to board just an anacrystee. Agatha Christie. This is not the movie. I don't think. Less a who'd done it than a how done it. No, Lauren. Olivia was not in the movie. I'm talking about. Sluth is a different Lauren's. Michael Cain movie. I would know the name right away. It says it was a mystery. But Diane can and as Cain's wife.
Well, somebody's all over the place. I'm certainly not the right movie with that. Sluth. Sorry.
Halle Berry. Monsters ball. It's the hell. You had them. You want to put her down. What? I agree. You agree. Halle Berry and Monsters balls. Yeah. How do we've seen it? Monsters. Yeah. And you.
Monsters balls. Yeah, that's that's a reference to Billy Bob. It was also. I see. Okay. Monsters ball. Halle Berry. Well, get her on her. We all like Halle Berry a lot.
Kristen Durst duns. Interview with a vampire. Come on. Jody Foster. The accused. She was a Heyward. I want to live. We already got to the neighborhood. What? She wanted to ask her something for that. I do believe.
Jody Foster. We're not sure for the accused. We better get it on there. Right. Oh, this list is just it's just unbelievable. This is going on and on and on. Man. Thank God. I mean.
The accused. Well, I got a scratch in my throat. And you want to know the reason why I got a scratch now. Sorry. No, because I had the window open it. Well, you get carried away like yesterday. It was a 77.
Now, today it's going to be around 60. It's not bad. But so far it was like in the low 50s. See?
Gagged over here. See what happens? I did that just in honor of Pay Rod.
And sure being a good Miami boy that he is, he's probably locked himself in his room in his hotel. Listen on the internet right now. Hey, Pay Rod. You're a pussy, baby. Pussy, pussy, pussy.
Barbara Stanwick double indemity. Never saw it. I don't like her. You what? You don't like Barbara Stanwick? No, she bugs me somehow. You don't like her big valley.
And bankrock in the end Sullivan story. Never saw it, which was about Helen Keller is what it says here. I don't think so. Jennifer Waterman in the story of Adam. No.
Here's one from UCF Kenny says the QAM website was down all last week. And the QAM website wasn't down. Well, what does that mean, Carlos?
I have no idea. And I was dying over here. I had a resort to listening to the monsters that, oh, the monsters of the midday give me a break. And consequently blowing my brains out. For the poll Sharon Stone in Casino, though the movie was inferior to Goodfellas. This performance was amazing.
Sharon Stone was in Goodfellas. Casino. No, but what does that mean? But why does it say the movie was inferior to Goodfellas? Because it's like a Goodfellas clone. I saw I seen it. I don't remember her performance. I remember she was in it. No. I assume someone will call with Louise Fletcher. Now there you go. Nobody would have called unless you see up. Kenny, huh? That's drop. That's the movie with Michael Cannon and Christopher. Thank you.
That's right. Thank you. Louise Fletcher, nurse ratchet, miss ratchet. Got it. Got it. Cook who's now. She was great. And my favorite scene in a whole movie beyond mother is so many good ones. But the best one is where he's strangling her.
Mr. McMurphy and he's got her after they find Billy. He did it. Don't call my mother.
Mother.
And when you see the finger marks on her neck. When you see her eyeball just popping out of her head. You love that. That was great.
Kind of the thing you'd like to do to your mother sometime. Yes, sometime. All the time. Like most anytime.
Especially when she's watching Michael Savage on MSNBC 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM. It's a great day in T.O. The Texas Rangers are here. We got Payrod is locked tightly in his hotel room. We got the rumors are gone.
On a way back down here. It's bad. Good news for me and bad news for you. If you don't make that deal with sunny.
I'll tell you a deal. Get yourself a real job. Get a career. Forget about working for peanuts like an elephant in the circus.
Get yourself a new high paying computer job. And the way you do that is by calling my good close personal friends at Fast Train 1-866 Fast Train.
They offer you convenient day evening weekend classes. Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com.
I'm going to tell you something. If Todd Dreck doesn't give us a new copy for his accounts. I'm just going to I'm going to do four hours every day on Todd Dreck.
I can won't get very many listeners, but it just it'll get out of my system. You know what I mean? He is just as useless as teach on a pencil.
Anyway, call fast train today. They got locations all over town. It gets you trained in just for sure months for a real honest goodness.
High paying computer career. They're in Miami. They're in Kendall. They're in Pembert Pines in Fort Lauderdale. So there's bound to be one close by you.
And register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag. Bumper sticker as well. Call fast train today. And be sure and tell them whatever you do.
Don't forget that Todd Dreck to you to call. Make sure his name please fast train. Call for you. It's one eight six six fast train.
She set the screen on fire in basic instinct. Then you saw her in sliver after that it was intersection followed by the quick and the dead.
But let's face it the only decent movie she's ever done was basic instinct. So now Sharon Stone gives movie goers exactly what they want.
And that's more of what made her a household name. Sharon Stone stars in crotch. We all know she can't act, but it doesn't matter in crotch.
Two solid hours of Sharon Stone crossing and uncrossing her legs. The New York Times says this film will give Sharon Stone a leg up on the competition.
Sysklin hebert give it to thumbs up. And Rex Reed says it would have been better with Brad Pitt. Sharon Stone brings her one true talent back to the screen in crotch.
No matter what Tom Wollinger, we're going to see his ass tonight. So they tell us on. I mean, why does anybody care about Tom Wollinger's ass?
Aren't people silly? Yeah, they're so. I mean, a way I look at it. You see one guy's ass. You see them all. I'm like, except a Q.A.M.
I mean, those are asses really worth talking about. We're talking about gigantic enormous asses, some bigger than the condo complexes.
But don't get a complex about it, Josh Friedman. Even though George said you're a big humongous, tub bigger than life itself.
What was the best all time performance and emotion picture by an actress? We're asking today. Pull us up.
Kathy Bates and misery. No surprise. She was great. 13. When close fatal attraction. Nine. Linda Blair. The exorcist. Five Kathleen Turner. Body heat. Scott Ford. These are the early returns. Sally Field and civil four.
Cody Foster and Nell for I never saw that. I don't think. Yeah, you're not missing anything. The game was. Yeah, like the bit that we have. I don't like these. I don't like those movies.
Not that I'm insensitive, but you know, I'm kind of insensitive. Vivian Lee gone with the wind for. And whatever happened to baby Jane of Betty Davis three.
Moral Streep. Sophie choices got three. Hillary swank boys. Don't. I mean, it was a cute movie, but was it really that big of a deal?
I thought it was like a novelty movie. Boys don't cry. No, very, very serious. It was true story. Serious. Yeah, heavy. Get out of here.
What a whole bunch of independent film awards. It did. Yeah. That had three. Francis McDormand and what's your name? McDormand and Fargo three.
And Liz Taylor, who's a friend of the big bad Virginia wolf three? Everybody else has got one or two. It's just getting started.
Here's a good one. Elizabeth shoe S H U E leaving Las Vegas. It said was her movie, not the anxious Nicholas Cage. Excellent facts. Thank you. I think Nicholas Cage is anxious. I don't like him at all.
And an excellent point. It was supposed to be about him, but she shown she stole the shoe. Yeah, she shown her boots to a really big shoe. Good. Okay. Put a little bit of shoe on there.
How come we didn't have Kiano Reeves, honestly? He was in a couple of good movies. I understand a whole thing with Kiano Reeves and they, you know, believe me. I understand.
Huh? Could you explain it to the rest of us? I don't want to. It's mixed company. Let's see. What is this? The White House made a number of recent appointments for spring break.
One is April fully a homemaker, according to campaign contribution disclosure documents from South Salem, New York. She was named the board directors of the export import bank.
The appointment is good until Congress adjourns next year. So why a homemaker for this job? Well, earlier in her career, the White House announcement says she was director of business planning for corporate strategy with PepsiCo Inc. and director of strategy for readers digest.
More recently, she was president of the United Way of Northern Westchester County, New York, not all of it, just the northern part. Still not, not locked in on the merits that we mentioned she used today. George W. Bush went both were Harvard Business School and his remained friends with him. How do you like that? Huh? They all do the same crap. I'll put their buddies in there. They're pals. Hi, a paly.
Here's a long list. Grace Kelly for it takes a thief. There's another that was with Jimmy Stewart, right? Virgin. I don't know. That was a that was another. Oh, no, it takes a thief. What am I thinking of? Are you sure? I don't know. I only remember the TV show by the are you sure? Well, look it up.
Angry Bergman for Casablanca. She's already on there too many times. Vivian Lee and had him McDonald Daniel for gone with the wind. Can we have Vivian Lee on there for that? We do. And had him. Daniel. She was kind of like the first aunt. Your mom wasn't she? She was great. She was great. Love your bow and up.
John Joan Fontaine for Rebecca, which also start. Lawrence Olivia in 1940 Hitchcock movie, which I saw a long ago. Now let's put her on there. Joan Fontaine. You think she was akin to Johnny?
Johnny Fontaine. What is it? Rebecca? Johnny Fontaine will never get that movie. Okay. Okay. Come down. I beg your pardon. Joan Fontaine. What? What movie was it? Rebecca? Rebecca as in Rebecca on passions.
Fony, horny money, grub in Rebecca, the gold dig and bitch on passions. Of course you should know her by now.
Gloria Swanson. Sunset Boulevard. We already got that 1950 with William Holden who should have been on yesterday's poll for this one. You're right. Did I say only moments ago that William Holden should have been on there for something?
There was, huh? Huh? There was one he should have been on there for and also for network. He should have been on a lot of them. William Holden. Great.
Don't let me forget to look up. It takes a thief. Okay. He was very underrated by the way. William Holden. Yeah. They love him holding the bag.
And when they died, they found him holding the bottle. Well, that's bad. Now, he was a great actor. I think he was one of the best. We've done all this. This is not who was the best actor though. No.
Holly Hunter raising your Arizona. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm not even writing these down anywhere. You just put them on there. Got it. Read them. Arena. West Side Story. Never saw it. What do you call that? Wicked. I love her. She's great. You know what show she used to be on all the time? Game show.
Pyramid. Oh, yeah. The $10,000, the $25,000 Pyramid with Dick Clark. Read him a reno. She was a very and she was good at that.
By the way, Hillary Svank is married to Roblo's brother Chad. Chad. It says. I remember Chad. Oh, you know, Chad. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, hanging Chad. Love what they call. No, seriously. You don't know Chad. Love. Exactly who they are. That was some minor marginal movie. He's kind of like that. Interesting.
In kind of a strange way. You don't think? Oh, that's right. He's a guy. I'm not supposed to say.
It's the most talked about video of the year. Roblo direct stars and performs in. No. Blow. The critics are raving. Jesus says it blows. Roger Ebert says it sucks. Maryheart says it was hard to swallow.
Roman Polanski says what's the big deal? Mine was 13. You after says this one's loaded with entertainment. Jean Charlotte says this one fires no blanks. No.
Roblo filmed in central around in spread of vision. No. Roblo is coming in your living room with the spasmodic release of his directorial debut. No.
Riding PG 13. It's mid 16. I don't know what movie I saw his brother Chad, but I do know he was running around with his shirt off most of the movie. For some reason that sticks in my mind. I don't know what the name for was.
He's been sick. Sicily Tyson was in the autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. That's correct. Should we put it out? Was that the name of the movie? The autobiography. What was the name of the movie? Sounds about right. No. Carlos is quite a checkered.
Whoever heard of a movie named the autobiography of anybody. That can't be it. Anti-main. There's a guarantee there is no such movie named the autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. There it is.
The autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. Then I just tell you that's what it was. Yeah, you wouldn't believe me.
Sicily Tyson, Michael Murphy, Richard Dysart and Catherine Helmund. I do like her mayonnaise. That's TV movie. It is not.
Were you listening to me originally made for TV? The fictional recounting 110 years lived by one black woman in Louisiana has a deceptively naturally reigned to it. Originally made for TV.
My mistake, my bet. Yeah, you're bad. Boy. Aiming for the stars, the film hits a magazine spread by Norman Rockwell and often stays there.
I respect it. But ultimately, it's the mind is it serves up the emotions. Whatever that. You know, pseudo intellectual review. Originally made for TV, but we can put that on there. Sicily Tyson, you got it. You know how to spell it? No. C I C E L Y T Y S O N like in chicken Tyson, Tyson, like Mike Mike. Mike.
So thanks to ever did that. And also it's just how about including any of the women in dangerous liaisons like fade down away for Chinatown as well as network? Huh? Who are the women in dangerous liaisons?
Glenn Close. Well, it's just going close. I mean, I hated that movie. Really? Yeah. Why is that? Because well, they did two movies at the same time with the same plot Valmont and that one in Valmont was a real movie with real actors and everything was good.
And then danger. The end of the Valmont. Yeah. And what about fade down away in Chinatown? We don't really have her down in like 65 other movies. We do. Yeah. We didn't put if he did for real. I mean, she's the every movie. I mean, she's always great. We agree on that. We like fade down away a lot. A lot.
So let me ask you, what's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our times?
20 to me, that's the most underrated movie in my life. And I consider it. I have scream and yell and get people to try to go out and buy the movie or rent it or they just don't care. What is it that they're missing in that movie?
It's just it's the way it's filmed. Who's the writer? I forget. Yeah. That's what people are. There are so many great actors and actresses in that movie and so many great scenes.
The scene where she goes out to the shack and he's sitting there eating a Kentucky fried chicken. Uh huh.
Le Roy, I'm going to make you a movie star. He puts him in a muffler chicken and he holds it off to the side. What the F you talking about?
Oh, I love that. That is just every scene in that movie about just does it for me. Okay.
In addition to which who wouldn't like to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our times? Man, how what do you mean the way it's filmed? What does that mean?
The people that I've heard criticizing it and of course I think they're full of crap. They're saying, oh, it's got that that campy 70s style to it. It's kind of silly.
Yeah. Unrealistic, which makes me laugh of course when they say that. Oh, yeah. Like movies are so realistic. And I like Star Wars.
That one's really realistic and Star Trek. Very realistic. I don't know what they're talking about.
27 after 11, especially now, don't they understand that's what makes it so great is because it was written in 72 or 3 by Panadej Jasky was one of the geniuses of our time.
And here we are 31 years later and we got Rick Sanchez. That's all I need to tell you.
If you're fat, if you're a tub like Josh treatment or maybe just have fun here, maybe a third man, pounds to lose balance for life is the easy way to do it.
Man, it's like falling off a log should be as simple as counting one, two, three because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no cavalry counting, no carp counting, just great results with balance for life.
And they got a little black sack. That's the key to losing away. That sounds crazy, but that's what's all about.
Every day by assistant AM when you open up your door at your work, your office at wherever you're hanging out, there is your little black sack.
And you say, hallelujah, I'm ready for another day because all the food for your whole day is in your sack.
All fresh, all delicious, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, nothing frozen, nothing pre-fab, no chemicals, just the finest, most delicious ingredients and money can buy.
The only thing you have to think about is fill in out that menu once a week. You have two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program.
Other than that, they do all the work. You don't have to cook or shop or count anything.
It's not some drastic or crazy dive regimen. You don't have to take any dangerous pills. All you have to do is eat all that food and believe me, there's plenty of food in your sack to keep you full and satisfied all through the day.
So if you're tired of being fat and lethargic and diabetic and sick and dying over there, let balance for life help you do it.
The delicious, the easy way and lose that weight once and for all. Call balance for life today. 954-568-3229. 954-568-3229 or check them out of that wicked web if you like it. Balance for life.com.
My, my, and local, this is sports real, five, six, you weigh two, yeah.
Five is mad and hell. I just didn't think that anymore.
Oh!
I think my purpose is crying.
Hover and hotter is burning right through my role.
Yeah!
Push, push, push, why you said fight and guy will be on the fire.
If it breaks this play, I don't know which way to go.
The explosion, burning, shelter takes the truck, will just like mother.
It lets up the fat and the sky burn in must.
Just approach it once and burn in must.
What the fuck is going on in must.
What the fuck is going on in must.
Your explanation is to why people aren't in the movie network. It just leaves me limp. It just leaves me hanging, drooping.
Who's the director?
I beg your pardon? The director. Sydney Lumet. Yeah.
Yeah.
He's got other movies and the people that I talk to say, oh, all his movies have that look.
I don't like it. It's just kind of.
Kind of what?
Freaky weird 70s can't be.
Are clockwork orange? Yeah, like that.
A lot of people don't like that because it's kind of that weird kind of a.
Well, you know what? Let's screw that.
FM symbolist junior. How's he doing in the FBI?
I'm telling you this list. This is just out of control. Sissy Spacek.
I think she I thought she played defense for the Columbus Ray Jacket.
Sissy Spacek, coal miner's daughter. Do we have that? We already got that.
Not coal we do. We do. What do we have Sissy Spacek? I mean, Spacek.
Nothing. I thought we don't get out of town, man. We have Sissy Spacek.
See, I'm not writing these down anymore. And what about Carrie?
Do we have Sissy Spacek for Carrie? Neither do I.
Well, which one do we want to put her down? I was positive we had coal miners daughter.
How about farmers daughter? Nope.
But you know, they were both good. She did a good job in in each.
Ashley Judd, Ruby and Paradise.
In Paradise. I got to say that right. Sorry.
What's Sissy movie we're putting down there?
Carrie. Okay. It was kind of scary.
Ashley Judd, Ruby and Paradise don't know the movie.
Nope. I remember Ruby baby by Dion. I played the song if I had it here.
Even though I hate her, Juliet Lewis's role in an actual born killer is really good.
Says Keith and Boka. She was way better in California.
Oh, so let's put down Juliet Lewis in California.
You want to? Yeah. And Carl Wana.
I don't want to. No, I don't mean about that. I'm just saying in general.
I don't want to.
What a huge like that.
I want California.
Yeah, I did like that. That was good.
You saw it? Yeah.
I think creepy. I don't know.
With Brad Pitt as a real greasy red deck.
Mmm. Give him a bath.
Scrub him up real good and get him naked.
Madeline Khan mixed nuts young Frankenstein and blazing saddles.
And you say I mean she was a funny character.
Look, we don't have time to analyze.
Okay. I mean, we got 75,000 movies.
We got five billion people calling in there.
And then you want to like a yes or no.
Give me a quick joke.
No. Okay. Okay. No.
No. I am Keaton.
We already got looking for Mr. Goodbar.
I don't like Mr. Goodbars.
They got peanuts in him.
You like him?
Yeah.
Fae.
Fade out of way. Chinatown and Bonnie and Clyde.
We left out Bonnie and Clyde.
But she's already on there for a 500 of them.
The autobiography of Mr. And Pitt was a great movie.
Did we already put that on her?
Yes we did.
Didn't we?
Yes.
Here's another one from our dark skin listener.
As if it's the only one we got.
Thank you, TR.
Whoopi Goldberg and the color purple.
Yes, we should put that on her.
She, I didn't see it.
But everybody from all accounts.
Yeah.
It says I hate the bitch too.
But it was probably the best performance on film
the last three decades by a woman.
What do you mean?
Yeah.
I saw it.
It's the good.
I don't want to say it.
She's no, she's no Oprah Winfrey.
I'll tell you that.
No, but then who is?
Dorothy Danridge in Carmen.
Oh, in some other words, this.
This is funny because we got this dark skin listener.
I guess he feels compelled to spirit of Christ and
Pell's and pick all black actresses.
Yeah, which is fine.
Huh?
There's a running thing.
That's the team of the facts.
Dorothy Danridge in Carmen.
She got nominated for an Oscar in an irrepressible female role.
At a time when she couldn't even drink water for most Hollywood
fountains, that should say a bit about how dominant the
performance was.
Okay, Dorothy Danridge in Carmen.
Got it?
Got it.
Diana Ross, Lady Sing's the Blues.
She played a junked out jazz singer, Billy Holiday.
Yes, I know.
Quite a reach for her, but maybe that's why she was so damn convincing.
Yeah, I was going to say she probably didn't have to act too much.
Diana Ross, Lady Sing's the Blues.
Got it?
Got it.
Sicily Tyson Sander.
Sander?
I think we'll stick with the Misty and Pitman.
What about roots?
Sicily Tyson and roots?
T. R. Says, I love your show and encourage you one of the most brilliant minds I've
made you to expand your horizons and watch any of the above you haven't seen there.
Cinematic virtuosity.
Well, let's see.
I did see roots.
I did not see Lady Sing's the Blues.
I didn't see Carmen.
I did not see the color purple because I will not watch.
We'll be Goldberg.
I would watch which one?
Misty and Pitman, I don't think I've seen it.
It was on TV, like I told you, and in the movies.
I've seen it.
Thank you, T. R.
Excellent choices.
What are putting roots on there?
No.
Why do you want to put roots on it?
I'd say one or two.
Carlos was asking.
That's all his.
We already got Sicily Tyson for the autobiography of Misty and Pitman, which you kept arguing
me.
There's no movie named autobiography of anybody.
And so I had to pick up my 60-pound book.
I'm sorry.
You're a big simous, a big song to dance.
Maybe it's not 60-pound.
Stop third, man.
That's heavy.
Let's see, died with their boots on, was released during Flynn's rape trial.
Oh my God.
I really wonder, was the alleged victim a man or a woman, Earl Flynn?
He was an notorious swashbuckler.
Yeah.
They, and they had a field day where the girl said Flynn came into the room wearing only his boots.
I'm telling you, a swishbuckler.
Yeah, he died with his boots on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
And where are you doing, Earl?
That's home with Yanlequin.
And then it was always Danny K. and Sir Lawrence Olivier.
Yeah.
We've been through this before because they both rhyme with gay.
Yeah.
There seem to be an awful lot of that in Hollywood nowadays.
But then again, you know those Hollywood nowadays.
Yeah, those days.
That left-coast crowd.
Good thing not anymore.
Even before they called it the left-coast, they were still all doing each other.
Need to remember what right after 9-11, when Ann Coulter was fired from the National Review for Writing Arkel,
it said regarding the Arabs, we should kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity.
She was widely condemned for advocating this extremist position.
Unless I'm missing something, has there been a position become the official policy of the U.S.?
Absolutely correct sir.
First we take out Hussein, and there's no telling who's next over there.
Meanwhile, we're pushing the Christers over to spread their bolstemites sometime back with tax dollars.
It says amazing.
I thought amazing.
It's just what you expect.
Just what you expect from this bunch of far-bison agglium, as they say in Hungary.
How does that thing meet and come over there in Geneva, huh?
It says, how do you think trendy Tony Sagueda will take to recent rumors that their...
The tree-drink Rick Sanchez will be joining the NBC 16.
Those two egos couldn't possibly coexist.
I don't think it's just a rumor.
I think I thought he was coming back Ricky Tiki.
Wasn't that the story Ricky Tiki Sanchez was coming back to him?
That was the story.
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too.
And that was the first thing he told Segredo, which I guess didn't go over that good, when he came back.
Robert Preston, Alex Carous, Julie Andrews, and Leslie Ann Warren all for Victor Victoria.
And that cute.
Don't call Alex Carous a lady.
Julie Andrews, do you want to put Victor Victoria?
I never saw it.
What about Julie Andrews in the sound of music?
Okay.
I hate musicals, man.
I hate musicals, man.
Wow, I hate musicals.
I know all the facts are supposed to be musicals.
Not this one.
I can't stand that crap.
Makes me nauseous.
You like Broadway musicals, though?
No.
No, I do not.
You do?
No.
Chotens.
Chotens.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Twenty till known at 5.60 WQM.
We got the Mad Dog.
The angry puppet coming up at 1 o'clock today.
He's a legend in his own mind.
Hank Goldberg from Louisville.
Can you imagine he just punched in his guts out?
What a life he's got, huh?
Makes me look like a piker.
Three to seven, a hopper from Louisville from the track no doubt.
Hurricane Hotline at 7 with her coupons.
You got Joe Zagaki at 8.
Prove enough that's perfect.
Jersey Gaki sucks, okay?
Marlon's on Deck at 9.
Foubled by the Marlon's in the Diamondbacks 9.35.
Any interest in that ball game?
No.
Any K follows that game in a wee hours whenever the hell it's over finally.
And then Mark Eisenberg alone.
As Joe Castell is on, he's cruising it.
He's Tom cruising it this way.
Where did they go?
One of those cruises to nowhere or just like a summer we can't talk about.
Don't know.
You don't know?
So I guess we can't talk about it.
Okay.
19 till noon at 2 a.m.
Hand Let me tell you right now if your carpets are looking pretty lame.
If you figure it out as the time to spend a fortune and put all new carpeting in your home, don't do it.
That's not the way to go.
The way to go is make one easy phone call to my good pyzons.
It's right concepts for over 20 years now for like a lifetime.
I've been using these people in my house and I wouldn't dream using anybody else because why bother when they do the job that they do for you?
Call 1-800-248-5071 and you'll be in for a real treat if you never call dry concepts before.
First of all, they show up right on time.
They roll up their sleeves.
They dry clean your carpets like nobody else because it's an exclusive patented method.
Your carpets look just like brand new when they finish.
They're drying a couple of hours.
They smell em and fresh and they stay clean longer and last longer too.
It's an unbeatable combination.
And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work soon.
Have to worry about rip-offs or scams which are notorious in the carpet cleaning industry.
If you have problems with pet odors, milled odors caused by water damage.
No problem. They'll make those disappear.
So whether it's your carpeting, your pulse rate, your leather furniture, your expensive area and oriental rugs.
These are the guys who do a stupendous unbeatable job for you always at a guaranteed fair price.
Do yourself like I said a gigantic favor called dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071
or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget it's absolutely true when you use dry concepts you can clean today entertain tonight.
Fibre the local, this is the 5-6-E.
The radio's on your side.
Q-M.
Good luck.
All right.
Got a hooker and got a blow job.
Get a hooker and get a blow job.
In the backseat she went down on his knob.
Stop broke it up they saw her hand bob when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
English don't have sex they drink too much tea.
Unless you're part of the royal family.
You're a real man.
You're a real man.
You're a real man.
You're a real man.
You're a real man.
Yeah you got a blow job.
You're a real man.
Jesus, come on.
I was just so angry with you.
He's another one I'll never be able to figure out.
What is the story with him?
Can he add?
Does he look good?
Is he entertaining?
What is the story with him?
He's short he's got club feet and he plays the piano.
But other than that he's dynamite and he's Brit.
What was the best all-time performance in a motion picture by an actress who acts in today?
Kathy Bates, misery 25.
She'll be tough to catch.
Francis McDormand Fargo, fifteen.
Linda Blair, the exorcist, fifteen.
Glenn Close, fatal attraction, behave in twelve.
Tied with Kathleen Turner and body heat.
Sally Field and civil eight.
Vivian Lee, gone with the wind and Hillary's swank.
And boys don't cry each have seven.
Murl Streep and Sophie Stoyce also seven.
Fay Dunn away and the mommy dearest also with seven.
Betty Davis, whatever happened to baby Jane six.
And everybody else after that, small potatoes, five or less.
Here's a good one of our chronic factors, Alan, future poll suggestions.
The first one we've done, whose Florida's most embarrassing politician, been there, done that.
But what WQA impersonality would you at least want to be stuck next to on a plane?
You hear that, SARS?
I'm just making a suggestion if we do that poll.
Maybe I'll be over it by then.
What is South Florida's biggest restaurant rip off?
Ooh.
Couldn't be the Red Lobster, could it?
What Florida tourist destination would tell you your out-of-state...
What Florida tourist destination would you tell your out-of-state friends to avoid?
And who's the biggest jackass on South Florida television?
Well, I think just recently in the last few minutes we may have touched on that.
Yeah.
Because if he is coming back to town, I don't think anybody can hold a cantalor ricky tick you.
No.
Including that guy who's dead.
Oh no!
You know something, this is scary.
Oh, you cannot believe this.
Did you just hack a luge?
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the facts you just said.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, but you don't know why.
Why, you were just...
I was just two days ago.
Two days ago, I was just sitting there watching TV.
And I started thinking for the first time in years about Jerry Williams.
And you just facts me this from the Boston Globe.
Mm-hmm.
Jerry Williams, Dean of Talk Radio in Boston, dead at 79.
Oi!
Long time Boston, of course, was in Miami for one amazing year at WNW West.
That was quite a year.
We had a star studded line up, not too many studs, but a lot of stars.
With Alice Rantell and yours truly in Jerry Williams in the afternoon.
Barber studly, I love the Jewish people, the Jewish people.
Long time Boston radio talk show, Jerry Williams considered one of the pioneers of Talk Radio format, died today.
He was 79.
How do you like that?
Huh.
I was just thinking about Jerry the other day.
He died?
Williams died at Massachusetts General Hospital after a long illness at Rod Fritz,
news director of Boston's WRKO, where Williams hosted a popular afternoon drive time program in the 80s.
He started doing issues around the talk shows back in the 50s, and it just blossomed from there.
Fritz said of Williams, with whom he worked over two decades.
He's probably best known for his time in Boston, but he made waves everywhere he went, fill it off in New York Chicago.
He was on WWW DB, the wonderful world of Dolly Banks in Philly.
We're almost one two, two different times.
He was at WAVC in New York.
Williams started his radio career in Bristol, Tennessee in 1946, but became widely known as Boston's WRKO.
In 1976, an audience that covered 38 states in Canada, in 1976 Williams joined WMC in New York following your WWW DB for Love.
His cantankarist style made him popular among listeners, but often infuriated politicians and public officials.
He became an especially harsh critic of then-governor Michael Dukakis.
And Aniko, who was one of the first people to say when they started construction on the big dig back in the 60s,
that this project is a boondoggle, it'll never be finished on time or in on budget.
Williams who lived in Marshfield had been in semi-retirement occasional guest shows.
People are already calling up to say he'll be sorely missed.
How do you like that, Jerry Williams is dead at 79. I thought he was older than that.
79? He must have been doing his age like Moe, you know?
Had one and take off two? No, seriously, every birthday they had one and take off two or three.
Because what year was Jerry? And 23 years ago, in 1980, is when Jerry came to Miami for that one year WWS?
And you know where I met him when he first came to town?
No.
McDonald's.
And it's a true story.
McDonald's on South Dixie Highway right down there between Ludlam and whatever else is up the road up to Hershey Highway.
Met you're eight McDonald's. I don't remember why. I don't remember what the special reason was.
I met him at McDonald's, special and fries, I'm sure.
Here's the facts from Jay and Tampus' and I don't know how to take this because I'm not sure this is true.
Oh, I guess they got a point.
Did you ever notice how you go to see Moe because an actor is in it, for example, like Sam Jackson, Harrison Ford.
But nobody really goes to see Moe because an actress is in it.
Think about it. It's two. It says unless, of course, the actress gets naked, right, George?
Unless it's Sharon Stone showing her crush for two hours.
Right.
Is that correct?
Correct.
I guess he's right.
Nobody would ever go to see a movie with Faye Dunnoway and it'd be just because she's in it.
Right.
Although on the other hand, I don't necessarily go see a movie because some guys in it either actor or actress.
No, no, no, but the point being that many people do go to see a movie because Kiano Reeves is in it.
Right.
Or Brad Pitt.
Many people do.
Or Matt Damon.
Yeah.
Or Leo DiCaprio.
Leo.
Sorry to do that.
It's so close to lunchtime.
Okay.
What's a good point?
Now here's another one.
Jane Fonda and Clute.
Huh?
I don't think I ever saw Clute.
All those Fonda haters used to say she plays a mean skin-cute.
A bigger part.
I never saw Clute.
I'll put it on there.
Okay.
I think I'm pretty good for Hanoi Jane.
Olivia the Havelin and Snake Pitt.
Oh yeah.
Wasn't that the one where she played the, uh, the, uh, in scene woman?
Never saw it.
Oh.
That's a very famous movie snake, but in the end you ever saw it.
I saw it a long time ago.
Is it a long, long time ago?
She was good at it.
There's nobody ever talked about Olivia the Havelin.
So it's a long time ago.
And most of us aren't that old.
Even me.
And that's seeing a lot.
Boy, Jerry Williams did.
Not long now, George.
I know.
Won't be long now.
I'll be right on his ass.
The Snake Pitt.
1948.
Olivia the Havelin, Mark Stevens, Leo Gen.
Celeste Homes, Leith Erickson.
And a bunch of other, uh, Bula Bondi again.
Overrated at the time as a piece of mature and realistic cinema
with the strong social conscious, this now works best as a lured melodrama.
The Havelin pulls out all the stops as the woman committed to a mental hospital.
See, I told you, pronounced fit to believe before her consultant thinks she's ready.
She soon returns in an even worse state.
And there's the word for the very seriously disturbed.
Definitely put that on there.
The snake pit.
Olivia the Havelin.
Got it.
I hate this book.
That's one thing I'm going to do this week.
I'm going to go out to my bookstore.
Well, is that the Brit one that you're going to play?
Yeah, the timeout guide.
Oh, I have a bunch of pseudo intellectual snobs, you know.
Or overrated at the time as a piece of mature and realistic cinema.
Yeah, you know, it's kind of like the stop Florida review book.
Everything's got a little stoch a little dig in it, you know.
Nothing's ever good enough for them.
In fact, if it is good enough for them, stay the hell away.
It's probably crap.
Ingrid Bergman and Spellbound.
That was another Hitchcock movie.
Get that on there.
Got it.
Got it.
Boy, this list.
This list is overflowing, man.
Off the end of the world, off the page.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQIN.
See, they couldn't wait for there for half hour.
I know what their problem was.
WQIN.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I got a new one for you.
I don't think anybody's mentioned this one.
Personal best with Mario Hemingway.
Got to put that on there.
That was definitely mentioned years ago.
I think she got an award for that one.
Wasn't that a bike movie?
Yeah.
Exactly.
And let George know, speaking of Big Hands, Mario Hemingway,
she's got to have the biggest hands for one that I ever seen.
Size 12, shoe size also.
He's a good one, right?
He's almost up there with Tom Wellingway.
I guess tonight we'll find out he's got the bigger ass.
He could definitely palm up.
I've asked him also, you know, for all of them average guys,
you know, she'll definitely make you look small.
You know what I mean?
Okay, thanks.
Maybe she could make some movies with Brian Dupama or Arnold Pama.
1156, get that on there.
Mario Hemingway and Personal Best.
That was a bike athlete movie.
Now we couldn't make that bag athlete movie that Paul Newman's been trying to make for years.
Paul Newman and Gourphidob and trying to get that movie made, which I can't see with the name of it.
We don't want to do that because there's no such thing as gay athletes.
Oh, God.
America's not ready for that yet.
Can you imagine?
Moe would be swooning, say, with that movie.
Swooning.
Well, the decision expected at 1 p.m.
From the WH.
Oh, Mel Asman says, who's that?
Mel Asman, the Toronto Mayor thinks that the who has still got the Roger Daltry and Peter Thompson.
Hey, the number one Asian buffet in the world is the Emil Coast, which you ought to know by now.
In sunrise, North Miami Beach and the newest location in Pembroke Pines.
Emil Coast is the perfect place to put a big smile on the special lady in your life.
This copy, man, I wouldn't, I wouldn't give this to a tell of the hunt is copy of Soba.
The perfect place to put a big smile on the push of that special lady in your life, your mom, your wife, whoever,
on Mother's Day Sunday, May 11th coming up soon.
Start your mouthwatering eating experience with six different soups and then sample dozens of succulent on-prest.
New York strip steak made the word of the gourmet, center of sizzling, assizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp, scampy style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon.
Dogeness crab and ginger and scallions and hand-carb prime rib and look for the new Oriental Chicken Salad too.
The Emil Coast promotes healthy living too, like I always said, because there's no crab, no MSG, no cornstarch, and it cook only with cholesterol free oils.
You'll never walk out of there with a headache.
There were features of full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail too.
And because your mom deserves it, the Emil Coast features a full dessert station featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit,
the perfect ending to a perfect meal and unforgettable feast on Mother's Day or any day.
Emil Coast with three locations for you, sunrise, pine island of 44th Street, they're on Collins Avenue just north of 163 in North Miami Beach, and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines.
So book now for Mother's Day, May 11th, as reservations are going pronto, they're going real fast.
All-size parties are welcome, by the way.
Let them do the cooking for you, they're going to coast take out deliveries always available too.
Call 9-5-4-57238-22.
9-5-4-57238-22 for information on Emil Coast and especially coming up Mother's Day a week from Sunday.
We're supporting you 5-16-2AM.
This is Dick Cheney, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour beeping.
Hey.
I am Mo' Howard David, the crepit and dimensions, all over my old face are blue and red is purple based.
I don't know why they hate me, or why they always hate me.
It must be cause I got you.
Blue and red is purple based.
A baseball on my arm like a ramic now he mappellacca wad.
I got things on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhors, but that's no mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are mad you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing shade to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping it.
I could go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk on looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I fired the beast, the fat little freak. I did him a favor now again afford any.
The reason I dismissed that snake and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play cadesta.
Hey, somebody talk over there, nobody talks when I rap. I rap then you talk.
Look at me. I'm hit, hit. I ain't no square. I'm a ding-dong daddy man. I'm really dead.
I buy her any one I want. I don't care. But hopefully if they make me flip my wig made her smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the grapes.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here or else we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the gents.
Paradise. Paradise and I kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
I'll be shoving up the screw kids when I get the chance that the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Killed the calling of play.
And we just a little thought. So what I left this day.
I think that's funny when I'm not the sandwich buddy. I can do what I want but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something? Oh, something you ought to know. But a lot of your time I wanted you to be my home.
You are my type, pal. Now I'm straight. Oh no.
Who? Who do you do?
I won't take no for an answer.
But it's not you.
Get out of here.
Get out there.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Carval three at five sixty WQ Emmets are big noon to one hour.
Got the mad dog at one. The Humper from Louisville at three.
So anyway, this facts here. If you're going to correct this on things, that's fine.
But at least get the name of the person right.
Francis McDermott did a much better acting job in blood, blood simple, but the only problem with it. That's not her name.
McDermott.
McDormond is the name. Okay.
McDormond.
She was a good and good.
Well, have you gotten the most recent facts?
It just coming over right now as a matter of fact because I got my five hundred pound book I'm putting down.
Because our best close personal friend, Matty, would like to know what other kinds of numbers you would like.
Oh, that that Matty Bell is the best, baby.
Oh, yeah.
We've got this so far. What else would you like?
Whatever he wants to send us will be just fine. Whatever he's kind enough to send me to the light.
What other can lose?
Huh?
Men 25 54. Many 18 plus would be nice.
I think that's about all we really care about.
I mean, nobody cares about 12 plus Kevin Bastard over there at the hero.
I never played that hero thing. Don't let me forget.
All right. Let's see. This isn't the morning.
Now is he doing us? Oh, I see six to nine.
Right.
I see.
Wow. Look at that. We had an outstanding book better than we thought.
We're number one.
And now you know what we'd like. We also like 10 to one.
Yeah.
He's still there. Yeah.
We'd like to have 10 to one because that's our ratings thing is 10 to 10 to 1 p.m.
Okay. Oh, it's that'll be a really impressive number.
But you know something and we're going to get the R by hour.
Yes.
Okay. Tell him to get busy.
That's Matty. You're the best, baby.
For a little shrimpie guy. You're a full of it.
Mornings. Here's the mole moisture.
Now let's see how much we help.
I hope Mo is homeless.
And now, baby, because now to print.
And now I know why he took the day off.
You know what I'm saying?
I, I, I, yeah.
Crap it in his old pantaloonies. Those checkered pants.
And while you're at it, Mo.
Take off those checkered pants.
Yeah. Before you go out in a golf course.
All right. Isn't it raining again?
I don't know. I guess. Yeah.
Rain in a crappy.
There. I mean, it's been sunny and beautiful here, man.
And a little bit of illness. I mean, nothing's perfect.
One o'clock. They're having that big meat.
I can't wait to see the results of that.
They better take this, uh, this curse off T.
Oh, they put on here.
So, so a ride can come out and play. Play rod.
Look at this. This is shocking.
All of this good stuff coming over here.
How the mad dog do?
Uh, uh, I'm fine.
He did. He did.
I did. Okay.
They're okay. Han can't hear me.
Otherwise, I'd get all excited about his number.
Let's see how he done.
Well, we already know how he did because three to seven is a day part.
What's wrong with me?
I stupid or what?
Thank you. Anyway, Mo, six to nine,
and big Howard stir in nine point seven.
You can't beat Howard in the morning.
The only problem is we got the wrong one.
Big six to nine, and Howard stir in nine point seven.
Zeta, Paul and old Ron six point eight.
Didn't I say they were going to make a big comeback?
Mm-hmm.
Did I say? No, I don't know.
Uh, hot, hot 105, 6.5.
This is men 25 to 54.
These are the demos that people care about Kevin Basterd.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay. I don't have a radio rhythm over AMR, CMQ.
A lot of, uh, no speaking English.
EDR. Wow.
Uh, I would be tied for fourth.
Now, what do they have just the news in the morning on I would be six to nine?
I don't know.
I mean, there's anybody else.
Yes. Uh, QIM tied for seventh with a 4.1.
So in the six to 10, we listed them up by six tenths of a point.
Because he had a 4.7, allegedly.
I mean, right, six to 10, six to nine to 4.1.
So he's tied for seven with EDR and IOD.
Which was in that bad.
Nice going old man.
All that bad.
Not great.
Not great, but this is better than six.
Yeah, I know.
Finding through a little bit of a number in there.
Then radio to homophobia power at a 3.1.
This is not their demo.
Now, what about the RFX, the Fox people?
Fox Sports had a 0.6 in the morning, 6 to 9 a.m.
Oh, baby.
Even a cat was right on her ass with an 0.3.
All that business about classical music.
I don't want to mention any names, but some people made a big stimulus about that.
We wrote all those big articles about it.
We got to have our classical music.
Right.
Right.
You could fit the audience in a phone booth, besides of that deli that I ate in on Saturday.
I still can't get over that place.
You know the doc how deli?
Oh, that woman's going to call.
I don't care.
Screw that bitch.
Okay, let's see.
9 a.m. to 1 p.m.
That's the near Roger show.
Number one.
WQ I am.
With an 8 point.
Oh, shareman 25.
Fifty.
Number one.
Wow.
You're welcome, oh, for lifting the up by six tenths of a point, getting almost up to a five share there.
With that nine o'clock hour.
Well, of course, we don't know that because that that's a.
Yeah, we do.
That's right.
Big 5.9.
9 to 1.
Big.
I'm sure a big part of that is the 9 to 10 hour.
You following?
Right.
Zeta 5.3.
Radio Romance 4.7.
CMQ FM 4.5.
IOD 4.5.
Now what did they got in there?
9 to 1.
Dr. Laura for three hours and the rush rush.
Does he going to give us the hour by hour?
He's working on it now.
What did I tell you about Maddie Bell?
I said, you know, that's a good guy we liked up.
But I mean, useless as boobs on a ballpoint pen.
The other program, the taskam numbers, when we get those with the little charts and things like that, like how you used to give us that won't be out until tomorrow.
Well, what is going to be on that?
Nothing.
We just have to deal with this format today is what he wanted me to explain.
That's fine.
We'll take whatever you got, Maddie.
We're thrilled.
We're pleased as punch as Hubert Humphrey would say if he could be here to say it.
Oh, and you know something you know what's on here?
Mr. Ego, isn't that WNMA?
You always ask and we never know.
It's tied for 27th with the cat and with WFE radiofei in the morning.
Men 2554, you know what, Mr. Ego's got a 0.3, 0.3, Steve O'nice going, baby.
Yeah.
You're a number none, baby.
You're a number none.
That is, that is shocking.
I don't make police say WNMA.
There's the name of it.
Is that what he's doing?
Mm-hmm.
The no name station.
Maddog.
Let's see, IOD number one in, you know what is this?
1 to 3, 1 to 3 p.m.
6.1 share for IOD.
Maddog number two of the 5.2.
Keep in mind, this is January, February and March.
And of course, March, once the war started, those goose steppers, they're always innovative to rush.
They're rushing to rush.
I shouldn't have said Russian.
That's not in right now.
CMQFM, is there anybody else out of way out of check and see how Fox did?
WRFX, the big Fox sportsmeisters.
Midday, 1.6 in men.
Now we're talking, number 23.
And against Maddog, WRFX, the Fox guys that's roaming, 1.7.
Instead of consistent, they're consistently under a two, making little or no impact.
Afternoon drive, the Hank Goldberg show.
IOD, the Schmidtmeister, and the only reason being the Hannah Heels of Rush.
6.2, berries the competition, just kill them.
That WFLA, that Tampa talk radio, just killed men 2554, 6.2 share, number one.
Ready for that?
I'm ready.
EDR49, Hank third with a 4.8.
Zeta 4.7.
So let me look at this now.
Okay?
Okay guys, we're dealing with, listen to me.
Mo, 6.9, a 4.1.
Got it?
Us, us, 9 to 1, and 8.
Oh!
Maddog, 1 to 3, a 5.2, and Hank, 3 to 7, a 4.8.
You seeing the pattern there?
Yeah.
So Mo, you made a little bit of a headway there, but I'll tell you, you're still at the bottom of the totem pool.
I know it's only been about a year.
You got a long way to go.
Oh, George?
Okay, don't be stuck in the right with him.
He's still pissed off at you.
Yeah, but if it weren't for people like you, trying to destroy his show, he'd have a way higher number than that.
Yeah, if he would stop being such a schmuck.
Hey, kids, stop!
I know.
Stop alienating the whole audience and being such a puss.
Hey, kids, stop!
And alienating everybody in the building who were dancing in the hallways this morning that he was out today.
Hey, kids, stop!
I know. He just can't help himself.
10 to 1 is on the way.
Oh, sorry.
I beg your pardon?
10 to 1 is on the way.
Joe and Mark overnight.
I bet you'd enjoy the excited to hear this.
Maybe Mark Eisenberg is listening right now monitoring the New Roger Show.
Do you think I doubt it?
IOD number one overnight, 6.9.
Overnight.
Now what hours are these?
Oh, 2 to 6 am.
Big, 6.4.
Where the hell are these guys?
Where is their show?
Oh, no.
Tied for 11th with a 3.2 in men.
Tied for number 11.
See, what's they got off those Fridays now?
Nobody listens anymore.
Yeah, once they put them under on Sunday night, which of course, nobody cares about this,
because this is Monday through Friday.
We're talking about it.
And so they lose the Friday number, which brings them down.
Not saying that they would have been that great, but they sure would have been a few notches higher.
So, Mark, you're not only killing us by forcing us to, like, not do attend it to anymore.
So you can, like, work three lousy hours every day.
But also the dirty boys that you're always picking on has been a weak lead-in.
Always cranking on them every time you get a chance.
And he's killing them too by forcing them to work Sunday nights instead of Friday night.
Nobody, nobody in this business, works Sunday through Thursday.
Catch my drift?
Yeah.
Everybody works Monday through Friday in this business.
Nobody except poor Mark and Joe or Joe and Mark, whatever that's used to be called.
The girly boys.
12, 13 at 5, 60 WQM.
And if you're fat, sure got a lot of company, and especially a WQM, it's called Radio Fat.
It's a sea of fat.
In fact, we got some people like Josh Reben, who are drowning in a big glob and a globular sea of fatty pustules.
If you'd like to lose someone at disgusting weight, which doesn't really look like hell,
but is also unhealthy for and gives you your diabetes and all kinds of other bad things and heart disease and strokes and things like that, that some of us can relate to.
Lose the weight, the simple, delicious way with balance for life.
It's so simple because they do all of them figuring out for you.
They do all the work.
You just put the stuff in your purse.
The only choice you make is on that menu that they send you every week.
You pick between two choices for each meal and each snack every day trying to program.
That's it.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrates figuring.
Because they delivered you in a little black sack by 6 a.m.
A great, great days worth of food, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, everything fresh and delicious.
There is beef, there's chicken, there's turkey, there's you like it, they got it.
All kinds of great breakfasts.
And of course, the weight is going to pour off your body real fast because you're full all day long.
You won't be cheating on this program unless you're a real pig or real slob like some people we could mention, but I won't waste my time.
So if you want to lose the weight finally, once and for all, if you're tired of the fad diets, if you're tired of trying those dangerous pills,
that might just give you a heart attack and kill you, let balance for life through the job for you.
Call them right now and find out all about it. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or if you like it's simple, just check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com.
So the rabbi says I would have a huge guy in there, but everyone's been scared and scared.
Walks through hallways sideways, and he covers with gorilla head.
Mama says he's our pig.
He's the king and some young people, we don't believe him alone.
We're not too sure what's going on there. Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
That real thing takes money, but he's no stand-aid. He's not funny, isn't he?
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
He's no making excuses to tease out of my belly button and sell it by the pound.
It ain't fair.
God so bad, he's got to explode it.
He's doing wretched by-law over the roof.
There's staples of that town and it's moving.
Just you holding all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
That he thinks I care if it's more than likely, and he thinks he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
Come here, come here.
Don't let me throw them using it.
This is the theme when someone calls you an asshole.
We're number one.
Come 19 at 560, we're going to have 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., men 25 54 and 8.6.
Second place is Zeta with a five point.
Oh!
And you like that? Pretty good margin?
Yeah.
I'm not going to throw it.
I'm not going to throw it.
I'm not going to throw it.
I'm not going to throw it.
I'm not going to throw it.
I'm not going to throw it.
I'm not going to throw it.
It's got Carmen on there.
Carlos, make sure Eric gets that right.
Carmen Jones.
Because people think we're much of idiots.
They'll be on to us.
And how about Z Zang, Zhang, and Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon?
Yeah.
Rob says I have this thing for Asian women lately.
I can't shake.
Maybe it's SARS related.
I try shaking it again, Rob.
I try shaking it again, see if it falls off.
So anyway, I got this stuff you sent me here.
But where was the hour by hour that he was going to give us?
Oh, maybe after lunch.
After lunch?
I think that's part of the task and stuff that we have to wait for.
Oh, I see.
Oh, that's okay.
Thanks, Maddie, you're okay at our book, baby.
We did it.
And let me say it again.
We're number one, David!
And this includes a pretty mediocre career at January.
I should point out since he did send me the things on a month by month.
You see that?
I do.
Now let's see Mo.
I don't want to get him nervous or anything.
But 6 to 10 AM, 5.3 in January.
That was his claim to fame in January, big month, 4.2 in February, and 4.4 in March, a foe foe.
As opposed to us who had like a 5.5 in January, then a 9.8 and a 6.4.
So once that January drops off, it's going to be really looking good in the next trend.
And then the one after that, going to Craper, because we'll lose that big February.
See how it evens itself out.
It's up, it's down, it's in.
This is what we have to live with in his business, folks.
And we're pretty not too happy about it.
But we'll take it.
And we'll take it this time because...
We're number one, damage!
Bonus money, baby.
I bet you that Carlos has already got his bonus money spent.
It's like he never had it.
Right.
5.670, 5.60, 0.560, 0.560 on a 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
36 votes on a pool.
In just a little over an hour, that's not too shabby.
But I don't think we'll get as many votes on this pool as we did on the men's pool.
On the men's pools?
I don't, I could be wrong.
Don't forget it's Tuesday.
The night's the night Tom Walling is going to bear it.
His ass anyway.
Correct him.
That's what they tell me.
I don't know what everybody is so excited about that.
In fact, you know, from the ass end, remember those pictures we had of the naked Iraqis
that the Americans were making them walk them on naked right?
The shoplifters?
The looters?
Well, I don't, you know, from the ass end, probably not quite as hairy though.
Francis McDormand and Fargo has moved in the first place.
Is that possible?
Yeah, it is.
37.
I don't even know that movie.
What's it about?
It's about a murder kidnapping and she is the investigative cop in a small North Dakota town.
How boring.
No, it's not.
The colon brothers made it.
The same people that made a blood simple and raising Arizona and all that.
It's very, very good.
Yeah.
Huh, them.
Yeah.
A Kathy Bates and Misery is right on her ass with 36.
And Halle Berry and Monsters Ball 33.
Now that's got to be a joke.
No.
They like the mind.
They like Calle Berry.
Yeah, but it was great.
She won the Oscar for that.
Linda Blair, the exorcist 22, Kathleen Turner, attorney, a bottle of bottle of hot water.
He's got 17.
Glenn Co, a close fatal attraction 14.
Fade down away.
Molly Derrist, only 11.
Vivian League on with a win 10.
Katherine Hepburn, the African queen.
Betty Davis, whatever.
Have it a baby Jane.
A Meryl Streep Sophie's choice and Hillary's swank.
And boys don't quite each have nine.
Should I give it the ones with eight?
Eight votes for Liz Taylor, who's afraid of Virginia Wolf.
Louise Fletcher, waffle over the kuhu's nest.
Nurse Ratchet.
And Elizabeth Shoe and Libby Las Vegas and Sally Field and Sybilitz have eight.
And after that, even Grace Kelly and we're windows only got six.
Yeah.
She didn't do that much in that movie.
She was a grass.
Huh?
She wore a nice dress.
She was ironing your shirt and she wore a nice dress.
And she brought him up there while he was real around in the weird chair.
And she looked at the window and he was watching Raymond Burr over there.
He was screaming and yelling with his wife.
So done in what?
Yes?
Just handed me the hour by hour that he got on.
Yeah, and I always say that stuff was the best.
No.
Then I always tell you that.
He did well for that.
But I presume it's meant 2554's what this is.
Don't hate you.
Yeah.
Is that what it is meant 2554 month for one?
No, come on, look right.
It doesn't look right.
Maybe it is.
I don't know.
No, I guess that's right if you average it out.
What do you mean by that?
Well, just send it to me.
Don't sit there.
It's going to be a very easy measure.
I'm just killing time until the time's up.
My God.
I'm mighty.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T line.
QAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Nailed me.
I just want to ask you a quick question.
Can I put it in the thumb and put it up?
Oh, go ahead.
That's for the best woman.
Mike, Mike is rock-hooked in an any movie he plays.
Oh, yeah.
WQAM.
Yeah, do you think voting for Judy Gailin would be gay?
Yeah.
What about...
Ask the last guy.
He'll tell you.
It's his specialty.
WQAM.
Oh, I'm Taker.
WQAM.
Oh, I forgot Kim Hunter in the planet of the age.
How about riding McDowell?
Let's see what we got in here.
Hour by hour.
It has been 2550.
Men 2554.
Okay, let's take a look at this.
Now Moe's got that one big hour, there's seven to eight.
I think that's the hour when Geldie talks a lot, isn't it?
It must be it.
Because at eight o'clock, here you go.
Hour by hour.
Men 25 to 54.
Here are the shares.
Five in the morning.
Moe's got a three-seven.
He's not out of five in the morning.
That's the dirty boys.
Oh, my God.
How is that possible?
He goes from a three-seven to a three-three at six.
You do a think.
Oh, that's when Howard starts.
The other Howard.
But that's when our Howard starts at six a.m.
And they're what are they making about 10 grand a year, something like that between the two of them?
And then at six o'clock, you think everybody's running around going.
It's time to get it off.
But they're not.
Time to get it off.
Three-three.
Then at seven o'clock, all the way up to a five-four, just at one hour they can stand it.
Eight o'clock, down to a three-four.
But then in nine, we pick it up to a six-four.
Ten o'clock to a nine-five.
Eleven o'clock to a nine-two.
And noon of seven-three.
Then a five-point.
And a five-five for the mad dog.
Hank five-point-six.
Down to a four-one-of-four-six.
And a five-point.
Oh, six o'clock hour.
And then at seven o'clock, when all that sports crap comes out, which was mostly hockey, a two-point.
Oh!
It would be nice to see the IOD numbers in there, hour by hour.
Can you do that?
The mind won't put too much pressure on them off because you probably won't work.
Come on, muff, let's go.
I think you could handle that.
I'm sure.
I mean, who else do we want to see?
I don't think there's anybody else that we're...
And also probably WRFX, the Fox Sports people that we were so worried and nervous about.
That it got like single digits most of the day, like under a two.
They got all that free press from Barry Jack.
It's really interesting to me since Barry Jack is supposed to be our fearless leader, Greg's good personal buddy, you know.
And they're on this real personal relationship, and I think every now and then they're a bunk together.
But remember when I first the fan, remember that he tried to bury us, Barry Jack asked in the hero, tried to bury us with a fan.
So ducks in peace, huh?
Right, remember that?
Me.
And next, 38 guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie give you a full refund.
No questions asked.
Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413, or log onto their website at CharlesAlphiri.com.
The choice is simple.
Either a Massey looking piece that'll make people laugh or their ass off, or a great looking head of hair again from our good buddy, Charles Alphiri and Fort Lauderdale.
My mind and local guy here is Sports Video 560, you and you and you and me.
Here's number 1, Jimmy!
Tonight on Fox, Homer has a run in with a famous cop.
If hard meme is to shimshin, I hate to bother you, you'll be a wife, be a dead at all.
I think it was you who killed her and tried the claw.
Dope!
You see, I found this bloody cap over here.
Dope! Stupid cap and there this night, Bobby.
Dope! Stupid night!
And, yeah, you know, Mr. Simpson is just one other thing.
What? You know, I never realized just how important your job really is.
No way!
Why just the other night?
The wife and I were talking about this nuclear power thing.
Shut up!
I'm sorry, Mr. Simpson, but I'm afraid I'm gonna have to place you under arrest for murder with special circumstances.
What are you doing, I swear?
What's a shame? What's a terrible waste?
What are you doing here?
I'm Lionel Hut, Mr. Simpson's attorney.
Woohoo! I came!
Mr. Simpson, as your attorney, I'm advising you to take this gun and the keys to that white Bronco outside.
Put the gun to your head and drive around Springfield a few times.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
Oh no, no, don't smile away.
Woohoo!
Catchin' all you Simpson!
Tonight on Fox.
Hey, you're the swear!
1233 at 560 W.
The mad dog, the highly-weighted dim-manage, will be along at one o'clock.
Hank from Maluaville at three.
Hank done okay.
It's gonna be real interesting to see the hour-by-hours on IOD.
You see, it would rush and the Schmidt-Mister?
Mm-hmm.
Catch my grip?
Yeah.
Nine o'clock, six four.
In fact, I'm looking at these numbers we got here.
And I'm looking at the six o'clock in the morning hour and the eight o'clock in the morning hour.
Because between 6am and 7pm, the two lowest rated hours were mosed six o'clock hour,
any eight o'clock hour.
And then he had that abhorrent seven o'clock hour.
So whatever they're doing between seven o'clock, they ought to do a lot more of that.
Right.
Catch my grip.
Whatever they're doing, like maybe a talk and lesson, you're doing a lot more updates or whatever he's doing.
A little hockey talk.
That's strange.
Yeah, it is bizarre.
Like an aberration.
Like a huge an aberration.
Two-point difference there.
Yeah.
Like another three to go five four and then back to a three four.
In other words, like we listened that one hour and that was enough.
I don't, I never saw anything like that.
Now we go from a six four to a nine five and a nine two and then a seven three.
And it's easy to see why because in the nine to ten hour you got how it spurns still on in there.
And then the new to one hour, you got loud ass.
So it's going to cut us back some.
So it's kind of easy to take a look at it and right off the bed it jumps out.
Yeah, right off the page in your brain.
If you know anything about the business time, Jika and Kevin bastard,
which neither one of you do.
Boy, they're both full of Schmidt.
You hear what I said, Tom?
I should have dumped it.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the 18.
He would get a few more of these.
Clute is on air.
By the way, your good friend Lynn wanted to know his clue down in which in Fonda.
You what I just said?
Yeah, I heard what you just said.
And it is on air.
But it doesn't have any votes in because we just put it on there.
We just calm down.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the 18.
And for eyes of wireless line.
WQ I am.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I get ahead.
Just wanted to remind you guys that it's been in Jerry's free scoop day today from new to 8 p.m.
Most locations in the US and Canada, not all, but most of them.
What does that mean for you scoop day?
In other words, if you buy one, you get a second scoop or free?
No, no, no, absolutely free one scoop.
I pointed the one on Los Angeles in downtown Fort Lauderdale free scoop.
Do they charge you for the cone?
No, not at all.
I'm going to give you your choice of any flavor and either a dish or cone.
Okay, thanks for the good news from new to 8 p.m.
Okay, thanks.
Where the hell did that come from?
I don't know, it's too bad.
Rumors not in Toronto right now.
Speak for yourself.
Smoke, you all could go out together and you wouldn't have to pay.
No, no.
I wouldn't have to pay.
He'd find a way.
Kathy Bates in Francis McDormand or Todd, you think that's fargo?
You think I have to find that movie on DVD?
Yeah, easy.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to go out and get it because your tell me it's really worth watching, right?
It is.
And we got drops from it.
And you know what else I'm going to get even though I've seen it a zillion times, I'm going to get misery again.
Although I thought now that the rumors left maybe that that was gone, but I'm going to get misery.
Oh, you're so guy.
I kind of funny looking.
WQAM.
Hola.
Yeah, hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
How about Anne Bancroft and Faso?
I would agree with that.
And Mama Corleone and Godfather.
Okay, thanks.
Put it right your head.
What was your name again?
I can never think of what her name is.
Morgana King.
Morgana King.
Why do we have a mental block?
I'm a...
You know, that would be an interesting thing.
I don't think they could ever really figure that out.
All these...
Pretty good scientists.
All these biochemists.
All these...
Asphoedian psychotherapists.
But why is it that you...
There are certain things you get a mental block on certain names or certain people.
You see the face, you recognize the face, but you can never think of their name.
No matter, you know, and it's always the same.
Morgana King.
I mean, Morgana King was a very famous singer or actress.
But she just...
I can never think of her name.
What was the first one he just gave me?
Anne Bancroft.
Anne Bancroft and Faso.
See, George has kicked him with him.
Only in his case, it's called Huli Alzheimer's.
Anne Bancroft and Faso.
Why didn't we put that on him?
We talked about that the other day.
Well, how she wrote it and she directed it.
And her performance in her was just absolutely beyond description.
It was sensational.
You ate the only.
The cake was for his nephew, Anthony.
And he...
You ate the...
You ate the only.
Only us fat slabs could appreciate that as much.
You ate the only.
You know, that's an interesting thing.
Other than the rumor, which you just mentioned, I will not be mentioning him again soon.
But other than that, I'm trying to think of anybody.
Because I never knew him when he was fat, but he showed me pictures of when he was gargantuan, huge.
But stop and think about this.
How many people have you known or known of who were really fat and then lost all the way?
I'm not talking about lost a little bit of weight, like me.
But lost all the weight and then were slim, the rest of their lives.
Do you know anybody like that?
I'm thinking not personally, though.
I don't see it happen very often.
No.
I mean, around our building, you got Josh Friedman, who, according to everybody in the building,
practically can't even get in the door anymore.
I mean, there are people like Boog who were, you know, he was fat, but not, you know, grotesquely obese.
Right.
And he lost it all in so far.
Well, I don't know.
I think he was not grotesquely, but he was, he was pretty fat.
He was a big boy.
He was a chubby boy.
And now he's lost it and kept it off.
So he'd be the one reception I would say in a QM family, but other than that, we got a lot of...
A fat boy and Josh Friedman and the beast.
I mean, the beast isn't as big as he was.
Thanks to us, thanks to yours truly, but...
He could be a lot smaller and a lot less roly-poly if he would have just stayed on the straight and narrower path.
Did he do it?
No.
Is he going to do it?
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh, they're going with a death wish.
Oh, they're good news for their friends and fat boy out there.
I spoke to him before to show this morning.
He had his little thing in his heart.
What they...
A valve?
Yeah.
He had a valve and a lube job.
And he replaced a valve or something like that.
He didn't sound all that great.
But it came through with flying colors and black and blue, I think, mostly.
And he said he's going to be okay.
And now they have to do a thing with a hip replacement and find a few other spare body parts.
And why wouldn't the guy like him ever do liposuction?
I mean, I'm not that crazy about that because I've seen the procedure on TV where they...
Oh, it's a nasty looking thing.
But seriously, when you're that big, why wouldn't somebody like him do that?
I don't know.
Ask him if he ever comes back.
If he ever comes back alive, ask him.
Twenty to one at five sixty WQM have been thinking about buying a new barbecue or barbecue accessories.
A place you really need to check out is BBQ's galore.
Get a head start on the barbecue in season with the perfect grilling accessories for the long hot summer.
All of the guaranteed lowest prices.
Barbecue's galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line.
Commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill I've had one of those for years and I'd be loving it.
Their popular three burner cook on has a generous 625 square inch cooking area and 42,000 BTUs all for one great low price.
Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed wheel cart for just 399 bucks or upgrade to the slaked black pedestal base for just 439 bucks.
For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, a store you're absolutely going to love.
Barbecue's galore with two locations for you in South Florida during plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center called 9-5-4-4-2-3-1400
and a crawl spring 7485 West Sample Road corner of Sample and Rock Island called 9-5-4-75-7-66-68.
Don't forget now for the biggest selection of barbecues anywhere not just in the county not just in the state but in the entire country.
It's barbecues galore.
My, my, and local, this is Sports Radio by 60.
Way, way, yeah.
All right.
Welcome.
I make some friends with my bad ass sitting down watching the news.
I just don't want to use my friends or the fillets my own ears.
Cause they all smile so smugly on the pundits that I see.
Like I'm fox and friends.
I believe they're my friends and they really care about me.
I know it's true.
It's been seen too.
Cause I saw it all fading.
I know that they're in the right path as the group is so the Lord.
I lost my job, my money's gone.
That's what I'm saying, Clinton fall.
They came for my family.
I'll say it not agree.
But I have nothing to hide.
So I should be all right until they come for me.
I know it's true.
Cause it's been seen too.
I know that I saw it all fading.
I've got the proof and the bank is true.
Cause it's all in all the way.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Looks like Rich Pactor just sent me a few bucks.
Yeah.
Fargo, it says you'll hate it.
Stupid, overrated and dumb.
Fat.
It says the next location pointed to bottom of this facts.
Well, I hate it now.
That convinces me.
And what is this in a bottom and idiotic Minnesota accents throughout?
What's a Minnesota accent?
Oh, y'all sure.
Don't know.
That's Canadian A.
The NSOMES.
Did they say A?
Yeah.
I don't know if they say A.
They never will be sure.
Well, whatever.
A.
So Rich Pactor, thanks for saving me the money because he's got pretty good taste sometimes.
Especially when he disagrees with you.
Oh, yeah.
Look at us.
We got a battle going on here for first.
The best all-time performance in a movie by an actress.
You know, he had one woman called it now.
Wouldn't you think.
Wouldn't you think that women would like be more inclined to stand up for like other women who did great?
You see what I'm saying?
You did.
Great work.
Right.
We haven't had one woman called today.
We're not talking about sex parts for the most part.
We got Halle Berry and Aaron.
She's doing great and a couple of others.
But generally speaking, we're talking about people judging them on their work, not on their breast or their ass.
And yet we haven't had one woman called today to suggest a acting performance by any actor.
That's sad.
That is pathetic.
Halle Berry, Monsters Ball 44.
Francis McDormand Fargo 42, Rich Pactor, says F.
Kathy Bates, Misery 40.
And then there are the three.
That's a battle.
Kathleen Turner and Body Heat 23.
Linda Blair, the exorcist 23.
Glenn Close, Fatal Attraction 16.
Louise Fletcher, once we're over to Cookus, and that's got 13.
As I try to slide this baby back up there.
And then it goes down from there.
Captain Hepburn, the African Queen 14.
So there you go.
Vote to your hearts content.
Have a wonderful time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 60 on the AT&T.
I'm so glad he told me Fargo's sucked.
You were telling me it was great, weren't you?
It's good.
It is good.
Well, okay, it's 2-1. Rich Pactor's outvoted.
I guess I could afford it, you know?
For all the money I'm saving now that I chased them out of town real quick.
Thank God.
Chase the free-loading family out of town real quick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We better have a woman on here.
I'm going to be pissed. W-Q-I-M.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, may I talk to George Cree?
No. W-Q-I-M.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Would you accept ketomoneal and paper moon?
Would we accept that, George?
It's Neeson.
Huh?
I said no.
He said no. No way.
He asked me to be accepted and we said no.
We would not.
Wow.
W-Q-I-M.
Damn it. That was probably a lady too.
Yep.
We know how they are.
If you don't get them right away, they just damn most.
They take that.
If you don't attend to their needs immediately, that's it.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Jim.
Jim?
Yeah.
Jim Mandage?
Jim.
Hello, Jim.
No.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello, George. How are you?
OK.
I'm in a room.
I don't know if you remember me.
I used to hang out at the track with a Mary now and then.
My name is Tom M.
I'm a Marge.
Your name is Y?
How many?
Tom M.
I'm M.
Y.
Never heard of you, Tommy.
Oh, all right.
Let me say it over and over again.
How you doing, George?
OK.
I just see you guys all the time.
I haven't been there.
I have been looking back from New York.
I just asked the elderly, say I never heard of you.
You don't know no, Tommy.
Yeah.
Probably remember me.
Tell them I used to hang around with a big guy named, uh,
Dumb and Dumber.
No, OK.
OK, Tommy.
Get some help.
Woo!
Man, I'll tell you.
All of a sudden, like what?
I tell you, when you release the specter,
it gets really, really good.
W-Q-I-M.
Moral?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Miracle Worker.
Who?
Ben Croft.
Miracle Worker, we got that.
Don't we already have that?
Yeah.
Been there, done that.
Got it.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Um, hi.
I just wanted to speak to you a little, Roger.
That Paul.
Speaking.
Oh, hi.
I just saw a billboard on the Northbound Paul Meadow.
It's been ad, um, about this.
and you were on your show.
It's really cool, man.
I'm really glad I saw it.
Probably the first one I've ever seen.
Really?
Frances McDormand in Fargo is amazing.
You should definitely check it out.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
See you.
See you, here we go.
There's a guy outside of Billboard.
He's real happy with our Billboard.
I can't believe there's still up.
It's already like the end of April.
Man, oh man.
It couldn't have hurt.
Could it, the fact that we had these Billboard right there?
It's about time, Greg.
Better late than ever.
We appreciate it very, very much.
No, no.
I had assumed to get anything up there.
But that's okay.
And a threatened new like, you know, take away
their first boring.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Do you think we're going to get one lady today?
No.
No, I'm amazed.
Now you know, lie 9's not a lady.
It's a chronic WQAM chronic line.
No, no.
Chronic, yes.
Why do you ask?
WQAM, hello.
Chronic line.
Hi.
Can I give Neil an actress?
Sure.
Go ahead.
I've got the cold kidman and the others.
Is that on the list?
No.
The cold kidman, that awful movie with Tom Cruise?
That was no.
No, Nicole Kidman, the scary movie.
Oh, the other.
The others, yes.
The big, the best movie I've seen her in.
OK, thanks.
Are we putting that on there?
Are you just doing?
No, yes, because you don't like the cold kidman.
Put it on there.
I like the cold kidman a lot.
What are you talking about?
You would hate the cold kidman.
Why would you say that?
I hear you like Tom Cruise a lot better.
You like born on the fourth of July, man?
Yeah.
Well, of course, he didn't look too good in that one,
especially after the beginning.
And that wasn't a bad movie, but it
was just it wasn't like a monumental acting job or anything.
OK, so we're not going to put it on there.
I was just wanting to make this guy happy.
Obviously, he was enthusiastic.
He liked the movie and you're like putting him down.
No, Mr. Negativity.
Why are you so negative?
I'm not negative.
Never, never, never negative.
From 52 at 5.60 WQM with Mother's Day just around a corner
a week from Sunday.
It's the perfect time to repay your mom who spent many sleepless nights
waiting for you to get home from those late neck excursions
and screwing around during your younger days.
Dautamae Chris has got the perfect mattress waiting for your mom.
If it's sagging, lumpy or just worn out and the mattress too,
then call our good friends at Dautamae Chris 1-800-Matrus.
That's the number to call.
Dautamae Chris has the complete line of Serta,
Celi, King Corlan, Simmons to choose from.
You sure know mom's sleeping on something
you wouldn't sleep on, right?
No.
Oh, I got some great lines for that.
Although put it off any longer, nothing's
got a bigger impact on the way you feel each
you know we did in a great night's sleep.
So do the same for mom too.
1-800-Matrus.
That's the number to call.
I've done it many times.
It's the piece of cake, easy thing to do.
1-800-MATTRES.
And Dautamae Chris gets more repeatable for all customers
than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers
right.
They'll do the same for you.
And once you buy a mattress and Dautamae Chris,
I'll bet George's life on it.
You'll never go back to a showroom again.
No chance.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress and Dautamae Chris,
they set up the new one and take away the crappy, nasty,
soiled, smelly, scandalous old vetting for free.
That's right, Dautamae Chris sets up your new
and takes away the old vetting for free.
So this mother's day have mommy sleeping
like a baby on her new bed from Dautamae Chris,
gift certificates available in all the nominations too.
So call right now 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MATTRES for Dautamae Chris,
the smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
My, and local, this is 4-Tradio-5-6-D.
You way, and way, yeah.
Where number one, damage!
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to the dumbest people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going,
now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there,
toasting that the right wing is drilling it over
and over and to our hick.
That irract as some weapons of past destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato-Sama, there's no longer mention of.
The name in law is but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word
of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear
through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it
over and over and to our hick.
That irract as some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ashtrop is seen.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hot cars, all are saying.
Flying don't be the cattle don't have any reservation.
Loud and provoked, battle, and world annihilation.
Old machines must fall in hell and virgin and stoke.
With no objection at all.
Them the crap don't have the fault and the right wing is drilling it
over and over and to our parade was dead.
I rack has some weapons of past destruction.
Oh my god.
Only I rack has some weapons of past destruction.
We haven't fought again, man, but we're working frantically,
feverishly, and we're the elected now we'll find something.
Are you think we'll find something?
No.
Jane and for a lot of the ill who didn't call in but at least fact
us, she's a chronic factor.
At least we have a lady, you know, at least participate in some way.
Says you might leave those pictures on your website.
The things that happen to those people aren't just going to go away
and the carnage goes on.
You're right, Jane.
But we're not supposed to think about that.
We're supposed to think about the glorious freedom of flotilla.
Oh, I'm sorry, that was a different time.
Vinny Davis and all about Eve, she says.
Not horrid or whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever.
Maybe change.
You only did that move because they wouldn't give women over 35 a job.
Well, I thought we had all about Eve.
We mentioned it.
We know we got to run here.
We got to run up here.
Yeah, we got an old baggy pair, even though she's been dead a few years.
And if you haven't seen all about Eve, go out and get it now.
It's a movie where she says, hold on to your seat.
It's going to be a bumpy night.
Ruth Gordon was also great and Harold and mod.
Thank you, Jane.
So we got Jane and on here.
We got one lady.
Now, how do we wind up here?
Boy, that hour by hour is pretty shocking.
Okay, we want to thank the audience, our big faithful audience out there.
That big loyal crowd of people who at least have the balls to stand up
behind closed doors and say, to you, L. Bush, myster.
That's right.
Not everybody's go-stepin' along.
In spite of what the polls would have you believe.
In spite of what some people dredgingly would have you believe.
Pralocrap.
Best performance in a movie by an actress all-time.
Tie.
Look at that.
Halle Berry, Monsters Ball 47.
Frances McDormand, Fargo 47.
Kathy Bates 44.
Nip and Tuck, baby.
Nip and Tuck right to the wire.
Maybe a three-horse dead heat is a come-of-the-sretch.
Got the knife down, coming along.
Nice. The Humper from Louisville speaking to that three-dissarphino.
Bye, bye, bye.
You're getting the worst you've shown on Fising.
You're getting QA out of Miami for learning how to do it.
You've got to stick your spruiner at last.
Don't worry. It's not gonna break.
