Take off your checker pants from the writer of Silence of the Lambs and the producers of Snatch
Comes the motion picture that completes the trilogy
Most fear serial killer is loose again. You hear that? I'm coming the one
Is this going to start you back on the case?
You saw goody-goody
Dining on human flesh once he was subtle, but now he's not feeding around the bush
Let's carry universal pictures presents
Hannibal I'm giving very serious thought
Tweeting your wife snatch opening in theaters everywhere
901 at 560 WDQM happy Thursday to avoid the QM family just continues getting more dysfunctional by the minute
If you ask us and we'll tell you the answer is yes, for example, we got oh yeah, she's got us. Yeah, we got that
Although at least Carlos has got a a man tell me it's just a little bit above what the
Clarence is looking for because I asked Clarence this morning. I said well what demographic are you appealing to now? He said yeah, I
What
Demographic would you like to be our median age not just necessarily age but mentality and he said yeah
I
And I think he's got a good head start, but don't get started Neil because that would be really bad
You got a love it think about dollar dance 567 whole 560 baby
Come on South Beach. I know you're down there. Where are you going tonight? Come on, let me see the land
Great
He's tonight for those Latin lovers down here body old forge. Oh, brother. So anyway in case anybody missed the debut of scuff
Or roll on QM last night
We have plenty to say about that. We'll get to it
First of all, can you imagine we got the beast and
Zach at 10 o'clock tonight
Now can you imagine the battle for the food on that show? Are they gonna be in the same studio if they could get the ratings by the pound on that show
Have a 25-year easy
10 to 2 the beast and Zach
Following the big. Oh, you know, I'm beginning to realize we got some holes in the line up here. You know what?
There's some definite holes in the QAM lineup
I love those Latin ladies what I don't like is the cap on this microphone my god. It's from like 1986
Hank was busting awesome whip chunk
Jesus
Howard in the morning with some Kellogg
Yeah
Howard eats that what is that brand that he eats special K this special
Special K for the moment
Anyway, here's the facts to get us started. I do want to mention that Raymond and sales is not only an asshole. He's also a liar
Don't we want to say that beater?
Yeah, yeah, he's a asshole and a liar like most salespeople
Also Bob Eisenberg thanks for the new copy Bob
But you got like this white stripe down the middle of it on your printer and fax machine. It's all screwed up
But you're a hell of a guy Bob kind of like the white stripe. He's got down the middle of that red piece. He wears
Anyway before we get into a Raymond who's a liar in our sales department. Hey, we know you weren't talking about
This the client being on the best behavior. We know you were talking about
Little beater boy bring it beyond your best behavior. I'm bringing in a client
He tries to turn it around like he was telling the client beyond your best behavior and a client was out in the hallway
Looked him in the eye look him right in the eye and said hey beater boy be on your best behavior
I'm bringing a client in here and when I outed him on the area yesterday and of course it's all over the building because they're all glued
They are glued to their videos during these four hours make no mistake about it
And anybody who gets ripped on his show and of course there's a lot of people
Well, they hear about it all day long. They hear it from the crowd
Don't you hate that expression that was a marvoured alportism
He's hearing it from the crowd and then everybody started picking up on it because those sports nerds
Like a bunch of copycats
He is so sick and so
Grotesque he really is grotesque
Scott for real
But he might fit right in on his show since I'm going on vacation starting tomorrow
He might do a great job here on this show during vacation. We'll find out who the audience wants. That's our poll today
We're getting off this movie thing
We've milked the movie thing very very well. Thank you very much
And speaking of milking things the Dracula very oldman phony votes. They didn't escape my very very uh
very uh sharp eye
39 votes at which 30 of them are phony and I'll start pouring in here this morning just to try to piss me off as if I really give a crap
Maybe there are they want to be boyfriends with boy. Yeah, he's guy. Yeah with him. He's got to follow it. Is that it does he? Yeah, yeah, mostly predators
Here's the facts from see he's doing it again
You're doing the making the same sounds that beast was making with the Pharrell last night
I won't do it again and then the mole is right far from Mia for me to ever agree with mole, but he he has got his tongue right on this morning
I have seldom heard anybody suck such hard ass as beast was doing with Pharrell last night just sucking and you know something beast
You're still awful
We go baseball. It's 30. Oh, we go baseball
See, but this is what happened when you put a bunch of children on here and that's QAM generally speaking
They pay a few of us the big bucks and the rest of the people. I can't afford to pay anybody and they so we have a bunch of kids
And then we got George who's kind of in limbo who's neither a kid nor a while you know
Nor a professional broadcast or somewhere luck in between
But he needs the money
When you think that's an apt expression sure he needs the cash right anyway the fashion Todd and Hollywood says watch
Requiem for a dream last not an independent film channel. Thank you
In George for telling me about it only problem is now my arm hurts and the refrigerators attacking me
Oh
Chronic Todd and Hollywood PS go to Requiem for a dream.com for a whole hell of a lot of fun these people are sick and so am I yes you are Todd
Yet a beast had his tongue inserted so deep in Pharrell's ass last night
That it took four paramedics to get it to slide it out of there and about a pound of a Vaseline
Who is your all-time favorite character from the movies we asked yesterday in our final movie pull for a while
Inspector Clousseau 131
James Bond played by Sean Connery 120 you see how important it was that we separated
Wasn't denied that yes you were
Hannibal Lecter had 80
Dirty Harry counta hand 78
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman the drill sergeant in Flemingville jacket 69
Carl Speckler
From Caddy Shack was tied with Michael Collione with 58 you know you asked me an interesting question and the only thing I can think of
Why Michael had more votes than Don Corleone is because Michael was in three of the movies
And Don Corleone he was a croaked in the first one
I mean, that's pretty bad
Exactly Michael had 58 20 Montana 54 Darth Vader 53 Don Corleone only had 44
And to be very honest with you. I don't think there's any comparison do you know
But you know the audience had very oldman's got 39 votes 30 of them phony so stick him way down the bottom of the list of Dracula
Did you did that just to piss me off
Forrest Gump 30 J. J. J. J. J. Wales had 23
Jules Winfield from Pulp Fiction 23 James Bond is played by Roger Moore head only 22 small potatoes
Fletch
21 Dachalade Val Kilmer 19 Dracula Bella Legosi 19 the real Dracula
Winds via mile Chanty Gardner 17 Mr. McMurphy our P. McMurphy from McCuckus nested 17 Howard Beale
Who's the real deal he shouldn't unlock better than that. I voted for me at 17 Mad Max 15 Rocky Balboa had 15
General Patton had 14 Charlie Chan 12 Beetlejuice 12 Carl from Slingblade had 11
Martin Riggs lethal weapon 11 sparky Griswald
Who the hell is that Chevy Chase from the vacation movies
I mean those were funny movies, but that was their favorite character
Sarah Goldfarb and Travis Vickle they all had 10 sparky Sarah and Travis
Frank Boothhead 9 it was George
Popeye Doyle 7 Ratso Rizzo 7
Hank from me myself and Irene had 7 Hank had 7
Baby Jane had 7 Alex DeLarge from from what you call it had 7 clock reward clock or orange I would have got it
You'd have to like see what he's doing. He's doing like the beast
Fat Clemenza had 7 Tarzan Johnny Weissmutter had 7 out there what I'd like to get into is the loincloth
Hunter rest Thompson played by Johnny Depp and if you're a loathing in in Wade lost wages 6
Jack Turin 6
Amen goat
That how you say his name you get
Amen get um and get
What does almond get
6 sunny Krolyon X sunny only Santino only had 5 for crying out loud
Being your blood and brains all over you nice I believe suit
Wicked which from the wish advised had 5 there's ratchet 4 it would had only 4
Lawrence of Arabia 4 dark helmet head 4 per killed per row head 3 red butler 2
Oh, we got look at that we got red butler
I just noticed that did you see that
Maybe they've had red buttons it's supposed to be red butler and we apologize R-H-E-T-T
And it says red butler oh brother we got some
And these poles Stanley Kowalski won and Joe Buck had none out of 1235 votes Joe Buck had the big the big oh
Which is amazing if he acts me
Yeah, see now everybody's got their own jingle the big goes got one
Oh yeah, he's got it. Oh, so you got beena boys got his own thing
Of course the new guy he don't have one yet
Jesus
Oh, I love it
We'll probably get some calls about Scott for all what a fantastic job he did last night
From all those of professional sports lickers the see first of all anybody who would listen to ESPN radio in the first place
Has got to be a sports nerd
Nobody with the maturity of more than a 5-year-old listens to ESPN sports ever
So the fact he used to be on overnight sign ESPN radio and the fact that some of these people maybe from New York
I heard him there those were the people who were calling in
Sucking I mean you talk about the beast sucking ass real hard wow do you hear some of those callers last night?
I'm with the forl you did hear him because you got a spy report. I did what did they put Neil with his breath? Yeah, exactly way up in Toronto
And even from 1200 miles away they can still smell it
Hey, if well, I'm sure you're a nice guy. That's a report we got put on the ear. I wouldn't wish you on Heinrich Kimler or cheap channel
How do you like that?
We're really moving up in the world here's today's poll before we do the break
Who should fill in for Neil this summer?
George
Ricken suds
Linsanules since you mentioned that yesterday that you want your job and you're right
Steve Kane the beast
Or or that me she's got a spinner boy
That's that's the list we got so far don't forget that deadline has come and gone the deadline was 12 minutes ago
For our hot couples contest. I think it's got to be pretty interesting. No, we got about what 1415 the pictures to put on there
Wouldn't that yeah, it's about 18 I think wow
So you have a week now to vote
What time we're gonna have those pictures of give or take any second? They should be up by 10 I would say really
Yeah, so then in the next week up till next Thursday may 22 you'll be able to vote in a couple of the most votes wins pretty good prize
Grand prize is three day two nights day for two with the Royal Oasis resort in casino in the Bahamas with roundfripp
Here on Lake Rier and the runner up gets to never too at the pizza lock and even hang around with Jeff Cohen
He'll tell you about how great it is to take that trip that you missed out on
So that's why we'll be doing that once each month this month and then in June and then Julio
How's Julio doing by the way? Haven't heard from it. Damn it. Good guy Julio. He was too good for QAM
We blew his ass out his big fat ass
Probably because we got fined for over I think we were over to wait limit the QAM
I think
Construction hazard building hazard. Yeah, we're over wait limit 913 at 560 WQM
You know talk is cheap. It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers that sound great
But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get refinanced at 5% 4% how about 2.45% with our friends at financial group?
With interest rates of only 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too
So call financial group now tool free
180940 land that's 180940 le and the interest rates are at all time low
So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing right now
And that's 2.45% financing with financial group
What will 2.45% financing due to your monthly payments? You're probably wondering right now. Here's the answer
If you have a $200,000 loan your payments are only $700,000 to 86 a month if you have a
$100,000 loan your pay only $393 bucks a month
Get yourself 2.45% financing from the good folks at financial group column today. There's no obligation
Ask away 180940 land that's financial group 180940 le and either an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions apply of course and rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR
Jim got my wonderful
WKIA
Oh, what's the problem officer deploy from the vehicle
If you're God driving without a seatbelt you will be removed from your car and shot
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
The new laws in effect now so click it or be shot
Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism
Terrorists act such as mouth noise
Perpping and fighting could be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2
Eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
It's the law
We like saying that the law the law the law the law
It's the law. I think about our being against the law. He's got his own studio over there
That should be against the law putting him on a year, but I'll get into that a little bit
I don't want to be too harsh do I he'll be on for Hank tomorrow by the way for all I case anybody Mr.
My last night is debut he'll be on tomorrow 3 to 7 Hank will be at the Afrik Miss again
Hank will be on today though from the Freakness after the mad dog we got the big at 7
We got the beast and Zack at 10 o'clock tonight
Entertainment by the pound and Joanne Mark overnight. Well, I tell you we got let's get into those summer months
You know when we put anything on a year right? I mean
PR Ralph says you're good close personal friend. He says I watched the movie last night on iFC the drugs
Don't help me remember the name. Requiem for a dream was the name PR Ralph
What an awesome movie but I have one question
How can those guys schlep a TV on the boardwalk and Kone Allen that cheap TV card and it not fall down
They're when you're as white and when you're as wired as they were and you've got the when you're as determined as they are no problem
Never miss the beat
But you are correct. It was an awesome very awesome movie. We'll watch it again Friday at 9 p.m. on the independent film channel
So if anybody didn't see it last night forgot about it or just or whatever
It'll be on again tomorrow night at 9 on independent film channel the iFC
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for eyes on wireless line
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Oh, you haven't died yet too bad. No
That's your buddy. It is two a's in a row right out of the box
Speakers not doing too good of a job on it while being as too busy with the picture talking about how much you enjoyed for all on a radio last night
And he did 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for eyes on wireless line. Here's Miami again. Hello
Miami, Ola
Nobody under a peanut boy. Here's Miami online 7 hello
Hey, okay
Listen a couple things first of all I didn't watch that movie Requiem for a dream. Yeah, didn't get into it
I mean, I really thought it was a very slow starting very ponderous movie, but thank god
Godfather 2 was on at 3 30. Oh, and that helped
Ah
I didn't you didn't get into us. No, it was slow starting
Just I didn't think it made much sense. I had to turn it off and thank god godfather was on
I mean how many times much as I like the godfather how many times can you watch the same thing? Oh, you got lucky and at regute
Regus spaghetti sauce
You got to try new things man. This is godfather 2
Yeah, man. So anyways, I did try to watch it. I took your advice, but I can't say I really fell for it
Um, the second thing is who do you think is gonna get the boot with mr. Ferrell?
they go
Who's getting the boot? Well, it's me taking somebody's place. I mean he's not gonna be part time. Oh, I have no idea who the hell knows
Well, at least you have one more person to put on the QAM school of broadcasting
Yeah, well, I was thinking of a new morning lineup. I was thinking of guilty
Ferrell and
Lenny Martezza be good
Have a great day pali. Yeah, he didn't like the movie. How do you like that? I thought we'd be
I saw for a second or two phones were all that up like a Christmas tree
I thought those were all people who watched the flick last night and wanted to call it and say thank you
It was really sensational or maybe it sucked. I don't know, but this guy couldn't even get into it
I mean, I'm sorry. I don't need to be seen godfather one two or three anytime again soon. Okay. I've seen him all about 500 times each
And my whole concept now and the reason we talked about movies the last couple of witches because I'm being turned out
A whole bunch of great new movies that I never saw before they may not be brand new as far as the theater right now
But wouldn't it last you know a couple of years right?
And they're all great
The game was great
Merican psycho was great
Requiem for a dream out of care. What this guy says. I'll take Requiem for a dream any day of the week over godfather two
Godfather one no godfather one still up there my top five
I and Requiem for dreams my top five
slow starting
I just I don't understand it. I think maybe this guy's had too many bad trips through sunrise lakes
He's just he's got his aversion to people like Sarah and her neighbors. I think maybe that's what the problem is
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Good morning you. Yes, sir. Can you play the for all paper?
Oh
So that's two out of three so far five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Miami. How come all these Miami calls are something really fishy here? Hello
You know, huh? See what I mean. What I tell you
Four out of five ain't bad. Here's Kendall. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hi Neil. How are you great? You guys are the best listen. You got starts only on that pole for the
No
First of all, let me say this to you as much as I like sud suds doesn't do a show
Well that that show with suds and George was pretty good. How about suds and George with the strippers and all that
That was a great show. That's the possibility George and suds. We'll put that on there
Also, I wanted to just take a moment to mention one of my memorable characters
Because I didn't get through yesterday Marifa to me and my cousin Vinnie
Okay, anybody
Is that standout? Didn't see it anybody see it. I saw it. It was all right
My cousin Vinnie is a great movie. Also anything Marissa Tomeda's is really good
Okay, like a untamed heart. Do you ever see that? We'll think your word for it. Thanks. Okay, get out of here
Here's the fact that says when you're gone this summer
I think Joseph Geckierner's hurricane game partner Don Bailey Jr. should fill your time slot
It could just scream and orgasm about football because as you know, that's all this time cares about
They could scream and like orgasm together is what he said
Oh my
If these two are busy mocha just pull them eight hours shift every day
He'd be so exhausted by the time you came back
He'd have to be tired and that would benefit all parties involved get the honey juniors
That's what the fact says. Okay. That's what it says Joe
Should we put Joseph Geckier on there just for last term?
Joe Z get him on there
Okay, list is going like toxic. We can put that new pull up there anytime we want Carlos
So just mention that in case you interact and air see working on the on the hot couples thing and the polls
So I'm typing out the poll and sending it to him so he does have to do that. All right. Don't not don't start getting all defensive on his behalf
Okay, he can handle it. He's a big boy. I mean really big. Are we gonna put Georgian suds on there? Yeah, I just said yes
Okay, just see see how he's see how he wants another
Well then Sam you'll Steve Kane the beast Carlos
Beener boy Georgian suds and Josie is what we got so far and if anybody missed for real
Did you see some of the hose they got on a wall dribbin in there?
I guess he's gonna be spending a lot of time in the control room there and our control room not in my room in there, but in yours
Oh, it wants to see some of the hose dripping on the wall
By the way, that ain't hose dripping. I don't want better. I tell him what it is though those
926 at 560 wqa and got only nose
What's on the wall in that joint? Hey get into the barbecuing season with the perfect grill at the absolute best price
It's guaranteed this week take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January
2004 on approved credit with our friends at barbecues galore barbecues galore carries the largest selection of barbecues
Necessaries you'll find anywhere and even better than that is all of the guarantee lowest prices including liquid propane natural
Gans charcoal smokers until gates applies to barbecues galore has got an exceptional selection of Weber grills waiting for you from the Weber
Smoky Joe charcoal barbecue at only $27.70
To the Weber summit gold D which features six stainless steel burners a double wall stainless steel lid side burner rotisserie and much much more
Barbecues galore carries an exclusive lot of grills would make great more great features at half the price of copper
Copperble grills elsewhere. How do you want to say that?
I'm just trying to look down the astrite down the middle of a copy bob before you buy a new grill
You got to check out barbecue galore's amazing selection with stores and plantation and corals brings to
Let barbecues galore's knowledgeable sales help have you pick out the perfect grill and answer all your barbecuing questions too
Everything you be needing for barbecuing waiting for you with these two great stores. Don't forget plantation and corals springs barbecues galore
Here sports radio 560
Those nil and ore are seek I take their place. Oh, I forget to pay open bit. Today we put them a pole
The pole will be
Your favorite
Operating system. What is your favorite operating system?
Windows 87 Windows 95 Windows 98
200 NTE Windows XP PRO Windows me
Or mat realize
Legotrufon do black way
Oh
So is part of the cure
Yes
We
I hate you
I hate you too. Please do not it
You got me there. I'm 30 at 560. I don't think so here's the facts. This looks like a rich packers writing game
But it obviously is not
Maybe he just has the same printing is everybody else you think because this is our most chronic
Faxor for sure from the plumbing place
It says is that voice for real or are you kidding? He sounds like romey after gargling with glass shards
George had fill in and bring in suds every Friday is what this says. I love that guy for every day
Do you what he just said? I love that guy. There's nothing better than a guy that just
Farts and burps. There you go
We got it like love that guy
Well, we don't I don't know in person. I've never met the guy
But I've said it consistently from before he was on a state. Well, he was on from ESPN
It wasn't really on the station
He just doesn't have a voice radio and it is his pretty much his real voice what being a boy told me yep
You're in there and like bonded with him in between and the thoughts like that
See nobody could fake that because if you try affecting that sound within about 20 seconds your vocal chords will start hurting
And you'll never be able to speak again. You know I'm saying
So that's his voice in fact here's a fact from Anthony by the way Anthony don't tell me how to react to good pull Anthony
Anthony 22 male listeners since May of 1998 excellent. That's our demographic Anthony sent us some naked pictures
Scott for all sounds like he's doing a bad impression of Tom Arnold also you read your pull results wrong
I don't want to instruct you how to do your show then don't Anthony
We should read the winner of the pull last read from the bottom of the top like in Hebrew I guess
Isn't how you do in the Hebrew you read from the bottom of the top or backwards something like that
Well anyway, thanks Anthony. That's for you sweetheart
Okay, we're gonna get that new pull up. I don't want to be pushy, but it seems to me
I could be wrong
But it seems to me that if he puts the new pull up there then he'll get his leisure
He can do the thing with the pictures for our contest. He said the people can start voting on that
You see what I'm saying. Yeah, I'm sure it's what he's doing
Are you
Let me call him make who should fill in for Neil this summer George Rick and suds for all and
just belches and the best thing I told I told this guy
The other day I said literally the favorite thing I hear when that guy does that is back third man
Who should fill in for Neil this summer George Rick and suds for all linse amules Steve Kane the beast
oh
Carlos aka beener boy
Georgian suds or joezy joezy gacking
Geozy gacking sucks okay, okay, that's the choice is so far
And I'm we aren't you bitterly disappointed recommend for dream we had the one one or two faxes two I guess
And we had a one guy more call so far who saw it last night try to watch it and could get into it
It was too slow and you want to watch and godfather to again. I've never met anyone
That wasn't blown away by that movie
I mean, that's one of the okay. I'll say ten. I'll stretch it
It's one of the ten best movies ever made that's not my opinion. That's a fact right
It's a non-debitable. It's like saying today is Thursday where we are right here. It's it's Thursday. Okay
There was it was flawless. There was nothing wrong with it
And as far as it's starting slowly what does that mean it started slowly? It's just it in fact
If it would have started any faster you never would have lived to it right
Because that's the idea the whole movie it starts a little slower than it can like speeds up and it can
Lwamed up and water for the point we like you know like you feel like you just dropped acid
I don't know I'm bitterly disappointed, but not surprised not surprised. That's this crowd
There's the watching caddy check here's homestead hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
Question coming into summer vacation season you used to talk about Amsterdam a lot
You don't seem to really talk about it
Your opinion changed it's just from within there versus going there on the great place to visit
But it's not a place to live. That's the problem
Okay, it's too backward to live there. It's too difficult to do everything. It's tough
Okay, good provocations still there. Oh, sure
Okay, appreciate it in it. You going
I'm going to try to have a great time in. Thanks. I'll see you on the damn rack
I'll see you by the old church
I'll see you on new and dyke
I'll see in on the prison craft
Let's see. I'm warning you if you put Joe Ziggie's sucks on I will vote for the dick and bush
That is that's quite a threat. They're going to vote for a trainee in the awmeister. Yes, what is that thing on
Moe's head and that ghastly picture on qm? It's that dead muskrat
In fact, you know who's really upset with Moe? I know a lot of people are, but you know who's really pissed off with him
Hope I don't know if I should talk about this on here, but I heard rumors that the
Peta people really pissed
That he's walking around with that animal because it appeared to be still moving around a little bit if you if you look at that picture
closely you'll see that every time you click out of it it's in a different position
So the pita people are really pissed off with Moe. It says can you play these super Moe bit? What what is the super Moe bit?
I don't know
Do do do do do
I see that's what they wanted to hear
I see well they know that this is my last day before vacation so they're gonna really be pushy today
They want to get to me just like that thing with a pole Gary Oldman's Dracula, but that's your fake. That's I didn't know even
Beenerboy was under that he knew it. He knew your full of crap
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond there must be somebody out there who watched that on the iFC last night and enjoyed the movie who's armed to tell us that
Huh your Ralph Sellefax this I'm talking about who's willing to verbalize it discuss it. Okay critique say something
Here's dear field hello
Hello, yes sir
Yes
Meal you remember the movie from the mind they all who called you and
start dealing the back and let's try to
The best you over for dinner. What was that name
Trying to have me over for dinner
Yeah, she she started doing the fact and I think the dad and tried and right you for a party and then you cussed around real good
What's in it?
You don't mean Ellie Brecker do you
Yeah, I hear that did you edit on tape a couple years ago. That was so funny
I don't I have no idea what he's talking about she invited me to what to dinner
I don't know do you have any ideas she first of all Ellie Brecker never stabbed me in the back there was Pat Curry
That's a real old bit but Pat Curry never invited me to eat remember Pat Curry. She was the radio
See this is the thing at the local newspapers to show you what experts they got
A Kevin Baxter he was the radio TV guy when he first came to town at the hair when he came in at the bus station
And all of a sudden he's a sports guy Michael Mayo used to be a sports guy at the Harold now
He's a columnist guy like general a crap no more sports
Tom Zika used to be the used to head to cat the dog racing now. He's the radio TV expert. I mean the TV expert you know on a radio
And the same with Pat Curry she was the radio TV writer then she became the religion editor for the Harold
Well, she had religion which give you an idea why she wasn't too fond of me. She was the religion pervert. I expert
Let's see who should fill in for Neil this summer. I just voted on here. Okay. Oh, he did not vote for beena boy
sorry to pray to that
Why why isn't this working?
Is this the pull is not and let me say oh the votes are on her already
Look at that. Rick and suds have four Georgian suds have four. Georgians got two out of the first ten votes
So there you go the pull is up and then a little bit like after ten o'clock will have the pictures up over the hot couples and you can vote on that
And this is a very important one because whoever the winner is gets that nice trip to the Bahamas three days and two nights
And maybe we'll have to take some pictures while they're there
The urge would like to take some pictures, right? Especially if one with couples wins
I think Carbels would like to take some of those pictures too. Here's a deer field. Hello
I'm gonna hear field. Yes, sir. How's going to the uncle Neil great? Hey, did you
Happen to catch in the for all show? Was he saying that man? Did he despise you or was that just a joke?
I didn't hear him say that I thought I just played the cart where he said the the bit where he said he loves me
Oh, okay, I wasn't sure hey, did you what's he the announced? Probably landed rashes?
Yes for one season and they blew his ass out of town
If you heard what he said when they were down nine nothing now he said boy, we're really taking it up the ass tonight
Well, I thought it was kind of funny
Well great addition to the dysfunctional family. Okay, thanks. He thought it was kind of funny. We're taking it up the ass tonight
Yeah, he's he's so raw he makes that he makes everybody else including me look very tame by comparison
Which is kind of interesting clearance because at a time when we're under the
gigantic Palomar microscope
Not just a telescope, but the microscope to see the microbes to make sure that they're all clean and liby white
I mean I did hear the f-word last night, but again, I'm sure must have been dumped because I'm hearing the predile here
Right sure must have been dumped when you think otherwise time jick had a column about that today and he doesn't well. He might
Yeah, he was I did the trashers game for one season and they blew my I somewhere I told you I got that on
On the mini disc in there somewhere believe me. You don't want to find it
I mean who wants to hockey game the little camera. It's just I don't understand it
See it's it's a maybe I'm an old funny dutty
Maybe I'm just out of touch with what's in and what's hip now, but that that sound to me is like you know
It's like the taking a razor not fingernails, but like a razor a straight razor and scraping it on a blackboard
And believe me. I think we're safe
I think the moment I don't have to worry too much about them sticking him inserting him in the morning show
Because I mean, it's enough tolerating your first mole with his arrogant bombastic sound
That's that's a little bit somebody preaching at you when you get up out of bed in the morning
But also guilty with that squeak, you know that little squeak
But combining that with that with that
Boy a little bit a little over the top when you think a little bit. I don't know where that guy came from
940 20 till 10
At 560 wqa I'm speaking of muskrats on ahead
There are some guys who think that the way to cover up their oozing bald spot is with like a dead animal or something
It looks like a dead animal
Bob Eisenberg used to have that he used to have that awful nasty thing
It looked like a twin of the one that mow wears and then we said hey Bob how about going over to Chuck Alphiery
You know a guy like you a big shot like you
Can't afford to be walking around looking like that
And he went over to Chuck Alphiery and we all were amazed and how almost human Bob Eisenberg looked and he'll make you guys
Look even better than Bob because you probably got a better head start
You know what I said a better head start. I got it. That's exactly what I meant
Be sure I mentioned the arranges when you call Chuck Alphiery of gonna extra two or bucks off the already reasonable price of his natural
Hairline system no matter whether you're a billionaire a millionaire or just a schlepper
This is the way you want to go because that no price in the world can you get a better looking head of hair and get rid of that
Vault spot then Charles Alphier is natural hairline system
This is the best latest technology available anywhere in the universe and you've got nothing loose with a
Shiny vault spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee
If you know what the way it looks and feels and smells if the beast don't have his tongue way way inserted in your
Go to the end of the first day Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked so call toll free and get some hair back a great
Look and head of hair one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen. That's a toll free number to call
One eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or you can find out more on their website Charles Alphiery dot com
Ballet what other guy the Republican guy oh
Oh no man. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry today. I want to break which one did you vote for?
I'm not gonna get into it, Ted you'll freak out on me, okay?
Not no way. Yeah
That that hooded freak
Which one be specific?
What's his name, man? I'm not gonna argue
I'm not the guy from CNN
Ted Turner. Yes. Oh man. You voted for you. I voted for Ted Turner dude
What is just send the police right into my pad? I
Give him my phone number and it's red
Ted and let him come over
Man you are let you're gonna elect the thought police
Ted
Ted this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary, okay?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side
What my pal rick voted for a Nazi? I knew this would be
I didn't vote for a Nazi
Okay, what happened to Lorenzo and Pamela
On our on our high couples
He's on the phone so he can't answer
I see because we now see an all fairness we put them on here. There's about 18 of them or 20 whatever it is
Uh, we put the photos on in alphabetical order. So it's not to skew it anyway
But Lorenzo and Pamela the names are there, but there's a big slot. There's a big empty slot
As a matter of fact if you look a few up you'll also see a big slot. I mean
I don't realize we had like a pornographic picture on there
George and Susan
Have you seen that?
Have I seen it?
More than a hundred times? I think we had to cover up parts
Yeah, let's get Lorenzo and Pamela on her we have to have like an even playing field here
Okay, we don't want to have like a
Everybody on her sent one in the beginning
And then like we're discriminating against them. So I guess before you vote we have to get that straight now little technical grids there for Eric
Okay, I don't want to be picking on the political glitch that might be on your side because I'm seeing Lorenzo and Pamela fine
Well, they're not on my side sweetheart
I don't especially see the man that comes back. What try refreshing and see if it comes back. Okay. Here. I'm refreshing. Okay
Oh, is that refreshing or what?
I just popped the certs into my back dome and was real refreshing
I guess that comment about the thrashers are taking it up the ass tonight
That wasn't good enough to keep the furrow on the
Francher games. Okay, I'm refreshing, but it's not doing anything. Okay. It's doing this real slow
You know what I mean like the slow crawl yeah
And it's not refreshing so there's obviously some kind of a glitch
Eric is still resizing the pictures. That's why I haven't put the link up to it
That's just why I wasn't finding it either. Yeah. Oh really
That's just another incident. It's only on my page right well
I better like postpone after a second because I already thought I voted. I don't want to see who I voted for
Although I think you probably go to yeah, I got a clip now. I can't even get to my home pages
He's got the whole thing screwed up. Okay Eric you have a good time up there. Okay. Have a few sandwiches. It'll boost up your
ego
I can't get anything on here now
I wanted to give the results on the fillin in because looked like Rick and suds were like one of the thing and that's not good
Is it? No
Let's see Jim says on the facts here. I think George and Fox News Heather should fillin
Well, George said he'd like to fill her in, but that's about it
I don't think that's gonna happen either now. They're times soon. Oh here comes my home page. Maybe there's the uh
Thing at the top the big oh, but I don't I don't see nothing. Okay. Obviously he's having some difficulties up there
See you put too much pressure on him all on one day, you know
Sorry between the pool and then all these pictures manage it a little bit too much pressure for fat man up there to handle it or land though
You know he's got a lot of important branches to eat up there
And he just can't look at that. I've got all kinds of stuff on here except my home page and except for those damn pictures
I wanted to see
5 6 7 0 5 if we don't get one call from somebody who saw a record we have for a dream last night and liked it
I'm gonna be so it's gonna ruin my whole vacation. Anybody believe it? Oh no, it sounds good though
I might play at what I'm gonna do with just out of protest. I'm gonna play different rel tape
I can't be proud
Yeah over and over again is what I'm gonna do. Just gonna play it all day
Wow, what just to aggregate everybody. Oh, he was getting a few votes in there last time. I was able to
Can you see the pull result?
No, no
No, I try to go back
I try to go back to the secret page where we got you know our backdoor
Yeah, I can't get in it. Can't even get in the back door, huh?
I guess they're gonna Fox News other none of us can get into it. Well, I guess Eric's pissed off now. He's gonna show us
He's gonna show us you start picking on him and since he's got the master control up there in Orlando
He's got us locked out of everything. Okay
I guess we got a little bit too carried away for his lincoln
Here's Naples. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Hey, I think it's no brainer Neil got to have Scott for Elle
If you guys don't put Scott for Elle on you put George. He sounds like a funeral home director
Yeah, I have to switch over to the Tony Bruno show. I see some other words you want to go with a real gravely voice on there
That sounds enough to make you work on nuts
Hey, he's a world-class talent
One of the top stations in the country
I see okay. Thank you very much. He's a world-class talent
You know something that that could be the greatest call we've ever had on this show all years
I've been on the market that could be
That could be the greatest call I've ever had in my life
A world-class talent. That was the greatest endorsement I ever got well
He didn't necessarily say world-class broadcaster. Maybe there's some other talent. He's got the win or oh about yet
I think he was over there on the 441s. Yeah, maybe that's where he was
5 6 7 0 5. Oh look at that. We already got I got my thing back. Thank God
Who should fill in for Neil this summer 92 votes
Rick and suds 34
George and suds 21. Our suds will come in a couple of times right?
All as much as I can though drag his ass in here if you feed him he'll come in right
George by himself 17
Forrell's got eight world-class talent for Wells got eight
Lynn Samuel's three Steve Cain three the beast appear and you know who you know who loaded those two
beast and zack
Is there something going on with those two by the way?
Something going on with the poll apparently it's getting attacked the George haters. I think girl coming out in force
Why is that?
Because Eric says that the CPU uses is going nuts
That somebody's definitely trying to do something to our server
Wouldn't mean they're trying to do something to our server. What does that mean?
Or there's way too many people trying to access apart that they normally don't access all at once
Would you just see the two of you just you you fight about this between yourself
I myself think that we're getting a great response here. Okay. We're gonna find response and whatever it is
We're gonna do what we want anyway. They know that it's it's already a done deal. So what the misses?
No, I meant the glitching that was going on that we could when we couldn't put your bitch in about the glitching okay?
We're gonna stick your ass in the kitchen
With Duff
So he let's drag you up to the guy damn wall and therefore when he gets back
Beater boys got appeared. That's what he's upset about. He's only got two votes
And Josie's got to your time with Joseph Gaki for last and the beast how do you like that? That's the category you're in I got three
You're in dead line. Oh, yeah, he's got no they don't want to hear that crap. You got three not on my thing
You don't have three. Well, let me refresh it and just make sure while you hold it again
Okay, he probably just voted again to get out of the tie with a beast and Joseph Gaki
See now I'm trying to refresh it and I can't do it. I just thought of something what's that?
Carlos does have the technical ability to make this poll already poll do whatever he wants
That's right any result he wants sure
Why do you think why do you think that Dracula that brown stoker's Dracula?
We don't like what was what he was going to do in the morning why he was here late right?
That's why we don't have any bedtime stories up. Oh, we got Carlos doing 600 votes
That's who's doing it by the way Eric Carlos is dickin with it. I'm doomed. He's dickin with our pool
Wait didn't he hear this about just he been through this is so sad
I mean MSNBC why don't they just give it up. Okay, give it up boys give it up. Give it up boys come on give it up
Ventura will ease in the TV host job tonight
Did you read this? I skimmed it. Oh
Ventura's introduction to the MSNBC audience will be low key
I'm tonight's edition of Leicester Holt Live which airs from 8 to 9 p.m
He'll present a five minute segment from save Paul
hahaha
Called hero of the week
Ventura will gradually fill longer segments during that hour in the coming weeks until the network thinks he's ready to take over the entire hour
That's expected to happen during the summer, but sorenson would not speculate on the date
Sorenson being
Whoever does program Eric Sorenson MSNBC president
The plan will also help MSNBC get experience in airing a live show based in the midwest something no cable news network has ever attempted
Can you imagine the technical difficulties of doing that?
So in other words, he's so bad that they're just going to start him off for five minutes and then like maybe six minutes and then maybe a week or two, seven minutes and eventually work him up to three
a minute and an hour and then maybe by the end of the summer he can fill a whole hour up. See the problem with Jesse Ventura, even though we like certain things about him, is the fact that he has a very, very affected, strange way of speaking.
He reminds me of Bob Woodward, you know, from Woodward and Bernstein, okay, that very pedantic slow way to do that.
Yeah, and it's just telling. No, not like you're doing, you're like doing Brian Murray. By the way, how about those mighty ducks?
There's nothing like that. They beat the goddamn vile. Looks like the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup finals. Maybe Tom Jek is onto something, but I sure doubt it.
CBN, he dismantled a team that he brought his brother into coach, which everybody hated him. So don't give me some dance about Brian Murray. We should never let him go. Right. Sure.
Who should fill in for Neil this summer? There's a hundred. Look at this. It's just, it's your right. It's just out of control. 157 votes. Rick and suds 57. George, 33. George and suds 32.
For all 15 15 votes for for all. That's it man. Her story, not history, her story soon to be released. The enigma continues. No exception to this is Michael's latest single of the album screen with a sister Janet.
Amidst the usual chaotic lyrics and thriving beat. Our producers here at Unseld mystery scoured no less than 33. Worse in more than 15 groaning noises.
The millions of fans of Michael Jackson might ask themselves, what does it all mean? Could it be Michael has some sort of medical problem? Perhaps it's an offshoot of Tourette syndrome or just the annoying whalings of a confused and gender questioning man show.
And yet another question does Michael write these distracting hard sounds in everyday life, just one singing. For example, might this happen in a restaurant?
Is it like I have the prime rib? And I think the title with sour cream and for dessert the custard pie?
The real tragedy is that some of his finer songs about helping poor children worldwide are greatly spoiled with those distracting.
Who? Have the children make the world a better place to live?
Who? Teeny? Ah!
Anybody has a clue as to why Michael continues to make these god-of-all noises? Why this man is so annoying? Please call and solve mysteries.
Who? Ah!
I apologize.
He started sounding a little like a feral. You know what? Well, we got some bad news for it. The reason I played that. Robert Stack, one of my very favorite actors,
whose granite-eyed stare and menacing baritones spelled trouble for fictional criminals and TV's, the untouchables and real ones that unsolved mysteries, died at his home he was 84.
And that depressing? That's about to happen.
Stacks wife Rosemary found him slumped over the couple's LA home about 5 p.m. yesterday. The actor underwent radiation treatment per prostate cancer in October with his wife's city died of heart failure.
He was feeling so good, she said today. He had a bout with a tumor but that was gone. It wasn't that it was his heart. He was too weak. He wouldn't have lived through a bypass.
Robert Stack is dead. Oh!
One of the good guys liked him a lot. He was out effing standing. Robert Stack. And so was that show speaking to the untouchables.
Right. And so was unsolved mysteries. That's one of my favorite shows.
Here's the fact that we got a battle going on. It's a hot couples thing.
George and Susan, 61, Aaron and Amy, 60.
And then after that, it's like Lidian and Robert have 10 and it's, you know, right now at the moment. I mean, it is a whole week to go.
But George and Susan and Aaron and Amy are kind of like what's your name? What Jennifer Conley asked to ask.
When you say cheek to cheek. Cheek to cheek. Man, they're doing it.
Bracket. Something like that. It is tight. Here's a fact that says with your logic, Neil, suds, wait a minute before I get to that one.
Oh, this is a great fact from Rich and Miami Springs. Great facts. I had to go to the station last week to get some tickets at when I was amazed at what I saw sitting in the receptionist's seat.
Absolutely correct. I've heard you talk about freaky carlos before, but never in my wildest imagination thought it looked like that.
If Mohawar David had ever needs a new piece, he need not look any further than that scary black Rapunzel looking thing hanging on freaky's chin.
Also, don't forget to find the blurb from Gildi two days ago when he and Mohawar talking about dick stocked in the basketball guy and Gildi said, I like dick a lot.
Yeah. God, I worked. Thank you very much. I like dick a lot is what he said. He says a lot of interesting things. Don't you, Gildi? Up the butt.
We have drop-ins up the butt from Gildi. And then of course we got drop-ins up the butt from I hate New Yorkers for all on the radio.
I mean, he's he has set a new standard for drop-ins, you know. He raised the bar problem without doing anything.
I mean, he didn't even do anything. He shares the facts from Wally and Deerfield. Who's got a chronic? He says I wonder if the hero does analyze the photos in a couple session yet.
They might check out the Robin Tanny photo closely. Rob has a very suspicious wet spot in a strategic location. Very controversially says.
Good point, Wally. We'll have to get right on it. You first. And then this one, see they don't understand it.
And it puts me in a position where I have to like make a little bit of a criticism about our good friend, Sud.
But it is true. It says with your logic, Neil, Suds either with George or Rick is blowing Joe Joe out of the water by 80 plus votes, 280 to 200.
Perhaps you should have just had Suds on the pool. The problem being that Suds doesn't do a show alone.
Well, that makes us feel like duty. Well, don't blame me, but he just whatever it is. He's a great sidekick. He's a funny guy. We love him to pieces.
But he just remember those days when Rick would be sick and he doesn't want to.
But isn't it a little bit strange? Go to hell. No, it is. He just he can't do a show alone. In other words, if Rick was sick,
there would be no Rick in such a show that they'd play a tape or they'd have somebody fill in. Right.
As opposed to when I was out sick around vacation, the bird would do the show. Now you hated it and all of that.
But he did. He was capable to do in the show in his own in his own fashion. Well, I can't help it if you don't like it. Well, that's where it goes.
He doesn't like to drive. He doesn't like to drive. To drive the show to be the hosting. He doesn't like to drive to see no John Levin.
So what's he been doing all these months? He's been off. I got him to squatting. Okay. Well, so anyway, Suds is doing very well.
But like I said, he hasn't do solo. At least shows anyway. God only knows when Pam is at work all day.
What he's doing in that house watching old Beverly Hill believes in months to reruns. What any do it? Probably watching flipper even.
Let's see how we doing on the other pull 577 votes. I thought we'd be up to 600 by now. We're smoking on this pull man.
Heavy duty response. Nobody in that audience believed that I could go from finally getting off that movie thing that we milk for days and days.
I know when we get a phenomenal response like this. You know what? Nobody believed it. They always sell us a little bit short.
Does everybody from Miami is a New Yorker swirled all of you? There you go.
Who should fill in for Neil this summer? Rick and Suds 186 George one 16 George and Suds one 11 to that 227. The beast 38 now that that's bogus. Anybody buying that?
Yeah, he's got his mommy at work. Well, that's what I'm saying. That's called bogus is what that's called. Yeah.
All of a sudden he made this big move. You got about as much chance to be in on this show again. Okay. Beast is you got about way in 125 tomorrow morning.
Soaking wet. The beast in addition to which how we wouldn't be able to get him on the show anyway. Still got his tongue up for all's ass.
Kind of embarrassing for all last night when the ball games started to walk out of their very gingerly with the beast hopping around behind him like a big boofo toad.
Beast 38 for Ralph 36 George doing for Ralph's voice 26.
Vener boy. Oh, you're talking about phony votes. Vener boy is a time with Steve Kane with 20 with Mr. Ego.
Lynn Samuels with 14 and Joseph Gecky finally breaks double digits with 10.
God only knows the sky's the limit for old Joe.
Oh my. Oh my. Since I started talking about his penis face, you know, she's a lot more popular with this crap.
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello.
Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I've been trying for days to get through. I'm sorry to keep going back to this movie thing.
Anything you like, man. But after this and there's a great funniest movie I ever saw from the mid 60s. Robert Downey.
Senior man, a movie called Putney Swope.
Call one. He heard of it. Putney Swope. Yes. PUT. Any why.
Never heard of it. Well, in a nutshell, one black guy works at an advertising agency.
The boss dies and his last dying words. He makes him president. Then there's a complete reversal and the blacks take over.
The right becomes subservient, including the help in the home. It's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
As a matter of fact, talking about one mind is a great line for the film.
There's when my Johnson gets hard. It knows no discrimination.
Putney Swope here. It is. I just found it in my book.
I don't know how you'll ever find it, but it's so rare. But don't miss it.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks. I got it down. You'll love it.
You'll love it. You'll love it. You'll love it.
He says, I love it. The book says, well, he wasn't going to let me read the books. I read him. So I could read it.
A sat here on the American way of life written and directed by Robert Downey.
And misfiring on most cylinders. Uh oh.
The idea is promising enough the token black member of a big business board of directors has elected chairman.
Because everybody votes for him on the assumption nobody else will.
Actors some good lines in the opening scene. However, it all fizzles out in a series of damp squibs aimed at indiscriminately aimed at indiscriminately a capitalism black power TV commercials, etc.
So the people in the book didn't like it. That's all I can tell you.
Nothing is perfect. But I want to watch the Yankee game get done on the beast.
27 after see what I mean. The beast was like he was like his lackey. He was just like his like he was lackey and licky.
Licky, licky.
Didn't say didn't have once tell us that Joseph Jackie had good head on the shoulders.
27 past 11 at 560 WQ. I'll tell you where they got some good head on the shoulders.
Nets are good friends at Halop Pontiac GMC Tom Laman Joe Prado. All of those blamed on it. A great folks.
And they got some special Neil deals rolled off that assembly line. I just don't stop. Neil deal.
Number one waiting for you right now at Halop. Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC and stuff.
By the way, a little known fact that Halop Pontiac was named after the great the trainer at Pompo Park.
Bo Halop, did you know that? No, true story. No.
Neil deal number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac and stock.
Let me see it again because it's sensational. Get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car truck and stock.
And attention on your current and former military personnel. Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halop.
Can't beat that. And as always, Halop's got a gigantic humongous almost never ending selection of dependable pre-owned cars,
truck's SUVs on a lot of amazingly low prices. You don't have to worry about applying for credit at Halop because even if you want new Jeff DeForest,
even if you knew the what's his name for all. They'll still cut to deal somehow at Halop. Don't forget to stop by and why did their test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix as well.
Halop Pontiac GMC and their legendary location were they've been doing deals great for over 35 years,
134.01 South Dixie Highway that's on US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on the Neil deals, it just makes sense to call the Neil Deal hotline sounds good to me at 1.885-344-211.
1.885-344-211, and don't forget all Neil deals into the credit of Provelec,
Deterford details at Halop Pontiac GMC where Tom Lehman always says,
We are professional grade.
My, and local, six is sports radio 560, you weigh QA-M.
You get a lot of baby,
R!
The Neil Rogers on sports hall radio, WQ-A-M.
The Neil Rogers on sports hall radio, WQ-A-M.
Previously on the West Way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, sorry, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we try and just say no, I don't think it's going to work.
Okay, sure.
Is that how to do it?
Oh!
133, test show to Manon Finland who claimed that he got SARS and Toronto,
he don't have SARS in the first place, and the WH yesterday declared the SARS crisis over in Toronto.
It's safe.
Costa is clear,
some are shining, it's a beautiful day about 60ish.
I just mentioned that in passing to make Merl happy and everybody else.
After they screwed this place over something fierce, we've got a real battle going on.
Oh, this guy will be really pleased to know, he says, did anyone but Misi Ron Popeel hitting his new rotisserie with a hammer on his new infomercial?
That's not new, he's been doing that for a long time, right, Bener?
Jesus, years.
Yeah, he's been banging it with a hammer and the rotisserie too.
And it's so fake the way he does it because he picks up the hammer and everybody knows what he's going to do.
And then the, oh, you know, of course that audience, they're all getting paid like about 20 cent or whatever.
They get a free one.
30 cent.
Yeah, they get a free rotisserie, but I do like that infomercial.
And George will be amazed to know that there are, if there's nothing else on,
and I see the Ron Popeel rotisserie infomercial, I'll watch it.
Me too.
See, there you go. It's entertaining.
I mean, it's no pocket fisherman.
No, but anyway, this fax is my vote is for George and Suds.
Rick Rally should say unemployed and off our streets.
That's a good point.
I forgot about that.
Keep them off the streets.
We've got a battle going on, man.
We have got a great battle on the Hot Couples contest.
Aaron and Amy have edged into first place.
Look at how many votes they got.
That says 71 online.
Oh, I haven't refried since 69 online.
Well, I better refresh it, huh?
Before I start reading the thing, well, by the time you do, George and Suds might have 69.
Oh, do they?
Well, you know, something now that I'm refreshed, maybe they both got more than that.
How do you like that, Mr. Hot Shot?
Could they?
They're not though.
Aaron and Amy 71.
Naked George.
I mean, George and Suds and 66 online might have.
Oh.
And then after that, it's like downhill.
Lidie and Robert have 12.
The good news is everybody's got at least one.
Oh, of course a lot of them.
The ones that have just one.
We can only imagine who cast a vote, you know.
But everybody's got at least one.
And it's only the first day.
You got a whole week to last Thursday.
But this, and I think there's some people on here.
I don't want to like show any favoritism because that would be bad.
But I think Mel and Billy should have more than 11, don't you?
Absolutely.
And then there's some that I think ought to have fewer.
But maybe they got a lot of friends.
I think Mr. and Mrs. Anita, they're a really good looking couple.
They only got six.
You see them?
Mm-hmm.
Don't you think they should have more than six?
Absolutely.
And there was another couple on here.
Yeah.
Chris and Odie have only a pair.
That's bad.
I think you see, I think that before you just start voting because you see a nipple or a breast or a ass or, you know, a.
The penis, the penis one's Joseph Gack.
He's picture by the way on our staff.
Forget about that.
He's a can.
He's not eligible.
But before you see like a body part, scroll the whole list up and down.
Look back and forth and up and down and, you know, check who's being audited.
And then cast your vote.
This is something very serious.
There's a good prize waiting for the winning couple three days in two nights.
Stay at the Royal Oasis resort in Cassino and Bahamas and round trip airfare on Lake Error.
Runner up gets dinner for two with the world famous pizza lot.
And even though there might not be quite as sexy as going to the Bahamas, you'll hear a lot of great sex stories from Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot.
But he won't or not.
Church fires minister.
But there's a lot of these priest things back in the news again.
Ministers and priest and stuff.
I guess now that we're not invading any new country today.
There's time for some of these stories to sneak in on the wires.
Con over where?
Oh, a North Carolina.
This must be because it's from the Charlotte observer.
Mm hmm.
A church in Christian school is dismissed.
It's dismissed.
It's the youth director who was charged Tuesday with a felony sexual offense with a student.
Cliff Ryan Stokes.
Is he kind of brown stoker?
28 of Con over was arrested to do and it turned himself into police after returning from Alabama.
Con over.
Oh, brother.
I wonder if he had a banjo on his knee.
Stokes released Wednesday on $10,000 unsecured bond.
Police chief Gary LaFone said he especially is department to complete his investigation by next week and turned info over to the DA's office for a grand jury review.
Stokes was athletic director, girls volleyball coach and youth pastor for six years at Tabernacle Baptist Church and Christian schools.
He said he's married with two children's.
Church official said a 17 year old female student at the school was involved in that so-told school officials about the incident made the tooth.
He did not return phone calls and we can't imagine why.
Wow, there you go.
Our church and school ministries are grieved and continue to be in prayer for God's grace and wisdom as we try to minister the families of young people.
Effected by this terrible sin so the associate administrator of the school Gordon Finneason or whatever the hell his name is.
Another one.
Robert Chofel, the jovial former priest everybody called father Bob.
Robert Chofel.
Robert Chofel.
Robert Chofel.
Yeah, who's that?
We have his salesman from power 96 of that name.
We do.
We do.
Anyway, the joke probably not to sin guy or it could be.
You never know.
We got a lot of proverts in that crowd.
The jovial former priest.
This is in Largo so it's not that far away.
This is from the same P 10s.
Sat Kama is the 20 year old man testified.
The man said the priest sexually abused and nearly 20 years ago doing things unbefitting a man of God.
Robert Chofel appeared to shake his head slightly at the worst of the allegations.
His priests collar and robe long since taken from him latest to before a jury in sneakers and an oversized blue suit and sword of God to tell the truth.
He spoke words he hasn't said publicly in a year.
It didn't happen.
I don't even remember him much less doing anything like that.
It didn't happen.
He said and the jury will decide.
The man who's not being identified because of the nature of the allegations said he kept the sexual abuse to himself partly out of embarrassment and fear he'd get into trouble.
He wasn't a Catholic.
He lived in Braydenton, visited the church with a friend.
I thought I had done something wrong a man said.
How do you like that?
Always reverse it.
You know, maybe guilt should follow.
Well, they tempted him.
But the Yankees and this dumb bag is a red socks fan.
See, he's not getting in and even the diabetes is licking and licking all over.
He's not fooled.
He's been around the block too many times.
He gets fooled by a little lackey, a little lackey like the beast with his red socks cap on.
198 votes for Rick and Suds.
That's kind of embarrassing.
You know what?
The Georgia's got 127.
Georgia and Suds.
19.
So that's 246.
Yeah, you're leaving Rick into the, you know, the beast 48.
How many of those do you think are phony?
About 30, man.
At least.
Pharrell's got 40.
George's doing Pharrell's voice.
27.
Little Beena Boy has got 22.
And he only voted 10 times.
Mr. Ego, Steve Cain, 21, Lynn Samuels, 14, and Josie out of 626 votes is still stuck there with 10.
Only 10 votes for old penis face.
I guess the thrill is worn on.
Oh, my, oh, my.
What an embarrassing job he did on those UM football games.
Him and my girlfriend Don Bailey Jr., you know what?
Embarrassing.
The understatement.
See, this is what happens when Dave Lamont helped him put Sonny Hersh in an early grave.
We never forgive you Dave, okay?
You're not a bad guy.
All you're farted.
Don't be real bad during those UM baseball games.
Real, real bad.
But we'll never forget the fact that you put Sonny in an early grave.
Don't you think?
Oh, no question.
Hey, let me tell you what I think and that his brandy shoes is like a miracle in town.
Over 25 years they've been putting great shoes on people's feet and they're still going stronger than ever.
Any independent family shoe store that lasts that long, especially in a picky town like South Florida,
has got to be doing many, many things right.
For example, like offering you an unbeatable slice of men's and women's famous brand shoes like Rock Ports,
Ecos, Mephisto, Timberland, Tarts, S.A.S. Floreshime, and lots more.
They have a humongous range of sizes, men's 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12,
and wits from the very little teeny tiny narrow to the big, big fat and wide ones.
And don't forget their professional sales staff make sure you get a perfect fit every time to give you the best service going.
And with over 40,000 pairs in stock and their 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can bet Georgia's life and even Carlos too that they got exactly what you're looking for in stock.
Brandy shoes as always you'll find them at 1290, North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach,
they're open daily, 9 to 9, Sundays 10 to 5.
Let's see our little paws there so you can put on the right tag next week.
Thanks.
It's a great time right now though to buy sabatos at Brandy's,
all men's and women's styles 20% off, come and visit him or check him out on the web if you'd like it.
Brandy's shoes that's what like two S's in there in the middle, Brandy's shoes.com.
I got the local C650's, the radio's all yours now.
You win!
Meal, yeah!
I'm sorry, man.
You've got a freeze to what the hell's this all about?
All of a sudden the Iraqis want a thought.
It's like they've got not dead names on their brains.
What the hell ain't feeling we were to bring back to Don Houthay?
Why not just say thanks to the bridge and the yanks?
Why not just say thanks?
And stop robbing your own banks?
Why not just say thanks?
No.
Oh, reload our tanks.
He's been a lot of money, why are they so mad?
Telling a month they'll have a Starbucks in back then.
We'll give them Xbox games and can't see.
Bleh!
You could be wearing GameCog, old pants and watching Direct TV.
Why not just say thanks to the bridge and the yanks?
Why not just say thanks?
And stop robbing your own banks?
Why not just say thanks?
No, reload our tanks.
First guy I need when I walk into this place, this is the ad dude on the red section.
I go, Fenway's for Pussies.
Love him 46, 14 till noon at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M.
Speaking of whatever he just said, take a look at that poll.
Aaron and Amy 81.
Georgians Susan 74.
And after that it's like, you know, I mean, I don't want to dismiss the other people.
Mr and Mrs. Mark T. I've got 15.
Everybody's got at least one.
Some people I think probably should do a little bit better.
But there's Aaron and Amy in first place and Georgians Susan are right underneath them.
Or they like it.
81 to 74.
I wonder if Aaron would let me flex his muscle.
Anyway, see I don't want to get too much into it because then, you know, we'll start.
They'll accuse us of favoritism and you'll start saying one thing and I'll start saying another.
And then Beenerborg will throw in his two cents.
Bola.
Yeah, if I read that message again from the other day, I don't know if you would be in hot water, man, but probably deported.
Here's a fact that says, I already heard about Robert Stackey who's one of the great ones.
And Republican who was friends in college roommates with JFK and not a typical sour bitter GOP crow like so many other conservatives celebrities.
Like Chuck Chakhton, for example, because Robert Stackey died.
I know you're off the movie stuff for a little while, but I just saw written on the wind on DVD with Robert Stackey, Lauren McCall, Ra Kutsen and Dorothy Malone.
It's a great flick and Stackey is excellent.
And Dorothy Malone, it's great. He was always in everything.
He's from serious drama to comedy. That's right. Airplane. How can we forget? He was so phenomenal in airplane.
It was great.
Well, the original to be or not to be with Jack Benny, our IP Robert Stackey.
Thank you. Somebody acknowledges a famous person that we liked a lot actually dying, which really happens.
Rarely, rarely happens. Like when a local radio person, a like Jerry Williams dies.
Does Tom Zicker write about it? Does he even know who Jerry Williams was? No.
In the old bit in the newspaper and the local paper, do they put that he worked at WNWS for a whole year in 1980? Was program director? No.
See, Tom, you can make all the shots you want about Brian Murray and the mighty duck Shanishan at nil.
But the fact of the matter is when it comes to covering the local scene, you're pathetic, man. You're a tragic.
You could make an encyclopedia out of the important stuff that you missed just in six months in South Florida.
And I'm not just talking about me or this station. I'm talking about all of these things.
But don't confuse little Tommy with the fact that, you know, that sounds too much like work.
I happen to do a little bit of research about people and things that happened before. He's ass-landed in the town from New York.
You know what I mean? What do you mean? Screw him. That's what I mean.
Dear Neil, my vote is for anyone other than George. If I had to listen him during the summer, I'd rather not wait a minute.
Maybe ABK whoever this is didn't hear you doing the for all voice.
I'll go tomorrow. I'll be fine.
Says, if I have to listen him during the summer, I'll stab myself repeatedly with a rusty steak knife.
I'll get him the knife. George might be good behind the glass, but as a host, he said,
well, who's the house that he was good behind the glass? Cutless.
What was that?
But as a host, he sucks ass. How about the crow? And you know what they say rhymes with the crow?
No. Yeah, that's a rhymes of no chance.
There'd be a cold day in hell before the crow gets on issue. I'll go and damn tea at that.
I got your crow bodice right here, homeboy.
Good. Keep it.
Just just the aroma alone from that cashmere bouquet that he takes a shower and everything.
Seriously, whoever met a guy that takes a bath and a tub of cashmere bouquet.
Man.
This poll is just, and this is only the first day.
Do you have any idea how intense this is going to be? Oh, yeah.
Wow. It is amazing.
And keep in mind that we can't put the modeling pictures on here from certain people, which would have probably,
let's see, 83 to 81.
George and Susan 81, Aaron and Amy 83.
It is a battle runs mech and neck nose to hold a to nose.
Right? Oh, yeah.
I would be surprised if it goes all the way to the next Thursday night AM.
I might have to like call in from out of town long distance just to get the blow down how things are going.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I don't know what the topic is. Maybe it's just all over the place.
But I like to get your take on the Cubans in the water and how much.
They're the Cubans in the water? Yeah, and how much time?
Well, it depends on what they look like. I like some of the Cubans in the water.
Sometimes a drive back into bed either.
A bear back, drive back. What does that mean?
Well, it's been a money again on these people circling around them so they don't touch the people you're in.
Right? And I'm thinking why are we wasting the time and money to do that when we're in the water?
Because of Ilyana Rosanna, Rosanna Dan, that's why.
But we're just going to pick them up and let them stay anyway.
So why don't we just let them get on the boat and come on in?
Well, because we got some people like you there,
they're fivously trying to keep them off shore.
So I don't mind when we're together.
I just think it's kind of ridiculous for us to waste the time and the money to go through it.
I got a great idea. Let's let Ilyana swim out there and rescue him. What do you think of that?
That's pretty bad, but you know, I think it's pretty good.
Yeah, well, I mean, I'm just saying we don't want to give her a handicap,
but like I let weight on each foot would be a good start.
That's 20,000.
Have a great day, Pali.
Sorry, man. See you.
See you, Pali.
That's what we're going to be doing to push up the station a little bit.
We've got too many limperasted characters around the station including me.
So this summer what we're going to do is have Jasmine Kay and Ferrell on together.
Got bubblegum stick on my shoe.
Yeah. See that's what they like. They can relate to that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60.
See, I mean, this is it's just all accidental.
You just you just run the cassette and everything is is a line.
I knew that there was some tremendous talent in their summer when a guy said this is a world class talent.
You can't just get it from listening right on through.
But if you just listen in little little snippets, you know what I mean?
Like snippet. It's like whiskey. You got to sip it.
And then you snip it.
Which is what you should have done.
Don't cut!
668 votes on a other pool.
But we got votes up the ass today, you know what?
Rick and Suds who should fill in for Neil this summer. Rick and Suds 2-11.
George 132. George and Suds 129. That's 261 put together.
The beast 54.
Oh my god.
The beast is 54 votes.
Forl 41. George is doing Forl's voice 29.
See, they like that. They are obsessed with that.
I'm going to practice it on.
How much even people that hit you like poison or nearly, they like it.
Because it makes them subliminally. I forget that it's you.
I'm going to pretend it's not me.
Okay.
I'm going to talk to sports.
You know something that's a good idea for people who weren't listening to this since I'm leaving after the show today.
And you'll be on tomorrow for six shows by the way.
I'll be back a week from Monday.
No, I'll be back a week from Tuesday.
Week from Monday is Memorial Day.
It's an active vacation day.
Oh, look great at scheduling these.
Oh!
Look great planning.
We're going to run for L tapes on that day.
Beener Boy 23.
Steve Cain 23.
Lynn Sammills 14.
And Josie is moving on Lynn's ass 12.
Old penis post is moving in on Lynn's behind 14 to 12 out of 668 votes.
See, I don't have time to do the show because I'm obsessed with no, no, seriously, I'm obsessed with going back and looking at the hot couples contest because it's so damn.
Oh, look at that.
It is so tight.
George and Susan are better.
No, it's a tie.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
So what you got on yours?
Oh, my God.
We just got a call from Amy.
Yeah.
She wanted to know if she can send another risk a picture and we could change it.
I'm like, no, no, no, no, no.
Well, she can say that.
I will say.
Yeah.
I saw it.
You can say that.
That doesn't mean it will be on a website, but you can say that in George and Carlos would be like, ooh, and all over it.
All the problems.
Bring it.
Bring it.
Bring it on, honey.
No, but taking the end of it again, we never like had a limitation on how many times you could enter.
See, if you said that they could have, they would have what?
And then we wouldn't put it on, but we would have had it.
See, you see how he is?
That's what I just got through.
If you were, if you would have been so busy looking at your chops, you would have heard what I just said.
Anyway, it's a dead even tie 84.
Now, I will say this because as you can't enter, you were doing this for three months, they could enter again.
And if they would be creative enough, Amy and Erin, to be like, stark naked, like George and Susan are, and that picture out of their tied with, I think would be like a runaway.
Of course, we don't really know what George looks like.
Or Susan.
We know what Susan looks like from the chin down because she's got the thing across the eye, the blackout on the eyes.
Why did they do that?
Why is there a blackout?
This is the sky's their identity, her identity.
That disguised her identity?
But you remember all those magazines you're old enough?
Yeah, but I mean, why was she want to do that?
I guess, maybe this was someplace else.
Maybe this was like in TV Guide. Maybe her daddy's a listener.
George and Susan 84 and Erin and Amy 84.
I don't want to like shortchange the other people because they, Mr. and Mrs. Mark T have 16.
Mr. and Mrs. Juan have 13.
John and Rebar are those queens.
I mean, those guys have 13.
Lydia and Robert 12, the dirty dozen, Diane and Nancy.
A dayna, whatever the name is, dayna Nancy of 12.
Brad and Paul have a dozen, which is shocking.
Mel and Billy have 11.
Mark and Marcy have 10.
Mr. and Mrs. Anita have 9.
They should be doing better.
Now that's John and Susie 8.
Mr. and Mrs. have 6.
Is that how you say it?
Adam and Monica 4, Robin Tammy 4, Lorenzo and Pamela 3.
Chris and Odie still have only 3?
That's scandalous.
Mr. and Mrs. Jeff have 2.
Lisa and David have 1.
Joe and Jay have 1.
And Cynthia Dan have got 1 of 109 votes.
I never, in my wildest dreams, I never read the wildest, realize it would be this tight, did you?
No.
And the Paul either.
I am Frou, Eli and I'm Ros Latenen.
And I like running my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
I'm listening to the near roe cake, I'm gonna eat the hour.
Take care, pooh!
I think this song was just well.
When Cheryl backed me up but now what the hell?
My agent left me to record the rest with 3 little guys.
Boys.
B Both men andxi Crrons who have fourl on her self,
O Elle and Bob Clive
Gumboo worms who welcome the twol YesorumThen
state control experience
on the Georgian Susan picture it's not just her eyes that are blacked up but there's also
another that's shaded out there a little gray the original picture we got was not but for because
it's a family show and a family website we did that yeah I learned the show area well that's
probably a pretty good idea yeah because we already got one farm animal on the website you know
the one that's on Moe's head I mean muskrats beavers we don't want to have those all over the place
oh no seriously no because then we'll start getting complaints from right
yeah from those animal people anyway uh it's tight Georgian Susan 91 Aaron and Amy 89 it's so
damn tight I don't even dare look anymore I can't handle it you know the pressure is building
to a fever pitch 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only AT&T and Verizon wireless line
is it called from Kendall hello yes sir the poll is it a legitimate poll or just a straw poll
see just a player of people's emotions what do you mean by that yeah not the uh the one with
Rick and Sud in other words is it a possibility that we actually occur the Rick and Suds would do
the show yeah sure it's possible because it's still two months away okay all right okay I already
want one and a half okay I guess Suds is actually revolving factor with or without Rick so but yeah
it's really without Rick and we would live in the show if he was with uh George there a bit so
right but uh okay good I voted on I'm happy then what do you vote I'm sorry I did vote for Rick and
Suds only for a change but if it was Rick and Suds and George I would have no problem with that I okay I could go with that either way
uh you uh need to have thrilled to uh remake of the gaki thing oh my oh my okay all right man you got it
thanks that's a good idea you know what I got everybody's wicked hard all those guys in the S&S with
their fancy hey it's no my gossip time Kevin Miller 7105 votes who should have been feeling for
this summer starting the 4th of july Rick and Suds 221 George alone 141 George and suds 134 that's
275 combined the beast 55 we don't believe it for all 45 George doing for all's voice 34
being her boy little Carlos 24 Steve came 23 Lynn Samuel 15 and Joseph Gaki very surreptitiously
is moving up from behind with 13 and with somebody with a face like that starts moving up from
behind like that I'd step on it you know what I mean step on a gas put the pedal to the metal get
with it shut up okay 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T see they probably think that this is like pre-planned
or like I got these droppings it it's just a continuous cassette tape that I just ran you know
a freaking nut oh my god yeah but you see now you're you're like I don't know your credibility really
took a serious puncture wound this morning and that's because that's because you came in your last
night to suck up to this guy the whatever area's the beast didn't do lucky around you you finished
off the rest and just sucked out heavy duty maybe you want to produce this guy shows that with the
deal is there was nothing left after the beast was looking around I'm sure that the room where I'm
here and is he's going to be moving to that morning slot real soon hey moe it's been nice no
yes sweetheart but you know get the other get that extra piece out of the cleaners and have a great
life 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a key lago hello
Neil yes sir hey first I want to vote for George and such okay secondly I want to definitely
second you're a thing about having he and he on a scum out and rescue all these people
uh this guy's got through now sounds like a Bob Goldberg want to be with that voice yeah doesn't he
no no actually I want to ask you when you guys cut spots for somebody right yeah I assume they get
paid for it right no I don't I don't cut spots well I mean like go he does he's here more
good right smile and all this sure okay why would any advertiser want to have him do it spot as soon
as I hear his voice I have to switch the station I don't even listen to the spot you know that's
an excellent poem I first came to QA and the very first day that I was on the year and he had a spot
what was that restaurant George it's out of business now that's fake house London royal or something
no no began with a P there was a cigar joint and a stake house but Drenos no now that might have been it
so that's like nails on a blackboard yeah and Gellie was doing the recorded spot and I sat there and I
said to George off the ear I said how can people be paying for this voice to be doing her commercial
and I still don't understand it yeah I mean I don't either I mean one state you know I just
say once his voice comes on I'm out of here okay palying well I'll see you all right bye bye I don't get
it it's not a shot of Kelly's got a high squeaky voice he can't help it you know but I don't
I that wasn't the name of the place what was it not a squally is not the I don't know what was it see
this is and this is my theory like with Neil Rogers also it's the kind of thing like if you throw a
ball at him he runs the other way if you shot a hockey puck in Neil Rogers he'd be running now
441 the other way now you've got a tools of ignorance and he was a catcher in minor league baseball
and he could have gone pro he decided he was the radio actually it's probably been more profitable
yeah has been Gellie who should fill in pernealous summer Rick and suds 228 George 145 George
and suds 141 the B56 of which about a whole bunch of phony for L 45 I just got to read this
we'll see I'm afraid to go back to the other one yellow no I'm afraid because I don't I want to see
it like a real contest they're all week long I want to see it really tight oh look at that
Aaron and Amy are back on top oh 104 and now how's that possible George and suds and
have 92 they just opened up a big lead there is that amazing no you got a big flurry and it's not
even furry Aaron and Amy 104 George and suds and 92 mr and mr. mark t 20 that's so in other
words that would just be wasted my time reading the other ones I mean the other contestants
signal go on there for their own like ego purposes and take a look but obviously the winner is
highly unlikely I wonder you never know there's a whole week to go right right still a long way
to go we don't want to declare any winner on the first day of a seven day contest that would be
really bad although here's a call from West Palm Beach hello hey I was young yes sir
we're about to jaguar nobody's calling in about the duck about the ducks in her four-nuffin
winning John Sebastian Jiguerre another shutout last night who was allowed what about two goals
in seven years now yeah I think a while they're helping a little bit but still far before
you're right I agree with you well you see no they have no hockey fans in suffer they wouldn't
know John Sebastian Jiguerre from my John Paul Jones yeah my kids are just now getting in the hockey
and that's because they will remember this for a long time it's a phenomenal thing the only problem
being of course that around a country other than the the Disney connection other than that nobody
cares about the ducks yeah once once the wings and the stars all I think a lot of people dropped out
but I'm I'm still good there I don't know what they'll think well I sure hope auto beats Jersey
because if jerseys in a final man you probably have to take you guys take note the notos to watch
that I did I despised the way they play I can't stand a whole ambiance of that team it's a
phony franchise nobody goes to the devil's games they're out there in the middle of Jersey nobody
cares about them and please go out of the way you know can you imagine what the score is going to be
with jiggy playing in the modern or there's going to be zero zero games you know triple overtime zero
for 14 over times you're right they'll have to have oxygen hey Neil call you back thanks bye he's
going to call me back and a hind there only one going away from the stand to cup finals and like
Tom jikka says you chased by a mario de ta you should you should let them hear he's the best
did you know that Thomas is such a big hockey fan nope I don't think he is he's just desperately
flailing around for some way to try to respond to the fact that I've outed him for like being a
boza when it comes to the coverage of the local market and then even here I am 1200 miles away
and still have my thumb on exactly the pulse or what's going on there which isn't too much
in fact every time I click back over to the hot couples pictures I have my thumb on the pulse
for on something and of course like I said now this this uh George and Susan we don't really
know what George looks like you follow apparently it ain't hurting him well most of our people don't
give a crap about what George looks like right including you and in your case that's lucky
Aaron named me 106 and George and Susan 96 I think it's going to swing back and forth all week you
know what I mean I think George and Susan are going to swing I think it's going to swing back
and forth and up and down and sideways and in and out and all over the goddamn place that's just
which is good that's great and then you never know maybe somebody else will come racing up from
behind that hop right under the fray 10 minutes passed known at 560 WQA and hey I'll think about
a great place to pick out this weekend or anytime the number one Asian buffet restaurant in South
Florida absolutely is the ammo coast Chinese buffet three locations for you they're in sunrise
they were north by me beach and their newest location is in prestigious Pembroke Pines they've got six
different kinds of soups can you imagine that in fact if you're really a soup lover which I am
you probably want to try a whole bunch maybe all six what's not to like and then they've got dozens
and dozens of succulent entrees including New York strip made to order the way you like it
and the gourmet center their sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp scampi saw a style jumbo scallops
wrapped in bacon dungeon this crab and ginger and scallions and hand carb primer look for the
new Oriental chicken salad they're most cost to and don't forget you'll never walk out of this
joint with the headache because they don't use any MSG no cornstarch no crap they cook all their
fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils too they'll faith features a full salad bar sushi bar
fresh shrimp cocktail and what a dessert bar always be sure and leave some room to take a shoe
owner or a crowbar and mix them room for dessert just stick it in your pants either the crowbar
the shoe owner the dessert because they got pies and cakes pastries ice gimmelog your favorite
toppings and fresh fruit the perfect way to end a real feast at the Emerald Coast the original
soft local occasion is in sunrise pine island of 44th Street they're on callus avid who just
north of 163rd and north Miami Beach at the intersection of flamingo and pepper crotes in
pember pines so take your family or book your next business lunch and now all size parties welcome
and let them do the cooking for you and a real pay don't forget everything is fresh and crunchy too
take out and literally always available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 feast out at the Emerald Coast
Chinese buffet
a
pretty ends done as dirt
hey kids looking to improve your game what help in taking it to the hole and scoring
then you need to register now for the Larry you station summer slam cam
the Larry you station summer slam cam will teach you all the fundamentals you need to become
the best player on your blind learn all about Larry you station's full on full contact full court
press the are you station summer slam camp will help you improve your hand i coordination and take
part in the nightly free throws for free beer contest hello this is coach Larry station come to my
summer cam it's gonna take all you you what i'll show you fun bye butch for way gone my jingere
sign up now before it's too late the Larry you station summer slam cam first
if you register in the two for one drink compounds and participating tg i Fridays with all your
jokes everybody's wicked hot 12 16 and 5 60 to come at your qm he wasn't off mic there was he by
and chance oh i don't know because bier says he spins around like a dreidel and he during the show
stands up starts the one always crazy and most i like that awful movie talk radio with Eric
Pagotian you know that really bad movie you know the moment we up producer was like playing
whatever the whole was playing with the cards yeah firm was cover for cia this of all our bed
times through yesterday this one is the most uh unnerving as the fits a comedy that's been accused
of being a cia front of recruiting executive mercenaries and attempting to overthrow prime minister
of a commonwealth state the vinelle corporation kept to a low profile and re-ad in it's the
street security fooled nobody however the bomb attack was the second it suffered in eight years
this is the bomb attack we got the other day in 1995 seven people were killed the shadowy
corporation has said it would have been founded during the depression dan biode author of the iron
triangle a study of one of panelis one-time owners the carlile group serialized last week in the
time said that there's no publicity no press releases no news clippings he adds no one knows who
the original owners were funnels work in saudi rabie dates back almost 30 years when i want to
contract the train soudi troops to guard oil fields a congressional inquiry found that agreed
to a no jews clause in the nineteen and no jews clause in 1991 and the guelphore finale
employees were seen fighting alongside saudi troops the company itself the saudi's builder
national guard from 26,000 troops to around 70,000 in the early eighties time magazine reported
that two employees were embroiled in a failed attempt to overthrow marise bishops the left wing
prime minister of granada and soon after that the former employee was implicated in the iran
com for scandal huh how do you like that something fishy about the banel corporation and all seven
americans are ten or whatever the number was who died in that bombing the day the all were
employees of the banel corporation no one examine that our website today one of our classic
bit time stories i just mentioned it in passing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen t line here's a call from the redlands hello anil yes sir how you doing great
uh... you just regarding what you were just talking about with the no jews clause think yeah uh back in
oh good god i must have been the uh late 70 mid to late 70s we had this multi-million dollar
offered of a contract with saudi to uh provide electrical pro uh... stuff for him and we had to
in order to get the contract we had to prove that there was no jews involved in the manufacturing
process of the product and we just told you go pound salt because i mean the the electrical
industry was run you know mainly by jews yeah i understand the only the only items that they led
into saudi arabia that the jews can touch our lampshades you know god i have to step
i'm sick um i'm looking at your website and uh one thing that just one thing it turns me off on a
one is fake boobs yeah and you're two your two leaders right now are obviously in hand
well i mean let me take a look now okay okay let me take a peek
uh it's obvious that's Susan air in an amy i don't i don't i don't know i don't trust me uh trust me
those are those are helped out how do you know that i i can tell have you have you felt of them
uh no i'm trying to yeah but you would want to cooperate air in an amy 128 and george and
seussen with 105 and uh and i don't know i don't know i don't think that it's uh beyond a shadow
without i think there's some room for argument there okay well you're the boss well let us know
away from the other i tried so hard to call you the other day about the movie line yeah you guys
left one off and i know george had a fit with this one the way i think it was uh movie deep what
deep road wasn't when she says do you modify smoke while you eat that that was good that's a great
line okay pal thanks yeah so what do you think you think those are fake or for real amy's no errands
just a joke it's just a joke here and don't go get inside hot a connoisse now okay you can flex
your muscle in my push anytime you want i don't want to say anything that's going to dissuade amy
from sending us more pictures oh well we don't really know this is the only guesswork in addition
we didn't put people on there like uh you know question the reality of their body parts are they real
are they mammaracks are they memories uh you know i mean we've got some people on here that if we
want to do we could have some a good fun at their expense i don't know what's wrong with mr
missus and eat it they only got 10 votes no i don't get it and chris and ody have only three i find
something strange about that don't you yeah i found something odious about the fact that they
only got three but listen if that's the reason we put them on there for the audience to cast their
vote not for me to sit here and try to like uh direct you around like some kind of a freaking
director you know i'm saying oh god with my girlfriend go to the yad
prog 2156705 i was 60 it's it's just never ends it's just never ends i don't think that i think
this guy's missus calling he should just be doing drop-ins for radio shows oh missus
this one god this is this is even more in green never saw an angel like this one i'll take it
that this has been like a treasure trove of crap nice going for out thanks and you do notice now
that you're catching them see i don't think it's him so much i think it's just the voice
because on the pool our rican suds 242 should fill in for me this summer 242 George alone 149
George and suds 148 that's two uh 97 together the beast 59 we don't believe it for l 47 and
George don't for us voice 40 you're catching up to him great so they don't really care whether
it's him or you doing his voice i got to figure it out how about being a boy doing his voice can you do
that voice of course i got that voice who can't do that voice not as good as George though
no i think George missus calling he needs to get a little bit of a squeaky beater to see
how to do this for a long time to see after you do for a while you can't beater for a little bit this way
being a boy 26 Steve Cain 25 Lynn Samuel 17 and Joe Z is got unlucky 13 in last place at a 766
votes Joe is still sucking wind don't forget check out the qa m van for the happy hour with
Sam Adams beer today six to eight o'clock this afternoon at the quarter deck located on
university driving baby crust from noble university stop by for drinks specials and win prizes from
the sadams girl and maybe Miguel give you something really good to okay maybe who let's just
sniff his navel his navel what attack here's pop it obj hello the the most amazing thing that
ever happened to me in my past broadcast career this goes back about 10 years was meeting Scotty
and and Vegas and realizing that that was his real actual voice yeah i'm here yeah and that you
ever seen his wife i've never seen him i have not met him he's actually very nice guys got
a goes in here very nice guy but and his wife is playboy sector for quality if they're still married
beautiful blog oh right which only goes to prove that a beautiful woman will marry anybody as long
as they're rich and famous or of course in scotties case slightly rich and slightly famous uh-huh
and about jika you know yes i q and eight column uh you slightly have the story the way but it's
always in the ontv guy that comes out of sundays right and is always some idiot who and he actually
waste valuable paper and they can't say these questions what happens to long order what happens
NYP people you know one that one that when it's the summer break i mean if they're a fan of the show
well in this case NYP people went off for a few for a few weeks when they had that show the family
if you're a fan of the show number one you should know this number two you can simply pick up your
phone if you have one call the local facial the network and they will tell you what happens in
that show why waste valuable in can paper and then this week there was a question on the shield
with michael chiclus and the capture we're not talking about a four page article and somebody
makes them think in the middle of the article one sentence that see the uh-shield with michael chiclus
as ended it's second season ended e and ed ed and it is does that paper has anybody who could still
or write a grammatically correct sentence anyway no no thanks they'll thanks a lot pal say out of
scotten as a lovely missus if she's really like kicking me actually yeah all right but his
girlfriend is supposedly really really hot there you go the beast was out there he's got good taste
in the in the ladies oh smack you yeah this isn't like winning a lottery but i feel like it's the
next best thing you know i mean i fall into a bucket of crap here today it just uh no matter what
happens how deke jump in you keep coming up smelling like a lilacs smelling like the crow almost
let me just take a peek at our hot couples again see if one of them has got a stunt penis i mean
well today's good thing we don't know let's see air in an Amy 136
to origin Susan 109 so air in an Amy are putting on a big press and it's still the first day
they're putting on the big push i can almost feel it right here you know 26 past noon at 560
wq we got the mad dog i want to hear the mad dog do a little bit of that for real voice don't you
all right i pay to hear that and then even a hopper i bet you the hopper could do it good you think
how much you do it good for well Hank will be doing the show from the preekness at Baltimore and
the Dave Johnson will be calling George tomorrow as he does between all the before the triple crown
races i'm still going with funny side with or without the battery okay got it that was criminal what
the hero did do a porcelain Santos i think i think i smell a lawsuit there Jose and then we got
the big seven o'clock and the beast with with uh boy you think the beast is going to have to have
his tongue like reinserted before he and Zach can do that show at 10 tonight join mark overnight
hey are you bald well don't call fast train sexual performance problem don't call fast train
in a dead end job call fast train now we're getting it fast train can have you fully trained
already for a new high paying computer career in just four short months so column tool free call
fast train at one eight six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train i've got locations
all over town so there's bound to be one nearby you they're in Miami they're in Kindle for
Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines so pick up that instrument right now and call fast train tool free
one eight six six fast train they offer job placement assistance financial aid convenient
evening weekend classes so there's no excuse to stay in your crappy dead end job one more day
your new career is a phone call in just four short months away jump on the fast train today and
call tool free one eight six six fast train or check them out of the web if you like it fast
train.com and when you call be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call
my and local here sports video 560 she went to a m
Eisner
and now an NBC special report with Tom Broca
this is Tom Broca reporting for MBC Nightly News the Walt Disney Corporation is considering
spending $100 million to purchase Jim Hens' love of characters i spoke with Disney executives
about possible takeover and here's a Michael Eisner had to say well Tom you see it be a popular
and my name all set isn't here what what sir do you not see me here hello Tom Broca asked me
to watch fingers on each hand white gloves big ears right but he asked me a question
besides mother okay sir i want enough on to do with this deal you see i'm the one you don't talk
okay stay in there and you cheap little soup with your matching hankie and tie and shut up
okay sir i want nothing to do with this deal this is this pluses idea he's been trying to buy those
freaky look and mop it characters forever you know i have to say that kermits up
should oh my god
oh my god
oh my god
we're in a panoron here
sorry boss i didn't see no signs
there's a slide on the door that says in conference
i can't reeky balls
don't you see these cameras and lights all over this is Tom here live broca
that's a guy can't say to yell
yeah that's who that is
i'll sit down and be quiet make one sound and i swear to god i'll pummel you
hey boss so bourbon comes out your butt so you see Tom we're big bang
hey look at me in the eyes yes look now watch me yes shut up okay sir
all let me ask uh kermit the fraud uh kermit what do you think about this hospital figure
oh i'm the
mr. blue birds
oh my shoulder i don't know Tom
it's a fish
free miss back you
hey
hey
hey
everything
free miss
hey
yeah
boy
they're trying to talk to the frog now remiss
what i tell you
don't stop
stop
stop
stop
stop
stop
so see Tom
oh
again with you
i just tried to add to the
they're trying to talk to the frog
right
you want to buy the damn frog
maybe you want the frog talk
oh okay
please
uh go ahead mr. frog
well i was just going to say we're
explaining the wealthy
shut up
why don't you all just shut up
but but sir the frog was trying to speak
i don't care the frog should shut up
uh i think mr. broko has another question
uh listen i'm done with this
stop me boss
oh
especially you we miss
you're perfectly normal i can
yes sir
boss man
this interview was over
this is tombro hurry
point for the mc lily news
all right
all right
26 still one at five 60 WBQ
look at that our hot couples contest
airing in a me 153
George and Susan 123
they've opened up a 30 vote lead on there
and then credible
yeah
and then after that it's like uh
john and suzy 30
and then after that you know i'm saying
it's not even worth it i mean i don't mean
it's not even worth it but in terms of
reading the numbers i'll tell you a way
up there like maybe one to your two
day
who should sit in for kneel to some or ask
on our uh website today
neorodges.com
rickensuds 257
Georgian suds 159
Georgia loan 159 hey at least you're
consistent
218
the beast 59 of which i guarantee a
whole bunch of those are bogus
you know where they probably came from
u m
all his bunk butt buddies over at u m
for rals got 50
George doing for rals voice 44
being a boy's got 27 tied with mr. ego
steve came 27
Lynn samuel's 18 and jozy at least
he's been back there look at that 814 vote
oh oh oh oh
i totally would go over 800 days
yep this may not be record breaking
but it's certainly close to it and jozy's
in last place with only 14 vote
Boston fans are sissy they win nothing
ever
ever
wait a minute
selfies are push these
25 till one at 560 wq
oh my god 400 open lines here in 25 minutes
to go see they don't want to make it too
easy today
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line here's my any hello
my any
deal yes sir how you do it
deal good
Carlos actually all
hey um
listen uh do you ever watch a 6th hand
never watch what
the 6th hand movie
no oh man you have to make an exception
where you brush your hair and i'm
west i'm movie
it is great
is it
okay i guess they just cut you hear the
click on air i guess they just cut him off
you go see it again
yeah go i watch it again let me know if you
still like it Carlos
if Bruce Wallace is in it the answer is
no i will not go see it in addition which
did not ask you did it since it got such a
humongous response on our pool should i
waste my time go see it you said no
no you said no no so i won't do it
won't be worth it for you thanks anyway
pali thanks for this recommendation
they went down like hey what are
some of those girls i was talking about it
you
five six seven oh five six
the
the
i'll tell you the best part of all of
this none of it has i mean he does
mention the soldiers are pussies
whatever none of it has anything to
with sports
like i said clearance i think you move it
in the right direction more entertainment
less repetitive sports less of that
crap okay nobody gives a crap anymore
about sports nobody cares it's
terminal it's ponderous so i'm wondering
who's going to get the accident in
morning who they're going to move out of
there's a good probably guilty
because i was going to solid two-year
contract and they don't want to have to deal
with him oh oh that was that we're never
born something and maybe guilty he'll get
relegated doing just the sports updates
it very much reduced uh... salary i don't think
how it's going to gel with for out you know
now i think i'd be great i think it'll be a
battle of titans okay well let's so wait and find out
probably starts monday i'll show near you
here's west palm beach hello
i do like to do it buddy pretty good pretty good pali
there's a guy farrow it's a dick farrow that is a
stepson or grandfather son never taking farrow
that's his illegitimate brother
i was a tough last night meal
oh
you know i get all this guy's like a brick wall in that net
how about that little tic tac toe play with uh...
at a most who flows behind the net you see that
i noticed that they banged it around the air
blink that thing was in the net
that's right well you know uh... uh...
you know what's his name uh... jica
jirka yeah he gets up jirka he he he he like rips you
every time he substitute for uh...
for i you know i got the saw me and i got a try to listen to his own
his name
eddy k. yeah yeah he's like oh you always tries to make the ratings
i don't understand this guy you know all he's got to do is report the news
and the radio ratings are a piece of the news and you know
he doesn't whenever he feels like it so i guess if we ever have a bad book
which that they will come at that point he'll discover that the radio
ratings are very big news you know
i vote for spikens but okay thanks uh... and i'm sure to expect
see a pali five six five six seven see this is uh...
did they start doing and he can't stop
oh yeah you have no idea you'll you'll see if you do try to do that after about
an hour and a half you'll be able to talk to the guy that knew for well i called
me for it was told us about his ex-wife and our uh... hot she was
i should ask him because beena voice is he talks very much like that off
here that's his voice right
how is that possible other than like years and years of lots of smoking and
booze and booze and smoking that's right and choking choking and gagging
and look all this is four 205 six
you can't wait
yeah
fast
this crowd is cheering with organising
zoomry glorious landing by our fearless leader with the united states
rindstock bad thing
that by car roll with the top hand
fearless leader is now stepping out of the cockpit all how handsome he looks
uh...
certainly looked the part of the air what is that oh yeah
i'm speaking of cockhead take a look at the parachute harnesses where
well i'm sure the good christian women who wear a rope to tie their pants are
swollen like good patriot who's the only to second time behind us big to the
flu shabby to the seal glove the news that thirty years ago
that explains why the big con never got close to jesus down the hangar deck there's
an all-dragger view of Chicago let's take a look at that hangar that show
with your her skirt saying that we're in so wager
no looks like a
wait a minute that there's already flushed
no well well fox newsroom back will have more on the new power of grand budget
proposal and those controversial online lesbian pictures of enculture and
other who are right twelve forty four five sixty wq way i'm happy thursday
to we got the mad dog coming up a lot of clock
and the hot couples contest got almost six hundred votes on it or read that thing
is really a puking up there you know it's not probably one of the reasons
being they want to see them boobies if they're real or make believe you know what i
mean i want to bring them anyway five six seven oh five sixty
here's north mimey beach hello
north mimey beach isn't there is gone shame on them here's candle hello you
pick it any taxes here's coconut grove hello
hi yes sir how you doing okay man yeah
yeah i sound nervous a little bit you know i've been listening for a long time
you want to show your repeats like you used to
what are i show my repeating you're coming you know have them on the radio instead
of having George why don't you have the old ones you used to put the best
the nil they're awful no they weren't man i mean my ghost of nil
no okay no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
now that he's got the new voice though it might squeeze him up over he's the worst
He's worse. He's terrible. No offense, but he's not a DJ. You know, I don't know.
And by the way, for the guy before the crank, I don't pay Canadian taxes.
God, I don't Canadian income asshole. But anyway, what?
You know what I was going to ask you. Did you ever see Pi, which is the first film
that the guy that Aaron Aske did?
You mean the moment he put the guy on the set at the end?
Yes. Yeah, that was cool. And also welcome to the dollhouse, the thing Todd Solen.
Yeah, I got to get to it. Yeah, those movies I saw there years ago.
Anyway, I love you. Okay, thanks.
Listen to your voices really sexy. You know that?
It sure is. It really is. Okay, man. I have a great day.
Bye, Vanessa. Bye. Bye.
Bye.
She said she hates you, George. Yeah.
Who should fill in for Neil during this summer? I'm not going to read the whole thing
because it's too embarrassing.
851 votes. So when Joseph Gekki still in last place, that's all you need to know.
And the beast has got a bunch of phony votes.
And George doing for else voices, only seven behind for real himself.
Maybe that's some of some for our clients to think about.
Because if they're going to put him on full time, they might have to pay him some serious bucks.
I can tell you.
You know, the number is right. 570560.
Pound that 560 special on AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
I'm going to get some cash going tonight.
Incoherent, I think is the word that comes to mind.
Incoherent. Here's Palm City. Hello.
Hello. This is me. Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil.
I got a vote on the poll.
And I also have a shameless request. Can I get both?
Go ahead.
Okay. I kind of liked last summer when you had your tapes on.
I know you don't like the tapes, but you had the tapes and George.
It was to me. That was good.
I didn't hear it.
We were waiting to hear the tapes on last summer.
I didn't hear the tapes.
Oh, I'm sorry. You were live for two days. That's right.
That's what I liked.
Oh, well, we're still doing that.
I'm still going to two days.
Three days. Three days.
Yeah.
I like the end of your energy chooses.
I like to have George on.
I like to listen to him on the other days.
I don't personally.
I don't like him five days a week.
But if you're going to be on there, two days.
And third days, I just didn't have George the rest of the time.
I pray you know something.
I'm thinking that's really the way to go.
George Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Neil, two days and third days.
And I'm just doing the summertime.
I'm thinking all year long would be good.
Well, I wouldn't want that all year long.
I would. I wouldn't.
I mean, no. I would.
And what's the request, Kelly?
Three quests.
My I've been telling my brother,
who lives in New Hampshire all about nobody speak English anymore.
I need to. Okay.
I'll okay.
I'll sneak it in.
Okay.
Oh, you're a wonderful man.
I have to say.
I have to say,
birthday.
Thank you, Neil.
Happy birthday, Palli.
In November.
I'll see you.
Okay.
Both more on November 5th.
Well, I'm going to have to play that now because if I don't do it now,
because you know what, what I got to play at the end of the slide,
I mean, I don't have to, but I feel like it.
And it's supposed it's already in there.
Cued up.
It would be a criminal thing.
Not to.
It would be bad not to play.
Bad at the end of the show.
So now we'll play this.
John Pierre McCaxie,
Carburet Driver,
Central Park.
You look at me so quissically.
I could tell she was in a dog.
So I acted out my puncture in
and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug.
He speaks English anymore.
Oh.
I went down to my, yeah,
I made a bridge where the weather business and so many.
I walked into a liquor store
for the guy that talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of
whole gym beamies.
It's just now at the end of what doesn't mean.
The bus is English.
I got a mall.
That cornered the alley.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speaking with smelly.
Are you can go back to the Lair?
I came here many years ago
learned my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty pretty.
So get yourself to a classroom
quicker in America now.
Stop making me sick.
You know, but I should be English.
I'm going to be like 11 to 1 at 5.
60 WDQ.
I mean, I'm looking at this very jackass article
the other day about the forrel thing.
And I think, you know, as usual,
because Greg uses very jackass as his mouthpiece
to rip people and the spread rumors
and the spread paranoia and and whatever to plant the seeds, you know.
There is a great seed planter.
And where he says he's considered using
forrel on Howard David's morning show.
But nothing is imminent.
He says we'd like to add more humor to the morning show.
So can you read between lines on that?
In other words, the question is who's going to be with him
on a morning show?
Not a question of if it's just a question of when.
Who's going to be with forrel in a morning show
and who's going to be out?
And who's going to be on top and who's going to be on a bottom?
That's the only question.
Why does somebody have to be out?
Now, who is this can't possibly be our chronic friend
from New York, can it?
The epitome guy or whatever that word was?
Hello.
No, Neil. That's not him.
Oh, thank God.
How are you doing today, sir?
Pretty good.
Hey, just want to talk a little hockey before the end of your show.
Okay.
Isn't it amazing that Babcock got robbed
in the United of May or finally played like a hockey player?
Well, you know, people have been questioning about
if people said, wow, you know, you were ripping him Neil
and the Panthers gave up too early.
There were some guys they could have played here
till they were 100 years old.
They never would have been good.
They went to Calgary and he stuck the joint out.
You've got to get a guy in a certain situation
playing with a certain chemistry.
And for whatever the reason,
he fit right in there and he's playing great.
And he had to sweep break away the other night.
I saw that.
It's the same place.
I saw that. It's your hand.
And you know the funny thing too,
about Shigerr, the people don't talk about
is the reason Calgary gave up on him
is because he dehydrated.
Yeah.
You notice his water bottle in the back of the net.
He drinks out of a straw.
And that's not the best way.
Less air to get out of it.
I hear for a little drink out of a straw too,
is what I heard.
I wouldn't doubt that either.
Hey, and parting, the worst thing about hockey on the SPN,
Gary Thorn.
He's an asshole.
Which is why my CBCA.
Love you, Neil.
See you, Pallie.
Little hockey talk from a guy from New York
where they really appreciate their hockey.
And of course, they don't have any plant with the Rangers
or the outlanders.
They're done just like the make-believes.
Hey, listen, it's down to Anaheim
and forget about the wild.
They had a nice run, but they're done.
And then of course, Ottawa, New Jersey.
Pray for Ottawa.
Okay, please.
Because New Jersey is his boring
is listening to a Gilbert Land.
Oh, I mean, just coma inducing.
Nobody wants to hear that.
Okay, here's the so far, at least during the show,
the final result.
Who would fill in the should fill in for Neil this summer?
Rick and SUDs 270.
George and SUDs 171.
George solo 167.
The B62.
You buying it, Beanorboy?
No.
No.
No way.
For all 53.
George, New Ferrell's voice 46.
Steve Cain 30.
Beanorboy 27.
Lynn Samuel's 20.
And Josie.
Joe may not be good on here.
He may not be exciting, but at least he's consistent.
He's been sucking wind in last place from the get-go.
Out of 862 votes, he's only got
16, he's in last place.
He's still sucking a big one.
Poor Joe.
Good guy, but we don't want to hear money here.
There's a lot of nice people.
We don't want to hear money here.
And let me take one.
Can I take a quick peek?
At a hot couple sky, I guess I can do whatever I want.
Aaron and Amy 180.
George and SUDs 138.
As Aaron and Amy, all of a sudden have pulled into a lead.
Okay, still got a long way to go though.
So get to that website.
Take a long hard look.
Squeeze it.
Peruse it.
Examine it.
Think about it.
My life and locals.
This is 430516.
Way to go, yeah.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
Have a great time, boys.
I'm the little leader of the world.
I will be exploded to dumb and people killed.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and
the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled.
To get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there, Tosinamba.
For right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hip.
Daddy, ride past the sun.
Weapons of master structure.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Aint there's oil to be gotten.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
The name is laudate.
But no one seems concerned all.
I'll be in complacent.
Believe in every word.
Of this cartel administration.
That control this by fear.
Through media manipulation and the right wing.
Is drilling it over and over and to our hip.
You turn at our aggressor.
Weapons of master structure.
The loss of civil rights is the right
that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass crop is being.
I have.
