with the sewer of this place.
It isn't even a long hour you do understand that question.
I do.
First day of the news tournament.
Bye bye bye bye bye.
I'm doing her that's right.
Just about every day and night.
Cause with me's young and tight A baby come out.
I waited endlessly.
She finally give it to me now.
Just like in her songs I can hear her moan.
I've been dating her since we were four.
It ain't no lie.
I was the first to go through that door.
It's come by by by.
It's about time everybody knew.
We're doing it like funny for a year or two.
I hate to tell you her virginity.
It's come by by by.
The sweetest cherries are so young in pain.
I thank God every day that I am within sync.
I hate to tell you her virginity.
It's come by by by.
It's got had a bomb.
And took a hit then Woody.
Yuck like Cheech and Chong.
And get the munchies and make roundies filled with hair.
And Woody's sharing with Jesus and the saints.
The highest fireness.
And yeah, yeah.
Heart is great.
And yeah, yeah.
Heart is good.
And yeah, yeah, yeah.
What have got most kind of us?
Mocking parts like one of us.
Getting high on the back of the bus.
Just feeling most of us getting stormed.
On the grey hump us too long.
To get some Vatican homegrown.
A couple of time backs to take home.
No traffic Bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven this your throne.
Good morning, Bob and Tom show.
Hey, Bob and Tom show USA.
It's me, Larry Gang.
Oh, hi, Larry.
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning.
We're gang whenever I get a couple of snipters of Brandy
and a tab of acid in me.
I like to call you kids up.
We can tell.
Wow.
We do a little thing.
It's got people news and views by Larry Gang.
It's random thoughts.
Let's go.
My impression of every Jewish holiday.
And I should know they tried to kill us.
We won.
What's eat?
Got that.
I am utterly thrilled about lies and mannellies impending weddings.
Because even loud scary pill heads deserve some hat.
She is a loud scary person.
She and God knows lies is a force in nature.
Yes, she's like a tornado with flopping grandma boots.
Oh, say for that line.
That's the beautiful thing.
She sings like someone strangling a cat and twals on more makeup than a softball team of hoards.
That's a lot of fun.
It's a little harsh.
Oh, if there's anything more dashing and romantic than a submarine putting out to see, I don't
know what it is.
It warns the blood and fires the imagination.
Imagine 100 men go down.
50 couples come back.
That's a sweaty, splintered thing.
Hey, Perfolio Watchers, WardCon's long distance fond of vision is announced a new plan.
Things must be looking up.
Six cents any time of the day.
Oh, hold on.
That's the price of their stock.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who am I, that?
As the children of Ted Williams, you know, come close to an agreement or a word of a body of their dad's going to remain frozen.
The folks at the facility holding Ted and the giant frozen fat are treating the base bar great cylinder with the utmost respect.
You know what they printed on the outside of his tank?
No.
No pepper.
That's a sure thing.
You're beautifully done Larry.
Wait, wait.
Oh, boy.
If at first you don't succeed then skydiving really isn't for you.
Jesse Jackson is back in the news.
Gets the G-Hering met recently with the answer F at.
Oh, yeah, you talk about different icons.
One is exploited as own people.
There's a worn out message and a scandalous past.
The other is the leader of the PLO.
Who is generally considered a corporate clergy's favorite biblical character?
A very young Peter.
Hello.
Arthur Malon, the creator of the Frisbee Died last week at the age of 77,
the pure arrangements reflecting the man's life and his work, in fact,
the body is still lying in state on his neighbor's roof.
And just want to hit you with one more.
Please, I'll get the band ready for this one.
Did you see the dynasty star actress, Joan Collins, is married for the fifth time?
Oh, yeah.
All the wedding at all the traditional stuff.
By the way, there's something blue.
Was hope to chime up.
Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna have to be something old.
Sing my song, but you're not looking at my mouth.
You say so long.
It's something that they bit further south.
And it's not my base.
We're both your eyes, low looking.
Right under my clothes is my biggest asset.
Like them.
Underneath my clothes, there's a great big booty.
Bigger than J-Loads is my huge putty.
That is why nobody cares.
And I sing so, bringing fun in.
Underneath my clothes, there's a great big high knee.
When I strike a pose, it's anything but tiny.
So nobody's all the sense.
And I sing so, bringing fun in.
And it just does.
I mean, what a glaring omission we had from yesterday's pool.
How come Shakira wasn't on there?
I thought of it.
And her?
Why wasn't shouting out any names?
She's no permanent electric.
We'll see.
There you go.
Well, we apologize for that profusely.
Anyway, this is the first that we're trying to say.
And we like it already.
I'll wait.
I'll wait.
No, no, no, no.
We're moving it up the from the ass end of the front end.
We're front loading it.
And doing it 9 to 10.
And we like it.
And five.
We like it so much.
We're playing it with every day.
It sounds good to me.
Oh, yeah.
Why not?
It sounds like a weiner to me.
Anyway, so we'll, in fact, this gives them an added-out.
I'm going to vote on the poll for me yesterday.
Those people who have been napping or whatever are getting already for the president's big speech last night.
Which I didn't watch, by the way.
But we'll get to that later.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
They can get their work done.
You can call it out of the dial amatris and you're at great night's sleep like you've never seen before.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You can call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Shut up, fatso!
But you're like a father to me.
You don't talk to l'm done talking.
When l'm done talking, then you talk.
Okay, I'll...
Hey, Beast, come here!
Come here!
I want you to let me the friend of mine!
Mr. Golf Club!
Why are you all so...
You better show you the business and then it's...
Come here!
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz.
Would you info?
I'd...
You're a bookmate, sir.
The name's Mohawad David.
Star is stage screen and ferritizing.
What's yours?
Nick Olmeek of it.
Hmm, you got so pan.
Right, thank you.
Hey, you know...
What do you...
So proud of you, right?
I'm gonna make you my woman!
Hey, nobody wants to stop you!
God!
God!
God!
You're a little picky!
My shower time, it got 10 minutes.
Close to be safe and easy.
Yo, Boatah.
Yo, man.
You know, I knew linda blam over that.
Hey, so it's gritted, man.
Okay, I told him to be like that.
You know who I am?
No, tell me, man.
Then don't pick it up now.
I'll be a blood man.
All right.
But I expect a print in the poetry I might test upon.
That blue man of Boatah.
That little blue man.
I'll pick the front.
I'll pick the front.
Get to the front.
Lord, we'll see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warren.
Joe.
Jack.
Jack Warden.
How can it help you?
You see, Warren?
Yeah.
I keep getting raped.
Joe.
He's a baddish-head.
Joe, look into it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
Some time.
Somebody.
But it now dropped your path.
I said drop your path.
This is hot.
Oh, favors don't come to you.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rate more.
Radio big shot.
Oh!
Yes, now we pass the time away.
Give the gay old jail a hug.
I'm not a gay.
I'm not a gay.
I'm not a gay.
I'm not a gay.
I'm not a gay.
One hour, twelve.
We have an A-wrap photograph in a nuclear facility.
We're gonna need backup.
Okay, I do.
Get down on the ground.
Start praying.
Because you're going to jail.
Better ask me.
I'm a guest in your country.
I have my Constitutional rights right.
They call me Chico Johnny.
I'm a local living fundee.
But I burn a mean America in flag.
My clothes are cheap and dull.
She's my end to clean my bowels.
And I keep on coming this book of red.
For rent, what they're preaching is the only thing
that's teaching it's the only book
that's allowed in my school.
I'm too many friends.
I'm rocking while I'm reading.
If I stop I'll get a beating.
It'll take me out and with me like a mule.
Ah!
She caught Johnny.
The better is the next word screaming at me.
She never ends.
She heard Johnny get to stick to him.
My turn with him.
We're a turning.
Go Johnny go.
Now we're howling like a monkey.
Rest in total standing funky.
And we sound like trippy scabbling in the crowd.
We can sneak into your nation like a tourist on vacation.
When our deed is done, our summer will be proud.
If I get my student visa, we'll have crossed it.
Two weeks ago, still mingle with the infant, they'll swine.
And although they're turtish while I quit,
we still not be with all that seven birds.
And then the camel will be mine.
She caught Johnny.
The better is the next word screaming at me.
She heard Johnny get to stick to him.
My turn with him.
We're a turning.
Go Johnny go.
They call me Cheapot Johnny.
I may look a little funny, but I burn a mean American flag.
My clothes are $10,000.
My end to clean my powder.
My keep up pumping his clothes back.
Cheapot Johnny is the terrorist.
The next word screaming at me.
She heard Johnny get to stick to him.
My turn with him.
Go Johnny go.
I hear by sentence you, Abu Jihad, also known as Jihad Johnny,
to death by electrocution.
Listen son, would you like to get right with Jesus before we give you the big joke then?
Allah, Allah, Allah, God, have mercy on your head and soul.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to be a good man.
Oh, don't lie.
Oh, the heart burns.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
That free card in dim witch.
Don't go, don't go.
Oh, my TV.
He's President Thump.
Red Pals again muscle in.
And in our take a lit idiot.
I don't know why.
They want to watch us die, but not easier.
First rule to neck for years.
With President Thump.
S***.
Brother Thump.
Oh, what I get to, is the moon so small.
And get to we all voted for.
Why?
Here you are best.
Thump Thump Thump.
Lift, drum and scooping heat.
And lift, drum and scooping heat.
Find this drug and rich kid.
Don't those ladies even.
Some are they mean?
He's President Thump.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got a man by hooker and cross the chris.
I know what you will die, but hands don't fear.
We've got a great leader here.
with President Thumbna...
They say I love his taboo...
that what we're doing is wrong...
but I don't care what they say...
because my love is so strong...
they tell us we should be ashamed...
we're not husband and wife...
but I cherish each moment with you...
I'm so glad you're in my life...
You're my prison bitch...
my prison bitch...
you're not a liar of the men...
I'm glad we share a prison cell...
when lights go out at 10...
I can't accept the way I feel...
now that would be a crime...
as long as I'm not a man...
I'm doing you...
I don't mind doing time...
cause you're my prison bitch...
my prison bitch...
and I have no regrets...
I got you for a candy bar...
and a pack of cigarettes...
at first two world resistance...
but now you're all my friend...
I knew that I would give you in the end...
so back up...
prison bitch...
you're prison bitch...
I guess that you were sent from a papa...
you're prison bitch...
you're prison bitch...
and now you are my prisoner...
oh...
and you're prison bitch...
you're prison bitch...
and you're a fat machine...
I only have a request, how about some gasoline?
I'm tired of this, risen self, I need to get away.
That sentence leads to seven years, not seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch, your prison bitch, union for many.
I really hate these knockers that protect you on my back.
I thought that I could break a wave of now-inducing hope.
God, I'm tired of paying off the song.
And over, risen bitch, prison bitch, union for many.
Burn up the lights, cause I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch, union for many.
Prison bitch, union for many.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others, too bad they had to die.
On the second thought, I think I'll say, if you want me to,
your prison bitch is never leaving you.
I'm hurt you with my silly, but now you're my soulmate.
So, prepare, prepare, prepare.
I know, don't I get it?
No, I know what they're calling you up.
Heart, criminal.
You know, you're about to find out what you call this, the pumpkin.
Life 26 and 560 WQM. How do you like it so far?
Oh, yes, me.
I'm really good mood or what?
We're in a really good mood.
Everything is looking up roses.
How does that go?
Roses what?
What's that song?
Everything's coming up roses.
Everything's coming up.
What's that, Ethel Merton?
Don't forget, Jen, there was not Ethel Merman.
There were things, I guess she did sing that.
She never sang, she just shouted.
She bellowed.
She bled and doubt she'd shouted out.
She's still dead, by the way.
Yeah.
Going Georgia's have known happy our 5-7 of Treasure Island.
Located off the Palmetto just north of 120-second three days.
It's stopped by her for prizes.
Great specials and see the entire horny entourage of QAM will be there.
Desperate.
Desperate.
Crawling on the wall, crawling on to each other.
Grab a little bit of back.
Back them.
Yeah, a little.
Or a lot.
You need car insurance if you got tickets in the past.
You had an accident.
You have really bad credit.
Well, if you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number you ought to be calling right now.
1-888-506-7283.
That's the number 4th Florida First Insurance.
They've got the car insurance policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record.
They've got low down payments, get you the car insurance you need for a little 35 bucks a month.
Say it again.
Call them right now, tool 3 at 1-888-506-7283.
Florida First Insurance offers free quotes as family owned and operated with the years of experience.
You deserve the car insurance you need.
So call them now.
1-888-506-7283.
If you need home, life, health or commercial insurance.
These are the folks who can get you covered at Florida First Insurance.
And right now is a special promotion.
Stop by any Florida First Insurance location, get you a quote.
And you'll get two free casino crews passes compliments of Las Vegas style,
marketing a $60 value, absolutely free.
That's right, call 1-888-506-7283.
You get a current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance and get two free casino crews passes.
Don't forget a matter what your car history record is called 1-888-506-7283 for Florida First Insurance for all your current insurance needs.
Got the number well just in case here it is one more time.
1-888-506-7283.
Slide in local.
Here's sports radio 560s.
You a-
You a-
Up by how are you doing to me?
1-234-More-Bombs Drop.
5-678-More-Bombs Drop.
I'm 10-11-12-More-Bombs Drop.
We're going to drop the bomb.
Around their life we're going to drop them bombs and make up dead.
Low that drag right off their head.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb bomb bomb bomb out their life.
We're going to bomb bomb around the clock tonight.
Yes!
One more bomb!
Five people die!
Five people die!
Five people die!
Five people die!
Five people die!
Five people die!
Here's a real bomb.
So, have a blast.
We're going to drop that bomb all up.
You're a-
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb bomb bomb.
Out there life we're gonna bother around the clock tonight
Yes!
We can fix the double-bobe, you sure?
We can fix the double-bobe, please!
Just make them cruise missiles off the shelf
You're done with me this man is ill
Oh, so I'm a bin blood and you wear a coat
We're gonna show you how we're rocking roll
Those are the delusant and ain't so
We know you can't be cause we're seen in Bimbo
Our guarantee you wish you'll never be involved
When we show you how we're rocking roll
We're gonna show you how we're rocking roll
We're gonna storm your essence to a monologue
Then walk it dry and near stomping some snow
We're gonna show you how we're rocking roll
With all your money you can do some good
Help me some people and your name us
Instead you have to go and be a real prick
And now we want your ugly head on a stick
Go in and get all it's worth you will
We call this baby, it was him in the mill
Special delivery by B52
You're gonna be history and your talent and you
When we show you how we're rocking roll
We're gonna storm your essence to a monologue
Then walk it dry and near stomping some snow
We're gonna show you how we're rocking roll
We're gonna show you how we're rocking roll
We're gonna storm your essence to a monologue
Then walk it dry and near stomping some snow
We're gonna show you how we're rocking roll
With all your money you can do some good
Help me some people and your name us
I thought Christmas Eve was very damn
This religious thing was not for me
They held a big convention
And let the invoices free
I don't idea what I was about to see
They were speaking in tongues
That's what made me a believer
It was kind of fun
To stick it out of my mouth
To speak in tongues
They got people even
I can't hear the wind in from sides to sides
Muffin
The Lord will now embrace me
I'd slap my tongue to the feet
Or挑 what ever I do
He'll forgive me
Klaas now I speak in tongues
But that makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Playing round with my mouth
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York Yankees.
Darrell Strawberry, I'm a doctor, good and the personal coach Steve Hall.
Hall, that's what I like to know.
Not good in the wind up, the straw man snorts the line up, he's drooling like a dog who heard a bell.
He's high as a lab rat, for smoking the cracket of fat.
He does him like cocaine just likes the way it smells.
Snorting a ball, Harold's rolling up the 20s snorting a ball, and he's giving good and plenty.
They lick the 20 dollar bill.
Their teeth are grinding like a peppermilk, doing a ball.
He's got balls, he's drooling, out the hole in pills.
Steve Hall is in the bullpen, his nostrils are wide open, he's so fucked up he thinks he's on the braves.
He gets advice from Doc, and Doc prescribed some rock, so first he blew a line into any bluda, safe, snorting a ball.
They abuse the magic powder snorting a ball, sprinkle it on their clam chowder, prescription scuffle pet your world refill.
They do it in the pool if they had gills, doing a ball, out the hole in pills, for that money, a ball, out the hole in pills.
I like a welcome you all aboard, issue manager, but I'm luck.
Jump here in the taxi car, a bike driver, several ponds.
You look that mean, so quesically, I could tell he was in the dock, so I acted out my puncture rate, and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug, he speaks English, and I'm on.
I went down to my arm and weach where the weather is nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtzian Beemys' nonti and a what does that mean?
The butter's English and I'm on.
That's the corner deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English, melee.
Or you can go back to your arm.
I came here many years ago, and I've earned my ABC.
I don't say much is gross here, I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quicker and American now, stop making me sick.
You know what, that's the English.
Oh, 201.560 W.C.M.
I'm like it at Morris, it goes along, you know what?
I'm going to get into this now, and we got almost 1,600 votes on to pull from here.
The new poll will give you like after the 10 o'clock hour, right?
See, this is like more like synchronized now.
I'm starting to think real serious of maybe doing this every day.
And you know another thing, it creates kind of like a logical bridge.
A brick, a buffer.
A buffer?
A lot of buffers out there on the streets.
A bridge between like Mo and our show and Mo.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I know.
I think it's a fantastic idea.
You're going to accuse me of being an ask, because if I actually agree with you and talk about how you do that.
Don't forget, don't be sure to join the askiser, 5-7, a treasure round, the 7-0.
Demonstrations.
And he'll show you how to kiss a mass.
And maybe even lick a little on the side, or like in the middle.
20-10-560 W.C.M.
Delights of West Bokers, a mega store for the Atkins, not a any low-carb sugar free dime.
A place you're going to love, you're going to embrace it, you're going to squeeze it.
And good reason to join the thousands of people who have traveled away from all over the place,
because it's a one-of-a-kind store that's got over 600 different delicious low-carb food products on the shelves waiting for you to try.
And don't forget this week, try the simply low-carb loaf.
A delicious new bread with just 3 grams of digestible carbs per slice, and delicious taste of a whole wheat bread.
You'll be in snack heaven.
So whether it's carbolite, ice cream bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, and sauces,
Delights of West Bokers, a place you're going to love, and you can sample, like I always tell you,
you can try anything in the store before you be buying it, before you pay for it.
They got a staff that knows their stuff inside and out.
They're open every day, 7 days a week, 10 to 10.
And this particular store has got the biggest selection of Atkins brand products you'll find anywhere.
And the best part of the whole deal is it's always 25% off the regular price all day, every day, even on Purim.
And of course, more and more people are hopping on the Atkins diet because for a lot of folks,
it works better than anything else.
So do the smart thing. Head to the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world, Delights of West Bokers,
on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Or call them toll free, 1-877 Low Carb.
Check them out on the web if you like it, lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there is only 1D Delights of West Bokers, your official Atkins retail center.
My, my, and lovels. This is 440560.
Way to way, eh.
Hey, Knurr, the cane is back bigger and better than ever.
Elvis Presley in his first big movie role since he's been dead.
Elvis of Arabia.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, don't leave this room.
Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches.
17 unforgettable bass and 18 forgettable songs, including Dave there.
Don't be cool, dying in the chapel.
Blue swayed burial shoes.
You ain't got the mud of hall there. And more.
Yes, see Elvis in his stifus performance yet.
He's bigger, better, and better than ever.
Elvis of Arabia.
Playing in a theater, drive that or more to every near you.
Thank you. Thank you, thank you, can I come this?
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430PM.
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430PM.
Mark it down.
Oh, Mr. Lecter, save me a piece.
I'm disappointed you passed on Clarice.
Still eating people right after you kill them.
Nightingale made behind a tiny chrome collector.
Fingerl again.
He cleans up people, tasteless like chicken.
If you see him, a bowl on the street.
Better honor you, I did meet.
Boom, boom, boom.
Boom, boom.
Mr. Lecter, I've got two asked.
How do you eat things through that funky mask?
Though it looks good, you can't move your jaw.
The first animal to use us, he'll be strong, Lecter.
I wish I saw it all, you pay a visit to Jebacan.
Eat the clean fins on your next break.
Just remember your Pepsi day, see?
Straighten my crack on the potter.
I'm a toilet, we've been deceit and hate.
I was rubbing out of my body.
Bein' stuck another morning, as I stray.
All the pieces of butter and straw bones,
With that moving head to cut the bones out.
I've got this woman, I'm a grown-up, a burning voice.
My fat body is right there, breaking the sweat.
My powers are losing control.
Feel like a ghost in that.
You're different, and it's me, when I'm my home.
I've got a leaf, I'll make a fire.
My ass will be like a cutlier, and I feel just like a giant, burning roar.
I've got a trucker trucker burn as well.
I've got a rip.
I've got a rip.
I've got a rip.
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by.
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by.
When I listen to your show, it just makes me smile.
When I listen to your show, it just makes me smile.
When I listen to your show, it makes me feel like a child.
New Rogers on the radio, new Rogers on the radio,
new Rogers on the radio.
I've got a rip.
I've got a rip.
I've got a rip.
And then ask them to rate my fun.
Now very and over again.
Though I would not feel the most full,
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union,
Just hold and then stroke it away.
Boy, baby, you're not my type.
You sound like a nine-year-old kid.
Only a macho-melly guy.
That makes me flip my wig.
If ginger was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my boldest baby nose.
Inside is imply-rerenned today.
Though I would not be a sport home,
If I was not a closet of fame,
That's why a ginger and more gay union
would make me feel dizzy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, ginger and more gay union.
What make my sorrow pony hair feel safe?
If we had a ginger and more gay union,
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story,
We take a good, hard, stiff look and a start.
Five school jumps from the working-class London Borough of Islington,
Decided to form the band.
And because of that, the world got Span Dau Ballet shoved up its ass.
No, no, no, no, no, please, please, please don't make me listen anymore.
This Connecticut mental patient is one of hundreds across the country
Still suffering from overexposure to Span Dau Ballet's hit song,
True.
Tonight, Inside the Behind,
Brings you an unprecedented face-to-face interview
Between Span Dau Ballet front man Gary Kemp and the mental patient,
Proud and insane by his song.
You see, Gary?
Yeah.
The song.
It still plays everyday somewhere.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God, your voice.
Hey, what you mean?
You mean when I go?
True.
Yes, yes, yes.
And what's with your name Span Dau Ballet?
Where could get that of a wall in some German prison?
Oh.
Yeah, actually, how'd you know?
You'll freak.
What about the lyrics?
The lyrics, man.
Damn it.
What do the lyrics mean?
I can think of one you must love,
With a thrill in my head and a pill on my tongue.
Why you throw such a thing?
I'll throw it in and I'll be making it a move, man.
Unfortunately, the mental patient did not succeed in strangling Gary Kemp.
Either way, Span Dau Ballet song will still be around the bug that crap out of us,
Even from those first few notes.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, my God.
It's a big juicy, sapping-wit-looking show business tonight and inside the behind.
No!
This weekend,
Don't worry about it.
Iraq, Iraq, Libya, Syria.
It's the weapons of mass destruction, world.
Oh, Europe, Europe.
Coming to the botanolitis calcium.
Only the strong survive.
Senator D.C. Rene Riesens, I'm Sam.
And the Undertaker.
And now you lay the actors of evil.
In a steel cage dead lumberjack match.
Also skated to appear.
Color up.
Puppet mouth.
And stone dead Steve Austin.
Onwardish the power.
Can you smell what Steve's siren is cooking?
And Sunday.
Sunday.
Sunday.
The crowd will shake the world.
Well, wait.
With the atomic hunger of any anthrax, big al-cage, a mean Mr. Mustard.
And Goldberg in the world, heavyweight title match.
Feel the sting of the sore loser.
In the smallpox battle royale.
Oh, there is no vaccine.
When you catch the beekeeper.
A contagious hand, a hand mortal combat.
The weapons of mass destruction, world tour.
World tour.
This weekend.
And the botanolitis calcium.
He's up at 70 and 6.
What's the crap they played down the hole?
That's power.
Oh, God.
The kids that they don't know it's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a slit level head.
You remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happy I live in a slit level head.
You remember that?
No.
Why am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you.
Go be howie.
There are nothing support in it from you, pal.
No.
No.
You shut up, Patso.
Okay, that's it.
You're old, Pion.
You bet stupid, the fool.
Listen to me.
You're a Pion.
You'll be that ghost boy you too.
You're a Pion.
You know who I am?
I'm the king of paradise.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I came down here after losing my charm,
but to be a big fish in a little pond.
When they kicked me off the SPM, they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I moved to paradise.
So I moved here.
Fire!
That's not really a lowly knife.
Okay, we'll put you up by it.
And I hope that you can kiss my dice.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you.
A big fish in a little pond.
Is anybody else here in the game?
I'm a big fish in a little pond.
A big fish in a little pond.
A big fish in a little pond.
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhh!
What a pity!
What are you doing?
I'm 56 and 560.
Nobody can wait.
We just took a survey.
And the incident response around a building is,
oh right.
Yeah!
They like it.
How do you like that?
We like it.
We like it a lot.
I'm thinking every day.
Let's try it for like a little while.
We'll find out from the audience whether they like it.
Well, there's two more days in the week.
Sure it will get the fire a whole week.
That's an old grainer.
Anyway, I'm 56 and QM.
We got well over 1,600 votes on a poll now,
because this gives us a chance for the people who are like,
you know, out of touch yesterday.
Maybe they weren't touching it.
And then we'll start the new poll like right after.
And I think it puts us like back if I dare say it in sync.
Again.
Now this isn't going to be another one of those list type polls, is it?
No.
Oh, because maybe tomorrow.
Okay.
Hey, I'll tell you, I'll give you a list of one place.
Well, actually there are three locations,
but it's a list of one great place to go and pick out
the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
I've been talking about these folks for years.
I've had many of big, big fat meal over there in that place.
And you'll enjoy it too.
They're in sunrise in North Miami Beach.
And of course, the newest location in Penbroke Pines.
Stir it off your unbelievable feast with six different kinds of great soups.
Or prime all of you like.
Just shovel them in your pants.
Then sample dozens and dozens of succulent on-phrase oriental,
otherwise oriental surf and turf on a weekend's New York strip steak
made to your order cook just the way you like it at the gourmet center,
resisling Asian grill with teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood,
hand carb, prime rib.
A lot of other Chinese buffets, they don't even hold a candle.
The Emerald Coast.
And one of the reasons it's so good is because they don't use any crap.
No MSG, no cornstarch, and they use only cholesterol-free oils and other cooking.
They were faith features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, a fresh room cocktail.
And Emerald Coast famous lobster fest to be back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bist too.
One requirement at the Emerald Coast, you must leave room for dessert.
Take a crowbar and shove that in your pants and make a little opening in there
for pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings.
And fresh fruit, it's a perfect ending to unforgettable take out of the Emerald Coast.
You'll find them in sunrise, the original soft-load location,
pineapple at a 44th street.
They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, north of Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads and Pembroke Pines.
They accept reservations, take out and live re-available as well.
Be sure to check out the Newer Annel Chicken Salad too.
I was wondering why that's at the end of the spot, George.
Good question.
Yeah, well, check out the Orannel Chicken Salad, maybe you'll find out.
Call maybe eat it last after dessert.
954-572-3822.
954-572-3822 for the one and only, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My life and local, this is 420560.
Way to Aida.
A young man, turned 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
It's too many scenes.
In your dime bag, getting to the party.
Two minutes too late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Yeah.
Don't you think?
It's like day-aay!
When you've lost phone breaks, the spring bag!
When you're already baked, the food you read!
That you just didn't take!
Who would've thought you'd get it?
Hot brownie, that you already ate.
A no-stoneous sign.
A love that you've raised.
It's like 10,000 joins, when all you need is light.
It's like having the feel of your dreams.
And then finding out these light ends alive.
And isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's like day-aay!
When you've lost phone breaks, the spring bag!
When you're already baked, the food you read!
That you just didn't take!
Who would've thought you'd get it?
10,000 free of five, 60,000 W.
Not 10,000, we love that 9,000 to 10,000 hour.
Man, do I like that?
Yeah, and us two, I'll tell you.
And we'll find out if the audience likes it.
Now we always got some sour pies out there.
Ah, that was a terrible.
But I think that could be the biggest star on the whole show.
I think that could be the biggest hour in South Florida radio.
If you ask me, and you wanted to know why, 9 to 10, stop and think about 9 to 10 a.m.
It's like between a croc and a hard place.
Always have.
Always been a pro.
It's neither fish nor foul.
Kind of foul.
But nevertheless.
And so now maybe we can actually make it into something.
In other words, anybody's like getting ready to start today and go into work or whatever the hell they're doing.
Here's a chance for a few yucks.
Right, you let it up a little bit.
And believe me, on this station 9 o'clock we do need to lighten it up just a little bit of a couple of notches, huh?
But I want to get to serious.
You know, all the heavy-duty sports stuff that people get so intense and whipped up about.
All those nasty rumors about Dave Wonsett and Troy the boy, things like that.
And everybody gets, ah, like that.
This is a chance to kind of like, you know, knock it down a couple of notches.
Kick back a little bit.
Put your feet up on the dash.
Why are you driving in course?
Because you're not going anywhere anyway.
I like it.
I like it a lot.
Even Muff came running and here was just psychotic about it.
He was going, I like it.
I like it.
Honey, son, it's just like mad dog in the mason.
Anyway, here's a facts.
I feel like we're like starting the show now.
This is the way it's supposed to be.
Neil Rogers show starts at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Let's face it, this is the first time in over a year that we feel like us.
That was like a warm up back to the war.
You know what I mean?
This is the first time in a year that we feel like us.
Now, of course, nobody knows about it yet.
All the way, you know, we teased it a little bit yesterday, but the word will get out.
It'll get out.
Here's the facts from Nadine who says I called yesterday around 1230 and outs myself held on.
And then before you know what I heard,
BYE BYE BYE!
And the plug was pulled.
They pulled our plug.
I know you mostly have male listeners, but how can Tom Welling and Johnny Depp be so low on the list?
That's a good question, Nadine.
I've said to you before you'd have to fight me for Tom and not time, Byron, either she says.
Tom Welling.
She says she gets a swelling when she sees Tom Welling, which is kind of interesting.
Maybe she's...
Well, anyway, my daughter dated Johnny Depp when we lived in Mirroir 20 years ago.
How do you like that?
Her daughter dated Johnny Depp.
Maybe she'll draw you a picture.
Woo!
Maybe she'd describe it to me.
He was handsome, then, kind of shy, a bit on the dark side.
He hung out with the tougher kids in the neighborhood in Carroll City, but seemed to be a loner.
He was one of those brooding loners.
You know, like James Dean.
Yeah, kind of like that.
Anyway, she says I watched Smallville on the Osborne's last night.
Couldn't bear listening to the competition.
Me too, I watched at least half of that Smallville.
Good episode last night.
Poor Lionel Luther.
I want to tell you one thing.
You're right.
He must have gotten some of that kryptonite up his ass or something, because they can't destroy him.
He's invulnerable.
I mean, he kind of like caves a little bit, but he always bounces back.
Always not bouncing too good with that thing around his neck, but nevertheless.
Huh? That was a good episode.
Is all right.
And the best part, of course, with the previews.
It's like all the other shows.
The previews are always the best.
Or should I tell everybody what happened on passions? I better not.
See, I see it on the dish.
I had day ahead of time.
Better not tell him what's going on here.
Yesterday was pretty damn good.
I think you'd have to agree with me.
So anyway, what is it?
His name is Miguel.
Jesse Ventura.
I don't even start that again.
Are you going to start?
I know what it was.
I'm just testing your memory.
Anyway, she says, love you, and thanks for keeping it light, says they didn't see it.
Thanks for keeping it light.
Like that guy told me, 26 and a half years ago, almost 27 years ago,
keep it light.
It sounded like he was having a stroke on the other end of the phone.
Keep it light now.
I guarantee you one thing.
He's dead now.
He's keeping it real light, heavy.
Probably weighs about 20 pounds by now.
Anyway, yesterday's pool.
Okay, let's quit beating around the bush and you're right to it.
Do you say beating up the bush?
Who's the hottest public figure in the world?
And we say the hottest person, and we put public figure in there.
So you're not going to say, oh yeah, Nadine, I sure it's her, whoever.
You know, somebody we know.
Movie star, sports, jock, celebrity.
Somebody important.
Who's the hottest person in the world?
Brittany Spears, it was a pretty good battle there between Brittany and Halleah very for a while.
And then some of the people went out and bought the star,
which I apologize to Halleah and her supporters for turning them out of that picture,
because it was really didn't do her justice, as David Justice would say.
Wouldn't she marry to David Justice?
Who was married to David Justice?
It wasn't her, it wasn't her, it wasn't her.
Who the hell was it?
Oh, it was some white chick.
Who was it?
You're asking me.
Will you get with it okay?
Who's David Justice?
For justice, you know who we go see, don't you?
Anyway, Brittany Spears had 156, Halleah, Barry, 128.
We got 1,622 votes.
Are you ready for that?
Anna Cornelhoi had 112.
Jackie Johnson, the Channel 7 and Weather Babe, had 92.
Elizabeth Hurley, 77.
Shania, 24.
Oh, right.
The election I had to show, and the mess was Shania.
Serena Williams, and the brother was right yesterday, 69.
What an interesting total of votes for Serena.
Jessica Alba from Dark Angel, 65.
I have no idea who that is.
Anyone in a Y?
Because I don't watch Dark Angel.
How about the lecture 52?
We know who that is, George.
Catherine Bell from Jag, 49.
Kristen Crook from Smallville.
I don't know.
48, it says here, but we got off to a slow start.
Do you really believe that Kristen Crook?
Crook?
No, not really.
48?
No.
Two ahead of Charlize Theron from Devil's Eye of Kid, 2 days in a valley,
and in your big valley 46.
Catherine Zeta Jones 46.
I used to work on Zeta 4.
See, I don't want to start nitpicking.
But Zeta is a Greek letter.
It's not like optional how you pronounce it.
It's like beta.
Beta is beta.
And never to finish off.
Right?
Omega.
I don't want to beat a dead horse, but, yeah, Omega, the Omega man.
Do you remember who used to play the Omega man in the movies?
Of course.
You son of a bitch.
You don't remember either.
Let's see.
Well, we'll do the break and then we'll finish off with a list.
Then we'll get to today's pool.
And when I will start getting some analization from the audience out there.
I think we've reached, marked out of the January 29th, 2003.
We've reached a new cornerstone in history of the show.
Didn't you or Goyce were going to be like retooling?
I think we're redoing the tool here, right on this show.
10 on this after 10 at 5.
60 W.
By the way, you can go buy the C. George and the whole gang trying to get laid this afternoon.
Went tickets to see the Scorpions in concert as a Coral Skye amphitheater on the 31st.
I have a really complicated contest involving just walking up and asking for it.
Right.
So you can went tickets just by saying, can I have something here?
I said, hurt, sure.
Anybody wants that stuff?
I mean, who wants to go to the Coral Skye?
I'm sorry, Woody.
You don't want to go there, do you?
It's a really cool thing.
Especially if it's really cool.
Anyway, it's snowing Miami speaking of that.
That's what Tom Lehman and San and Joe Prieto was echoing because he knows what's good for him.
They're buried not in snow, but in automobiles and whatever else.
The fact we've sent Hal at so many cars, they got no place to stick him.
Even Tom Lehman had to put some in his driveway so they need to place one in yours as soon as possible, as in Pronto.
Hal ats blowing out all new vehicles regardless of profit, including the Pontiac Vives,
starting at a ridiculously low price of only $13,998.
And you get up to five grand off every GMC on-boy and stock at Hal at plus,
you get 0% financing over up to a $3,000 rebate the choice's yours.
And we always tell you about the gigantic, the almost endless selection of dependable pre-owned car-structs, SUVs at Hal ats,
and that never changes.
And also, as far as credit is concerned, that doesn't change either.
Even if you've got the worst credit in the history of mankind, Tom Lehman will find somewhere to cut your deal and get you into a new vehicle,
maybe an old gelopy, something at Hal at Pontiac.
Right now don't forget it's the Winter Bliss at Emergency Clearance Sale going on out now
and you'll find Hal at Pontiac GMC in their same great spot.
35 years they've been doing people right.
134 or one South Dixie Highway, that's US run across from the falls,
open every day, seven days a week, you'll see even some extra cash for having the balls to mention the near-arrogers show when you go in there.
Call the near-arrogers, Neil D. LaHotline for all the details, call 1-883-440-211.
That's 1-883-440-211 for Hal at Pontiac GMC who be Magnum mistake about it, professional grace.
5-883-1, local, this is 5-City, so radio is all yours now, and you win!
And what you're really about to hear has been adolescently subject to a moronic series of edits and changes with no endorsement or authorization by those depicted therein.
We apologize, however, stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
It's the most talked about reality TV show of the fall!
Wild, wild action!
From the director of the Iceborn!
So what is it, sir? You must know what it is.
It's a producer of the end of a cold show!
Yeah, I'm doing a poor family, Lee.
It's the Michael Jackson show!
I've been doing it for years.
I know, but I can't remove any more of your nose.
I mean right now, it's basically just a blowhole!
Do it!
Alright, if you insist.
I feel bad.
There you go, it looks cool.
I love it.
I cannot handle this too much.
That's disgusting!
My penis?
That's so bad!
The Michael Jackson show!
It was a nightmare, horrifying nightmare.
This fall on Fox!
Allas of his tailors in the kitchen have been set with a llama!
I've been at minikai.
I love it.
You Michael, I got that photo you've been waiting for.
That nude photo of that Jonathan Littlybke!
Good! That's what I want.
That's 16 to 560 WQA.
A man outside your wearing such a good mood today.
It's almost illegal, you know what?
Do you think it's just a coincidence?
No.
I don't think so.
I think that they see the thing about the bio-rhythms.
Let's get Ernie Sochin on here.
To talk about all the socks that he lost in new bio-rhythms again.
Our biological clock.
Our biological clock was disrupted, okay?
And you don't mess with our biological clock.
And as a result, now we've discovered a way to get it like back in sync.
I keep saying that, which I apologize for fiercely for that.
He should have been on the yesterday as like the crank-vote, just in Tinkerbell.
Oh, so it's sad for him.
What?
How he very was his very two-what's his justice?
Maybe justice.
I know that.
See, I know my crap.
See, it's not important, is it?
What?
And that's why I know it.
Mike and Kendall is the chronic factorist.
I really like the company with our Keep the Format.
Could you please say hi to my mom?
Surely she's a big fan of you.
No.
Okay, so hi, Shirley.
And he likes the 9 to 10 hour.
See, I was just going to do it on Wednesdays, changing around with the noon to 1 hour of
a noon on Wednesdays for quite a while.
Well, you know how sometimes you also like to premiere interesting European music
that you won't normally hear over here?
Oh, what hour are we going to do that?
9 o'clock?
Yeah.
I don't think now you're getting a little curious away.
They don't want to hear my music.
Believe me.
Although the 10 to 11 hour today sounds really good for them.
More music.
And then of course the 11 a new hour, that Asian music.
This is a disgusting story.
Thanks, Lynn.
Our good friend Lynn Samuel's turned me on of this story.
West Palm Beach.
And I'll get, I'll give you the rest of that pool.
Just relax.
Okay, now we feel like we're more like the whole of the way the show was before they
picked what they showed.
Right.
We have two nail it down before 10 30 because Eric has a conference call.
Just relax.
Well, nail it down.
First of all, what do you mean nail it down?
He can take that off of there now.
I already made my copy of it.
Eric, so go right ahead and put the new one.
I already fashioned the new one.
All right, then we're done.
Doesn't he, didn't he get it?
Oh, he didn't call me to say that he got it, but I assume.
Well, I'll fact you it again right now.
One moment please.
Can I say fight, yeah, I'm faxing.
Okay, there you go, Eric.
Now bug off.
A television producer's lawsuit says her former employer fired her after she complained about the company including scriptures inside paycheck envelopes and promoting Bible study at the office.
How do you like that?
Oh, good.
And a lawsuit filed yesterday, Roseanne Sonneborn also alleged WJMK television production president Mark Keeler,
withheld two weeks' severance pay because she wouldn't drop a complaint of religious discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the EEOC.
WJMK attorney Joe Curley said Sonneborn was fired last year because of the slugish economy.
Her claim did not have any merit, Curley, said that'll be proven in court.
WJMK produces secular programs for cable TV, according to the lawsuit, Keeler, a fundamentalist Christian who also owns a Christian TV station, tried to impose his religious beliefs on his employees.
How do you like that?
Sonneborn described in the lawsuit as Jewish and non-religious alleged WJMK employees felt that going along with religious practices like voluntary Bible study sessions would help advance their careers.
Curley said Bible passages the Bulk of Reton company included with its paychecks were Old Testament Proverbs meant to be inspirational and dismissed charges that Keeler was trying to oppose his religious beliefs on employees.
Keeler is a religious person with strong faith and convictions, but there are a number of people who are Jewish who work there as well as other religions Curley said.
How do you like that?
So we don't know who to believe, but nevertheless you believe whatever you like.
Daytono Hyle, see now even the stuff that's coming on the facts machine, it's like all of a sudden we're like in sync with a world again out there.
Yeah, like we're breathing the fresh air again.
So what we've done here is we've been persecuted for over a year on this station because somebody got all paranoid and been out of shape.
Great.
Yeah, that's what it was.
And now we're liberated.
Right.
And what a great transition I think it makes it's the QM transition hour from the morning grumpy old man hour to like some fun, few yucks, lighten it up a little bit.
Don't have to find any scapegoats until they know that somebody doesn't laugh, we won't blame it on Zach, although it could be as well.
Fat Zach.
A judge or an administrator to face trial to sput up plea by the pastors that turning a set his client has been a sex addicts and stage 10 and needs treatment.
Montgomery County, this is in Ohio, common police court judge Michael Holliest, a scheduled Kevin Allen Turner's trial for April number seven.
Turner, 33 former pastor of anchor community church in suburban Trentwood was arrested in July.
After police say he used the internet to arrange that sex with a detective posing as a 14 year old boy.
A grand jury indebted him a charge of attempting to commit unlawful sexual conduct with a minor and import tuning and possession of criminal tools.
He had a criminal tool and he wanted to share it with a 14 year old boy.
He faces up to three years in prison to convicted another good minister, a man of the cloth.
Anyone getting back to the pool result.
Well, she looked off with Catherine Zita, Joe Catherine Bita Jones, not that we want to beta dead horse.
JLo 41, Jennifer Garner from alias 37, Jerry Ryan, 7 out of 9, what does that mean?
Seven and nine.
That's the character she played when she was.
What does that mean?
Dark tribe.
As in who is number six?
She was a cyborg.
Who is number two?
Who's number two?
You are number two.
I think you got a two and right now.
Jerry Ryan had 35 from start direct voyager.
Can all of you cruise 33?
No, no, no, no.
Brad Pitt 31.
He had the most of any of the males in there.
Keep in mind we have a very, very, very overwhelmingly heterosexual male audience out there.
Okay.
Right.
We don't have too many fangs or women out there.
So Brad Pitt was the highest male, which really disturbs me because I mean, you know, what's upon a time?
Like maybe an hour or two ago, he was okay, but now he's old and old meat.
Thirty-one votes for Brad.
Sophia Vergara 24, Lived Tyler 24, Jennifer Connery 24, and Sharon Stone 24, who just turned 84.
Heather Locklear 23, Faith Hill 21.
Jenna Jamison, the porn star, had 20.
See, the problem with porn stars is not too many people know the names anymore like it used to be.
Am I right?
Right.
In the old days, everybody knew everybody's names.
Those are the only ones I know are the old bags.
Tom Brady was tied with Jenna Jamison 20.
I guarantee it's a lot prettier than she is.
Cameradilla's 19, Brooke Burke, Ease Wildon had 19.
Antonio Sabato Jr., whether you won Lazy Eye, had 18.
He did very well.
He's got that one Diane Magnum Eye.
Oh, sorry.
And of course, you know how Diane got that eye?
It never used to be like that.
And the first time she came in a little early and caught Dwight eating ass, that's when her eye kind of like cocked off to the side and never came back again.
She got cocky.
She got cocky.
She got cocky.
Poor Diane.
She's not looking good these days either, you know?
I don't watch that.
I don't see her.
I never watch any of the news, but in channel surfing and now they got my cable all fixed up.
I told her they're the best 18 team broadband, didn't I?
I had a bad installation.
That was the problem.
So for like years, my cable is sucked.
My internet connection was like a spastic at best.
And now it's like lightning.
It's like Greek Jewish lightning now so fast.
Antonio Sabato said at 18.
Natalie Portman, 13.
Selma Hayak, 13.
Denise Richards, 13.
Renee Richards didn't make the cut.
Lucy Liu from Charlie's Angels at 13.
I love that.
I just, every time I say it, I get like excitement.
In fact, doing that 9 to 10 hour this morning, I think was almost like sexual excitement for me.
That's how great.
I felt a 10 o'clock.
It was refreshing.
Right?
It was like a breath of fresh air.
As opposed to sitting down and feeling like, oh, well, I got to like make something out of nothing here.
I got to make like a shathobrion out of a dog crap.
And believe me, if I could do that, I could have made you a lot of shathobrion today because tiny, oh.
What a way to start the day.
The tiny, cut it out.
Soft serve no less.
Oh, Lucy Liu at 13.
Joanne Playlock had a dozen.
Johnny Depp.
Johnny Depp had 11.
We're going to find out from Nadine about Johnny Depp's, you know, affairs.
No.
Private's.
Leah Remini had 10.
Also Jamie Presley had 10.
Christine Aguilar had 10.
Oh, my God.
And you know how much easier it's going to be now?
Every time we went to Christine Aguilar, just go, I said like that.
And we gave the greasiest at 9.
I love that.
I said, Tom Wellinghead ate.
So Enrique Jista was a little bit ahead of Tom Wellinghead.
Jessica Simpson had eight.
You're a good close girlfriend.
She ain't looking that good anymore.
Not that she ever did look that great.
Oh, and now you agree.
When you know, we gave her the over.
She was in this studio.
When I came back from vacation at time and you were raving about what a hot number shot.
You were raving about what a hot number shot.
You were sitting right over there, a crowd of three.
What are you having?
I've only ever said the same thing.
And you weren't even here then, but you were.
Stop nodding up and he'll nod.
You'll agree with anything.
You say crap to your friends.
Because he knows that you can do nothing for him.
Look at that 25 bucks I got him.
You even provided five.
You'll nod up and down.
Say anything.
He'll answer it.
I'll keep making that up.
You can come and he's saying the cap.
He's been wearing that same nasty cap.
In fact, most are going to start talking about him.
He'll be the next non-fashion plate.
Tyra Banks had eight.
Fox News Heather had eight.
Heather Graham.
Oh, he's going to Fox News Heather and Heather Graham.
Each had the eight.
Heather Graham had seven.
Beyonce Noles had seven.
Natasha Hensridge.
From these species movies, from the species movies, had seven.
Nick Lashay, 98 degrees, had seven.
Sorry, Nick.
Now Andrew Shoe, it took us forever to get his name.
Until we let the other Shoe drop.
He was hot for about five minutes there.
When Melrose Place was really, really big back in those days.
Remember those days?
No, you don't.
Because it's a long time ago.
What years was Melrose Place on?
He was big.
He couldn't tell you.
He was one of those preppy New England.
He was pretty good.
Now he's probably really nasty looking.
Andrew Shoe had five.
Monica Balucci had four.
I just want to say that the rest of the show, Monica Balucci,
who probably knows Lou Palucci.
Who Chi Kouchi don't bet on Louie Palucci.
He's ledger from a night's cell on the Patriot Head IV.
I'm not even sure if that's a guy.
But it is.
Yeah.
What we can check.
Hayden Christianson, we're not too sure if he's a guy.
He's got three.
The young adult Darth Vader.
Racial Weiss from the mummy head too.
Marty Halflatte, misspelled by the way
from the Ottawa Senators, had a pair.
And a lot of people want to see him.
And I'm a Campbellhead one.
What a pull yesterday.
Wow.
Man.
1600 and like almost 17,000 votes.
Is Eric Ok now?
Is he got anything in his area for his conference call?
We don't want to interrupt with his busy schedule.
Okay, because we understand he's got a lot of important calls to make a lot of people to bitch out.
26.
And I think Carlos will be the first one.
Got some great bedtime stories for you by the way.
Are they up there yet or not?
They're still working on him.
They're up there.
Good.
Some reaction to last night's speech, which I did not watch.
In fact, our poll today will be about that speech.
Then watch it.
We'll find out.
Worldwide reaction.
What release going on there?
Nukila.
I thought you didn't watch it.
No Miguel gave me a report.
Oh, oh my God.
What watch it?
He'd be sitting there glued to it.
You know, that old bush-licker Miguel.
26 after 10 at 5.60 W.D.Q.
And Pompato Park.
We had great live racing four nights a week.
Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
By the way, next week, starting five nights.
First post time tonight and is 7.15 PM.
Free General Parking, free admission every afternoon evening.
And since it's Wednesday, don't forget everyone's
the Pompato Park is Dollar Night.
You can get a draft beer, hot dog, soda, large pretzel,
or popcorn, only a bucket piece.
Coming up in February, it'll be the big $250,000
Alacopree Pacing Series featuring many of the top horses
in North America racing right here at Pompato Park.
Want to come up for a great evening of horse racing action?
Root Home of Winter from the rail.
Features up to a private boxy down the four floor.
Enjoy Ben and Jerry Hot Fudson.
Your slicer was still a pizza.
And watch Staving your hand coming in somewhere
toward the back of the pack.
Don't forget every Monday, there's got to be Monday,
a Mandice at Pompato Park, two for $25 full-course dinner
specials at their Llamas top of the park restaurant.
In fact, if it keeps going so good, maybe Lou Palucci will come back.
Also a great all you can eat with the fan, the four floor players lounge,
only $10.95 per person every racing night.
And don't forget Market Dow right now, even though it's a few days away.
This coming Monday night, it's that big night that South Florida just
scraps their pants about.
The free spaghetti dinner at Pompato Park, it's coming Monday, February 3rd.
More details to follow soon.
Don't forget live racing four nights a week,
next week starting five nights and full card semolcasting every day,
seven days a week starting at noon with highlight harness and turbidaction
for all over North America.
Pompato Park, great live racing card, the 75th of the night.
Tonight we'll see you there.
We're supporting you 5.60, QAM.
Push, 5.60!
There's an old saying this does boom me once.
Shame on you.
Can't get fooled again.
There won't be a trace.
If we go back this time, we're out of luck.
This season to see rather won't be a damn thing we'll ever find.
He thinks we are more or less idiots.
Thank you, Nick and I, the stuff he's got.
What's the use of searching?
What do we got to gain?
Don't you know you can't try sad, domo-sign?
Oh!
Because we got our face that he's a deceiver.
There won't be a trace.
If we go back this time, we're out of luck.
It's season to see rather won't be a damn thing we'll ever find.
10.33.5.60 WQM, here's the fact that it says,
here's tomorrow's poll for us by the way.
Thank you very, very much.
See, why doesn't the audience give us more ideas for polls?
Because they don't care.
They're lazy, they're lethargic.
What a...
See what I'm talking about him?
He could screw up a wet dream this guy.
I haven't felt this good in years.
I feel good too.
I feel like we're on top of the world.
Like we got the show back.
Like we were taking hostage there for a year.
Hey, you ask a question.
Like we were a prisoner of Greg and the Moe Meister.
And now we've got some momentum going on the show I feel like.
Yeah.
And you're like crapping on our parade.
Here's the video that we're watching here.
Okay.
Just to dispel your disgustingness.
Now, one of the hated you in that poll two days ago.
Since I've thought only has a classic rock station
that plays the same tired, worn out 20 rock songs
and an alternative slash new rock station that plays nothing but crap.
Why not do a poll on favorite rock bands
that should be getting more airplay, but don't?
Huh, yeah.
Who cares about hip hop or solsets?
Is by the way my vote ACDC.
And then an excellent suggestion for tomorrow's poll.
Showed up.
I think it's magnifical, especially a lot of this stupid article
in New Times that I referenced yesterday about the more hip hop,
which is just the last thing we needed.
And King Curry, by the way, says nobody wants to do
what a work for a clear channel.
I'm sorry to be so blunt.
He says, but that's the feeding in the industry right now.
Nobody wants to work for those assholes is what
Kid Curry said.
Always like that, Kid Curry.
He also says kids these days don't need 10,000 songs in a row
with a grim laugh.
They don't need a radio station to tell them what's a hit.
They don't even know power 96.
They don't even need power 96.
He says they are smart enough to download their own favorite
10,000 songs from the internet under with CD.
Oh, oh.
Sunday more than a little conflicted.
He concludes, for radio stations, it's not really
about the music anymore.
It's what happens in between the songs.
That's going to be our motto on this show.
It's what happens in between the songs that counts.
I'm going to be a Roger Show.
Thanks, Kid.
And like he said, who the hell needs power 96?
I don't think he probably wants us to mention that in the air.
But it's in new times.
He said that.
That's not a good thing to be saying.
You know what I'm talking about?
Not a really.
Anyway, here's today's poll before we continue with a lot of good stuff.
The president's state of the union speech was,
I didn't watch it.
So I voted for, I didn't watch it.
You got five choices, six choices.
Did you watch it?
And I'm not talking about seeing like 10 seconds here and there,
which I did.
I mean, in between the smallville and the hockey games and everything else,
I saw like maybe 10 seconds here, 10 seconds over there.
That's it.
Not enough to make a judgment, although I have a feeling.
Anyway, I got 52 votes.
The president's state of the union speech was,
didn't watch it 21.
The usual bullshit, they all do 12.
Pathetic 7, outstanding 6, OK 3 and week 3.
How to 50 to the first 52 votes on today's poll.
Woman convicted of killing Kat and oven.
A Syracuse 52 year old woman faces up to two years in jail after being convicted of choking a cat
and then baking it to death in an oven.
Vaked kitty.
A state Supreme Court jury deliberated over three days before finally agreeing yesterday
in a guilty verdict against Laura and Manning of Syracuse.
Anandaga County assistant district attorney Laura Fierensa said she intended to ask
Justice John Brunetti to impose some jail time as punishment for what Manning did,
sentencing was scheduled for March 14.
She did just and kill the sketch.
She tortured the animal the prosecutor said she baked it alive,
which was very cruel and painful death for the animal.
And she did it intentionally, how do you like that?
Fierensa said she didn't know why Manning did what she did last July 7.
A witness told police he saw Manning choking a cat and carried the animal into her home
and placed it still alive in the oven.
Minutes later, smoking a strong odor came from the apartment,
firefighter's violence, the cat and the oven.
Now what's the name of that bit?
If you fire your cats in Crisco, what's that called?
Cats in Crisco.
But we don't have it.
It's somewhere.
It's somewhere.
Anyway, defense lawyer Auguste Nardone said he was disappointed by the verdict
by the verdict of the fighting Manning guilty of the felony countercruelty.
The animals he said, Manning, seen stunned by the outcome.
The defense of contented Manning wasn't present at the residence when the cat was killed.
Nardone had suggested that I'm going to scoot between Manning and some others
that let somebody else to kill the cat and blame Manning.
Who put the pussy in the oven? That's the question today.
It's only white label best of Neil 92 right behind you there.
Is it right behind me? I don't think so.
Sure it is.
No it's not.
See the shop there.
Great!
Well we'll get that on momentarily.
So that's up to date now we got to find out from the audience what they think
about that 9-10 thing.
Of course it's, you know, premature evaluation just one day.
We're just on top of the world about it here.
And of course what you thought about that president sustained the union last night
and about what we're going to start dropping the bombs and how many times you're going to be hiding out of the bed
and how many instant people are going to die all these things.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
First calls in Margate. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I watched the president you univ.
Adress last night.
I mean, you univ.
Oh this is wondering when are we going to bomb them sand niggers?
Hey Neil.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Wilton Manners. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
I didn't watch the Bush. I was watching our Spartans beat up on the Hoosiers.
Well that's pretty exciting.
And then I watched the Panthers get beat up on them.
Oh that was even less exciting.
Yeah. I like the 9-10 hour more Bob and Tom please.
Okay.
Maybe we'll just put Bob and Tom on from 9-10.
Yeah. Since I don't have a fax, I want to be the first one to put the almond brothers on tomorrow's poll.
Okay. Thank you sir.
Thank you so much. See there already vote on the Mars poll.
I thought that was.
Of course we don't have any calls.
Like I said, the 9-10 hour that thing through the whole show off today.
Don't you feel that way?
No.
Is that what I just said a little while ago?
No.
Call us is nodding and said, sure that's what you said Mr. Infer.
5-670560, pound 560.
See I don't understand these people.
They got no opinion on anything.
How could they not have an opinion on something as significant to all of our lives as that?
And you think they're going to fax you great poll ideas every day?
I didn't say that.
Maybe even mediocre ones every day.
I don't know. I mean I'll decide.
Anything to be good.
I think this one is pretty good.
We already had one suggestion there which I think is phenomenal.
21-11 at 5-60.
They continue being just as lethargic as they want to be.
This place is just a...
It's shocking is what it is.
Shocking.
5-670560, pound 560 on EAT and T in Verizon, wireless line.
I think if we actually went out there with a bull whip and we whipped each and every one of these people out there,
it still wouldn't knock any...
They're just in Lala land.
And you see how immediately it drains the energy.
I feel like I'm being sapped.
I feel like Warren Saap will not be that fat or that dark.
But I feel just like Warren Saap.
They drain the energy out of it.
That's what's wrong with South Florida.
You can be feel like you're on top of the world.
Hey, what do you think?
Eh...
And you can just feel like all of the blood flowing to your toes, you know?
Very sad.
20 before 11 at 5-60 W.
There were a lot of people out there who wouldn't even be able to find their toes.
That's because they're fat.
We got a lot of those people in this building.
Now the beast was one of them.
He's off to a really good start losing over 40 pounds in balance for life.
And you can do the same thing.
And the reason it's so simple is because you don't have to be a genius to figure out how it works.
The zone diet, which it's based on, is extraordinarily complicated.
But the good deal is that our friends over at Balance for Life do all they're figuring for you.
So there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carb counting, no balancing, no nothing.
Just open up your little black sack, which they delivered you door by 6 o'clock every morning.
To your home, your office, wherever you're going to be.
And right in there's all the food you need for the whole day.
And I mean plenty of food.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, and all the food is made with the freshest, the best ingredients.
Nothing frozen, nothing pre-fabricated, nothing much of chemicals in it.
Really great food.
And you choose between two choices for each meal every day that's around a program.
And those are the only decisions you have to make. It's a piece of cake.
So if you want to lose the weight, the delicious and the easy way that it really works like with a beast,
just call Balance for Life and Let them help you do it this year.
Call Balance for Life at 9.5.4.568.3229.
Or check all the details on their website, BalanceForLife.com.
This is Sports 20 or 5cd.
You way up.
The sucks.
If you fry your cats in Crisco,
make them tasty and crispy everywhere.
If you fry your cats in Crisco,
you won't miss them at Picture Everywhere.
All across the nation,
and a moon of our patience grows thin.
All the consternation,
green piece emanation,
say not again.
Not again.
Please do not fry your cats in Crisco.
10.46.568.00WDQM.
See it's already like 11 o'clock.
Oh my god, we're in Heaven, man. We're in Radio Heaven.
We're in a comedy bit Heaven today.
It's part of your right and tempered behavior.
5.670560 here's a lady in Weston. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Good morning.
Good morning, too.
I much appreciate your 9 to 10 hour today.
I like it a little better than 12 to 1.
It's a nice transitional hour.
Yeah.
It looks out very nicely.
I also agree with your first factor today,
who I'm embarrassed by the women in this town
that Tom Welling and Johnny Depp didn't do better
as it's to the most beautiful men I've ever seen.
I mean, why don't they go to get with it?
Brad Pitt, I mean, once upon a time
was an extraordinarily good looking guy,
but he went out with the boy with white bucks.
He's got all that facial hair now.
He looks groxy and yucky.
He doesn't look good anymore.
He looks like Artami in production.
He looks like a freak.
He looks like he smells.
Exactly.
Well, he hasn't seen a bar of coast until last when he dropped.
Well, he's a rock and roller.
I think they're supposed to smell a couple of weeks ago,
three weeks ago or so.
I had a great double treat on,
there was one of those inside the behind specials
with Johnny Depp followed by,
not on the same channel,
but followed by the two-hour episode of Smallville.
It was an emotional experience.
Brad Pitt, I bet you were like a drain for a week after that.
Listen, I felt something welling up inside of me.
Oh, well, that note, have a good day.
And you too, stay away from the produce standard public.
Five.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
That's right, Brad Pitt's old neat, man.
It's a good thing we didn't put Paul Newman on there.
Robert Wagner, guys, used to look good 50 years ago.
We're talking about now.
We had people calling in that.
Remember yesterday, there were some people,
right?
Well, how about, you know, people that used to look good,
like a Vodiric, who just turned 96?
That's not what we're talking about.
We're talking about what would you touch right now?
Of course, a lot of our people out there
would touch anything, if it was like a live or even recently did.
Here's plantation, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That guy who fries the cat, he must be a bacheman,
because he doesn't like pussy.
But in any...
Oh, God.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Man died of a heart attack in Fremont,
somewhere. What else Fremont?
I don't know.
I don't either.
Do it to Coda.
No, this is another Ohio thing,
because it's from the Toledo Blade.
Why is it...
We got somebody out there, where everything's an Ohio person.
Maybe it's Mad Dog, because he's from...
Where is that place?
That place.
Solano, Ohio.
Oh.
Neil and that's word association again.
There was a horse, Solano, picked.
You're gonna buy Joe Mars Jr., by the way.
Trotter.
And every time I want to think of where the Mad Dog is from,
I think of Solano, picked.
I stick my finger in my nose, and I pick a good one.
Solano, Ohio.
A man died of a heart attack during a fight with a friend
over their religious beliefs while they were playing cards early Sunday.
Police said, his friend, a local man, was charged in the death.
Brett Freeman, 38, appeared in Fremont,
he missed me, Missville, Coriesta, and one count,
a voluntary manslaughter in the death of John Sidney,
52, a Fremont, who was a truck driver.
Mr. Sidney was pronounced dead in Fremont Memorial Hospital.
The case was ruled a homicide, presented to Sandusky County,
Grand jury lay yesterday afternoon.
Grand jury findings were not released yet.
The autopsy said Mr. Sidney had a heart attack triggered by the fight.
Police sergeant Jim White said Mr. Freeman and Mr. Sidney got into an argument
that a fist fight while playing cards with six other people about 12, 49 AM.
Sergeant White said they started talking about politics then branched into the discussion about religion.
Witnesses told police, Mr. Freeman punched Mr. Sidney in the face and knocked him to the floor.
Mr. Sidney hit his hand on the Lennonium kitchen floor.
He was unconscious but still breathing when rescue squads arrived.
Authorities said, how do you like that?
God damn it.
Same old stuff.
Then that's like a tiny microcosm of the human race right there.
In fact, that's a microcosm of what we're talking about right now.
All the stuff that's going on the world right now.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello?
Any allow you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I asked you sat through the hour and three minutes of the presidential speech.
And my opinion, I think he did throw out a few topics.
And I think he was pandering that everybody was like, I think that.
But isn't that usually the case with every president of the state of the union
the speech is they should just dispense with it because it's like, here's a little something for you guys.
Here's a little something for everybody else.
And just everybody stands up in applause.
Well, I know, but here's an example.
When Clinton was in office, a lot of the, I've lost to the speech was, you know, a lot of guys,
you know, because it was all uniform stuff of Dwendolin.
When Clinton got into the actual need of the speech, it was a clear divide.
I mean, the Republicans were actually pulling stuff like that.
Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's very true.
When, when, when, and a Democrat's reclined, this one I found it to be,
it was almost like everyone was just kind of a kitchen butt, you know, like, oh, okay.
You know, you're a wonderful guy. I want to keep it up.
And I found that both parties lacked real fire for topics.
And it just seemed so a lot of...
Well, that's probably because, that's probably because the economy is doing so well
and because the world is safe from all these terrorists, and we don't have to worry about any crap going on.
And because Tom Riggs makes us all feel so insecure now that they give another title.
I don't, I don't think that's the case.
I just don't, I don't see a fire in any of the politicians that are out there.
I mean, to me it's like we need the, the white to slate with everyone who's there
and just bring in a whole new...
I don't know, I think we need to break up with it.
White, white, clean, wipe it out clean.
Oh, please.
Okay, thanks.
It's all a fun way.
The guy who was cooking the, the cooking the cat should go to jail.
But...
Okay.
Wasn't the guy first of all. But anyway, maybe it was a guy.
Maybe her neighbor was the guy.
Do we really know the answer?
And we really don't care.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Dear Field Beach.
Hello?
566705...
Dear Palm Beach, yes sir.
Yeah, I read the story about the cat and the oven.
I heard the cat was Jewish.
Yeah.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T.
They're really with that...
They start 100 days a day.
Like I said, that's right.
I forgot about that momentarily.
We were in just too bit of a mood.
And then all of a sudden, here they all come.
Man, with their pointed hats, I'm the one who worked out of their clothes.
You should have told them we were in a good mood.
But we're really pissed off. I'll tell you that.
We're in a really crappy mood, all right?
See, we're using reverse psychology because...
Pistols gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello?
Hey, me, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, maybe you can do a poll on...
...reason of the fly, I don't call a meal.
Yeah.
Maybe a whole time is too long or it's just stuff like that.
I don't know.
On the presidential thing, I wish he was on every night.
Because that way I can fall asleep a lot quicker.
Okay.
Did you notice that he keep calling Iraq?
I didn't know why Iraq.
He said, I ran this fastest I can.
Well, he said, the nation of Iraq, but the people who live there are Armenians, not Iraqis or...
...Iranians?
Yeah.
Is it the person who lives in Iraq and Iraqi?
Not in Iraq.
560560, pound 560 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
President of the Union speech last night was, we got 160 votes.
Didn't watch it 54.
The usual bullshmit they all do 46.
There's 100 right there.
Outstanding 22.
Pathetic 21.
Okay, 11 and week 6.
That's the...gammon.
No interest in our 9 to 10 hour.
What?
So basically, no, we had two.
We had one fax in them on call.
So basically, what we're going to do, whatever we want to do.
Whatever makes us happy.
Because we had a lot of people out there who'd number one, don't give a crap.
Number two won't say anything.
And number three, don't want us to be happy.
As if we really give a crap about morons with pointed hats who call radio talk shows.
From the MMMM-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m
You got the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the
mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor of the mayor
of the Mayor of the mayor we hear
Smith became angry when the cookie she wanted wasn't available.
But then pick up a two-pound box of tissue wrappers and hurl it out the clerk.
The clerk's glasses broke when the box struck her in the push causing minor injuries.
Smith then went around the counter and parsed the clerk.
She didn't have her macadamie not cookie.
Smith said the clerk started the confrontation with verbal insults.
It's upsetting because she started the whole thing and said, come on, that's fight.
She proceeded to go around the cabinet or behind the counter.
I just met her at the door.
And knocked her to the floor and gave her what for.
I like that.
Man, over a macadamie.
Although you know something, I think it sounds pretty good.
Macadamie chocolate chip cookie.
You know what I'm doing in the floor right now?
It's sad.
What I've been saying yesterday.
No, no.
I'm a head of spread.
No, no, no.
A whole weight-bread cheese sandwich with onions and bacon.
What are you laughing about?
You don't think that sounds good?
That sounds wonderful.
I'm going to tell you that cheese sandwich I had yesterday since we had a great, the good
time, the good mood really started yesterday morning because Mo was out sick.
And so Gelly was out in the hall during the breaks and even the rest of the time on the show
was supposed to be on.
He's flinting around in a hallway and everybody's having a good time to bring it in just tons of
food and nobody was saying, oh, a lot of it isn't for me.
I'm not eating it.
In fact, if it isn't for us, we're going to grab it.
We don't care who it's for.
And it was fat, Zach bouncing around in a hallway, but not sick.
Watch your back, Zach.
He is right on the edge now.
After that disgraceful story he put on the air yesterday about they once did intro-acman, that was
it a disgrace.
We don't need to be putting that kind of crap on the air on his station.
And so he took some crap about that.
This is what I'm hearing down the hallway.
But we had such a great time because there wasn't that horrible air.
You know what I mean?
The dark cloud.
The dark cloud that hangs in this building between six and nine in the morning.
The one good thing I'll say is I think he high-tails it on here real quick.
At least by ten we're safe.
By the time we finish with our nine to ten comedy bit-hour, we're safe.
And then all of a sudden, look at the difference in how I even sound.
I can hear it myself.
I sound like a free human being today.
Like I've been liberated.
Freed from that dark cloud that's been hanging over our heads.
I don't want to be around it no more.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
289 votes already.
The president's union speech was, didn't watch it 98 over a third.
You turned.
Abust didn't watch it, including me.
He's got nothing to say that I want to hear.
So maybe goodbye.
The usual bullshit that they all do 77.
Outstanding 45.
Pathetic 37.
Okay, it was 19.
And week 13.
So if you go outstanding and okay, it was like 22%.
Which means 78% either didn't watch it or thought it was really the usual crap.
Swill.
Teacher Su's over her rest for giving back Pock to student.
We'll get to that.
We'll talk about that as they say.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Happy hanging, Ginder.
Okay.
More hanging to the right.
We're here.
Okay.
Put your teeth back in a glass.
Okay, Pops, that ain't helping.
Good God.
And by the way, Freed spaghetti dinner at Pompidopark.
Next Monday, I'll see you there Monday night.
He's calling probably from Winmore.
Welcome to South Florida, ladies and gentlemen.
The average age is death plus 50.
Yesterday was lunch at Mommy's.
Nice lunch, by the way.
Mommy's very, very good for a change.
No paprika, no hemorrhage.
But you know, you think the driving is like bad in general?
Have you ever driven on, you know where my mother lives?
Have you ever driven on sterling road in that area?
Yeah.
Oh, and you're still alive?
You don't know anything.
You should drive it on a Saturday.
Yeah.
When the cops stop all traffic because tempo is in session.
See, there he goes again with the levels anti-stomantic remarks.
And so the traffic is all over the world.
And the weight is a beach and then in the other direction.
Well, guess what?
Someday you'll be old and decrepit too, Mr.
and you'll be sitting on four phone books.
I'll come over to steering wheel like Bob Mayor.
What do you mean, Someday?
My mother sits on phone books in her car.
She's still driving by the other side right now.
And quite frankly, yeah, mom, is it a short stack?
Probably from our friends at Dunkin' Donuts.
We miss them badly.
We miss the good old days.
Well, this place used to be so different.
And I think we've just by accident, we fell into a bucket of crap.
With that 9 to 10 comedy bit hour.
Now, why the hell did I do that?
What was the reason?
I don't know.
Just an idea.
Just a whim.
It was just a whim.
Just another one of my brain storms.
They just hit me like a lightning bolt.
Yeah, just out of the blue.
Because we were talking about starting the show.
Because then I would 10 hours sucks anyway.
We hate the 9 to 10 hours.
It was forced into upon us.
We didn't want any part of that crap.
That's Greg again trying to goose up, trying to use his franchise to goose up other day parts.
Chamon you, Greg.
Chamon you.
Oh, it's George's got his new contract.
Now is it Donnerd?
You just see it.
No, no, no.
He's just reading it.
Now, how come you wait until now to tell us about this?
Huh?
I told you this morning.
I'm not talking about me.
I'm talking about the vast audience and all your fan out there in the audience.
Oh, they don't care.
Well, some of them of course are blowing their brains out.
Because that means you might be here a little bit longer.
A little bit.
Yeah.
Until they tie.
So George is going to be filling in for me when I, you know, I'm not here on certain days like maybe tomorrow might be a good day.
That sounds good to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
I'm going to do what time jiky wrote.
I'm just going to like crawl in from around the world at my whim and you do the show.
You get much younger demographics anyway.
They like you better.
You're head roastsionally want to talk to about all these hot things.
Oh, yeah.
All these chicks with whatever they got.
Right.
Whatever they got.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Sensational.
Yeah, I know you didn't watch this.
Did it.
You need to dress well.
I did not.
I watched it and I have some points that I saw.
I know you was talking about the economy and health care and all that.
But he talked about the war on terror.
And you know, he said that we're winning the war against terrorists along fight for winning the war.
But then when you talked about Iraq, he gave an ultimatum to Saddam Hussein.
Well, at least it seemed like to me, you know, he was talking about all the chemical weapons that he has.
How he just thumbs his nose out.
The one that we can't find, right?
Well, basically, and then he looked right into the camp like straight ahead and he told Saddam he goes,
Mama, me, Lafini.
5, 6, 7, 0.
05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
And for us in wireless life, you know something if I would have known if he did do that and I would have known he was going to watch it.
If he was going to say what he just said, which we had to dump.
Well, we didn't have to, but I just felt like doing it.
You want to know why?
Why?
It's for them.
Hey, don't forget, join George for Happy Hour.
Do I want to hear that crowd?
5 to 7 at Treasure Island located off the palm at a just north of the 120-second street exit.
Stop by for drinks, specials, prizes.
And when tickets to see the scorpions in concert at the anxious,
Krollskayanthethy around the 31st, hope it doesn't rain then by the way.
You won't believe how easy it is to win.
So, yes, those tickets, man, you only have to spin the wheel.
That's right.
You only have to eat the wheel.
That's right.
You'll have to win them.
We'll be winning.
What do you mean by that?
I don't understand.
I thought you'd tell me you always have a good crowd at Treasure Island.
Oh, no, the crowds decent just not a lot of interest for those tickets.
You mean they don't want to see the scorpions?
And I can't.
Or they just want to go to the Krollskayanthethy and get Panamonia?
They don't want to see the white snake?
Oh, or docket.
I'd like to see the white snake.
Where is Tom Brady now?
26 past 11.
By the way, Troy Ackman is not coming to the dolphins and we want to excoriate the worst morning show for like Spur and all those.
We got a little bit of ink in the papers about that.
If I was a fan, you know, they mentioned our callators.
I think that was good going.
Nice going, guys.
Don't pay attention to what's his name.
Well, funny, Dutty.
Another day's gone by.
You're still underpaid and stuck in a really crappy job.
A lot of you guys out there.
If you're really looking for a high-paying career, quit waiting, call Fast Train, toll-free at 1-866-Fast Train.
If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to a new high-paying job by April.
How come she was not there?
Overt Levine.
Yes, if you can commit three nights a week, Fast Train can have you certified as a computer professional by April.
Call Fast Train, toll-free at 1-866-Fast Train.
They offer a job placement, easy financing, day, night, and weekend classes.
They got four convenient locations.
They're in Miami.
Kendall, Pember Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
Just one simple call you'll be on your way to New York's sighting career.
You can kiss, goodbye, or a crappy job, and your asshole boss.
Pick up the phone to call Fast Train right now.
1-866-Fast Train or check them out on their way at fastrain.com.
When you call, be sure and tell them that the most anxious Todd Direct will need to call.
My life and love, this is 4205 City.
You weigh 2A.
And a whole new year.
I'm not surprised, if you know me, then I try to force Paul Jones to the f**k with me.
I'm not a pervert.
I'm not your moral role.
I'm just a president of Ica-Lynn Warro.
So on your knees now, that's an order.
You can only walk the love and style of the border.
You ain't it a fly, can make you cover.
The Mandarin cheeks like the younger one.
I just want to get some Malaysia.
I kiss me nice and low.
Oh oh oh, Malaysia.
Oh baby yeah.
Uh oh, so what I like?
Oh oh oh my goodness.
Maybe we're from the marijuana
then I'll show you my mixing prana
about the blast off like the follow
to make the afterwards bitter and swallow.
I just want to get some Malaysia.
The president wants to blow.
Oh oh oh, Malaysia.
I just want to get some Malaysia.
So maybe I could blow.
Oh oh oh, Malaysia.
Oh oh oh, Malaysia.
Oh oh oh, Malaysia.
Oh oh oh, what does he say?
Oh oh oh, Malaysia.
27.
I'll know in 560 WQM.
It was a very grotesque one that's supposed to be
because there's a president.
We couldn't say blow job, but it's okay.
We're gonna blow up the world.
That's okay.
He blow, but can we care about your blow stuff?
Sex bad.
That's it.
How come Nancy Pelosi was twirling and chuckling
in last night?
You see that?
Because Bruce Baxes says that anybody mentioned
in the president's use of the word nuclear
several times last night, nuclear.
I swear, I swear each time they panned a gallery.
I noticed the foreign contingency snickering.
And I saw Nancy Pelosi.
I just saw them show their clip on CNN.
I didn't turn off the audio before to show this one.
But she was snickering.
In other words, it was one of those speeches, I guess,
where you know whether to laugh or cry.
So it's a little bit of beach.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Here's a new proposed lineup for QAmen in morning.
6.9 AM, posts.
Moe Howard and Gildi.
Everyday guests, won from a little Havana fish.
Shelley, Jamaica, Paul, David Mark DeJets,
fans and Richie from Borsehead.
I thought it was a new lap.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Almost no input on our 9 to 10 hour, which, you know,
maybe they didn't hear it.
Maybe they didn't see all those billboards promoting the hottest hour in town now.
The 9 to 10 comedy bits hour.
The transition hour.
Did everybody do a great move for the whole day to set the tone, you know?
For those people who didn't like the tone ordinarily, we're improving the tone.
If you listen very carefully, you can hear it.
Hear it?
Yeah, that's our tone.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can't hear you.
Are you like Mumbling or is it the bad phone?
Do you hear me?
There you go.
All right.
Two things.
One, I missed.
I got late.
What happened 9 to 10?
You got a new format?
Probably played the, you know, Wednesdays we've been doing the comedy bits from noon to one.
Yeah.
So we moved it from 9 to 10, which we're thinking about doing every day.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
Don't forget.
Okay.
The second thing is...
I mean, you didn't hear it.
I know, but I know the comedy bit part.
Okay.
Like bedtime stories, right?
No, not bedtime stories.
Comedy bit, I know.
Like, you know, the thing with Mull and the rest.
That's the only hilarious one is the thing with Mull.
Well, we had a whole bunch of Mull.
You loved it.
Go ahead.
The second thing is...
I lived here a short time, but...
What was the hard I had for the president?
What does that mean?
I mean, you know, every time he's...
I mean, let me ask you this.
Do I have to like him?
No, I'm just asking a question.
Why do you have to like him?
I think you want me to describe very simply...
Without getting hysterical, without getting argumentative,
let me give you one word that describes how I feel about him.
M-O-R-O-N.
Okay.
That's Mull.
I can't even talk about that.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560.
Do you think he got the message?
He chuckled, I think he got it.
That sums it up.
M-O-R-O-N.
Only in this case a very dangerous one.
See, that's what's the description.
What do you like about him?
Oh, for this guy.
Ask me tomorrow.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560 on a 18- and 10 for Rise and Wireless Line.
Mad Dog coming up at one hand from the Triple A arena.
That's three o'clock this afternoon.
Here's Halemdale.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I am away from my computer today,
but I wanted to say that the President's speech last night was pretty good.
I'll give you a couple points then.
So let you think about it.
Okay.
One was that he boosted AIDS funding for Africa.
He's tripling the amount of money that they're spending over there.
And he mentioned that it's an active nature,
and that they're going to help try to fight it.
And a lot of times you hear some kind of wacko Christians say that some kind of wrath of God
and all that for homosexuals are doing.
Now let me ask you this.
They also are going to send a bunch of people over there to teach them about, you know,
not using condoms and doing all these terrible things.
I don't know about the details in that.
I think this money was for drug treatment to help them with those that have the HIV virus.
So that particular point I felt was pretty good.
Yeah.
And then also what about funding AIDS research here?
Did he say anything about that?
Well, that is ongoing.
I mean, there's billions of dollars to get spent from pharmaceutical companies,
the federal government, a different health and human service department.
Is that why they tried to stick jury Thacker on the AIDS commission?
You were a couple of weeks ago, and then when everybody found out where he was coming from,
they ran away from him like he was poison on the AIDS commission?
I'm not sure about that particular person, but I think that that particular point
with the...
What about the HIV plague?
Well, see that's why he made the point that it's an active nature.
So I think that was pretty good.
I think he laid out the case for Iraq that these weapons that they say has
were documented back about four years ago and they're unaccounted for, and that's the big problem.
Let me ask you this.
If the DEA raided your house looking for drugs, okay?
And they couldn't find any.
And they said, we're positive you had them, but we're sure you flushed them down the toilet
or threw them in the dumpster six months ago.
So we're going to throw your ass in jail.
See, in other words, how can you condemn somebody for something you can't find?
If you say, well, I destroyed them, I threw them out, I never had one.
Whatever you say.
If you can't...
In other words, he's got to catch 22 here.
Like I said before, if they find stuff, then we're going to blow them to bits.
If they don't find stuff, then they're going to say, well, they're lying about it.
They're hiding it.
Well, I think that with Iraq, that's not a good analogy because this is something that
everybody in the world agrees that he had all these chemical weapons.
Everybody in the world agrees with that.
And how come...
Most of the world doesn't want us to go in there.
France is agreed with the Germany Alliance.
France is a Germany who are two of the leading opponents of bombing Iraq.
There is a war for reaction.
There is a war for reaction, but they acknowledge his weapons.
They just don't want war to resolve it.
They acknowledge that he has them.
Yeah.
But I enjoy your show and just real quickly as an Assad, you say I travel all over on the state
and I can hear you up through Winter Haven and Melbourne.
It's terrific.
All right.
Thanks for the lot.
Hi, my man.
Okay.
56670560.560 only AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
See we can agree to disagree with that guy and I.
Without getting all bent out of shape and nasty,
like George has a tendency of doing.
Let's see, high-neeled Bush set last night.
Too many Americans in search of treatment for legal drugs.
Can I get it?
So now I propose a new $60 million program
to help an additional $300,000 Americans.
Oh yeah, what does that mean?
He says I did the math that turns out
to $200,000 per person.
Chris says you should have heard him try to say the word peninsula.
Oh, I sure hope he didn't say penis.
You know, all those Christian fundamental is very upset
and excited too.
If you would have said penis last night.
Do you say that?
Couple of times?
56670560.560.
No response.
We had those two.
That's the end of the other guy.
I said it sucked.
That other one.
The one that was giving me crap
because of the fact that I said Bush is an MOR.
Whatever I said.
M-O-R-O-N.
And dangerous.
20 till noon.
See, I don't understand.
If he wasn't all that dangerous five or six years ago,
why is he all that dangerous now?
And how come North Korea is not our immediate head list?
When we know they got news in their bragging about it.
And they certainly are far more.
They're not third world.
They're 50th world North Korea.
They're just bragging about them.
They're waving them around.
He'll drag makes Sodom who's saying look like a Sunday school
preacher.
Or maybe not that dangerous.
Communists.
Remember the communist bad.
Right.
How come that's not they bad?
Right.
Why not anymore?
Because we're remember what Martha Stewart said.
I want to concentrate on my salad.
Chicken.
I want to concentrate on my salad.
Don't start obfuscating here.
Don't try to change the subject.
In addition, which does North Korea have any oil?
Well, no, they got.
OK, that's it.
I'm sorry.
20 till noon at 5.60 W.D.Q.
I'm hey, if you avoid everybody else.
If you stay in the house all day long
because you got an ugly bald spot.
And the hair just keeps falling out of the clumps.
Here's the answer for you.
Don't be like a hermit.
Be like a social butterfly.
And get yourself a great looking head
of hair from our friend Charles Alfieery.
In business for over 25 years,
Charlie's got the latest technology.
And the best looking system in the world,
they call it the natural hairline system.
Why do they call it that?
Because it looks natural.
In other words, like the hair is really going
out of your scalp, that natural hairline.
As opposed to like some barnyard animal
crawled up on your neck, jumped up on top of your head
and just croaked right on top.
They're like a muskrat.
Forget about that.
Call today.
Take advantage of your $200 meal margins.
Disgup.
Just call tool for you 1-800-3214-13.
And there's no obligation.
They'll give you a free consultation.
And Charlie will sit you down and show you
just how much better and younger and natural
you can look again better than you ever thought you would.
And you've got nothing to lose but the bald spot
because you've got that 30-day guarantee
he gives to everybody.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting laid like at least every hour
on the hour when Big Ben strikes one,
Charlie gives you a full refund.
So like I always tell you,
you've got nothing to lose but that ugly,
grotesque bald spot.
Like Brooker Brian, for example,
who's got a bald spot from here to Montana.
Call 1-800-321.
Oh, that's what I heard.
Joe Montana's playing quarterback for the dolphin.
That's an rumor, rumor, rumor, we're starting.
1-800-3214-13.
1-800-3214-13 or log onto their website at CharlesAlvieri.com.
Find a look on this.
He's five-six-six.
The radio's on your side.
He's a huge.
Yo, yo, let's rate four.
Radio Big Shot.
All right.
That's how we pass the time away
in the gay old J.A.L.O.R.S.
Did you see all ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's more exciting.
Sure.
Good luck with it, yes.
Wake your back to the fact that you're going to wait for more.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Paso The
There's a lot of fat pretuces on you?
That's right. What the fuck?
That's right. What the fuck?
That's right. What the fuck?
For you won't wait for mono-mono-Mono-Mono-Futo-Mono-Mono Rest繼 band
What the fuck?
Huah!
What you gotta do?
Rado..
Ugh, grgoodie, all that Dlo bai don't understand, you can meet from my trot, while You is in both indiairedness.
That treat Aaphats, you made a raining school!
You would just like playing in!
The street agent appears!
Badass out big fort.
That's right, punch it back!
That's where you won't wait for more!
No more, no more, no more!
That's where you won't wait for more!
Listen what we said!
That's where you won't wait for more!
No more, no more, no more!
No more, no more!
That's where you won't wait for more!
No more!
Who are you?
You lucky enough to have got here!
I know one more time in your life!
Who are you?
Hortingleoon!
560 WQM!
Hey Zack!
Watch it!
He lost control of his Jeep on Monday evening after another car suddenly turned in front of him.
Thompson's Jeep, oh by the way I don't want to be destroyed because I was just told it.
Talking about a Jeep, there was a dead man in a Jeep on the road yesterday.
I'm trying to think of where the hell I was.
I was going home from Mommy's house.
That's where I was going on a steering road.
You make the left on 440W, going to I-595.
There's a little black Jeep with a dead man in the driving.
He's in front of me, makes the turn.
The left turner must have been going about 3 miles an hour max.
Now I'm like there's two left turn lanes there so it's difficult.
You have to get clearance to get by him.
I go around him on the right and I purposely slammed on my brakes so I could look and see what it was,
what creature was behind the wheel.
This was a man who had to be at least 600.
He made an athusa look like a child, like an infant.
That's the area we're talking about, man.
Hollywood.
Oh yeah, and Tiz the season by the way.
Oh yeah, it is.
Now this was not a frog.
This was one of our South Florida, one of our real staples.
The point is it's bad on any given day but then these days.
Oh!
How's that pool coming in which I didn't watch it?
Nobody here watched it?
He watched it.
I wonder if it looks so depressed or that's his usual depressed look.
President of the Union address didn't watch it in 123-34.4%.
We had more important fish to fry like smallville.
The usual bullshit they all do 95.
Outstanding 53, 14.28% said it was outstanding.
Pathetic 47, okay 24 and week 15.
How come if the French and the Germans are saying all the same things about this?
He's got that.
How come they're not ready to go into war and kill a whole bunch of people yet?
You don't think it's because he's had the same stuff, most of which we provided for him by the way back in the 80s.
How come they're not ready to go to war and kill all kinds of their own people
and our people and their people and your people because they are French and German oil companies that are going to be profiting.
Oh! I see.
5670560, like I said North Korea don't have no oil.
So those evil doers we can put on the back burner for a while.
Who cares what those slopes do anyway?
You know, I guess it must be because you just signed the new contract that you said that.
Would you like to retract what you just said?
Here's a call from Weston. Hello, too late. Weston.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Great. Never better sir, like Amanda Oaks says.
I hear you, man. I've watched...I missed a book a couple hours ago if you showed this morning, so I've said someone already brought this up. I apologize.
But, um, did you see your old friend Caprita on the shield last night?
No.
You watched the shield?
I never...no, I never seen it once. Do you see the shield?
I saw it. I didn't spot him.
So now I have to watch it again.
He actually had a decent sized part.
And to top it off, he got in the front.
And a decent sized piece, too.
I heard it was like a Jimmy Dean sausage, but anyway.
I wouldn't know.
I don't want to know either. Believe me. Go ahead.
No, he got to get punched in the face last night by the star of the show Michael Checklist.
Oh, right.
It was an admirable performance by Mr. Caprita.
By a good post-personal friend.
Yeah, if you get a chance to watch it.
That means he won't be calling me for money anytime soon. That's the best news I've heard in a long time.
I thought he sold all of you money.
No, that's Stan Major you're thinking about.
Okay, and then Larry King.
Okay, have a great day. You're out of material.
Long me first, it all.
In fact, you know something?
We could put the two of them together. Stan and Dave Caprita.
Check it out.
Woke up at 2 p.m.
Face down in a gutter.
My mouth tasted like mong.
My brain was like butter.
Crawled up on my feet and brushed myself off.
Little for stoke.
Yeah, started to cough.
Reached in my pocket.
Pulled out my trusty AM radio.
Got ready for the evening with a Stan Major show.
Oh, yeah. Got ready for the evening.
Like I said, here's a fast from Bensoo says.
I thought the night at 10 hour was great.
It's a nice way to start to show off, especially following Moan is chronic eight.
Yeah, I like that.
And my photos keep doing it.
On a side note, it was good to see Old Eocon made the all-star team, even though somebody had a good hurt.
Now, actually, nobody did have to get hurt because Sakokuo has always got like medical.
He's got exams because he had that stomach cancer.
So he's got all these examinations.
He's got to go through.
Plus, nobody wants to play the game anyway.
So that's why Old E got in there.
Pretty nice to game last night.
Hey, Montreal six, your panthers three.
Says, me, Lon, he do not make me to steal a joke.
Well, you know something I don't really care.
I don't care about the Western conferences.
They still play.
Tell your responses to have a Mohawar David's Hill, where the interest rate is always the same as Mo's ratings number.
Didn't watch the president's speech.
I hear enough lies at my job.
Says, Vince.
Thank you, Vince.
Vince the hockey fan.
He's the one.
Don't forget the all-star game this week.
Anybody interested?
No.
It's sold out.
When it down, it's going to be sold out.
You're going to be the arch-enial.
No.
Wait until next Wednesday.
The Maple Leafs and the Panthers.
These are in a coma and a swoon, which is usually what happens right before they come down here.
And a guy that sits in front of me with a dark black hair and is nice to look quiet kid.
Take a message from your kid.
Your kid behaves real well.
He's quiet.
He sits there looking forward watching the game.
Now, it's sitting sideways looking back, yanteying with me during the whole game.
I'm not interested in the Yanta routine, okay?
I do the Yanta routine here from like 10 to 1.
What are you laughing about?
We used to do it nine times.
No, nine to 10.
We just have the comedy bits.
Everybody is pleased, okay?
Response from the audience is as usual.
They never ever fail to let you down.
They never fail to fail.
They never fail to fail.
Kind of like a president.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I'm A.
Yes, sir.
A little bit on your 9 to 10 hour.
Yes, sir.
It's enjoyable, but I prefer that you stick with the poles because that's going to kill you in the end.
Quicker.
Jackass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and the unpredictable guy.
Was that who that was?
Oh, stick with the poles.
What else does a pole have to do with the 9?
Don't confuse him with the facts.
It has nothing to do with anything other than give an opportunity to say Jackass.
Okay, well that's yours pretty popular.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
You're looking afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Mine is 7 minutes.
The president last night was, I tried to watch him, I usually can't stand watching him for more than a few minutes.
And of course, after two minutes he started giving his speech and there's claps about every 30 or 40 seconds to turn it off.
When he was appointed by the Supreme Court as president, he was thinking to the people who say when he had his right hand up.
This has been his goal from the get go.
Yeah.
I mean, the North Korean people are way worse off than the Iraqi people, but I guess since we don't have a hose to plug in over there, we're, you know.
Well, keep in mind it's like, you know, Daddy Bush and all his cronies all over him, you know, Wolfowitz and Pearl and...
This is his personal agenda.
Rummy, that whole crown.
Another thing is, did you see Passes yesterday?
Sure did.
Okay.
The only difference being I see the one that's today ahead of what you see on the dish.
Right.
I've never seen it before.
Was he, was Miguel the one that was standing behind a Hispanic lady who was going on and on about her son and some kind of medicine?
Right.
Okay.
I'm a team player.
I'm on your team.
Yeah.
And boy, he gets my vote.
Oh, the winner right there.
Okay.
Let me ask you one more thing.
You're like a hop over me to get to Miguel.
Yes, sir.
Right.
I'm already there.
A few years ago, and were you playing all the bits about a month or so ago?
Yeah.
There was something, maybe it was still Henry, but Macon on the Lord.
Macon at my boy.
Oh, my boy.
Is that something that I could find in your website?
No.
No.
Funny.
Funny.
All you can eat Negro.
Okay, have a great day, Pat.
Thanks, sir.
And keep hands off Miguel.
If you want to think he'd be really interested in since he just knew that show is the more close Miguel takes off the better he looked.
You know people like that.
Yes.
The more close he took, now some people like Tom Wellington more close he takes off.
We say, now, nice for a face Tom, but that's about it.
Nice head job.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and provides the wireless line.
Oh, me hoe.
What are we going to do, me hoe?
You're what?
Me hoe.
Me, huh?
Me hoe.
You hoe.
She's a toot that Pilar.
She's a panic.
It's starting to get really good again, Pat.
And just when we thought it was like,
a little while after Timmy died after he bit the dust started going down a little bit.
And now it's going back up time again.
It's kind of like this show.
You know when I was on vacation there for a couple of weeks.
Just a joke George, you got the new contract now.
Everything is fine.
You're making a whole bunch of nasty comments in there again, just like usual.
You can tell he's got his contract signed.
Gonna start picking on Moe on the year now.
Gonna grow a big, big pair.
The president of the union speech was, how many votes we got on there now?
Look at that.
379?
A shocker.
Didn't watch it.
129.
The usual bullshit.
Just change it again.
I hate that.
132 said it was, didn't watch it.
34.2%.
The usual bullshit they all do.
102.
Outstanding 57.
Pathetic 50.
OK, 29 and week 15.
I don't even know why they do that, Steve.
It's always the same.
Ladies and gentlemen, the president, they're all climbing over 10 minutes.
And then the speaker of the house gets up.
He bangs the kettle.
Ladies and gentlemen, the president, they do it all over again.
Right.
I've always wondered that.
And he stands up with that bewildered look on his face, like, you know, he has no idea what side is up.
Somebody made a great comment, a cost of comment about him the other day.
I was at Paul Begalla, he's talking about the French and making an extraordinary comments,
because they don't want to join us in our efforts.
And he said he wouldn't know where to find France on the map.
And I thought this is on cable network television.
That's somebody's actually saying that.
The truth.
1.57 at 5.60 W.Q.
Our big, all-comedy bit soon, and one hour's gone.
Oh, that's right, I forgot. We already did that.
Well, something to think about.
Book ends.
I'm doing more.
You can't have a sandwich without the bread on both sides of the meat.
I'll tell you one thing.
If your carpet is in bad shape, oh, my little dog, you know, in his final days,
he's kind of like having some problems.
You know what I'm talking about?
Soft serve problems.
If your carpeting is taken to be because of your kids and your dogs and you and everybody else,
here's the answer for you.
Call our good friends and drive concepts and say,
Mahaya, it's a miracle to talk about these people because they really are
miracle workers in your home.
Whether it's your carpeting or expensive area rugs, your drapes, your furniture,
whatever the hell they do, a spectacular job of drive cleaning all of these things.
Nobody else does it.
And believe me, you'll see and smell and feel the difference.
Because when they leave, everything is sparkling just like brand new.
No matter how hopeless it looks right now.
And there are no ripoffs, no games, no scams.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work.
Call a 1-800-248-5071.
Use them once and that's my job is finished because you'll never have to call anybody else again.
You never dream of calling anybody else.
1-800-248-5071 or you can check them out on the web if you like it.
Drive Concepts.com.
Drive Concepts clean today, entertain tonight.
Not just the slogan, it's their business.
We are Sports Radio 560, UAM.
Got to stick your spoon at the light.
Don't worry, it's not gonna break.
Time to die, time to sleep in the past.
Make me cry.
I'm gonna go and do it for you in three-tenth minutes.
I gotta go and take this con, damn bag.
Hey, where are you?
My name is Carlos.
There, we'll get your ass out of that sink.
I gotta wash these H-pots off my head.
Okay, I promise I will.
What are you doing in there anyway?
I am washing my balls.
We'll get out of there now.
Okay, I promise I will.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I kinda like the way your balls are floating there.
Oh, that hardware in your face, kind of a sexy.
I like that hole in your nose.
Yeah, he's from the past.
No, you are a very bad man.
You're not my type.
I can give you a dollar.
Okay.
Here you go.
Hey, let me get you a hand washing your balls.
No, leave me alone.
I will not be your bitch.
Come on, now, come on.
Now, come with me.
You'll get used to it.
Please, I have no body in my mother's house.
Not a secret luxury.
I'll give you another dollar.
Okay.
I'll give you another dollar.
Yeah, ow.
What do you got down there?
Some kind of me, granddad?
I can't promise I will.
Oh, I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
David's going to say,
I didn't get out of my genitals.
David's going to say,
It's going to be Seagom.
The Seagom.
Where are you from?
It's into the Amazon area.
not like the they were going to be giving these drugs to them they were going to
be getting up the patent rights for these countries to manufacture themselves
so that the losses these drug companies claim are really just losses of
potential sales it's a totally rigged money game
it's called the inability to continue gouging that's exactly correct and
the drug companies don't really pay for this research
because all of these drug companies research investments are tax deductible
so essentially they don't pay taxes on their billions of dollars of profit
and then they claim that they are putting millions and millions of dollars into
research which is tax deductible now i agree that it should be tax deductible
but for them to claim that they put in billions and billions of dollars of their
own money into research when it is all tax deductible is ludicrous
and then onto the weapons of mass destruction argument if you go for a
peruse the new york times this morning one of the front page articles reports
that the cia and the ns a has no evidence of a rack weapons of mass destruction
programs now they might have some residual products laying around that we
haven't find that they found that they're not declaring but they have no
active programs how could they possibly have active programs with a level of
surveillance and the u-n and the international tomicay energy agency
in there
howling them so i'm just here forgetting he's an evil door and he tried to kill
daddy well uh... i watched that speech last night and i could not believe
the response that we are seeing on the media the positive response to the in the
a what what the people on the mind just remember who the people who watched it
for the most part
of the i'm not the rest of us didn't watch because we knew what to expect
let me get out my gun i want to play russian roulette with six bullets okay good luck
i see i keep spinning it
that's i mean why would i waste my time watching that when smallville was on
when anything when a hockey game was on the test pattern
something useful while your heart is still beating maybe be good hour to go
and get my uh... rug my carpet stuff interrupt until night
my concepts coming next time wash your hair then uh... clean up tiny residuals
wash my hair real good scrub it check your email
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty don't forget join george and
mcgill and uh... carlos and bokeh brine all of our wackos here five seven seven
seven to treasure island right off the palmetto just north of the hundred
twenty seconds to exit stop by for drinks specials and prizes win tickets to see
the scorpions and consider the coralsca amphitheater on the thirty three just
ask for them that's what george said in fact you were says please ask for them
so we keep what he grew her happy case what he ever has something that we really
want
which this is not
somebody wants it once more well here's Miramar hello
hello nil yes sir
yeah i couldn't watch pushy so every time i turn the town look at him you look
like a deer in the head like uh...
and uh... you know he's consistent
nine and ten is beautiful keep going thank you so much here
and george kicks ass so keep them all he does a good spot
okay what do you say keep one keep him on
keep keep what he said keep the asshole
i'm sure that's what i thought he said i'll answer to that anyway editor early
yesterday's new york times federal funds to build churches
the bush administration campaign emerged church in state continue to last week
when it announced plans to allow federal housing money to be used to erect
buildings in which religious services occur and i'm sure the administration
didn't use the word erect spending taxpayer money to build religious
structures is a radical move and one that defies long
established constitutional presidents the new policy should be challenged
and if the administration refuses to withdraw struck down by the courts
the department of housing and urban development is issued a proposed rule that
would allow federal aid to be used to buy build and rehabilitate houses of
worship that are used for both religious and non-religious functions
taxpayer money could be spent to build parts of a church synagogue or mosque
that are used for approved social service functions
such as counseling programs for the poor private money would still have to be
spent on these those portions of the building they're used for religious
the proposed rule is a reversal of current policies which generally
disallow religious groups from applying for building and rehab funds if
properly administered would create a cumbersome process in which government
officials would be required a monitor of the areas taxpayers paid for to
ensure that no religious activities occurred there
it's far more likely that many religious groups that feel free to use the
buildings as they chose as long as social services were provided
somewhere that would violate the court constitutional principle that the
government cannot spend money to promote religion
last week's announcement is only the latest example of Bush administration
allowing the religious right to set its agenda and raid the public till
last month the president issued an order making it easier for religious groups
to receive federal funds through on social services programs
even if they discriminate on the basis of religion sexual orientation and other factors
and last year the administration supported the Supreme Court's ill-advised decision
to uphold the use of taxpayer-funded vouchers in religious schools
the first amendment requires in the words of Thomas Jefferson a wall between church and state
as the Supreme Court's years of belabor jurisprudence have shown
it can be hard to say exactly where the line is between permissible and
impermissible government actions involving religion but sending taxpayer money
directly into church building funds as the Bush administration proposes to do
clearly goes too far says the New York Times
absolutely correct sir
ten minutes past noon at five sixty w.a.m. as we all go step in line
gonna be doing little goose stepping there treasure on in the night
better so we call it there how about a little goose right gooseing
other days gone by and let you guys out there still stuck in a really crappy dead
and job going nowhere fast or even slow if you're looking for a high-paying career
here's the answer for you one easy call can get you on the road to that just
call fast train tool free at one eight six six fast train if you enroll now you
can be certified on the way to unhigh-paying career by this April
that's right if you can commit just three nights a week fast train can have
you certified as a computer professional by this April so column right now
there's no obligation call fast train and check this out one eight six six
fast train fast train offers job placement easy financing day down
night and weekend classes too they got four convenient locations there's a fast
train in mind in one and Kendall Pemberpines in Fort Lauderdale just one simple
call you'll be on your way to a new high-paying exciting career call fast train
right now one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train
dot com and be sure until that Todd Dreck that's with the capital D Todd Dreck
told you to call
fast train fast train fast train fast train
just one I want to be feeling
a boy or two underage and smooth
stretch my keys to my balls empty
clicking through back on by the trees
I spent hours
hitting down loading using favorite reference
for sites that are free
some will consider my panda
just be able to buy one some
hell of a swingy down my throat
me in a couple twinkies under a blanket having a tumble with an old home move
I'm not concerned about being apprehensive
if I get too far call loose control
if I research you get too expensive
I'll use my credit card no one will ever know
yeah
nobody knows that online
that I'm a stupid man
who gets a fat plan
yeah swing by smooth guys
crop 16 at 560 WQAM
we're doing that 9 to 10 hour end tomorrow good and Friday
and if you play that bit again which one is that with Carlos bathing in the washing
his balls in the sink
yeah I'll give you a dollar
give it to him
on February 9th they're going to be having these seventh annual have a heart for a slower
a derma cheerity option to benefit this third-degree foundation at pompato park
racetrack 9 30 in the morning
what day is that for boy 9th?
what kind of calendar?
uh... sunday?
sunday for boy 9th this year they're honoring a Lauren 14 and Kelly six
both girls have been suffered they had the linear form of slower derma
there is no cause or cure for this disease all the money raised to go will go to
research for more information reservations called 9 5 4
9 6 8 6 thousand one
if you can say that no I can but anyway it says some of the items are 14 day
crews by seaborne to two for South America
and the Panama Canal book value over 18 grand
they're going to be auctioning off all kinds of great stuff
two unrestricted tickets on Southwest Airlines
baseball autographed by the 76 New York Mets
two beautiful men's watches by Mercedes values up to 450 bucks
signed Jason Alexander a memorabilia and all kinds of great stuff
so if you want more information about that it's coming up on sunday
February 9th at pump and a park racetrack 9 30 in the morning
9 5 4 9 6 8 6 0 0 1
got it? got it?
good 5 6 7 0 5 there a response on the 9 to 10 hours been
just exactly what we'd expect and you know something we we don't care
here's for a lot of deal hello
hey Neil how you doing? pretty good
you know you know I kind of feel sorry for mow
I really do you know in life some people are born fat some people are born ugly
some people speak things unfortunately from home
you got a bad head I mean I was watching Discovery Channel
yesterday and they had a special one
Wolverines and Badgers and I was thinking about
okay well don't badger many more where you're pleased just because
stupid 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
if you look up the phrase weak material and dictionary
this last punk his picture next to it
weak sir very weak
North Miami hello
North Miami going once
here's Perine hello
P-Rine is there anybody on these lines or am I just
losing it here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line here's Miami hello
hello yes sir
Neil how you doing this is a sports or a Chris?
yes sir as one let you know all the sports is like you
in Miami you know we love you and I have a sandwich request
I want to know if you could play the Mickey Mouse dead
where he's yelling at Remus
the Mickey Mouse bit yeah you mean the one where I call an Eisner?
yeah is it could that be the one?
oh Eisner!
okay well we're on it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
I'm thinking 9 to 10 and noon to 1 sound like I said bookends
sounds excellent
a nice sandwich
sandwich I still think like a grilled cheese on the whole
wheat bread would be really good maybe on rye with onions
and bacon and bacon
hum ha let us tomato
pastrami corn thief
Swiss nice Rubin sandwich would be good
hmm without the as well as a car from New York I sure hope it's not that
chronic guy hello hello yes sir oh y'all this is a loop from statin
I was in New York yes I was just on the line with my brother in Miami
since you've got to listen to this guy he's one hell of a broadcast
yes I am and you know I called out research library and you don't you don't
have a market here in New York City
but what do you mean we don't have a market?
well you know you don't have a station with you on?
no there is no other station I'm only on this station I'm about the only major
talk host in America is not syndicated because my agents of putts
oh Neil what a shame it is what I could have been a contender man I could have been
big time you are big time now you leave me whatever you do makes a difference
yeah so I guess you haven't spent too much time here huh
the land of the walking dead oh god thanks Lou have a great day
you two now hang in there okay we will how you like that there's a guy in New
York and things that we make a difference and if we were in New York we would
make a difference which is why we're not on in New York
because we might just make a difference so all those people who are like
oh ah flapping their arms you know he's not one of the goose
steppers you know just can just be happy look on the bright side like
Monty Python would say it just be real happy I'm only on this one little bogus
radio station here Miami do you know that on Monday two days ago
I'm driving home and I'm trying to listen to the mad dog in a way home which I
always do I get a real kick out of me's real hoot even though it doesn't know
here on 441 again we're acting up that day you couldn't hear it no one and
Monday was a bitch of it and that's just on this show I noticed the whole
station it's kind of hard to call and have a conversation when you can't hear
the radio station and I think back to that first conversation I had with Greg
Weed where again because lying is his middle name oh well you know we can go
50,000 watts yeah and chickens could pee to someday if they were figured
out right we're gonna go 50,000 watts my ass seriously I mean until you got
the county line road you couldn't hear crap even if he took one right on the
ear you couldn't heard you might smell it couldn't heard it some little dinky
sports bar with a microphone radio station and we're still like making a
difference here in a place where they don't care so we're on here in a place
where they did care with living and breathing people with zillions of them then we
might make a difference so like I said look on the bright side kiss your ass bend
over and kiss your own ass I'll be right back okay or kiss Carlos's
ass okay yeah I'm always talking about somewhere in the neighborhood give
you a dollar no thanks five six I'll give you a dollar not to do it here's
four-letter deal hello hello yes sir I'm begging pardon a couple weeks ago the lady
called in about the dogs yeah whatever what happened I don't know we did
well she called back and wanted more money from me I mean twice and I just
the reach the point I mean whatever happened happened I did my best you know I'm
saying okay she's your cup you got you how's on last on what is it
okay Brian last on when he was supposedly a talk show and you ripped him and he
made a little bit called the last song the last song thinking about yeah
or man oh get tarman is it in here yes what's it called the last song is it
under the yeah probably is it is it isn't it good no
I don't remember that the last song that sounded like a guitar man talking to a
strainer actually it's probably him I remember this the one right never played
this this blows good golly this is the last thing I write for you I guess so man
is that a piece of crap get a new phone to by the way pal quote a crap five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and Verizon wireless and we know
I saw last song you're writing for us to believe me people have heard it here's
Hollywood hello I'm crazy here's highly a hello give up he gives up me too okay
look at that we got down to one call on the board see we what's the point
even said you know I'm going to so yeah you think that you're really all of a
son you're gonna change this town these people it is what it is it's tragic it's
tragic you could be on top of the world I would in 10 minutes or less these
people would bring you down to their level suicidal plus five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty and we're gonna make a difference that my good friend
up there Lew in the York things we're gonna make a difference in this cesspool
in this outdoor toilet in God's waiting room here we've been a young
are like 90 plus we're gonna about your people's driving around on the roads
whose hands are reaching up to the reach the bottom of the steering wheel who
how do you can you're a good guy but man just don't come here because you'll
hate it you'll despise it you wish we never born if you hear like for more than
15 minutes you'll be you'll be hitchhiking to the airport here's Lake Worth
hello yes sir sounds like you how you doing okay I took you a drive
so called dry concept was a couple weeks ago yeah three-year-old carpet with a
red wine stain and a lot of we don't like pussycaps but a kitty cat if they
start a bar between tire and carpet they go for the carpet it's all gone there
you go they're amazing best by test all right Godfather question yeah in God
five three there's a hit man dresses of priests who supposed to be the
best and he wants to supposedly gonna kill Michael right at the very end of
the movie he gets off a shot it's I guess a greatest Michael hit Mary who kills
the ugly daughter here he is did you did you miss on purpose to make him what
they suffer no of course not now there's like a little scuffle there didn't you
see at the end and the cell was going whatever however the sun went
I mean the sun but I don't know the first shot he got off I believe me I've
been based on her acting in the movie everybody got up and I made a standing
ovation when he hit Sofia Copa believe me it did it for me and you two that's
not an exaggeration either really oh when I watched it everybody applaud oh
thank God I mean the movie's almost over release better late than never in her
case Sofia dad that oh and then she hit the ground and then he went see I don't
understand I'll say it again this is a guy didn't just have like Henry
pedestrian diabetes he was like a you know coma induced he must have been
taken like insulin up the ass which those shots really heard cake cake
in areas with a piece of cake a little few problems there in the script you know
that's what happens when you make a whole like featuring about an hour and a
half from writing it to a good thing they have the fruit and candy cart right
around the corner in the Vatican yeah in case somebody has a shot on the orange juice
man those all the boys love the juice 27 past noon at 560 WQM hey till once
yet I thought you weren't paying attention I thought I'd sneak that in there
here's a very important facts from our friend George with a G good
factor he says a good afternoon Neil and Jorge someone suggested you add WWW
what really have a not come here where did Wilka Brian take a croat he got
the others do and Carlos huh they're done he didn't really sink did he
know they're sharing a faggot oh anyway what really happened not come to
website I would suggest otherwise it's a conspiracy theory website
caterers to Merck and pioneer types the ones hiding in the hills with their
canned foods and those who think that everything they hear on the art
bell show was real and he includes a page which I wouldn't even repeat it on
the year so thank you very much and he's also says he likes the nine to 10
hour with the bits much more than the noon to one hour see now now I
not agree with him you want to know why I know why but never the last no no
seriously it being first it gives us that wall separation if you follow my
drift they're well oh here they are they must have found their faggot down
serious and then secondly you build momentum as opposed to like coming to
stop at noon yeah that's not a good idea and certainly the mad dog shouldn't be
too happy about that he should be ecstatic now that we're building the
momentum going into a show and they're supposed to some other people like
try to kill it try to butcher it I recommend very highly you don't listen to
the show that followed that kind of stuff you know who would do such a thing
asshole 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line a grumpy old man
with Vera Cosvians and asshole like that who's got a real bad disposition
here's a lady in homestead hello hello Neil yes ma'am all right listen I just
want to tell you I love your show you're great it's really great but I also
just quick thing you just to play it bit and it was so funny and you
don't play it in here and I don't remember the name of it neither it was about
the sky up in both was it the last song no no no no no no no this guy up in
bokeh and it's just a complete idiot and he keeps saying that I would
have anyway finally and we got the bomb it remember which one I mean oh yeah
I haven't got any idea anyway I just love that one you mean the bokeh song do
you I think I don't know we got the bomb we got oh no that's the asshole song
Dennis Leary it's yeah okay I think that's what it is I think it's appropriate
now don't you I think I love long it's like four minutes and 24 seconds long
thank you so much 20 to one at five sixty WQ I thought that fit and so perfect
to the end of that you know we've never done that before that was it did it for
me hey we want to send a shout out what are you laughing about wow to our good
buddy Steve over there at alternative term management I have an empty don't
give him enough for a credit not one and not one little tiny I don't even know
what that's like not anything and Florida today he came to the house and well I
mean there were a few that like I went to their camps you know they went to
their death and all my years after they they they glomed out of they macked on
that crap on the wall they macked on the wall and they're dead all I just
amazing even all the schmutz and the crap and the crumbs and the stuff not one
nice go on Steve we love your strange don't call me but your great guy alternative
termite management that's an even they'll kill your termites because as soon as I
gave him a plug-in couple weeks ago my mother said oh you see you got termites
no I just mentioned the word termite ma back off ma okay ease off and I don't
want to see your hammer to anymore okay makes me lose my appetite yeah she got a
hammer to which he shows me after lunch
should I think the one at five sixty to the west
bouquet mega star by the way we like nine to ten Miguel so whatever it says
and you should back at you if you're on the act in the diet they've got a
zillion products for you it delights this is the only store that I know that is
just especially for you who did that the McGuire sisters especially for you
huh the choir sisters remember them look a bride and I do you want to know why
cuz we're couple of all parts over six hundred delicious low-carb food products
in this one spectacular store this week try the simply low-carb loaf a delicious
new bread with just three grams of digestible carbs per slice and delicious
taste of whole wheat bread which I love to have a sandwich you know something
maybe that's still around is it still around that loaf maybe I could
act like a grilled cheese sandwich on that with onions and bacon I'm I'm
moved for that anyway try this you'll be in snack heaven so whether it's the
carbolite ice cream bread tips muffin cheesecakes pasta and sauces the lights
of west book is a place you're gonna absolutely love you'll embrace it you'll
squeeze it and you can try anything to store before you buy it their staff knows
what it's all about trust me when I tell you they're open seven days a week
from ten to ten they carry the most complete line of atkins brand products in
the universe that are always get this 25% off all day every day even on
circus so if you're on the atkins or any other low-carb diet this is the store
that you ought to make a b-line for no matter where you live the number one
low-carb should restore around the lights of west book you'll find it on the
northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market or column
tool free one eight seven seven low carb run web you'll find them at low-carb
com enthusiastically recommended by the way by Bokeh Brian don't forget
there's only one to lights of west book your official atkins retail center
my
this is for 305 city
way
more we're certainly not allowed to talk to much talking if you blow too much
you're in trouble
there's no smoke and gun
there's still no smoke and gun
well it couldn't even find just one weapon up the structure
well what are we gonna do?
order me a choke's roof
I'm gonna eat it when I want it if I don't I'm gonna stand my faith
I need to show me how to move my head around the lake
I don't care about the conscious which is not the fanned your loyalty
my wish is you will away
who needs your smoking gun?
my words already prepared
no I don't ever want
forgot all about that red light
order box not to use
to change the fact you know for the truth
don't give a damn for not to let me sell that war and get that all for me
hell the fuck was the picture so close I'm gonna go for chasing
I'm more than just your breath and I'm your god and you will laugh for me
that's what I expect
don't lose me
call 48 at 560 WCM don't forget George and Bill Cabrine and Carlos and McGill
and then anybody else will be at the happy hour of the blind will be going
well why not he's got issues he has to deal with issues computer issues
oh like I said vocal Brian won't be there so maybe get lucky how about fat boys you
gonna be there you never know with him he's down to 314 man he's really slimming
down spry he'll be running up flights of stairs and I'm going to try to run with a
saffron and locate it off the pulmato just north of the 120 seconds
three next it and most people don't really care if vocal Brian's here or not
because I must say just wanted to rub his balls pot stop by for drinks specials
prices and win tickets to see the scorpions in concert at the cross-guy amphitheater
no I'm the 31st you don't want to see the scorpions in concert with white snake
and with white a white snake well whatever like George says it's the prices right
just take him just take him and pretend that you really want to go and then you're just
on the way out your smith can make five six seven oh five six you look at this
phone see I thought that now we do that night at 10 hour and we build the momentum
and now the audience is only got three hours to worry about I'm trying to have
something to say did it help no is it change anything no got one call left
here's a call from ghouls hello and that's it that was it
see I'm onto this place it's taken me a long time I'm a little bit slow
they want to drag us down to their level of misery because the motto in fact
you'll see it on the big billboards when you drive it to south Florida coming into
Palm Beach and Broward and Dave big billboards saying misery loves company
thanks for joining us that that's what they believe that's what they want
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless
line a sad said place Lou in New York if you're still listening trust me don't
ever come to this place you regret it you regret every moment of it you'll
smell the death in the air the moment you step off the plane here's
here's howl and they'll hello hello nil yes sir I got an important question for you
yeah now uh... the transsexual visit a neurologist or gynecologist here's howling
would hello you know how are you today okay sir well you want to get right
through the movie you got right through when there's nobody on the phone with the
expect holy cow I actually have a couple of things for you please first of all
this morning I heard you talking about the tax cuts for the rich yeah well you know
and uh... i'm being serious but you make a very good living is that not a great
thing for you sir let me say this to you if I just did the program or live my life
based on everything there was expedient for me there would be number one very selfish
and number two would be uh... arrogant obnoxious I don't live my life that way I'm doing
just fine I'm not looking for any more tax cuts okay well that's that's very very
good and noble of you no it's not noble it's just that I make a lot more money
than most people and I'd I'd I'd should be one of the last people get any tax benefits
right after all the big corporations in all of the other multi-millionaires who are
running a country okay it's a throat test gets shameful I appreciate that I won't
test the check but nevertheless there you go very very weird situation happened
I don't know if I'm changing the channel I just kind of tuned in a few minutes ago now I
listened this morning but I have to go to work right back out and I had a police
incident where I in february pines it was a cut to you yeah yeah
and uh... I had a so I was going to pick up my child and the parent wasn't
there for me to pick him up and whatever I call the police from that right
report so the late comes up right to report she says come by the office the
police station three to five days and pick up the report so I wait seven days
make sure seven business days make sure and I go there there's no record or
the report there's no record of anything they don't have any idea what happened
there how do you like that I don't know if there's a busy on there too busy on
the tap the high it is an at the neck of the woods right now have you noticed
have you noticed how many more porkers you see out on bikes taking radar now
now because I don't I don't the only time ever going that area is my dentist is
around the corner there but uh... I just delivered I believe me even back then
they're hiding in the bushes they're hiding in the median they're under every tree
and rock but forget about the important stuff but I just can't believe that I
got this police report built up for a court date you know court and I have
to lay behind the car today I'm like now what am I supposed to do I said it's not
here she said good luck yeah I'm sorry I can't help you with that there you go
see it the airport pal I've got a please that passport real tight
it's a twelve fifty two of five sixty w d q a m we all have different lifestyles
therefore you need different products to make you feel better and healthier you
can be almost as healthy as Skippy when you like to be as healthy as Skippy when
you like to look just like that walk around going all your men and her
brain informal is advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great all of work
combined with good stuff there are vitamins in their minerals urbels other
nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help
you support specific health needs look for their great three new
formulas for all your men they have one help you sleep one of the control your
weight and coq 10 which is so spectacular for your heart all you guys also got
supplements from all health in your circulatory system your digestive your end
or consistent your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the
finest the purest olive oil on the planet and don't forget all you might
help both men and women as well I wish me an olive hole on my feet last night
what are you laughing about I don't we got a brand new bottle of expensive
Italian olive oil I smeared it all over my feet and look how see how great I'm
doing today yeah look at those feet that look at that in fact I'm smearing some
around on the floor just in case you come in only matters an exciting new product
and you pick some up right now all over town public's records whole food markets
and Walgreens if you want to get more information about their products and what they can do
for you call one eight six six all you met that's one eight six six six five three
sixty six thirty three which you also want their products online on their
website all you met american dot com and don't forget to visit their sampling
for the sports down every Sunday during dolphin season which is only like seven or
eight months away start feeling great today with all you know man
my
look all this is four three oh five sixty way
yeah there's a but I smell it
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make
do do do I should ever keep it down
oh no I think that must be track inside my bowels
how can you find from impacted bars
you let these butcher doctors in now my heart stops you schmucks at sign I
for my intestines out I guess I should have known what they
expect living in Miami with the kind of service you get in this town I would
have to leave tomorrow if I didn't eat that grass I swallowed why can you
let me so you can ask why can't you lose us get it right my bowels were blocked
inside my body can make my touch go out
it's good doctors good
it's good doctors good
good doctors good
hey man it's a 1258 five six years ago the mad dog is sitting by he be
long next and then we got Hank from the Miami Heat from the Mac or ever
now from the other arena the triple a arena the Mickey Erison Mayor Pingo
Pican you're winning three to six fifty her cool warm up six fifty to seven
hercones and prominent seven o'clock basketball hoops any K jumps through the
hoops at 10 from GA and Joe Mark overnight how they doing Joe Mark they
okay by the way don't forget tomorrow we got to wish Joe Castell happy birthday
certainly happy birthday Joe we'll forget tomorrow and we don't care that much
like we used to because you just not the same you think it's because you got
married because you doing that overnight show and always a big celebrity I always
thought it was just the nose that could be it five hundred and five votes on the
pool I didn't watch it so I didn't have any opinions and like I said I knew what
to expect I'm sure I didn't miss a thing there you go the president said the
union speech last night was a hundred and sixty two of us didn't watch it thirty
two percent almost a third the usual volshmit they all do and he stated
the union thinks hundred and thirty four said that outstanding eighty six
seventeen percent that's a little off our usual eighteen and a half percent
right right but fairly close seventeen percent of you said it was outstanding
pathetic sixty seven okay thirty four week twenty two
along the week side of four hundred billion dollars exactly well hey it will take
it like I told the other guy I'm making a pretty good but I'll take it if that's
what he wants to give the rich people which getting four hundred million you know
I know smell it and enjoy it bye bye bye
the Roger show and five six million QA
my name for my name this is the base of that
Jew
