There's lady in town, she's another doxed you, and she needs to buy bread that is unlethavan.
Oi!
And she's buying bread at 7, 11.
And the bread is wonder.
And the bread is wonder.
So let me actually discuss what we supposed to eat on Paisa.
It's the beginning of Passover. Happy Passover all you old Jew people out there. All Jew people.
What do we eat besides Paisa Nikki Candy which I can't eat.
I don't know.
How about some lots of all soup would be good right?
Some lots of me.
Some monkeys.
Lockies aren't, no that's the wrong holiday.
Aren't potato lockies on Chanooka?
I didn't know. I thought it was always a good time for a lockie.
It can never be a bad time. It's a good time for a homeontage in two but that's also the wrong holiday.
I don't know. What are we supposed to eat on Paisa over somebody better curl and inform this wayward Jew?
I don't know.
Chris Aldi, whatever the hell I want.
How's that pull from yesterday?
And you know, I'm a little bit disoriented this morning.
Of course, George and Carlos know why.
Because I've been crawling around on a floor here trying to put the radio station back together.
And of course the problem is usual. Was it on this end?
No.
That was on end end.
Yeah, but all the fun you had.
Yeah, I did have a lot of fun crawling around on the floor banging my head a couple of times on the counter here.
It was great.
Max, I'm sensing you, silly old cooter.
I don't see any call calling in here any.
That's cause they're all busy as light in the candles.
Well, that's also the wrong holiday.
I just can't get my Jew holiday straight now.
If you want to know.
I know that for sure is poor.
Right?
I know that Paisa over has because we saw, you know, the 10 commandments.
So you got to have the unleavened bread and the bitter herbs.
I know that.
Forget about the 10 commandments.
We saw Jesus at the last supper.
Here's our call on the Passover etiquette. Hello.
Q.A.M.
What happened?
Oh, you know what?
How did that happen?
You hung up on them somehow.
No, no, that was line five.
How was line five ringing?
Line five doesn't even work.
I saw line six ringing and you hung up on it.
That was great.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Light in candle, John F.
W.D. Q.A.M.
Yes, sir.
I have your Passover menu.
Go right ahead.
Yeah, I'm fine.
You have a hello sit.
Could you help the fish?
Mark the bride?
Oh, I think.
Oh, Mark the bride.
I'll pass on that.
That's soggy.
A little liver?
Yeah.
Let's see.
Hard boiled eggs.
Your bitter herbs.
Hey, talk to you.
Hey, they is there.
I have one thing to say to all of that.
Okay, do your menu?
Yeah.
Fat.
Fat.
Fat and double fat.
Happy pace off.
All right, goodbye.
Thank you.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Bitter herbs.
Right.
Bitter herbs.
I'll go with you with them for the bitterness of captivity.
Anyway, that's enough of that crap.
We got several other Jews.
I mean, people calling in.
I don't want to hear about it.
It's not the one these silly holidays.
But it gets the kids off from school.
Oh, my God.
Good Friday on this Friday.
Even though Jesus is a little bit cross about the way some of you people are celebrating it.
Now, when is Easter Sunday?
It's not this coming Sunday, is it?
Yeah.
It is.
Yeah.
Good Friday is only the Friday before Easter Sunday.
Even though it doesn't add up mathematically, that was supposed to be the way that it happened
as he died on Friday and rose again on Sunday.
Are you staring when that religion talking out?
I would never.
Because that's the one thing that they hated even worse than hearing your voice.
In fact, hearing your voice discussing religion, they said that in case they're going to burn
their radios.
That's what they said while you're on vacation.
I know.
George discussing religion is verboten.
And the starbroughton.
Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star?
Are we asked yesterday?
How much have we got over 900 votes by now?
I've been dicking around here hoping we get it up to 900.
What do we got?
What's your total error?
905.
Whoa.
At any rate, I printed the cell when it was 8.95.
So excuse me if the totals don't match.
Tough, tough, tough, tini.
Frank Zappa, 190.
There's nobody even close to Frank Zappa.
Does that surprise us?
Nope.
No.
And what the hell should it?
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
Hank, this surprises me and it's very disturbing.
Harry Connick Jr. 78.
What is this story with Harry Connick Jr.?
Why does anybody like he's so boring?
He's got a great voice.
He's an excellent, great boy.
He's boring.
It's that old-fashioned, like him and Glenn Miller should
allope or something.
I mean, Glenn Miller was OK 57 and 58 years ago.
You know, in the mid 40s.
Right?
Right.
Not to piss you off, but a lounge act.
I agree.
You don't piss me off.
I agree with that.
Harry Connick Jr. a lounge act.
You finally hit the jackpot.
You say it often enough and it finally comes true.
That's exactly right.
That's in a weak lounge.
Lounge, it's on the verge of going under.
The holiday.
But Harry Connick Jr. with this crowd,
78 was a very strong second.
Simply red had 50.
I mean, the thought that Harry Connick beats out even
simply red.
Forget about all these other people.
It's so embarrassing.
But that's this crowd.
Little feet 49.
Betcha Carlos has little feet.
Betcha has feet are even smaller
than the big orange lump he's got in his neck today.
Carlos has got a big tumor from smoking him faggots.
Go here.
Todd Rungvin 46.
He saw the light.
When are you going to do it?
Well, I wish I had that.
You know, I'm and think it back.
What year was that?
I had the 45.
Do you remember the days when they had the promotional discs
that were the 45s that were like covered?
Right.
Translucent, but they were covered like red and yellow.
I saw the light was a blue record.
Wow.
That I had a copy of.
I wish I still had.
I don't know what I'd play it on.
Played on a needle, I guess, on a pin.
Do they still have, I guess, somebody somewhere
probably still has like the old record changes, right?
They must.
Do you remember the little 45s that all of us
did it before your time?
We all had little 45.
They were just, I didn't play other speeds.
Did you?
Sure.
I'm not talking about one of those three speed jobs.
I'm talking about just a little 45.
I didn't have a little square box with a 45 changer.
No.
You stack your 45s on there.
You know what a lot of the kids, my generation
had with those little, there were toys,
but they played the record.
You closed it.
You closed the lid on it and it played the record.
And they played 45s and all kinds.
It was like an 8 track.
Yeah.
Well, I had one of those.
I had an 8 track, baby.
Need to.
I had a player this time wearing it for love.
I had the player.
We have that in the other room.
I could play.
No thanks.
He's still a rigid.
He's turned in rigid on that awful show.
What is it?
The old and not so beautiful?
Yes.
Little feet 49, Ted Runvin 46.
He saw the light.
That's a great song.
I sure wish we had it.
I'd play it over and over again.
Conway 20 36.
He writes 26.
Roxy music 27.
It's out of order.
But I need to Franco 20.
I still don't know who that is.
26.
Who is she?
She's European.
About guard.
I don't know.
I'll tell you.
However, Levine is not here.
That's right.
She's a big star.
Right.
Carl Perkins 24th.
Spirit 23.
Spirit.
I got a line on you.
Another one that I had like a green.
I had a green copy of that on a 45.
Those were great.
Booker Teeny M.G.s.
And Kate Bush each have 23.
Kate Bush was George's vote.
He loves that.
But he.
Betty Mardona's in craft work.
And Leon Redbone each had 20.
Gino Vanellis 16.
Nick Low, Ronnie Spector 14.
Ronnie Spector of course leads singer for the Sherrell.
I mean, they are honest.
He had no problem with that yesterday.
Roger Whitaker 13.
Boring.
He's even more boring than Harry Connick Jr.
That old boring song from home.
What was the song about the ship that he did?
Roger Whitaker.
Wasn't that thing?
Oh, I don't know.
You know the one I mean.
Ship I said.
Hung a few bars.
Mmm.
Johnny Arras and Lil' Eve H.
Had 12.
Lil' Eve had died Friday by the way in case you missed the show yesterday.
Bad news.
Poor Lil' Eve a low commotion.
She's dead.
She died at the age of 59.
And guess what she died from?
I don't remember.
Was it cancer?
I just mentioned that for a beenaboy there who's still smoking.
And Faggot's, he's got a big lump in his, uh, the side of his neck, the size of a watermelon.
And he's still smoking.
You're going to be one of those people that they stick a tube in your throat so you can still inhale.
When you're dying.
You talk like this.
From emphysema.
I wish I, yeah, like Jack Klugman.
I wish I wouldn't have smoked.
Apollonia and Motha Hoopoli Chad 10.
Boxa Frogs had nine.
How much a tapeth have probably has one of them?
On passions.
Have you seen no sherdin yet?
No.
Good episode on passions you'll see today by the way with the clowns and sherdin freaking out and it's really good.
The cow, the cow piles and JJ Kaleach had nine.
I like the cow stools a lot.
They were strange though.
I think they were from the same planet that the kid on Smolville was from last time.
You're ain't it?
Were they a little bit off?
You know, they all had that kind of like strange shaped face, the cow piles.
Willie Dixon had eight Lloyd Price and many rippred in each head.
Seven.
I love many rippred and she was, she last too long.
Gilberto Sullivan and it's a beautiful day and Darleen Lovey Chad six.
See, it's a beautiful day.
You were poo-pooing it, man.
You said they're just a bunch of old cooters, eh?
John Miles and classics four each had five.
I like the classics four.
They were kind of spooky.
Nino Temple and April Stevens each had four.
And to me, you're row and walker brothers said they each had four.
Remember a deep purple by no temple, April Stevens?
How many different people can you mention?
Who can you tell me who sang Deep Purple?
Billy Warden, the Domino's.
Nino Temple, April Stevens, huh?
Right.
What was the original Deep Purple the big hit?
Come on, Donnie and Marie.
I know they did it.
They did it on their show once.
I think it was Ozzy Osborne.
And I think it's in the, oh, it's in the old computer that time.
No, it won't be in here because Deep Purple goes back to the song though.
I do.
I do.
It's a happy but Billy Warden, the Domino's, was great their version of it.
You're both a brine, members.
That he's probably squeezing them so far right now.
Huh?
I'm as if he can find anything to squeeze.
Oh, that's right.
He's not around.
Yeah, he is.
He is?
I thought he was in Georgia somewhere.
He called, he dragged his ass back into town yesterday and, you know, he'll be coming in today.
By the way, the audience, if you're wondering when I'm going to get the show started, I'll get around.
You know something you were making a joke about Donnie and Marie?
1976 Donnie and Marie Osmond.
Oh, you know tempo and April Stevens and Billy Warden, the Domino's.
Oh, that was, and now the, whatever.
I didn't know they actually knew it.
Oh, you know what else they had?
They had start us.
That's what I was thinking.
Deep Purple and start us.
Both written by, now Hogi Carmichael wrote one of them.
Right?
Remember Hogi Carmichael?
Yeah, I remember him, but I didn't know what he wrote.
Skinny wrinkled up face with a big deep voice.
Oh, we're getting really old, man.
We're getting all your punks out there.
You missed a lot of stuff, believe me, didn't as much.
It was bad.
Everything in retrospect seems so much better.
You know, it's all of us old folks were guilty of that.
It wasn't so good.
The only thing it was really good with those chocolate moths that were always Jones and Abut.
The real moutains.
And you know the Starlight Diner has really good chocolate moths, but they don't give you the,
what's the thing that they actually mix it in?
You know the big tin vat that they mix it in.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, they got to get, they give you the glass with it's got half of the aloed in it.
Exactly.
And then they put the big tin thing down here with the rest of what they just vatched up for anyway.
And that's where the big chunks of malt are and they don't give you that anymore.
Oh, yeah.
And then if you got a real long tongue, you can like look around the insides of the tin the container.
Well, they got that long spoon for that.
You got a real, real long tongue like some of the people that QA have got that carless guy ill.
Oh, I bet his tongue is the same color as that big lump on his neck by now.
That's what you get from smoking.
I was God damn camels.
Those double nicotine jobs you smoke.
Man.
Well, if you're going to do something, you do it right.
He's probably drinking that jolt cola too from Rochester.
It's got the double, double, double jolt in it.
That's what he puts in his bonn.
Maybe because since he started working at QM, he's got like a death weight.
913.
A lot of people with a death work at QA, and hey, if you want to get out of a crappy job and start making some serious bucks,
by now you ought to know exactly what to do.
Pick up that instrument and maybe the phone too and call our good friends at Fast Train.
Get yourself on the road to a new high paying computer career.
Not just a crappy, menial job working for peanuts for some puts, but a real computer career.
Where you start getting a big fat paycheck.
Call 866 fast train.
They've got convenient day evening a week and classes waiting on you.
Check them out on the web at fasttrained.com and get yourself out of your dead end job into a real career.
Not just a temporary job, but a real career with a big fat, useful paycheck.
Be a mench.
Call fast train today.
They got locations in Miami, Kindle, Pembroke Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
So there's about to be one convenient nearby you.
And don't forget to register at fasttrained.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Wave it in a breeze while it's still allowed by law.
Pick up the phone and call fast train today.
Tool free 1-866 fast trains.
I'm a man.
This is 420-16-2-8.
Florida?
What's that, America's Wains?
I'm social media.
I'll try to put me down and say, he has a lot of congregations.
I tell him right away, now listen here in the nation.
All the faiths give a dollar for no pain.
True, I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know around the other ABA.
If it all gotta what to say.
So be truly assured.
velien��계 accomplishment safety you should must be.
Cristoado, Lord, Your aim isMB bullying.
So put me there in breaker.
Just Naomi lell seize your show.
Oh
Oh
This is
He's gonna heal it like he did that harsh last night and also the other kid with a broken neck
That was pretty nice of him since that kid tried to kill him with a pickup truck
It was pretty damn
Christian of one that muddy white
That really was that wasn't that was okay last night. That was all right. That wasn't great
I'm really glad Lex Luthor and that broad man. I'm really tired of his crap
He's just really old and stale, you know, he was he chucked out the area Lex we're guy with all your money
Yesterday's pool Lloyd Price was on there by the way hit the break the news to you. It says from who's this from Rick
Rick happy pace pass under he said happy underpass. That's where Carlos lives
Happy pass under
Yeah, why do we call it pass over not pass under because well the angel that passed over
Are you starting whatever religious crap again and crap is the operative word?
He says Lloyd Price he had seven votes. He was on air but Clarence Frogman Henry was none. Ernie mentioned him
Clarence Frogman Henry was pretty interesting
Got some of that stuff over there. I don't want you to find it though
I'd like to continue it. We could take about a month and do that, you know
I'm really surprised we didn't have a lot more good the choices, huh?
And what they weren't expecting it as matter of fact they also probably aren't expecting this
During the long bit I just played there since it is a Jew a day Friday will be a Catholic day good Friday the other
Christians don't celebrate good Friday, right?
Yeah, but it's not like a big to do they do they just observe it
I thought the Friday was a lot of things like that. It is it is they just don't speak out of that
I sure wouldn't want to do this per priest victim suit diocese
I better do it before Friday so I better do it now because we don't want to get Dennis all been out of shape when he's
He's eaten his wafers whatever he's going to be doing eating that tuna fish and macaroni casserole
I do like macaroni and cheese
No, that sounds really good tuna macaroni and cheese. It does
I don't know why I can't eat that though I can't eat the macaroni and cheese none of my weight loss program
per priest victim suit diocese for a bill 34 men suit Long Island's Catholic diocese for more than a billion dollars saying church leaders
Deliver nothing to stop priest who sexually abused them as children. I'll be damned
Our childhood was stolen said Brian Deon 51 of claims he was molested from
1959 to 62 in Kings Park Long Island
He and other plaintiffs say the diocese of Rockville Center not only failed to prevent the priest from attacking other kids after being warned about their
Behavioral doubt a man-hat lawyer
Representing 23 men and one of two such suits filed yesterday in Nisal County Supreme Court
They sued the diocese for a billion dollars
We're here because the church put the sexually predatory priest ahead of the children
Another plaintiff John Salvason 47 said he wrote then Bishop John McGann in 1980 to say that the Reverend Robert
Hunniki had molested him as a boy asking that Hunniki be removed from service in the priest appears to be told of his conduct
It's that it doing these things Salvason told reporters his daughter looked on Bishop again in the diocese
Move father Hunniki from parish to parish from school to school for period nine years
Doesn't it sound familiar? Yeah, it sounds just like all the other things that they did all of these things
Nobody QA and Passover line. Hello. Yes. Good morning, Nils
These things are for you and back to you. Did you see that little
Shibbid about Michael Morris speaking at
University of Texas yesterday? No, I did not but amazingly your psychic powers
Guess what I have in my hand stupid white man. I have the Michael Moore book in my hand
He has a graph of it and a graph of things too, but just real quick
He talked at the University of Texas yesterday and he said it's not about the weapons of mass destruction
It's about the weapons of mass
Absolutely
And to you sir have a decent paysock and you forgot one good group yesterday King Crimson
King Crimson was great and
Maria Moldauer and
The keep going
That's a good one deal. Yeah, they're on a roll. It's mixing match
Mothables and Maria Moldauer and the midnight at the oasis remember that yep
Well, I'm pretty sharp today. You know, and I think it's what I banked my head a couple of times down here
We had little phone problem. We couldn't get the phone thing of working here this morning
Starting at about how many minutes past seven
About third man and that went on for a lot more than that went on for over an hour
And you know you guys say I'm not gonna get sucked into that again
I'm never gonna let you in the engineers KO it must be on your end. There's you know Carlos
It must be Carlos is doing a great a great job on our website. Who really is board all right
It's in between your ears. That's where the lose court is. I defend him but since he ripped me all last week
No, but it's true there. I mean, I don't want to go into it. What's the point of rehashing the obvious? It's always on your end
I've been doing shows here. What is this now a year?
Yeah, a year and then some
Yeah, it was March last year so it's like 13 months that I've been doing a shows here in Toronto on and off
and
Except for one time after there was a lightning strike here that we set the a thing a little Christy sneaked into place
And I had we set the tell us other than that and there's the problems always on that end
Yep, it's not like magic like some like the some kind of a creature is moving towards you out
Yeah, it's like magic. It's like tapeth and care putting another spell on things
Oh, how about that butch Charlie on passions. I'm boy. I don't get too much butchered and that like I mean
You're missing out you really are. Yeah, what are these days? I'll be in the right time
You're missing out if it's only Sheridan. Okay. I don't care what anybody says
She is one of the most gorgeous women on the face of the earth
He's got a great body and unbelievable face beautiful head of hair and great head. I mean of here. She's something
What you just obviously don't care so I think that what some of the people have said about you probably they got a poem starting to think
Anyway, there's a chapter near which I promised I would read to be fair right
Democrats D.O.A. I'm not going to read the whole chapter. I'm not going to do it right this second
I'm in that I will and then Michael Moore book
Stupid white man. Remember when I read all the stuff about the ripped off election and about all of the George W
Just now yep, well, I'm gonna do this also because he's right and that's the reason we're in a pickle that we're in is because democratic party is D.O.A
They're absent. They're a wall
They're useless. They're important man
Very sad one party country
And speaking of weapons of mass destruction one of the bedtime stories today talks about so many of our friends
So many countries we call our friends have the mass destruction
US allies also have weapon demands destruction for example
It goes on about the Israel and Egypt Pakistan India Taiwan on and on it goes. This is from Anonova and Austroid in publication
Uh, yeah, maybe we'll get to it. Maybe won't you might want to peruse it on our website along with the other great bedtime stories
Since Carlos is doing a fabulous job on our website
And then of course there's always Eric. Oh, we can put the pull up now Eric
And he already did look at that great minds work alike
We've done this before but of course it keeps changing
We want to keep our thumb on a pulse of the nation like the polls they keep taking the most dangerous person in the world today is
George W. Bush area El Shiroin Sodom if alive Hussein Osama if alive bin Laden Paul Wolfowitz Dick Cheney if alive
Richard Pearl Donald Rumsfeld Moha were David or Kim Jong Il
I think that's a pretty good list. Damn good
927 and 560 WDQ MD have two thousand dollars and more on a credit card if so please listen put your ear right on the edge of the radio
Dedicated consumer counseling can help you it'll cost you nothing
Dedicated is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you owe money to and it can cut your payments in half
Call 1-800-4 no debt. That's 1-800 the number four and letters N-O-D-E-B-T
Dedicated will help your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and it costs you
Zippo Zippo-Dudah
Nada the bank pays dedicated you pay nothing
So if you're trying to battle and credit card debt call dedicated at 1-800-4 and no debt
Call and find out how dedicated can help you you've got nothing to lose if you've just had it with credit card debt
High interest rates and late fees give dedicated consumer counseling a try and let them handle it from there
Call them right now 1-800-4 no debt and don't forget it cost you Zippo
What do you got to lose call 1-800 the number four no debt for dedicated consumer counseling
We're sports radio 560-CUA-U-A-M
Tell this is Randy West
If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy you should try girls
You know him as the staple of MSNBC news and now the long-awaited CD is here the Ramsey's sing their favorite speech boy hits
Well, we're not bragging but we killed our daughter and had enough money to
Right the authorities with plenty left over if we should decide to kill
No
We don't know
Through crack
In
In
Oh
I
Know
Yes, it's the Ramsey's singing their favorite the boy hits now available from guilty pleasure records
And I should like to point out that George always these people in apology because the globe this week the tabloid the globe says innocent
Judge clears John and Pancy Ramsay in the death of John the day. All right. You own an apology
Now here's a practice is do you remember polko and elven bishop? Yes, we do
Going back to yesterday's poll will take will continue taking the suggestions on that for next four or five months
Innocent is what the big headline says here Pancy Ramsey sobbed with relief after federal judge Julie Karns
Clear to of any involved by the way. He still can't tell if the body was what's your name
Lacey and the and the fetus what's your name?
Lacey Peters and I know what her name is him just to check and see for paying attention. Okay. They don't know what it is
Pancy Ramsey's son but third of any involvement in the murder of her daughter John
Bene I'm innocent and finally everybody knows that she guessed we still won't believe it by the way Pancy no
In a momentous decision for the Ramsey's in millions of people worldwide who were gripped by the case
Judge Karns reported the weight of the evidence is more consistent with the theory that an intruder murdered John
Bene that it is with a theory that Mrs Ramsey did so
ex-socialized Pancy whispered dear god. I never doubted you when she was told of the decision. It's victory at last
She said oh god
But it's been a long hard road and when I see John Bene I'll tell her all about this day when she sees John Bene in that wonderful place up above
Or down below as gloves exclusive photo showed the joyfully well. Well, let's hear the crux of it. Okay
In a devastating blow to the case that police built against the Ramsey's judge Karns ruled in land as U.S. District Court
That the evidence some of it never made public before cried out in truder
They've never been above above above be uh in the second floor guest bedroom close by John Bene's own room
A rope was discovered in a brown paper sack that neither belonged to the Ramzis
Got it got it how do they know if the rope or the brown paper sack belong to the Ramsey's right when crime scene investigators
Vacuum John Bene's bed they found small pieces of brown sack material other pieces were later found
In the body bag used to take her to the morgue the judge clearly believes that an intruder came in equipped with sack and rope
It indicates that there was a plan to abduct a little girl
Fiber is consistent with the cord and the Garrett used to strangle there were found in John Bene's bed
The judge thought this was important because defining the fibers the beds suggest the crime began there
Which tends to damage a long standing belief that Patsy hit John Bene in a rage in the bathroom and then staged everything the cover up
What was an accident?
At least seven windows and one door in the Ramsey's home were found open in the morning John Bene's body was discovered
Police test showed an intruder could end the basement through one of the windows
Leaves and white Styrofoam debris pulled in the window window well
We're scattered on the floor below suggesting somebody actually gotten in through there
How is it that all these years later? There's suddenly finding these things. I don't know
The basement lights were found out when the house was first searched for missing John Bene at 615 in the morning
The butters door between the basement and the kitchen was found a jar and that door was just yards away from the spiral staircase
Where the Ramsey not was discovered and it goes on and on so they didn't do it the olman apology
I'm gonna call them if you don't give it to them and don't worry about your bits anymore, huh?
No
Why not?
Because I'm a bastard hard guy. I like uh, huh? I'm a hard bit and I think they did it
So do I
Now what is this? Syria Vax weapon? Oh, yeah, that's right. Syria says they want a completely
Weapons of master's drug and free Middle East zone and of course they're gonna say not huh? No, we're gonna say no
Well, no, Israel's gonna have all those nuclear weapons don't they right because they're the good guys
Especially on pace off you don't want to call up Ariel Shiroon on a first day of Passover and say
Hey, by the way, all the noofs Schmidt can a man
No way no way Jose plus we got to get ready for that Syria pipeline
So Michael Moore in his book stupid white men in addition to telling us all the truth about the stolen
Election and all the other stuff that I read before just to show that he's fair in chapter 10
He says democrats d.o.a and boys he ever write
He assigned a bill providing for federal funds to be distributed to faith-based charitable organizations
He's expanded the number of federal crimes for which the death penalty can be given to a total of 60
He assigned to bill outlawing game marriages and is taken out ads on Christian radio stations
Touting is opposition to any form of legal same-sex couplings and a short span of time
He's been able to kick 10 million people off welfare. That's 10 million out of 14 million total recipients
He has promised states bonus funds that they can reduce their welfare numbers further
And made it easier to get these funds but not requiring the states to help the x-well for recipients find jobs
He's introduced a plan that would bar any assistance to teenage parents if they drop out of school leave their parents home
Though we is careful not to draw attention to what he supports many of the old provisions of newt gongrages contract with america
Including lowering the capital gains tax in spite of calls from republican governors like George Ryan of Illinois to support a more
A term on capital punishment he rejected all efforts to slow down the number of executions
Even effort was revealed that there are dozens of people on death through who are innocent
He has released funds for local communities to hire over a hundred thousand new police officers
And supports laws that put people behind bars for life after committing three crimes
Even if those crimes were shoplifting we're not paying for a pizza
There are now more people in america without health insurance the money took office
He assigned orders provading any form of health care to poor people around the west illegally
He supports a ban on late term abortions and promised to sign the first bill across his desk
That includes an exemption only if the life of the mother is in jeopardy
He signed an order provading any us funds going to any country to be used in helping women secure an abortion
He signed a one-year gag order that provokes using any federal funds and foreign countries where birth control agencies
mention abortion as an option to pregnant women
He has refused to sign the international land by and ban treaty already signed by 137 nations
But not by iraq libyan or three or the us
He has scuttled a Kyoto protocol by insisting that sinks in other words farmlands enforced
Be counted to a US percentage of emission reductions thus making a mockery of the whole treaty
Which was written primarily to reduce the carbon dioxide pollution from cars and factories
He has accelerated drilling for gas and oil on federal lands that have paced that matches
And in some cases exceeds the production level during the Reagan administration
He has approved the sale of one California oil field in the largest privatization of the
oil in american history and he opened the national petroleum reserve in laska
Something even Reagan wasn't able to do
And he became the first president since Richard Nixon
Not to force the auto manufacturers to improve their mileage per gallon
Which would have saved millions of barrels of oil each day
Yes you'd have to agree considering all of his above accomplishments
That Bill Clinton was one of the best Republican presidents we ever had
Accelerate
And i'll just read two more short paragraphs he says
There's been much hand-ranging since George W. Bush was given the office with good people in liberals everywhere
Freaked out that the son of a bush would wreak havoc with the environment
Turned back the clock on women's rights and have us all be setting prayers in schools and at traffic lights
They're right to be concerned
But Bush is only the uglier and somewhat meaner version of what we already had throughout the 90s
Accepted back then it came dressed in a charming smile from a guy who played soul tunes on a sax
And told us what kind of underwear he and his interns wore we'd like that it felt good and normal
He could sing the black national anthem he parted with glorious thine him
He watched my show i like the guys is michael morgue how do you like that and he goes on a great length
To document so many of these things that he did we're lost man. We got real tourists
I say michael morgue for president
Because he gay too yeah thank it lucky
Yeah
Yeah
Now you might be surprised at my vote on a poll i see already the results are pouring in another days pool on your arjus.com
52 votes
In just a matter of moments the most dangerous person in the world of age George W's leading with 28 i didn't vote for w
That's why I voted for i didn't i'll tell you one in a second oh sama if alive been laudan five
Dick Cheney if alive five and kinsheng you'll have five i voted for dick cheney you want to know why
I got an idea about i want to know
He's like uh tetagia
You see you should have known it was bisoni all along
Yeah, dick cheney is running the country that's why we really seen because he's behind the scenes pulling all the strings and making sure the
Halliburton gets those big contracts to clean up the mess we've made
By the way they'd like to have the lights back on and bag that sometime this year before next uh
Sookas i will i give it to you that's what they want they want some electricity back. Oh guess what's on right now
Oh now you got
Cherry
One moment please i wrote it down here. It's beyond the seventh door
My 1988 it's hot. Have you seen it? No done driving movie channel
I was thinking we just played the audio from that all day. It'd be very entertaining
After all of that tremendous energy i had to exert this morning anyway
Let's see who else is getting some votes. Every else your own's got four on Passover no less
oh
He makes my skin crawl that fat turd militant the turd burger
Sodom if alive who say insolent he got one. I guess we figure he's dead or we already could carry him right
Although we want to make sure his buddies don't go in the cereal. We'll have to attack them and then argentina
In fact, we're gonna go and argentina gets all those leftover Nazis to see what cabinet post we can give them
Don LaRomisfeld's got one and look at this wolfowitz and Richard Pearl have none that bothers me a lot because it indicates to me
That'll allow you people out there aren't reading our bedtime story aren't keeping up with what's really going on in the world
What a shock that is no they don't know who they are huh? No, they don't know who they are
That's disturbing speaking of bubble in the world got to do the break
See so much material and sold a little time only till noon today because it's Wednesday
We got the noon to one comedy
But it's our which we will continue by the way with the alike it or not because more people like it than not although it's close
Get we like it more of us. It's important is we like and it gives us a nice break well deserved
Especially if they have to bang my head all about a phone around on the floor here because the engineer is never
Like that
Go up there where it says connection and reboot this and you know stand on your head and stick
14 microphones in your ass and all this other and then I have nothing to do with it as always always the same thing
Why can't they just say our stuff down here sucks? We got a real mess down here, you know
And just admitted they can't do that because it's a reflection on their great engineering work at QAM
942 at 560 QAM
He just I'm telling I've got a neurosis about him now that Michael. What's his name Michael Moore?
I mean what is his name Michael Orlando might mark mark Morgan. I'm Mark Morgan QAM
I listen to mo now not because I want to hear more gilday. I just want to hear him go QAM well
Man, he just gives me the willies. I get like the shivers
Well, let me tell you if your carpets are schmoots you enough to give you the shivers do something about it
Don't just sit there look at him and be moaning your fate call my good friends and drag concepts like I always told you and every business every industry
There's one company one person one's outfit who's the best and when it comes to cleaning your carpets and making them look just like brand new drag concepts
Beyond the shadow of a doubt are the best
No axe murders working for them by the way all their technicians are schooled and certified by the institute of inspection cleaning and restoration
They know their crap to make a long story short and no matter how hopeless your carpets look
They'll come in here and drag clean them which makes them look just like brand new smell
I'm gonna refresh they're drying a couple of hours and you'll be amazed as you look around and say holy crap
What happened here and they give you written guaranteed price before they start the job
So you don't have to worry about rip-offs about tack-ons at the end. You'll have a real big smile like I said on your push
They also do us to finish job cleaning your poultry and drapery leather furniture your
Expensive area rugs and oriental carpet and your flying carpets if you have problems with pet orders and mild orders caused by water damage
They'll work their magic worth that magic sound a little thing
That's right just like that black concepts will do it for you calm toll-free. What is that under is that in my thing?
No, I just put it on my bank because magic wants on effect
Oh, I wanted okay, and if I've told you once you how many times I've told you
But third man, right? I'll drag concepts to I want that to one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
One eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or long under their website and find out all about the fantastic work
They do drag concepts calm when you call these folks drag concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight
Yeah
Yeah, do you see that the whole way? Do you want to play soldier just like the real guys?
Now you can have tons of fun playing war with the new nerf smart bomb
Just program the terrorists. Do you want to kill all play general Tommy Franks and yours is on his saying
But I don't want to be sit on and the nerf smart bomb will follow that dirty
Terrace until he's all blown up here it comes
I don't
That fun you can get rid of all the kids that don't agree with your views once you get the nerf smart bomb it's smart and it's the bomb
I think the technical curse of pay soft is falling on my finger today a punch the button and just kind of like sat there
Look at me like you kidding me 948 12 till 10 at 560 qm
We got the mad dog at one. We got the hopper at three in the studio and I heard he was on yesterday. He sent it okay to me
He had a young thing. I don't know if I um, I'll fax it to you. You had a thing
He had a thing. I don't know if he wants to discuss on the air. He didn't sound like he wanted to discuss on the air so uh, was it hemorrhage?
No
Was it
Here we'll do for a look what I'm doing. Well, no, I don't I don't know. I mean you shouldn't have said that he had a thing because it makes me nervous
Was it a serious thing was it like no no little landside biotics take care of it
Oh no
Nothing like that come on you're just you're just making I'm not peanut have like a crouch crickets
Anyway, I handled the honor three. He'll tell y'all about it. He had like some kind of an SPD
Uh, I thought you put that in the crankcase
Six-dirty it's marlins on direct seven oh five marlins of the police any KF to the baseball from GA and Joanne Mark overnight
And then of course in the morning it's moll and gildy our good-close personal buddies not
John and Port St. Lucie you're right on target as usual man
He says shouldn't John Ashcroff be ended of the pool and you are absolutely
He's as dangerous to Americans as rumcelled as to the middle of the Eastoners and everybody else John Ashcroff get him on there right away here
Call up for Eric and make sure he gets him on here Carlos
So what kind of a video disease was I mean
Then here's a fact about the mo talking about how he and gildy had a pretty good compared to you and mandog
Regarding to the idiot callers see it's not a question. They don't rate us on the colors
We get okay. Well, I know that comes as a bad the piece of news to you
And in addition to which we don't do that heavy screening in fact
We're doing screenless lately on this show and we still don't give a crap, you know
Right we don't care because we're not uptight and super sensitive like some other people out there
Like they got to cause them about the bullfighting everything is all indignant and bad out of shape. Oh your brother. Yo
Huffin and puffin. Huh? It says for George while he's talking religion today WWJD who wouldn't George do
Probably a short list
So I get back to Bubba
Clinton blast US approach to international affairs
And if anybody knows about them affairs it's Bubba
And I don't care, you know the stuff I just read from from Michael Moore's book and it's all true
But nevertheless, I don't care what anybody says including Michael Moore
If I have to choose if I had my brothers the Sally Carruthers would say if I had my brothers
I'd like to have Bubba in there right now
In fact, I'd like to turn a clock back many many months and have had him in there
Former US president Bill Clinton blasted US foreign policy adopted in the wake of 9-11 attacks arguing
The US cannot kill J. L. O'Rocke you by all of its adversaries
Our paradigm now seems to be something terrible happened to us on 9-11
And that gives us the right to interpret all future events in a way that everyone else in the world must agree with us
said Clinton who spoke at a seminar of governance organized by conference board
Why by some kind I don't know what that is. Is there a word left off in there? Whatever
And if they don't they can go straight to Halley said they don't agree with us
That I guess is the opinion washed and right they can go straight to hell right the Democratic former president who preceded George
W. The White House said that sooner or later the US had to find a way to cooperate with the world at large
We cannot run Clinton pointed out if you've got an independent world and you cannot
One if you've got an independent world you cannot kill J. L. O'Rocke you by all your adversaries sooner or later
You have to make a deal
You said he believed Washington overreacted a German and French opposition US plans for multi-action against the Mac
And suggested that the current administration had trouble juggling foreign and domestic issues since 9-11
It looks like we can't hold two guns at the same time
If you fight terrorism you can make America a better place to be
Clinton said that if he were at the White House right now he would scrap a
$726 billion tax cut proposal made by the president in January to stimulate the flagging economy
Yadi Yadi Yadi
That's going to do any good but that's what he's saying he's opening up a big push
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and 10 for rise in line
Most dangerous person in the world of age or age W 57 votes
Dick Cheney if alive 18 will check
Kim Jong Il 16 Osama if alive been lodged in 16 more Howard David and if alive 10
Arielle Shiroon and Donald Rumsfeld each have seven Paul Wolfowitz three Richard Pearl two
Sodom if alive who's saying one I guess he's small potatoes now and John Ashcroft just went on 137 votes
W2 Q. I.M.
But the flag is 6 up again. Oh god
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and 10 and for rise in the marvellous line
Cats got their tongues this morning George
Well, they're saying that they are I guess it's all bedtime stories till noon today. They got nothing over the show
Yeah, we just got that's right. I forgot it's past over. We're not going to get no calls today. We don't like him WQ. I.M.
John but
WQ. I.M.
Yes, I just want to have Rupert Murdoch on his knees list
That's a good choice
Because he's manipulating most of the news. Okay. Thank you. Rupert Murdoch get him on Eric
Air is probably busy with the breakfast burritos right now probably got one on each hand and a burrito too
Rupert Murdoch man who dares to feed you a pile of crap and smiles about it and runs all the way to the bank
WQ. I.M.
Maybe maybe we can get Moza misfits to colon day. Let's see. We got the lady. We got chronic a Lou. We got Steve a stuttering Steve
You got
What's a one you got one
Man what about the boot fighting too bad we can't have the
Feel a fill up to talk about the bullfighting right
Too bad we can't get your our quality callers on here as I started to say only moments ago before I interrupted myself
Nobody cares about that mode. They care about those numbers and a week from Friday
We'll see since you're comparing yourself to me in a mad dog
Which is kind of laughable to begin with we'll see who's got a number or not
And of course we have the added liability already of pissing off all the approach the bushlicers and the oh the warmongers
But that's okay. We'll take the chance and in spite of that we'll still see who's got the bigger one
A week from Friday he knew imagine the
Crapitation and Ed old man's bag that's going on right now. He won't admit it guarantee you
WQ. I.M. Hey, how you doing man? Okay, sir
Good morning. Do you listen real quick before I go on my little tantrums you allow me for a couple of minutes
Who says that?
30 man
That's old dirty bastard 30 we call it. Oh, okay. Anyway real quick. Me up before I have to go into work
Uh, I turn on the news yet that I don't know if you guys have talked about it. I mean
Been able to listen much enough. I already worried if Cuban
Damn actors
That's last week's news we talked about that last week about the o'lantan Grammys
They're starting up the same old character like I like I said
Narotic repetition nothing ever changes there the more things change the more they stay the same the same old banana
Pot mentality the same threats and the same much turning off the rest of the world, you know that's that's our
It really the only county in the world. It's got it's I'm a Cuban and I'm a Democrat needless to say I have many
People don't stick to me in my family, you know, because I'm a fag and I'm a communist. I was all wrapped up in one of course
You know, I threw them my friends threw them off. Keep going. I'm moving up to Broward George
You have any opening years in your house. Hey, Holly was coming along real nice actually
Yeah, you're too young to live in Hollywood man. Now. I'm 39. We're pushing the old parts out
Yeah, all right
I think I'm here. It's okay. We just have to work on the truck worked up worked up enough
Yeah, that's old news the Latin Grammys they start up the same old tire crap
I don't know about anybody else, but you know, I mentioned it
But as far as I'm concerned, it's just they just warned me out. I
They nothing's shocks us anymore. Nothing surprises us. Whatever. We never say oh, it's either doing this again
Because we know they're gonna do it again as soon as I heard the Latin Grammys were coming
I thought to myself why?
Because they're gonna encounter the same crap they always do in Dave County
You got a little bit out of Republic there in that Tomas regalato a professional smithist thirbur starting the same crap
Let me say this to you. Okay. It wasn't the Cuban singers. It wasn't the performers from Cuba who executed those three dissidents
Well, actually they were the hijackers and who was punishing all indiscence down there right now they didn't do it
I know that comes as a great surprise to you
They're not the ones responsible, but they're singing cummy songs. Yeah, but yeah, it's it's the usual brilliant mentality lump them all in together
Yeah, except when the Pope went there he was still a good guy when he was on the stage with Adele comparing war droves
and headgear
956 at 560 wq and you don't have to put on a fancy dress to go to pump an opark all you guys
The panthers who've done for the season the heat might as well be and call his basketball fanito
Marlon's off to another very rocky start and then often don't get started for another three months
But the good news is there's still some live action going on where you can be a big winner
Poppano park open for live harness racing Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight first post time 715
Free general parking free admission as well
In fact, maybe they got some pacifici candy waiting for a poppano park tonight
Come out to poppano and enjoy the thrill of nighttime horse racing action
And you're the sounds of thundering hooves coming down the stretch and cheer on the winner from the rail unless walley hennessees driving it
Poppano's got the live horse racing action you want plus thoroughbred
Highlight and harness racing cymbal casting from across North America starting at noon every day 7 days a week
We got your live cymbal casting and don't forget every Wednesday like tonight at poppano park it's dollar night dollar draft beers
Hot dog sodas and lots more this Saturday April 19
Bring the kids out for a special family fun night featuring Easter egg hunt for kids 12 under with a thousand hidden Easter eggs
It all gets started at 7 o'clock
A p.m. Plus the Easter money will be trackside there'll be free mini horse rides a magician and live music and dancing as well this Saturday April 19
All of these things and lots more waiting for you at poppano park a blocked south Atlantic Boulevard on power line road
Live and local
This is 4.2560
Way to play
Don't have a penis well congratulations get a life. I'm a foreman on a construction crew
So when one of my guys comes to me with a problem. It's my job to help
That's why I always recommend pro jock cream pro jock is a strong anti-itch anti-rash cream that works hard all day
Protecting your delegates and applying pro jock is easy simply unzip and remove your goods
liberally apply the cool soothing patented pro jock ointment along the entire outside like so
And I always like to take an extra dab and add it to my middle finger. It's slipping in here like this
Ah
That gives me extra protection to my sensitive tank the crotch area between my bag and tailpipe
There all done
So hanged thank you from an oak construction worker. Why find some pro jock cream today
Hey, who needs some gold pro jock anti-itch cream tough enough for him tough enough for you
10-1 at 560 now. Why would the hunter not want us to talk about what he
huh
Some sort of sensitive about uh, is it a sensitive area area? Yeah
Are you in a retract infection is a sensitive area?
Well, yeah, when it's infected. Yeah, but I don't get that that's not a sexually transmitted disease
Which is what you were saying before? Okay, isn't Carl says that what he said he said Hank had this the clap or something
Yeah, crabs. I think is what he said crab he said he had he was crabby and he had the clap
He was working on the clapper to try to get the phone working again
That's what our engineers do they stand in the corner and go like that to try to get the equipment working in the work of the trapper
Any urinary tract infection. Yeah, what happened who gets that old people?
Is that it like my mother and Hank and me and I bet your mose had a whole bunch of those. Oh, you can me. He's a pisser
Here's a fact that says clear channel stations are running spots from Calvary Chapel about how we're living in such troubled times
Of course, I wonder what they hooked those up to you know
Probably the donkeys back home. I don't know
Tom says in a country where the mentally ill can't own a gun we allow a moron to control our war machine good point
Tom very well said
well said
The unfite factor by Lloyd Grove on the associated press
It says maybe Bill O'Reilly should declare a no quips on
Emasing Saturday night's best friends rock and roll gala at the myriad warden park
Which raised 800 grand for the 15-year-old charity benefiting inner city school children the Fox news channel
Starrow Riley was trying to fill that air during a lull in the entertainment
Members of the best man is the sixth-to-waith grade boys in the program are called we're delayed getting on stage to perform a lip sync
Rendition of the four top stated reach out. I'll be there
Orally had lived does anyone know where the best men are. I hope they're not in the parking lot stealing our hubcaps
Oh good one
Many in the audience which included the cabinet secretary's Tommy Thompson the cheesehead
Gail Norton and Mel Martinez Mayor Tony Williams and business type strike Malach and Jim Kimsey apparently didn't hear about the hubcaps amid the hubbub
A witness spotted a tindi bow juric Derek's jaw dropping yesterday
She confirmed she did hear it but to climb to comment further channel nine anchor that's W. Orr anchor Andrea Rohn was overheard murmuring
Unbelieveable
To say that this conservative audience dominated undoubtedly by many of mr. O'Reilly's biggest fans was a guest
Is an understatement one attend the email. Let's asking for anonymity the well-known Republican politicians and their spouses seated at on your my table were appalled
Yesterday or Riley told us this is ridiculous and foolish no good deed goes unpunished if you guys want to snipe at me
Then snipe at me this thing raised a lot of money for a good charity everybody was happy. I don't want to come on anything else
Shree doesn't
Wow
There you go
There you go pilar rally at least you didn't sing
Need to sing that that would have been wrong that probably wasn't really bad. They'd really punished him then probably taking his show off the air
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line the real fact of the matter
I think Allison is North Korea desperately needs money their economy is in tatters
They're looking for long-term aid from the United States and the international community
I'm prepared to give up their
Nuclear program which the CIA says has the North Koreans with at least two nuclear weapons
And of course they started that reactor which is providing a weapons grade
Pottonian so all we got to do is bribe them that sounds good a few billion here a few billion air small potatoes
We got lots of money to throw around evidently
WQ I am
Good morning. Yes, I am I like to talk to Neil. Please speaking
You're Neil yes, I am oh, I'm sorry the other something in the news yesterday that is very depressing
I don't know if you talked about it
Rick Sanchez is coming back to Miami in July to do what?
Oh, they said he might be working on channel six. Oh
So in other words, he's getting dumped back down just like what's your name like michelle gillin?
Yeah, the clown from channel four and they said he they told me about three months ago, but then they call him back as you know during the war
But they didn't but they didn't put him under in the where they put they shoveled him over to CNBC to do like little updates
Yeah, but they said he might be back
When they heard about his squatting over the map as Capades during the first quarter said no don't put that jackass on
Was a to column with a picture of him under in the hell or yesterday?
So rich Sanchez is coming back to south Florida. What did I tell you the more it's changes the more it stays
I know I know that's why I have to call you when you say that I said I have to go in
Thanks for the bad news. Okay. Have a good day in YouTube. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil
So I might as well have one with you too. I'll tell you boy. He has really hit the big time, isn't he?
All that hyperventilating hysteria and at the phony that fake uh, yeah
Now I guess they thought out about that phone call he made too on when they were on a cause where the entourage going over to sister
Jeans house oil when he brought lunch remember that when he breathlessly tried to interrupt see
He's a guy doesn't want to report the news. He wants to make the news
Kind of like Elliott Rodriguez over there on channel four news, which I don't watch anymore by the way under penalty of death
Even with Angela Ray there, especially with Angela Ray there. She's the one who done it. She's she's the one who put me over the edge
Oh
You as president George Bush calls him proof that Iraq was harboring terrorists
Oh my god, it's right there you go have we found any weapons of mass destruction yet? No, I just asking passing
Somebody made the point yesterday that if they don't find not only weapon domestic destruction
But a very sizable amount they're gonna have one hell of a hard time justifying all of this carnage and this invasion
All these things is what they said. I just mentioned that in passing as well for your perusal
WQ I am
Hey, yeah, sir. Yes, sir. What was that website yesterday? You had with the with the article about what happened from 1990s that all concocted
What happened to you want you have this you're reading from a website you said from like from in the early 90s. All these
Warmonders had this whole big plan. Oh
He's talking about the story you're talking about the story about P-N-X. Yeah
Would you get what was I wonder for after a couple of people that these one moment please? Oh, don't tell me I don't still have that George
What moment please
One moment please
Voices it was from the Chapel Hill news now what website did I find that on Carlos?
What's on our website? What am I talking about it was on our website right from yesterday's bedtime story
So you can go to our you got a computer obviously
Go to our website and then click on the features page which has the stories the bedtime stories from past days
The headline on it is village voices by Mark Markopoulos
Thank you, sir
And thank you because I'm going to read it again today. We did again and rich fanches um that guy still bad
Yes, and why is it called pro player stadium? Can't see anybody anybody? Yeah, go to your while internet
Bye
Seems to me that the audience is just catching up on a lot of old news you know it well whatever
To respond it with tear gas
protesters are upset with EU countries that supported the war in Iraq
Village voices by Mark Markopoulos. I'm glad you mentioned it because I showed it over into my way off the site
I got a bunch of stuff that I saved and I would not have thought of reading it
I'm sure you wouldn't have reminded me to read it again today. No read it again today
5 6 7 0 5 60 they're ready to call on the board. I'm doing a little screenless here today
We got that big noon to one hour come up and there's Nicole because it's uh
Even the glam I guess is celebrating pay saw. Are you glad you did this but all that time making for the phones work?
What an excellent point
Man, I spent an hour down there on the floor crawling around and banging my head
We were like banging our heads all over the wall trying to figure out what was wrong here and
Just so you people that have years to say call in and have your say
Things are really often they
I mean what's going on here? Yeah, there he goes again. You hear that Carlos
He said something about his gay
WDQAM
Yeah, guys, we can hear him
Speaking
How you doing now? I'm doing okay. How are you doing?
Pretty good good
What's up?
He's in the United States in a veto the Syrian proposal for
Weapons of my stression three oh when you say veto the proposal. I mean, they're just they're just talking
There's gonna be any such proposal you think that we're gonna take away all the nuclear weapons from Israel
You really believe in Egypt. We're gonna take away all their stuff now
I mean we did shut down the pipeline yesterday. I think that's like almost like an act of war
Yeah, the pipeline meeting from Iraq to Syria. Mm-hmm. They use for their own consumption
I mean
We're concerned about the pipeline that goes to a high-file Israel. That's one we're worried about
Yeah, I mean, I'm not a
I'm a Republican, but I am I don't support Bush
What God bless you, man? All right, right right in Michael Moore's name on a ballot next year
You know, there's a really good article that I kind of like an afterthought. What else is from from Tom pain?
Yeah, ballots can keep bullets from flying. That's on our website today. I'm sure that being a voice got all of those stories up there already
He's not he he does no I don't think so. Yeah, he's nodding my ass
My ass up there
Valets can keep bullets from flying or called a register for peace
Elizabeth ready who served 12 years into Vermont Senate and is now in her second term as Vermont's auditor of accounts
She writes this article on Tompane.com.com and since good website
I want to get to that okay, and she's right all the people that are really crappin' it prepared the only problem
I would ask you this who we're gonna vote for
Brostra huh?
No seriously, I mean, I was certainly gonna vote for anybody, but Bush those of us who are appalled by this
I'm suggesting I know that's something to think about right a man. Pat be candid. At least he's got a good sense
I'm starting to like patty pain in my head
As grotesque as he is in many many ways and he'd like to fry my ass in the oven never nevertheless
He's starting to look a hell of a lot better than some I can think of not to mention any names. Just even Tura
bad the hairpiece
1013 at 560 if you don't have the right head gear. That's why Lieberman don't have a chance bad head gear
1013 at QAM if you're looking to do a little more this year for somebody's birthday new baby or to celebrate Easter
Send a Vermont teddy bear Vermont teddy bears are beautifully handmade and Vermont each one is a little bit different
They make a personal and sentimental gift. They'll be loved forever because they're guadantied for life
Bear counselors are ready to help you choose from over 100 bears when you call 1-800-829 beer or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
Send a hair bear for Easter complete with removable bunny ears or thank your administrative professional on the 23rd with our lifesaver bear
Every Vermont teddy bear comes with a free card and candy all delivered in a colorful gift box with an air hole
There's nothing like a box with an air hole even the presentation is extra special
You won't believe the reaction you'll get when you send a handcrafted Vermont teddy bear overnight and Saturday delivery are guaranteed
So call today tool free
1-800-829 bear or shop online if you'd like it Vermont teddy bear.com
Do a little bit extra this year and send a Vermont teddy bear for Easter for any special occasion for paysocks for circus for tissue mouth
Call 1-800-829-BEAR 1-800-829 bear and be sure and tell them that old neo-today to call
5-6-5-60
The radio's on your phone
You am
But I have a heart or a liver
This is an action news update
And the
We now bring you sedans who say in line
I have been cut off from the outside world and have not been able to do my laundry for a very long time
I am presently wearing in old wedding gown and a push-up bra
Later on this afternoon I will be chatting on a well t-word sedam the cross dresser
10-17-5-60 of course you've heard all the stories about how we made the secret deal in the Russians took him off in a convoy for an exchange for Sodom's freedom
Yes, we let him go off in a convoy and of course he just didn't put up any resistance and bagged that he hauled ass
And we let him go and then I was the end of that
That's just another one of those rumors because the bottom line is we really don't know we never seem to know
That's a little bit disturbing to me this like today, but it's certainly worth my reading a bedtime story
More raindowns always great
I'm not sure who I like the best Robert Cheers got a good one too with US policy. That's untidy
I'm gonna read that too. How do you like that?
I like it great
I beg your pardon that Robert Sheer article is incredible. Yes, it is
I'm gonna get to it momentarily because obviously the honest don't have a lot today
We don't want to push them too hard like the seed said you're pushing to art. How about the seeds for a list? What do you say?
Too late
I got how about the castaways? Hey that would have been good on list castaways the QAM song
The Greg Reed song
The Mojawa David did so
But they didn't make the cut
Damn it
History up at smoke rights marine doubt in today's New York Times last week the CIA was leading toward believing that Sodom
Hussein was alive and Osama bin Laden was dead this week the CIA is leading toward believing that Osama
Been Laden is alive and Sodom Hussein is dead unless of course Sodom is not dead
Even though Tommy Frank's claims to have Sodom's DNA
American forensics experts have not been
Poyne through the rubble of the Baghdad safe house in restaurant where Sodom and his sons were targeted in April 7th
A pretty good clue that they didn't expect to find any Sodom traces there
And last night rumors were flitting through the intelligence community that Sodom may be on the run after plastic surgery
The man is known to be an official not over cosmetic enhancement
He requested liposuction teeth whitening and hair transplant equipment through you and officials in
1998 as humanitarian as we haven't found any weapons of mass destruction
Is because all that bachelinum taxon he stored wasn't to make biological weapons is called pile said but Botox
What if Sodom never intended to defend Baghdad?
What if he plotted a body heat ending where a look alike would be blown up while he escaped away secluded tropical beach
It wouldn't have been so difficult while he went under the knife and the underground operating room or insuria
He could have put on old videotapes on a raki TV and set out doubles to do walkabouts and the wacky information minister to do lie about
It always seems suspicious that at the height of the bombing campaign Baghdad with American forces ringing the city
That Sodom stored in the Baghdad Bada Bada Bing flank by relatives in top aides
Whether the tacky tarot is Moab dust or has a new face he's gone
And we now own his country for the bargain down payment of the 79 billion dollars
America broke away from the British Empire and now it's building its own British style empire
We are as now for we obviously have some things to learn from the British when they carted off treasures of the nations
Conquer to the British Museum they at least preserved them for future generations to fight over who should own them
The coalition forces regarding the Iraqi or ministry building while hundreds of Iraqis ran sector ran off with precious air looms and artifacts from a
7,000-year-old civilization
Rumi blew off the repeated request of scholars and archaeologists that the soldiers must protect Iraqi history in the museum as
Zealous as zealotry in prayer. Let me say it again
Rumi blew off the repeated request of scholars archaeologists that the soldiers must protect Iraqi history in the museum
As zealously as they protected Iraqi wealth in the oil wells bad reading the old sorry the secretary defense medic
Clear yesterday
They was not too worried about a few old pots and the big schema things
He said it was a stretch to attribute the looting of the museum to a defect in the war plan
We've seen looting in this country. He said of the Pentagon briefing
We've seen rights at soccer games in various countries around the world to the extent that it happens in a war zone
It's difficult to stop the government should have taken 20 seconds when it was awarding the How to Burton contract to protect the art
Books in the hospital supplies even when they had the museum as an awful example the world planners let more of Iraqis
priceless intellectual history be destroyed as looters and arsonists ran second to their fate
Just because we don't want to be an empire doesn't mean we have to be utterly lacking in grand ore
Just because the leaders who prosecuted this war were oil men
Doesn't mean they have to prosecute the war like well men
Leonard Woolf Virginia Woolf's husband was sent to a governed part of Salon in the early 20th century and resigned
Discoordered about the difficulties of occupation
The most an imperial administration could hope to do we say with the rent people from killing one another
Or robbing one another or burning down the camp and that's the least we must do says marine doubt and today's New York time
Nice gone marine. It is an interesting very good point
She makes is that they weren't going through the rubble there to find traces of Sodom so we'd have some DNA
her
Or even to see if we could like find a body they weren't like pulling through that rubble in other words he wasn't there
But there were some families there and of course now well they're dead
I just mentioned that in passing. They're not as lucky as Ali good old lucky Ali man. He's doing great. That's a good nickname for
Lucky Ali mm-hmm. Yeah, like that dog lucky. You know the one that's blinded and no a one like missing sure no tail no ears
That he hey lucky honest right here
Robert she I don't want to read too many bedtime stories because that's like going back to that stuff again
You know, but I I feel compelled the spirit of somebody compels me the spirit of Michael Moore compels me
But we'll take some great calls and be twisted in between WQ I am
So what I mean?
Huh? Now come on we had a couple of good calls. I don't be so you're so negative. No. What's wrong with you
By the way, it was 83 here yesterday the high today's gonna be 46
That's true and tomorrow 35
And it'll warm up on a weekend. We like the little variety. You know, we don't want that constant and just little variety's good
You know
Hello, yes, ma'am
Hello, good. Neil. I've been having trouble getting through. I wanted to tell you
What I called about yesterday was the same thing that woman called about rich sandschev yeah
Actually she neglected to tell you the funniest part of the article. Okay, it says the reports of sandschev's leaving
MSNBC with published Monday in the news
Blue Zet a daily Orlando based newspaper
Newsletter widely circulated the newsletter called sandschev's quote a
Vamping hyperventilating tabloid bread brickhead
Oh
No specific explanation why he might be leaving the cable news channel. I love it
And on the subject of you Lieberman in today's Harold I mean I got some some stuff that's not true here on the comics page of all things
That's where he belongs. The book the boondocks as presidential hopeful Joseph Lieberman met with president Bush today at the White House
According to Ari Fleischer the president strongly encouraged Lieberman to switch from his usual tidy whitey underwear to more flattering silk boxers
Wait, it gets better. According to sources the president all thick. I'm really enjoying your show
I get more news from you than for anybody else. Keep it up. Thanks a lot. Bye bye
See just in time for paysock he gave a nice new outfit to a julieberman
Let's have a Passover sater right on here. What do you say? All right, get some kikki in here and a little
little ball of water tonight. Are you start with that juice stuff again? I would know a little heathen's pick
Robert Sheer writes you that would see that was a good call you're being sour
You're being sour with a call as we tried that for seven months. It was a bomb the audience went running away
You kept telling I love the bedtime stories well a little a little bit of that, you know
Not too much. They want us to take 70 ready calls and get you know three or four good ones in a bunch and it works
Although I'll tell you the week you run vacation last week man. Didn't we have great calls Carlos?
Incredible calls not an open line the phones were ringing off the hook
I did scream us every day because we don't want to put too much pressure on beener boy
It was phenomenal. And then of course George came back and say
Maddie call. Yeah, we got all those guys, but of course those are your boyfriend's anyway
They love you right they're obsessed with you all our older and years. He's always saying oh they love you
No, it's not me. They love their obsessed with you. They want you bad love you. They're calling you wrong wrong
They want you in effect. They they they lay out when you're not around, but when you come back there they are okay
WQ I am
Oh, yes, sir. I thought for Neil. Please speaking
Hey Neil what's going on? Why do you left this
Liberals always gotta put down
Whatever we go when you being reputed left this liberal come on
You often you're gonna hang up on me right?
I just asked you a question why do you have to say
You don't know the certain the only reason I would cut you off is because you don't want me to say anything goodbye
Goodbye
I was just wondering why you that term left this liberal's and I was gonna listen to the rest of the other say but he wants to
See you hey, he wants to fulfill his death wish on his call. Okay. He wants to show everybody how I will hang up on him
That's because of whatever he was gonna say you left this Liberals
I would just one time one time like there one of these people call and say something without taking a shot
You know just once won't happen no
You left this Liberals
Sir, you've got blood on your hands. That's what I would like to say to you go wash your hands with soap and water
It's good for SARS-2, but wash your hands because you have blood on them
Blood of thousands of innocent people including over a hundred young Americans and many many Brits and others
All in the never ending quest for oil and power
But this guy, you know, he's already got his mind made up and don't start talking about him after he's hung out after you're hung up on him
I would have been delighted to have a conversation with you sir
But when you want to start point see they really believe that if they just keep talking right that that's gonna work
If they're gonna outshot me, which is never gonna work is at that point. You're gonna hear that amazing sound that I'm sure this guy's heard many times
Here it is and he heard it and the price was right sir call us again sometime
Not
27 after 10 at 560 W to Q. I'm speaking of phones you ever thought about getting a wireless phone sure you have
You know how valuable is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times in your drug friends like George
Well, don't postpone it any longer get it done today. Just call wireless city a T-Mobile authorized dealer
Call them now to a free at 1-888
2-2-1-80-80 and wireless city will deliver today to your home or your business a new wireless phone ready for you to use
Wireless city a T-Mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect
What if for whatever you need like their new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city now at
888
2-2-1-80-80 call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free too
Just call one 888-2-1-80-80 service agreement required
So you printed materials or authorized representatives at wireless city for limited and complete details
Wireless city is your T-Mobile authorized dealer call one tripellate
2-2-1-80-80
We're supporting your 5-6-E UAM
Talk dirty to me
Between Ya
Could you guys marriage better
very good
unique
Take a journey all.
願い
Now it's flash.
I'm dying out of here.
What are we going to do with all you leftist liberals? I'd like to know who he's talking about.
Other than me and Randy, can you name another...
Not just talking in the local market or any area.
Name me another liberal talk show host on radio in a country. Name me one real fast.
No, no.
Time's up.
This is bad news that you just facts to me. It says, don't know if you saw or heard this,
did not see this in today's New York Post.
Comical Ali, Death of a Legend.
It could be more of Iraqi information minister Muhammad Said al-Sahab's trademarked this information
but there were reports yesterday that committed suicide.
Oh no.
And he was just getting ready to take over the most show.
That's a reprieve for you, Mo.
Damn it.
At least till next Friday.
To our rainy newspapers reported that Sodom's notorious spin-mice to who was our landish
briefings on the stage of the Iraq war, earned him the nickname Comical Ali,
hanged himself shortly after the fall of Baghdad last week.
The newspaper said the story of Al-Sahab's suicide came from unnamed Iraqi war refugees in the town of Delorne.
The report said Al-Sahab was ordered to stay at this post and continue to give the impression
that Sodom was in control even while other regime leaders and military commanders were fleeing.
He said he would hang himself last Wednesday hours after U.S. forces took control of Baghdad.
Are these reports accurate or were they planned by the minister of this information himself
in the hope that U.S. forces won't look for him?
Well, I will never know I guess.
That would be a shame, wouldn't it?
Damn it.
He was one of the few guys we like to still have around.
Plus all the civilians, by the way, most of them.
So I'm going to read the Mark Markopolis thing now or later.
I think I want to do it now.
Both?
No, I don't.
Robert Shira, I want to do now.
Huh?
I didn't say I'm not going to do both.
And then we got to stir about Elizabeth Smart and the inquirer says she was not the kidnapped.
She ran away.
That's the defense for this comeback, by the way.
Brian Mitchell, that's going to be the defense, is that she ran away with him and she was not kidnapped.
And the knife was just to cut through the screen on a window and to get in.
And for cheese.
Then we got the poor American idol.
Oh, he's a Brian C. Crest.
He's a real pussy evidently, got into a fight in the barn.
He said he fought like a woman.
He fights like a sissy, is what it says.
Well, at least he's a fight natural anyway.
Steve McQueen was murdered.
That's also in the inquirer.
Clans docked a new blocker, he was murdered, a cover to perpetuate the scale of cancer treatment in America.
Because he was going to blow the lid on him about how these alternatives were working for him.
But anyway, Robert Shira writes in today's Los Angeles Times.
How telling that US forces so carefully protected or max oil fields,
while ignoring the looting of Baghdad's internationally renowned museum.
The completed by all accounts preventable destruction in one of the world's most significant collections of antiquities,
is a fit metaphor for current US policy, which causes more serious damage to carelessness than calculation.
The notion that Iraq even has history, let alone that 7,000 years ago this line was the cradle of civilization,
is not likely to occur to the neo-Calmness running a brawny young nation barely more than 200 years old.
The United States earnest innocence is the charm that our entertainment industry markets so successfully around the world,
but it is also the perennial seed of disaster, as we blightly rearrange corners of the planet we only pretend to understand.
To Donald Rumsfeld, the widespread looting that is ravaged hospitalist libraries and museums in Iraq,
was simply further proof the US invasion of this fractured Muslim country represents liberation.
Freedom's untidy, he said, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes, translation,
you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette.
It almost sounds as if the defense secretary is projecting out of the looters of blanket excuse for deadly errors the White House and the US military have made,
and will continue to make in Iraq, alienating allies, killing civilians, hand-picking Kravitt and corrupt Iraqi leaders who haven't been in the country for decades.
This, after all, the distillation of the Bush doctrine, free countries are free to commit mistakes and commit crimes in unfree countries.
One wonders whether Rumsfeld would extend such tolerance to the United States own to mid-in-prisoners,
truly he wouldn't dismiss her country's long history of urban riots as an example of untidyness of freedom.
It's only in Iraq that we believe to quote a song Janis Joplin made famous that freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose.
Yet neither the awesome display of US military power or the slew of false testifications used to unleash it,
the imminent threat of Iraq's use of weapons of mass destruction, now likely to be proved non-existent,
or the unsubstantiated claim that Iraq is linked to 9-11, qualifies the U.S. to remake a nation with which we have absolutely no affinity.
If Iraq needs a foreign midwife to assist in its rebirth, it should be under the broaders sponsorship of the United Nations Security Council,
which our macho president continues to disparage for having failed to vote our way.
Will the democracy we so glibly promote for Iraq be pushed aside if it similarly fails to produce results to our liking?
Eager to rebuild their country after years of misrule,
will Iraqis really swallow the shameless plans of Bush insiders to privatize Iraqi oil while the administration awards billions of dollars in contracts US companies?
And what if Iraqi Muslim fundamentalists prove a successful at the polls as radicals in Algeria,
where the U.S. only mildly rebuked the repressive regime for smashing a popularly elected but theocratic opposition?
If the new Iraq follows the path of Pakistan and Turkey where the populace is inclined to obliterate any wall between state and church,
will the U.S. spin this as a victory for democracy?
Will Rumsfeld justify the ethical cleansing, common in a nation driven with competing tribes, clans, and religious sect arbitrarily packed together by previous colonial rulers as the unruly joy of freedom?
Why have the media bought the administration's propaganda that we come to Iraq with clean hands and virgin swords to slay the dragon of Sodom Hussein when the U.S. did so much to keep him in power?
Surely even embedded journalist recall that it was Reagan's administration special envoy Rumsfeld who met Hussein in the 80s to guarantee US support for Iraq's war with Iran?
Once again, we're deep in the nation building again that Bush the candidate railed against in 2000.
Having blundered in guns blazing, we should now play to win the peace slowly backing out and inviting a true multinational rebuilding effort with support from the UN and Muslim countries.
And for heaven's sake, can we remember in our next preemptive invasion it was signed at least a few of our tanks to protect the hospitals and museums?
Right, Robert Chirin, yesterday's LA time out there. He's good.
But you know, you left the liberals out there in the left coast, that's that LA time left coast.
Somebody faxed the other day about why is it what's so bad about being a liberal? The answer is nothing, absolutely positively nothing.
But you got to hand it to the right wingers, the conservatives caught them out of your want to be public goods. You got to hand it to them because they've made the word liberal a nathmonic.
It's a dirty word so that almost nobody in the Congress even will ever use that term for any other in Ted Kennedy. Can you tell me anybody who describes himself as a liberal? No.
So dirty word man, they succeeded in that just like they succeeded in stealing the 2000 election and succeed in turning the Democrats into a bunch of whims, bitches.
Wims and bloody bitches. Speaking of bitches, don't forget Friday the beast will be in here. I will have our way off. I have a feeling I may do better than him this week. I could be wrong. I think I might just beat him out.
What I started at 192.5. Yes sir. We'll see how he does this Friday.
As the great QAM slim down continues, well, Hank's got that urinary infection. I probably cost him an answer too.
Hey, if you want to lose some weight, balance for life is the way to go. Look at the beast, man. He looks a lot better than he used to when he's still a big fat tub. He's got a long way to go, but he's off to a good start. He's lost 60 pounds.
How many more do you think he can lose by summertime?
Loose weight, the easiest, delicious way would balance for life because number one, it tastes great. Number two, it works.
And number three, it's easy. Even if you're as simple, then you don't have to count any calories or carbs. You don't even have to go shopping.
Just sit there on your fat ass. All you do is choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program.
This any little menu you pick what you like. And that's it. And every day by 6 in the AM, they delivered you a little black sack.
All the food you need to keep you satisfied all day long, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, and I want to emphasize nothing frozen, no artificial ingredients, nothing in a little pre-fat box.
Everything is fresh and delicious made with the breast ingredients you'll find anywhere. And like I said, it'll keep you satisfied with a big smile on your push while it wait pours off.
So, you know, it's no fun being fat. You're sick. You look like crap. Lose that way with balance for life like the beast is doing lots of others too in this audience.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29. 9-5-4-568-32-29 and once and for all, take it off and keep it off. Or check them out on the web if you like it. Balance for life.com.
Get on the line and log. This is your 20-year-old bicycle. You weigh your own weight.
All right.
Pick up a phone at every asshole. I'll call the CIA. Just wink. Not one, one. Get it done. Put these scumbags away.
To the bones made by creeps to the bones made dirty bones find these creeps to the bones and the made by creeps to the bones made by dirty creeps.
Gas chamber. Legal injection. Firing squad. Get these creeps and scrap them in electric chair. High voltage. Get these creeps.
Let me ask you a question. What ever happened to Jose Padilla speaking of dirty bones? What about our friend from Miramar? I mean, your friend from Miramar, the one that they were saying they absolutely positively had a locating immediately not soon. Right? You ever hear any more about that?
Huh? Maybe it wasn't quite as urgent as they thought. Neil Hank wants you to explain the least double overtime when you're filling the other night but don't embarrass him on the air. That's cute.
I'll see I think even the Humper knows that in the playoffs. We don't have no tie games and there are no points for wins and so on. Tonight's the big night.
I find a way Shane Corson quits the team and I say, right, long overdue. Shane go away. Don't go away. May I just go away? Shane Corson just walked away. So I'm putting the team. I'm in a distraction and I'm an asshole and I suck and I'm leaving. And they said, you know what they said when Shane Corson said I'm leaving.
Old number 27. Bye. Bye. Bye. So he's gone. That's a piece of good news. Even better news is that Phil Howsley probably won't play too much of it all. Oh, is he bad? Anyway, game four that series is tonight right here at the air. Canada Center.
I know George is all whipped up to a frenzy about. Oh, yeah. Might actually come up for the game. I'd love to. Here's one that says I was down at Daniel Highlight. The man who walks in who. Oh, this is do you believe this? Whatever. Who walks in but our buddy?
No, but our bunk butt buddy. I went up to talk to him and asked him about his time in Milwaukee because that's where I'm from. He totally brushed me off. I asked if he was serious and he told me that he was going to get security if I didn't leave him alone.
At this point, I was pissed. So I told him I would leave him alone provided he took the allocat office had this piston off big time. He started yelling obscenities of me and I was returning a fire. Eventually security made me leave. What an arrogant asshole. It says. Absolutely correct. I'm not one of those people obsessed with celebrity. I've seen you at Pompa no Park, but I've never approached you. I was just going to give them the benefit of the doubt to when the over as a fan. He failed miserably. What a loser. Please play. Oh, you know what this guy wants to hear. In regard to his experience with the Mo. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh,
my. Oh, he wants me to put on. What is that? He wants this now. They're requesting a drop in back to back. Is that what we're doing on the show now? Yes. Oh, one moment, please. The other wife. You know, he doesn't want to hear that. Like they want to back to back. Oh, my. Oh, my. The wife. You know, okay? Who's the end? Yeah, I hope it comes you down. How do you like that? Mo brushed them off. Get out of here. You'll creep. Don't bother me. Okay. I'm an important star here.
Daniel. You know what? I don't want to say it. One of the case fine sponsors. I want to say. Here is a rob from PA again. The W. That. This is a good poll. I like that. We'll do this tomorrow. Thank you. Rob. This is a great poll. Do you like it? I like it. The W in George W. Bush stands for and he's got some suggestions here. Warmonger wasted. Wanting as an intelligence. Warped. Winer. And then we'll fill. Oh, that's good. Thank you, Rob. Do you have any idea how difficult it is? What you do coming up with a great poll every day?
Right. Just come up with that. What is that? Tough. Let's see. Here's one that's from a stuttering girl in homestead who's no relation to stuttering Steve. One of the chronic 10 regular quarters to the Mohawaii David had show along with Lou. I thought we got rid of you on that hockey hotline after the games years ago. Okay. It's Lou on a mobile. Here's Lou. Air reday now. But by any of the other. Say. Even our crank calls are better than Lou. Today's poll. Please put Alex Pinka. Picanius slash Steve Shiver. These guys are going to take us to the cleaners. I'd rather that be bombed than rape to the environment.
I don't have to look at officials. How do you like that? I guess the rape is funny. Yeah. I guess he hasn't heard about it. 5 6 7 0 5 6. The pound 5 6 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We got the mad dog at 1 o'clock. Was going to talk about all of his experiences. At least some of them in Augustin. His big trip to Michigan in Detroit. I guess he already probably done that. What the hell is he going to talk about the Marlon suck the heat they beat to the Raptor is better. Everybody does that. And there are seasons about done. How about all those players?
We got the golf teams in South Florida. I mean we got the standard cup playoffs going on. We got chain course and walked out on the leaves. We got all these exciting things that lightning and overtime last night. Glad to see that. That was great. Nice going Vinnie. Vinnie. Look have a yes. Fix it in there and the puck too. That was great. You can get you yourself. Screw that. Okay. Big fat tub of lard. Send it back to San Diego. This is the middle of April. Okay. Don't care about football in the middle of April. I love football, but to save the time for it. Okay. I realize it's your
one two. Your one no Johnny radio station. That's all they want to talk about because mostly that's all they know about. Junior say out. Middle of April. Anyway, the lightning course. The terrible start. Losing the first two at home to the capitals, which made me really sick. I hate the caps. And then they have a one in Washington. Since before George Washington was president. And last night they blow the lead three times. Get forced into overtime. There was yummy. Yagur on the ice with blood dripping out of his pus. And in overtime they went with a with a five on three. And that's that was
what would that be. That's right. This is not the regular season. See like Hank now I'm getting confused. They're not playing four on four overtime in a playoffs. You idiot. Oh, sorry. I'm getting confused like the Humper. It was a five on three and overtime. And Vinnie sticks in there for a really good. Nice going Tampa Bay. They're still alive. You found on this George. No. Let's talk some golf. What do you say? All right. What about that Mike Weir? I'm serious. If you could see that Simmons they're making up here about Mike Weir. It's really queer. It's a sad. I mean, they're
carrying on. I realize it's the first Canadian ever win the Masters and he's got the green jacket on. He's got like a boring little guy. He's okay. But I mean, they're carrying on like this is important. Even more important than those curling championships. Mike Weir a golf guy. All a cow. He's on the front page of every newspaper. He's he's out there before to hockey game Monday night. I mean, just everywhere is freaking Mike Weir. Luckily that we got on a plane and went back where he came from. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 team for eyes. I don't think it was worried about staying too long.
Kitchen at SARS do you have any QIM? Yeah, I'm talking to you. Yes, sir, speaking. Uh, Neil, what's all this crap about our not getting to bomb Syria? What does that mean? I mean, you want to push turn it into some sort of goddamn liberal? Give any idea. Oh, I'm not going to be serious. Speaking of Syria and just just a few months ago, we were going on about what a great job they've done in helping us and fight the world.
World wide war on terrorism. Right. Helping us hunt down the terrorists. Remember that? Sure. They were doing a good job. But then we discovered that pipeline air that the Israelis want. The one that goes to high. And we said, wow, all of a sudden we discovered they got weapons of mass destruction. It worked in Iraq. It's going to work over there. We can't find any, but they got lots of weapons of mass destruction. Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Sure. Very important. Doesn't matter if we find any or if they have any no, because we just make it up. Right. All we know we had they have been so does everybody else. US allies also have weapons of mass destruction. This article in ananova.
Series the latest target of US accusations over weapons of mass destruction. But the list of states with chemical biological or nuclear arms also extends to several US allies.
So the US and Britain cited a red star. So weapons of mass destruction. They're decision to invade and George Bush now says serious also sitting on an arsenal of chemical weapons.
But among the nations believe that WMD capability. Our states, the US may not consider hostile like Israel, Egypt, Pakistan, India and Taiwan and happy pace off to all of our friends in India.
John Wollstahl deputy director of the non proliferation project of the US Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said we tend to look the other way when it suits our interest that decision is come back to haunt us.
Israel's nuclear weapons program is thought to include about 200 warheads deployed on ballistic missiles and aircraft. Wollstahl said.
Is really official to not comment on the country's nuclear weapons potential to this mention the nuclear submarines. No, but that's also part of it. Yeah.
Egypt and other US allies believe the harbor chemical weapons along including deadly Syrian and VX agents along with perhaps an offensive bio weapons capability according to the moderate institute of international studies.
Indian Pakistan and publicly tested nuclear weapons as we all know. They also are suspected to be engaged in chemical and biological weapons research according to Carnegie and Monterey.
The entire one probably maintains a chemical weapons program and may have a biological research program according to Monterey Saudi Arabia has bought nuclear capable intermediate range missiles from China.
Although the Saudis are not believe to have unconventional warheads to put them in Wollstahl said other countries with current chemical and biological weapons stocks or research programs include of course Russia China Libya and Sudan according to the Carnegie Endowment.
Thank God that rational countries not rogue ones like Libya. Good rational kinds Sudan are the ones that have it. We can trust them. Right.
US and Britain developed their own chemical and biological weapons in the past. Britain has destroyed all such stocks and the US is still eliminating the last vestiges of its chemical weapons said.
Andy Smithson of the Henry L. Stimson Center National Security think tank in Washington. Although we hear to the contrary. In fact, we heard the developing new and even more evil things is what we're always hearing.
But nevertheless there you go. It's on our website today. Just peruse it. But when it's convenient all of a sudden you've got weapons of mass destruction. You're next because that's in the game plan. That's on the list. That's on the map. Don't you like the way they keep referring to this this map. Yeah.
That they're making out in this new world order they're creating. Didn't the access powers do that too. Didn't they take a map of the world and carve it up. That's correct.
A slice for us a little tiny slice for you another big big slice for us pulling over here. Frantz over there to UK over here. Of course don't forget Austria. They said sure.
Cover it. We're delighted. I don't think I'm going to be going to Vienna in times. Not even know if he any sausage when you come right down to it unless it looks really really telling.
I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be
But but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but it's the best
Oh, alright, good nice.
You know, a little machen.
Did you always follow suit and make your face more orange and outward, more like that?
on bail a whole different take on this classic too.
Oh, house is a very, very, very fun house.
With two caps in the yard.
It's a CD, jam packed with all the songs you want
to teach your children, Mike.
I am yours.
You are mine.
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash, because we still don't cash.
You know, we used to sing like a couple of boys named Sue.
But now the cash registers are ringing because we're singing
in a whole new register.
You are what you are.
And you make it hard.
The best of crossbees stills and cash.
Walk the line straight to your local record store
and pick up a copy today.
It's 11 o'clock at 5'60".
Everybody queue up.
We got that big noon to one comedy.
But sorry that we do everyones day coming up and noon to which we say,
Yeah, we like it a lot.
Todd and Hollywood is a real chronic factor where we got many, many chronic
factors.
Now, that's fine.
He says the Department of Homeland Security just lowered the
terror threat from elevated to arbitrary.
So sing a song about your business or just crawl up into a ball and die.
Also, PS Tom Ridge eats weaselass.
And if that's the case, keep him away from mow.
Oh, can you imagine if he gets to hold the mow's head?
Phil and Mudgate who's also chronic and also good
fact.
Who says I've visited a great website which we've seen before.
Smirkingchimp.com.
Yes.
And bought the two shirts that say I'm a proud member of the left wing
conspiracy and send a chicken hawk to Iraq.
On the back of the ladder were list many members of the Bush cartel
with captions on how they avoided military duty.
Other shirts include impeach bush and friends don't let friends vote
republican.
These are two many and there are many other eye-opening articles.
Were they highly recommended reading for anyone?
Seeing the truth.
Thank you very much Phil.
Get your printing improved a little bit.
I'm going to save that.
I'm going to check that out later on.
Okay, we've looked at that before.
It's cute.
Yes, we have.
Of course, up here will be no problem walking around with those
t-shirts on.
I think I might just get some whole bunch of them.
With the smiling smirking picture of Jean Crècheon on the back.
With that, with that little down curl down light.
The most, oh look at this.
Mike Oxlong says the most dangerous person in the world is your
close personal friend.
Greg, did you?
That's the word to it.
That was weird.
You wanted to walk out.
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you some of the time.
Greg, you know, there you go.
I had the cue thing on you.
Anyway, Greg Reed says the most dangerous person in the world.
Greg is okay.
He is what he is.
He's got balls.
How can you talk about the war once he announces that Toronto was in the
grips of a star epidemic.
Terror, terror can George pay you a visit.
No.
We already have enough disease up here already.
We don't want him.
Yeah, that's right.
How can I be talking about war when we got all these important things to worry about?
Seeing anybody here that's worried about it?
No, no.
Not that I've run into.
Anyways, 11.02 at 5.60 WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
I am your uncle.
WQAM.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I was just trying to find out what was the smoke in the car.
Is it smoking monkey?
Was that the fight that was just mentioned?
SmokingMonkey.org.
Very good.
Thank you.
SmokingButt.eng.
Get out of here.
Crazy person.
I don't tell him the real website because he's dangerous.
So you're one of those T-shirts and probably eat it.
You probably have a smack.
He's monkey with it.
Mark Markopoulos writes that I'm going to read this every day for the next five years.
Probably ought to leave this in an appropriate place like I don't know.
What should we do with the carless center?
Sure.
The front and center.
No, seriously, this ought to be, we ought to leave it on it with our current stories every day for like many, many days to come.
You don't agree?
Yeah.
Yeah, we can have a perfect place for it.
Yeah, I'll bet.
Rack them.
Mark Markopoulos in the Chapel Hill News writes, Village Voice is media failure.
I read this twice yesterday.
We did again.
We'll be overkill as we said in a rack.
Overkill.
But you know what?
Too bad.
Maybe I'll read it better.
Or maybe not.
Mark says it's reported that more than half of Americans believe that Sodom Hussein is responsible for the terrorist attacks of 9-11.
This means that the US media have utterly, spectacularly, shamefully and pathetically failed.
One of the most interesting aspects of this war has been the overall superiority of the Internet as a source of news.
In many cases, of course, this actually means access to news reports from all the world's media except the United States.
To the majority of the world's citizens who oppose the war really just hate freedom or are they getting better information?
At any rate, without the Internet, we are truth deprived.
In one sense, the US mainstream media has proved their total irrelevance is an accurate information source.
Tragically, it's worse than that.
They have proven that they have neither the professional journalistic integrity nor the individual ethical foundation resisting and listed the support of war that they have all people are where is based on lies.
First off, audio war drum beaters and troop supporters out there sending you outraged letters.
All I ask is that you provide a shred of real evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, or tell the readers that the Bushkabal didn't lie about the forged documents according to Prover Rack had a nuclear program, or the plagiarized California grad student's thesis that Colin Powell claimed came from unimpeachable sources, or the aluminum tubes that nobody in the world considered evidence of nuclear weapons construction, not even the Pentagon fundamentalists who cynically put forth this nonsense.
I urge you to write but spare me the sanctimonious unpatriotic smearing and give me some facts.
And please don't play the support the troops made in switch game, the carburet of alderman guts lurking to that one, even going so far to say they wanted the troops to have all the logistical support they needed to complete their jobs.
Translation, now that you're stuck fighting a war that we already understand to be illegal and unnecessary, we will stand by quietly while you kill thousands of Iraqis, not only young men and boys in the Iraqi army, but more than a thousand innocent people, and won't many thousands more including young children,
with their arms blown off or blighted by a shrapnel, and we will stand by quietly while you die get wounded or psychologically warped.
Supporting the troops apparently does not include opposing the use of depleted uranium shells that ruin the lives of tens of thousands of Gulf War veterans, and we'll do the same this go round with barely a mention in the media,
though so intent on supporting the war effort to the expensive authentic journalism.
Not to mention the hellish experience of war itself.
Veteran Moore correspondent Chris Hens is recently wrote in essay, Decrying the censorship that has kept images of the true face of wars destruction out of American living rooms.
If we saw the deep psychological scars of slaughter, the way it means and stunts those who participate in more for the rest of their lives, we would keep our children away.
Supporting the troops also apparently does not apply to the media that have glossed over or ignored the lies and bribery that laid the groundwork for this invasion.
How absurd that the mother of a killed soldier was heard to say on the radio that her boy died to protect Salt Lake City where she lived.
What could he die for? Put project for a new American century in your search engine.
The late 90s think tank membership reads like the Iraqi war chicken-oct roster, Wolfowitz, Pearl, Cheney, Abrams, Jeb Bush, and Moore.
It's a simple doctor they crafted. In large US power and resource control by expanding the military, choosing a conflict that will result in a quick win and an impressive show of force to the rest of the world,
Iraq was singled out by them as the preferred country and then continue on to invade other countries with Egypt and Saudi Arabia mentioned in order to gain control of the media specifically.
Did we really think the world's most incredible military machine would not inevitably attract the type of maniacal people that throughout human history have always been attracted to the positions of enormous power?
Do we think that these people even though they exhibit the same disrespect for truth, the same propensity for self-aggrandizement, the same contempt for democracy and freedom as petty power grabbers through the ages are somehow more trustworthy because there are Americans?
Here's a quote from one of the most powerful people in the world today, Richard Pearl, close advisor to Bush, who's also known in Washington as the Prince of Darkness.
If we let our vision of the world go forth and we embrace it entirely and we don't try to piece together clever diplomacy but just wage total war, our children will sing great songs about us years from now.
Oh, chilly, no, chilling.
Got some mushroom cocktail chilling in the refrigerator.
Yeah, chilly.
Well, here's some more choices.
George Whippersnapper, Bush Whippersnapper, diminutive insignificant or presumptuous person presumptuous overstepping due bounds, taking liberties, overweening.
Overweening.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Inforizement Wireless Line.
WDQAM.
Neil, why is this?
Yes, sir.
Oh, you got me off guard.
I know you were once you were.
Good.
A couple of quick things.
You sound fantastically happy in Toronto.
Anybody that says different, crazy, just wants to hear you miserable, never come back to Miami.
But shows got a lot of energy from Toronto, sounds fantastic.
I got news for you, the times that come back to Miami will be very short lived.
OK, unless we have a massive SARS outbreak in the general community here, I will not be coming back to Miami for a while.
And the times like I said, I do come back a week here a few days there.
That's more than enough, believe me.
You guys were talking about these hawks on the right and the reasons they neglected to serve the country like they want all the other people to serve.
Right.
Rush Limbaugh comes to mind.
I'm not sure if you know, but Jack Cole claims that he has evidence back when he was alive that Rush Limbaugh got out of serving in Vietnam
because he failed to physical due to a palanital cyst.
Basically a cyst on his tailbone.
Yeah, boil on his ass, right?
That boil on his ass.
OK, thanks for the good news.
Yep, see ya.
See ya.
And say hi to Lardass, OK?
Lophthah, lophthah, lophthah, lophthah.
Let me say it again.
I want to say it for the umpteenth time, but it's true.
Anybody, you know, we have many people who call and say, I don't agree with everything you say, but I enjoy it.
Well, of course you don't agree with everything I say.
I don't agree with everything.
Anybody says.
Except me.
Right.
But this business that we ought to be diddleheads and blindly follow some loud pontificating bag of wind is just ludicrous.
And those people, the pickup truck driving Yahoo's who certainly don't check out the internet for anything except the much of pictures of the internet.
The internet, all their check on the internet all rack for some porno size, but that's about it, which is fine.
But at least in the meantime, I learned something too.
He says who's got the biggest boobies.
In fact, talking about this administration speaking to the biggest boobies,
how's the pool coming to you?
The most dangerous person in the world today is look at that.
He's almost as popular as Frank Zappa.
No, rarely do we have a pool that somebody went 401 votes already and George W's got 162 of them.
Osama if alive been loud and 50, Dick Cheney if alive 40, Moe Howard David if alive 37, Kim Jong-il 37, John Ascroft Elite edition has got 18 and moving up.
Ariel Shiro and even on pace off 17, just in honor of Passover, I said a telegram to Ariel Shiro and today.
I said happy Passover and by the way, Cox a hoist.
Donald Rumsfeld's got 16, Richard Purley, Paul Wolfowitz 7, Rupert Murdoch's got 7,
and the Sodom if alive who's saying only got a small pair now.
Thanks to that plastic surgery.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 out.
Maybe you saw the same plastic surgeon that Mr. Ego goes to.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm gonna watch that again, I got it on DVD, I'm also gonna watch this week, born on the 4th of July, which yours got me a copy of. Right. Yeah, I'm gonna watch that. Now, is it the pressing you said something about his legs were blown off? He winds up in a wheelchair. It's a part of the issues that he has to deal with and it's a true story about a real guy who's alive right now and very, very active in the anti-war movements. Oh, yeah, I know that. So it ends on an up note. He perseveres. He's a survivor. No, thanks to, well, you'll see. I hope he's doing better than Ali.
Although Ali, a court in MSNBC, he's doing great. You're gonna really like his mom in the movie. I mean, do they really believe that? I guess they do that the public is that stupid. Yeah. Here's this tragic little 12 year old boys had both arms blown off who was on a virgin death who suffered just excruciating pain with burns over 90% of his body and oh, he's doing what a great feel good story that is. You know what the public is? That stupid. Oh my God. 13 past 11. Just keep playing.
Press it on, man. Don't stop and think about it. Just keep pushing forward. Take that paycheck. Got another one coming up just nine days from now. Got that big book coming up just nine days from now. Oh, look at that. It's a good thing. Pay the is not maybe the paychecks will show up before the ratings. You know what I mean, Mo? Hey, do you have $2,000 or more on a credit card? $2,000 or Mo? If so, listen to this. Dedicated consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you Zippo. Nothing. Not a penny. Dedicated is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the companies you all money to.
And they can cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NO-DEAT. That's 1-800-4-NL-N-O-D-E-B-T. Dedicated will help your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and it costs you nothing. The bank pays dedicated so you pay zero. If you're tired of rattling credit card debt, call dedicated right now and check this out. There's no obligation. Call 1-800-4-NO-DEAT. Call and find out how dedicated can help you. You have nothing to lose. If you just had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees, you have dedicated consumer counseling and trial and LB handling for
you from there. Call dedicated right now and 1-800-4-NO-DEAT. In case you don't know how to spell it, don't forget to cost you nothing. 1-800-4-NO-DEAT. For dedicated consumer counseling.
My life and law. This is Fort Real by City. You ain't too way.
Fort Radio. 560 double huge rainhead.
Hello again everyone from the Channel 7 News Center. I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60-second goal-for-up date. We have some new reports that just came in. They're hard to explain. So let's move to the Middle East War map.
Rick's world if you will and I'll try to explain.
Rick's world. Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Rick's world.
Come on, Rick.
I've been in love.
Good.
igger.
Come on, Rick!
here here, on,
HERE.
here, on,
here safe.
Come on, Rick!
I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I
am a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty,
I'm a lasty, yeah, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, yeah,cy God,
I'm a lasty, I'm a lasty, yeah,cy God, I'm a lasty, yeah,cy God, I'm a lasty, yeah,cy God, I'm a lasty, год, I'm a lasty, yeah,cy God, I'm a lasty, yeah,cy God.
Level 133 or 560, WQM, great bedtime story on paper, and our website today, Robert Schisms
This was in fact that he's been writing great stuff all along.
Library books, letters, and priceless documents, set ablaze.
And final chapter of the sacking of Baghdad.
I'm not going to read the whole thing just a very last paragraph.
He says for almost a thousand years, Baghdad was the cultural capital of the Arab world,
the most literate population in the Middle East.
Genghis Khan's grandson, birthed a city in the 13th century, and so it was said the Tigris
River ran black with the ink of books.
Yesterday, the black ashes of thousands of ancient documentaries filled the skies of Iraq.
Why?
That's what he wants to know.
Why?
Anyway, you might want to read that.
You might want to prove that along with our other 7500 outstanding stories on our website.
The most dangerous person in the world today, we ask today on eurongers.com.
George W. Runnin' away with it over 41% out of 471 votes.
He's got 194.
Osama if Al-Ai bin Laden 61.
Kim Jong-Eol 46.
Dick Cheney if Alive 43.
Mohaar Davidif Alive, debatable 39.
John Ascroft 22.
Ariel Sireon 19.
Donald Rumsfeld 19.
Richard Pearl 10.
Paul Wolfeowicz 8.
Rupert Murdoch 8.
And Sodomif Alive who's saying he's been reduced to a small pair.
How do you like that?
Can I believe that people can't see that game tonight?
Shame on Southfoot.
Another groupie's not to be there.
I would be surprised if Leafs TV is re-showing a game from the other night again right now.
You know, there's the fancam.
One of the playoffs I'm really concerned about the injuries.
I think the dirty deal, Laura, is right.
Because I'm prejudiced being the case.
Of course, and the NBA, a friend of mine, but I think he's got a lot to offer.
Yeah, good old Duggy Gailmore, good Kingston boy.
We want the Steve Thomas instead.
And how about that BM?
You're always knocking Brian Murray, George.
Always knocking BM.
Making fun of his little speech defect and things like that.
And it was mighty Dutchman.
They might just sweep the winch.
They're on their way.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
He's on pay-falk.
And back to you.
Good idea, right?
Good idea, right?
How big your pardon?
Did I do that right?
You did it perfect.
Not bad for a Midwestern Methodist.
Hmm, for Midwestern Goy.
Yeah, well, I'm not anymore.
I've rejected religion.
Good for you.
But can you play stuck in a temple with Jews today?
Sure, that would be great.
During the 12th of the one.
Or I could do it right now.
Oh, okay.
See you.
See you.
Bye.
Oh, I...
Oh, I...
I don't know why I came here tonight.
I got the feeling that something arrived.
Here.
Put on a armor cut and don't take it off.
If you see your rabbi say my zoltar.
Smokes to the left and knees.
Pots to the right.
Here I am stuck in a temple with Jews.
Well, I'm stuck in a temple with Jews.
And I'm wondering what it is I should do.
I don't want to play it the way it was.
And I know that I don't like my subordinates.
Smokes to the left and knees.
Pots to the right.
Here I am stuck in a temple with Jews.
Well, you're in your daddy's business.
What you claim that you're a subordinates.
Then your uncle's side comes over.
Ask your father, a bagel and cream.
Chee.
Baaaaaah!
Hey!
Hey!
21-till noon.
Now it's great.
Yep.
The ending made it.
Now the whole thing is great.
Nice going, KJ.
How is he doing?
He's still stopping his little girl around like a boy.
He's great.
Look at this.
From the inside, there goes extemporaneous ophthalene.
There's a little bonus harness racing coverage for our friends at Pombo-no Park from Dover Downs.
When I have the slots by the way of Dover Downs, which is why I have those gigantic purses and great racing.
I've got Eddie Davis, Eddie Davis, Jr., George Dennis, Eddie Dennis.
And all the guys have the same last name.
It's great.
I'll tell you that it's really great.
And that's olio-med.
My blood pressure is so damn good, I can't believe it.
It's dang good as buddy-buddy Paxen would say.
Because I'm part of the reason being that I'm taking that olio-med for blood pressure.
They've got all kinds of different products for different health needs.
Olio-med is the finest olive oil that money can buy.
Combine with all kinds of good stuff to help you improve your health.
Olio-med everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol.
And now there are 14 different olio-med formulas for which to choose.
Which you can choose from that you can buy from.
Each one combining pharmaceutical-grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure,
your immune system, and lots more.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for what you need.
And now there are three new olio-med formulas when to help you sleep.
Allian, ambushed queen coming to the outside.
Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Zensadano, or order it online at olio-medamerica.com.
If you want to get more information about the great olio-med products and what they can do for you, call them to or free 1-866-Oliomed.
1-866-6536-333 for better health, start popping some olio-med in your push today.
Fight at your local, this is 6560.
There are you though yours.
You am.
Read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding.
Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know.
When I'm born, I'm black.
When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black.
When I go out in the sun, I'm black.
When I go out in the cold, I'm black.
When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black.
But you, my white man, when you're born, you're pink.
When you grow up, you're white.
When you get sick, you are green.
When you go out in the sun, you go red.
And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow.
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die, you turn purple.
And you've got the damn nerve to call me Colet.
145 at 560 WQIM. Happy Wednesday to you.
Here's one that says the facts.
Please, please, please play.
How about convert any good to Wood you?
I think they mean Earl Strikes is a conversion of the one our good friend, Laura Schwartz.
We'll have that in the noon to one hour and the all comedy bits are.
We'll have a lot of juice stuff.
So it is pace off.
I don't think, I don't know, nobody really did tell me what I'd mots up and stuff.
They did. They did.
They did. They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
They did.
Everyone who maintained theent
parts part of the genetic
character and flourishing
in the program posted information
about hairy onion and
douche hàngmachin.
million new voters registered for peace. Some 56 million Americans are eligible to vote,
but are unregistered according to U.S. Census. Of course, that would be unprecedented, but
a register for peace drive would be hugely significant if it signed up even three million
new voters. More important still would be a massive get out the vote effort aimed at
all peace-minded citizens, newly registered or otherwise.
The same activist doing a registration might commit to phoning each of 1020 peace voters
once per month and then weekly in the month before election day. A GO TV effort like that
could increase turnout by millions in November 2004, this would be one peace demonstration
the president could not ignore. Peace means more than just anti-war. It summarizes
in award the concepts of economic and environmental justice, civil rights, equality, democracy, and
compassion. With that understanding in mind, peace organizers can broaden the call for a massive
registration and GO TV effort. The ACLU will soon announce that its membership has
grown 33% since 9-11, a sign that the public perceives the administration's home-line security
policies as a threat to civil liberties. Likewise, the more the public comprehends the
anti-invermental agenda pushed by the White House and its friends in Congress, the less
they like, Sierra Club membership is us up 15% since Mr. Bush came to Washington and
polls show shrinking support for the Bush economic program as Americans grasp the profound
implication of the president's Robin Hood and reverse tax policies.
Clearly, preemptive war and unilateral foreign policy are just two issues that American
minds and register for peace movement might benefit from these new public concerns. It
might also find support among Americans suffering from lack of health insurance and among seniors
unable to afford their prescription drugs. Everyone loves the winner in the uprising
route in Iraq by our best in the world U.S. soldiers cheered on by TV news, has produced
a spike in American public support for military action in Iraq. It also proves how overblown
the Iraqi threat was to begin with. The White House obviously hopes to sustain it by shaking
the world they saw it at new targets like Syria and by crying we told you so while pointing
into the discovery of very chemical or biological weapons labs. Those opposed to the eventualism
in Iraq and elsewhere must not heed the Trump and Cerditude of Hawks they must answer
with determination to make change. The centers, the spares, does unpatriotic by some
Hawks undoubtedly cause President Bush to think twice before launching his preemptive
war despite his fainting difference. Demonstrators need the defendant's solemn or excused illegal
weapons. They did however seek a way to disarm the dictator that would strengthen not
weaken the international community and one that would avoid all out war.
What's clear now is that the changes they sought and still seek need more than the
vigils, marches and chance, political leaders who want to wage war may be deterred when
everyday people register for peace and promise to vote, ballots can keep bullets from flying.
Pretty good on campaign.com. I'm going to vote. I got my, they sent me my replacement
voters as a registration card after I burned the other one. Yeah. And I'm not going to do it.
Huh? Good. Well now you remember I burn it or tore it up or whatever because I was
pissed off about that whole, I don't even know if I vote counted to be honest with you.
Didn't you vote for Buchanan? No, I did not vote for Buchanan. How do you know? I'm not
in Palm Beach. Five minutes to post. Okay, Frank, just calm down. Will you please? I think
we ought to play the driving movie channel. All right. Have a regular segment. You can
do it. What do we say now? Search and destroy movies for the glory.
South Vietnamese official brings it. Deadly bandit. I filled the Niagara Falls real tourist
trap. Have you ever been there? No. Don't. Okay. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line QAM. Hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. Could you, uh, by any
chance, reach something positive about what happened in this war? No. Why not? What was that?
Well, I don't have to read it. Why don't you tell me what happened besides Sodom is gone. What
else? Well, I mean, it sounds, it was saying when he was there, uh, the car that he created
with far worse than the long run than what we've done. How do you know that? Well, because
freedom is going to, going to come out. Freedom is going to ring. Let me ask you this. How come
when he was gassing the Kurds? How come nobody in this country, including Rumsfeld and Reagan,
said anything about it? I have no answer for that, but our intelligence. Well, what do you mean
you have to have any thought about that? Having you wondered why? Well, sure. If he was the most
ruthless dictator in the world, how come five years ago when the Dick Cheney was sitting on
the board of directors in Halibut and they were doing multi billion dollars business with him,
if he was so corrupt and butchering his own people? Well, you know, why is it you won't answer my
question? Because I don't have an answer for that. Well, go find out some. Okay. No, don't go call
here and ask me to try to make something positive about this butchery that we just did. Okay.
If you want to see that turn on any of your TV networks, okay? Turn on Fox and CNN, MSNBC in that order
and you'll see all this wonderful thing. You'll see MSNBC with a bulletin board there with
the pictures of these soldiers. Hopefully, I'll still lie, but we know they're not.
There was nothing positive about this. He called before. Ask all these, ask all the people over there
right now. How positive it is. We're going to look at it. Look at it. Look at what they're showing on
TV right now on CBC. But of course you can't see it. Has been pathetic. Just tragic.
Just like an Afghanistan, we bombed it into the Stone Age and then we left and Hamid Karzai says,
all the promises that they made to us didn't keep them. They just got up and hauled ass-like
it the last time and now all the world words have come back and taken over again. Don't tell me
about how glorious and wonderful the war was until we see something positive happening. And by
the way, General J. Garner and this Chalabi guy, Ahmed Chalabi, they don't want any part of these
people running their country. Chalabi hasn't been there for 48 years. Plus the fact he's a convicted
smuggler. I mean, extort her. Scumbag. Don't confuse these people with the facts. Can't you say
something? No, I can't. The only thing positive I can say is thank goodness it didn't last any longer.
We didn't put you anymore innocent people and lose anymore young lives of Americans and brits.
That's what I can say. It was needless. There was anybody who died there for any good reason that
anybody can tell you. And when in this business of weapons of mass destruction, where are they?
I'm just ass area. Well, that's right. They're all in Syria now. They swung them all across the
border underground and that underground railroad they have. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if
they were over there with Sodom right now. He's probably getting this ready to start up again.
Syria. I mean, one day they're telling us about how great they've been on helping us fight
terrorism and I know the Syrians have come back. But nevertheless, did we just tell them to
go and now, now all of a sudden they got this and they got that. I'll say it again, we shouldn't
give Israel one penny in four and eight ever again until they until all of those settlements are
cleaned out. Then you'd see how fast all of those people go back where the hell they belong and
then sit down at the peace table and talk some real sand of the instead of this nonsense.
Where they keep taunting these lunatics, these suicide bombers and they're doing nothing.
It's like a game of chicken, you know. You come and get us and we'll go back and we'll kill a whole
bunch of your people innocent men, women and children. It's it's it's pathetic. But then again,
when you keep looking at the various reasons that were into that game, we got these fundamentalist
Christians now the board again. So yes, Israel's got to be our ally under any and all circumstances
because filling the blanks. Right. Armageddon baby. Now that's right. So they can be the ponds that
are nasty sick game eventually. They don't know it yet, but we know what they're going.
1154 at 560 WQM and this is Brandy's 25th year in business and a shoe business in
Pompeville Beach and Borough, they're a great store. That's why they've been around so long.
They offer you a fantastic unbeatable selection of men's and women's famous brands shoes like
rock ports, echoes, nefisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S., floor shaman lots more. Well that was beautiful.
Maybe it was that the street meat. Then there's the wide range of sizes at Brandy's men's
six to 15 women's five to 12 in the very narrow to the very wide. Even if it got big giant
a feet like Tom Willing, avoid it. He looked good last night or what? And don't forget the
professional sales staff at Brandy's. They'll take really good care of you. Make sure you get a
perfect fit every time and with over 40,000 pairs of shoes and stock and they're 8,000 square foot
mega store. You'll almost never hear, sorry, mister, we just don't have your size in that shoe.
So head for Brandy's. Take your puts these over there and get a great deal every time because
they always have a special sale going on. Brandy's shoes you'll find them at 1290 North
Federal Highway in Pompeville Beach open daily nine till nine every Sunday 10 till five. And don't
forget all this week at Brandy's. It's a great time to buy S a shoes take 20% off all men's
of women's shoes. S a styles and be sure to visit Brandy's on the web if you like at Brandy's shoes
Brandy's shoes dot com.
I am from Ili and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from shoes and listening to the
new rocket. I'm gonna use that hour. Take that.
Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now YouTube can turn your pagan ways around
at Earl Stripesys. We'll convert any goi for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our
successful graduates.
At Earl Stripesys we'll convert anyone into a Jew.
Malakim Hakadosh Parupu translated means sorry I must have left my wallet at home.
Millakim Hakadosh translated means stewardess did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Millak Mahalakim Hakadosh Parup translated yes rabbi the check is in the mail. Yes YouTube can
convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl Stripesys. Act now and get a free yardside candle for just
10 dollars. Earl Stripesys will convert any goi for just 99.95 or more if we can.
Hamla Khim. How the hell am I supposed to read backwards for Christ's day?
I took a call from the eponics. They say the future be right for me. Now I can't get snow jobs
because I don't got no literacy. I's talking like an old league road.
Eponics thought they how this way. Now I can't do nothing but my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot road drive a doos and a quarter and a candle light.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging out tied the
building their bar. Grind the blues out poverty. White devil's got snow job for me and
30 biomedics will give my life of change now.
Got to go in and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine.
Lordy would have bought in the song.
Eponics makes me sound funny. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money.
They were poohed sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. Eponics ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal a purse and pull her hair. Then I gonna take her money
by a cereal and a fridge of dead.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging out tied the building their bar
Grind the blues out poverty. White devil's got snow job for me and
30 biomedics will give my life of change now
Got to go in and sell more crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine.
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next
Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all
electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles,
alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world.
Next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. mark it down.
Oh, right. Trust was giving me some food today.
Close the feeling it made me realize.
Turning blue and getting a good call.
I guess I died at 57 years old.
I'm at a cornering.
I'm at a cornering on bay.
Look at that dirty brownie.
The rooms can slide as the chemicals file down on the sheltering spot has overnight
naming things inmartial silence.
This dude is afraid this house is the one we're looking for.
I just want to go back to the world!
I can't believe it!
And then...
We engage in the world today
Takes everything you've got
Now you want to be legally married
Just because you're squat
Wouldn't you like to get away?
Sometimes you want to go
Where everybody knows you're gay
I hear that Key West is okay
You want to be down on your knees
Your salad's awesome gourmet
You want to go where everybody knows you're gay
Here
Being gay in the world today
I think is really nuts
Your lifestyle makes you smile
You like big hairy butts
But don't you hate those dark cheese sails
Sometimes you want to go
Where everybody knows you're gay
I think you're gay
I think that lesbian's are great
I kiss on the lips right by your hips
From a girlfriend seems okay
You want to go where everybody knows you're gay
You want to bend for your best friend
But I sing on his cake
You want to go where everybody knows you're gay
There was an old farmer who lived on Iraq
He sat in the middle just shaking
His fists at some boys who were down by the prick
They're feeding the water
Their hands on their marbles
And clay things and at half past four
There came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress
And she showed them her ruffles and laces
And white blood be done
She said she was learning a new way
To bring up her children
So they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard
Were shoveling refuge and litter
From yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her
Eyes at the fellow down by the dark
He looked like a man with a side of a home
In the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her for lightly
She'd show him her lentil betdog
Who was subject to fence
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender
Hands with a movement so quick
And then she'd been over and sucked on his candy
So tasty made up butterscotch
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty
You can go f*** yourself
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We thought then to blind us a cold
It was our doom
As the bombs drop from the stars from far away
Maybe we should have paid attention
A little bit more to the f***s we chose to ignore
The price of gaffer's decalant
But I'm afraid that the lime won't be very long
We'll meet again with a hold that my best
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We'll meet again with a hold that my best
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
Krop-09560, double-cure me
Good news for the guy that called before
That was up second as I hadn't read any good news stories about the war in Iraq
Here you go
US troops open fire on a crowd hospital
To be new pro-US governor in the North and Iraqi city of Mosul yesterday
Coming at least ten people and injuring as many as a hundred witnesses and doctors said
The incident overshadowed the start of US brokerage talks aimed at sketching out a post-sautom Iraq
And could ignite anti-US sentiments sparked and protested and bagged at it at the talks in the southern city of Nazaria
Witnesses reported that US troops had fired into a crowd which is becoming increasingly hostile
Toward the new governor in the northern oil city, Mosul Al-Jaboury as he was making a pro-US speech
There are perhaps a hundred wounded and ten or twelve dead, as spokesman said at the city hospital
There's not a good story about the war in Iraq?
That's right
There's some good news for you
Ten past noon is five sixty WQM, it's our big Wednesday noon to one hour
All comedy bits we enjoyed a lot
Don't we? Yes we do
I like
I'll tell you what else you'll enjoy getting out of a dead end job and starting to get you a real career and a new high pay
A paycheck every couple of weeks and how do you do that? You make one easy call to our friends at fast train
That's the deal. They're all over town now
So there's no excuse anymore to continue when you're dead end job when in just for sure at once you can be fully trained and starting out a new high-paying computer career
Call today 1-866 fast train fast train offers convenient date evening and weekend classes for you
And of course because they're all over town
There's bound to be a fast train location nearby you in Miami, Kendall, Pembert, Pines and Fort Lauderdale
Check them out on the web if you'd like at fast train.com and be sure and registered fast train.com
To receive your free American flag bumper sticker
So quit working for some schmuck quit working for peanuts like Boso the elephant and get yourself a real career with a training you get at fast train
Call them today. There is absolutely no obligation call tool free 1-866 fast train
I'm on the end of the day. This is 420-560-2-8
Thank you, thank you.
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all.
Side effects. Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect.
Side effects. Isn't it time you experienced side effects?
Necos loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity vertigo, impotigo, impotence and prisonment, shrinkage of the genitals and largement of the genitals
Softening of the brain, softening of the stool, loose duels, barstools, toe stools, huge free historic bats swiping out of the sky eating your dog.
Helotosis, halibary, berry, berry, berry, mannalo, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death.
Side effects is perfect for everyone.
Not intended for women who are pregnant women who are men who are pregnant children with dogs children with dogs who are pregnant
The elderly, the young kitty cat Steve Perry tadpoles tadpoles who are pregnant and pregnant pauses.
In disflamors like these.
Ask your doctoral pharmacist about side effects and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious postulent growth under your left arm pit.
Side effects.
And you've been injured in an auto-exit.
Have you been hurt in the workplace?
Have you been accused of planning the murder of innocent people?
Then come on down to the law of his is almahamad.
Amid Mahamad. Amid Mahamad.
Yes, the law of his is almahamad. Amid Mahamad and Mahamad.
We were too are very best to defend you no matter with Mahamad take your oath.
And we will be charging much less than the beauty in the desert to Kobe and my aunt.
No matter what you have done every Muhammad in our office will work hard to make sure that you are soon out of your safe peaceful jail.
And living in your bed and bombed out home land wondering.
Is that your big long white cloud or is that B 52?
And at Mahamad Mahamad and Mahamad.
You've been only goldies unless you win.
In which case you could give us that 10 thousand dollars they would not accept it at the flight simulator school.
There is no need to mull up over this decision.
Call Mahamad Mahamad and Mahamad.
Because even though you are a big loser you don't have to be a loser in court.
Be a mastercard and go to accept it.
And now it's time for leave it to Azi.
Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver.
Hugh Beaumont as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Azi Osborne as the Oz.
Oh good morning Azi.
Oh f**k you mama.
Oh dear. I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van.
Oh, you bloody hell. I can't believe it. I must be ahead of her.
What a f**k is Sharon.
Sharon.
Sarah.
Who's Sharon? Is that one of your friends from school, dear?
Good morning Azi.
Oh f**k you dad. Get out of my fight.
Now Azi, that's no way to talk to your father.
Say son, what have you got planned for today?
We may whatever I got planned for today.
I don't know. It's just one of the Prince of Darkness have to hand out a f**k to our Chennai.
I'm going to go fight the head over the parts of the Harsk.
I was like, you have fun now.
Okay Azi?
Yeah, yeah, sure one.
Go f**k yourself.
We hope you enjoyed this episode of Lea the To Azi.
Two new next week when you hear Azi say f**k off you f**king baby.
We've launched a couple missiles toward a place we know.
We aim a madame fella whose first name begins with us.
There's one thing we all understand.
Yes.
Alcatamone won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
All right.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them hooves.
You know we need another plane.
Let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
How great a need to nuclear-tank.
Why don't we stop pussy foot and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Yes.
1226-560 WQM Happy Wednesday too.
What a great day.
You know I don't know what it is.
It's just something in the air.
I can smell it.
Anyway, look at that the phone is ringing out there.
That means there must be another package downstairs.
Nine exciting.
Maybe Brian's branch.
You think so?
Probably.
Brian Wilson.
Maybe send me his teddy bear.
I'll tell you where you can go.
All you people will look like a big teddy bear.
Like Brian Wilson.
You know like fat.
Here's the answer.
The lights of West Bokeh.
An entire store that's devoted to you.
Not just the shelf or two.
It's got a few atkins items over here and a couple of low-carb things over there.
An entire store to help you slim down.
Over 700 low-carb sugar-free products in this one great store.
So whether it's the number one atkins.
How's he doing by the way?
Have we heard any update?
Nope.
Oh.
I better not ask.
Whether it's the number one atkins.
Or any low-carb sugar-free diet.
The lights of West Bokeh is your low-carb super-store.
Come in and sample some of their newest bakery products like those chocolate cupcakes and
brownies.
Our carb control with only one effect of grams of carb per serving and delicious.
And don't forget to light an incredible selection of low-carb pastas, sauces, dressings, cheesecakes, chocolates, and their famous amazing soft-served carbolite ice cream.
Don't forget to light-swice Bokeh all atkins.
Bread products are 25% off today.
Next sockets.
A year from my Easter and all day every day.
Talk to their knowledgeable staff who knows the low-carb dieting inside and out.
They're open every day from 10 to 10.
And you'll find your lights on the northeast corner of Glage Road and 441 right next to Boston Market and prestigious Bokeh where a lot of old people live.
Call them toll-free at 1-8-Selike-Mo.
1-877-Low-Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget your official atkins retail center B delights the West Bokeh.
Ride in local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You ain't you a-m.
I was disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
John Quinn on the taxi car.
I said driver central park.
You look that mean so quissically.
I could tell he was in a dog.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug to speak speak English and immoral.
I went down to my young man beach where the weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but I got their talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtion Beamy's ass.
Now at the end of what does that mean?
The butter speaks English and immoral.
That corner delights the West Bokeh.
I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English and mail it.
Or you can go back to the Lair.
I came here many years ago.
I learned my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making me sick.
I said, you know what I said, you know what I said?
Speak English and immoral.
I met a girl who hated my guts.
I wrote a song when she drove me nuts.
Put in a square water too.
Radio said it's too blue.
There are words they just can't bear.
Those are words you better not see.
Now each time my song is here.
Those words are no longer there.
They played me.
Yes, they made me.
So, so, so, so.
I got too hot and they took out all the efforts.
There were none.
Just keep them away.
Now my song is ready PG.
Cause they removed the propanity.
They should never mess with my heart.
They took out the very best part.
They played me.
Yes, they played me.
It's so, so, so, so.
I got too hot and they took out all the efforts.
There were none.
Just keep them away.
They played me.
Boy.
Oh.
If you cannot find the song of Alma Rack.
If the markets are a drama, drama, drama, rag.
If the terrorists are crispy, Pakistan is looking chimney.
North Korea is too risky, drama, rag.
If we have no wildlife with us, drama, rag.
If we think that someone's pissed us, drama, rag.
Oh.
So to hell with the inspections, let's look up for the elections.
Close your mind and take directions, Alma Rack.
All right.
Fall in line and follow orders, Alma Rack.
For our might exceeds our borders, Alma Rack.
It's a dream we'll call the trees.
And let's make order up of the season.
Even if we have no reasons, Alma Rack.
Oh.
Meet Joe.
He's rich.
He's handsome.
He has great taste in furniture.
And he has 20 beautiful women interested in him.
But there's a twist.
He's not interested in there.
It's Joe Homo Sexual.
Fox's newest reality real man show.
See what happens when these lovely ladies try to get Joe's switch teams.
He didn't want to talk to me at all.
He just wanted to see more pictures of my brother.
Don't miss Joe Homo Sexual.
We were supposed to have her romantic dinner together alone.
But I didn't know he was also bringing Cliff his friend.
And be sure to get to the final episode of Joe Homo Sexual.
When Joe pops the big question, Sandra.
Yes, Joe.
Which you...
Weed me a clip alone for a few minutes.
Whatever.
Joe Homo Sexual.
Right after Boston Public Bathhouse.
Only on Fox.
Coming up tonight, on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We take a good, hard, stiff look and to start him.
They were a band that took a while to settle on a name.
All they knew was that it should probably be a slang word for a woman's breasts.
They were the hooters.
And we gave us a show like a wedding of the ocean, going bands.
Oh brother, did these guys go through the names?
Tonight, Chet Stools, the hooters manager, brings us rare footage of several of the band's early club dates.
Like this 1981 appearance in Cleveland.
Okay everybody, give it up for the enormous rats!
Followed by a county fair show in Des Moines.
Okay everybody, give it up for the bodacious taas!
Finally, at a club in Wisconsin.
The band thought they'd finally come up with the simpler is better approach.
Okay everybody, give it up for the f***!
Hello? Is this thing odd?
So at last they decide on the hooters.
We have a hit.
And then we find out this new restaurant chain is suing us.
End of career.
You know the restaurants I mean.
Where they hire the girls with the big basomes, the gigantic jugs, the massive melons, the huge knockouters.
The hooters.
I guess they were about as successful as any band named after breasts could be.
It's a big, juicy, stopping with look at your business tonight, on inside the mine.
Wake up in the morning and your breasts smell bad.
Your hair is erect and your eyes are all cloudy in the cat.
Took a squat in the sink.
You're getting your car and the streets are crowded.
The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is open.
Get a flat fire and you run out of gas.
Oh it's just another day.
It's just another day.
It's just another day.
I wish would end.
You're walking the work and your bosses are grouch.
The workers are losers.
The copy and refuses to work.
You may not get your raise.
Get off the work and the streets are still crowded.
The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is still open.
Get a wreck with the church bus and the nuns are bleeding from their ears.
Oh it's just another day.
It's just another day.
It's just another day.
I wish would end.
You're getting old from work and the houses are disaster.
The kids are all screaming and the garbage needs to be taken out.
You smell men's cologne.
It's definitely not yours.
So you start drinking early to forget all your problems.
And soon your plaster is thrown up in the bowl.
While the men's room is doing 360s around you.
You're chewing and big chunk lands in your hair.
Oh it's just another day.
It's just another day.
It's just another day.
I wish would end.
So you lost a confusion you stumble about.
Wondering why you were born in such a stinking hellhole that you call life.
So you look for your gun.
And you hope it's still loaded and you aim it at your head and you slowly pull the trigger in.
Twenty one to one.
Consier says we got a package for you.
Pretty exciting huh?
Brian sent his today so it's probably not that.
Oh it's something even more so in the name.
Maybe it's a cough drops.
Maybe here's some great stuff for you from Margaret but a's time limit and your
pre-adort Halibut Pontiac GMC.
We've been talking about these guys for a long time now because they're great.
They love us.
They love you and they love other customers too.
Which is why they've been around for so long.
And that's in great South.
They'd location over 35 years of making great deals and know how to treat the customers right and keep them coming back.
Here's a bunch of needle deals going on right now at Halib Pontiac.
Nailed deal number one.
Get you 0% financing for 60 months on every single Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Nailed deal number two.
Even more amazing.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
That is correct.
Get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
And last but not least, Nailed deal number three.
If you're currently a GMC smartly, you're smart by customer.
And you'd be driving a Chevy Blazer, Older Provoto or GMC Jimmy.
Buy Orleys a new Pontiac or GMC.
And get you in at $2,000 off the price.
How can you beat it?
Stop by Halibut and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix too while you're at it.
Halib Pontiac GMC in a great location is 13401 South Fixie Highway.
That's US 1 across from the falls.
Open every day, 7 days a week.
For more info on those Nailed deals, just call the Nailed deal hotline tool free.
That's the Nailed deal hotline.
Got it?
At 1,88344211.
That's 1,883444211.
Don't forget, all Nailed deals are subject to credit approval.
See the deal afforded details at Halib Pontiac GMC, who be professional grade.
And look, this is 4th radio by city.
You ain't can way.
So that the Lord even loves Nailed Rogers.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, who went the job to drop their bonds.
We bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards are little flags, wings.
As that Saudi love and recharge voice of bombers the wrong way.
And oven barons to be in Americans, where they follow books like sheath.
The United States of Americans, and by push and its family.
We they got this country up, have the Indian darkest days and I history.
I don't want to be a Pax America, in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives, stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that obviously, enter forward to the east.
And oven barons to be in America, where we pay triumphant leads.
Way the flag is what has, with our head in the sand.
It blindly follow the powers that the apacetic, up.
Washington State, from news on a 65 inch screen.
Sretcher balls and pod, everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Out of America.
My friends, I believe it's time this country has a poor Christian leadership.
For that, I need your checks and money orders.
Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you.
Good little Christians, trying to run our lives,
With Red Balls in their mouth on Friday nights.
Good little Christians, viewing their hate around,
And power-grabbing for a new third right.
Good little Christians, brainwashing all their kids.
Grow up believing fairytales are true.
Why do you have to pay?
To believe in the world they always told you to.
It business leaves checks from you.
God's their marketing tool.
Good little Christians, for giving it's been made.
That's why they never have to tell that truth.
Good little Christians, Harry, who's got bird-wise,
They like to swap and swing and keep on town.
Good little Christians, protecting us from ourselves.
From rings of fire in the depths of hell.
By the rings of rings for a new way.
And essentially, I'll teach you down the frivolous as a victory.
All right.
I'm...seating like a wise...
Christian...
About the Jews and gay homies.
How I'd love to bury those cries killing fairies.
Who does know the Bible like I know?
I'm...seating like a wise...
Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yes, wouldn't it be wonderful if everybody in the world was white and Christian?
And look the same and said the same things.
Morning, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and the Republican way.
I'm...seating like a wise...
Christian.
And how we all must think alike.
All the games black and white must die.
I'm the light one.
Until everybody is Christian and white.
There is a very and this...
...pony again, Mary.
There is a very and this...
...pony again, Mary.
There is a very and this...
...pony again, Mary.
Mary.
Mary.
Mary.
We all must have done it and immune S ك
I'm married, still hating home all now is guy and married.
Don't scare the white house all more.
Jesus, he's a fair and a tad hootish smoke with a blow of dawn.
Don't let go.
Don't let go.
Don't let go.
Just see from home and he never eats tuna on the road.
We're married, still hating home all now is guy and married.
Mary, Mary, Savannah, Annie,
Gone again, Mary,
Still hating homo-buddhist,
Gone again, Mary,
Home-mo, Has become very old.
There's no more young like me.
Home-mo, Has become very old.
If I could tell you how much I'm enjoying this hour,
you'd probably against the law.
Well, I'm masturbating.
The most, I could tell, the most dangerous person
in the world today is we asked on theoranges.com.
621 votes and George W's got 263 votes.
Wow, 42.3%.
Osama if alive been lawdened 87,
Kim Jong-Eol 53,
Mohao or David had 51, not bad Mo.
Dick Cheney if alive 47,
John Ascroft 34, Ariel Shiro and 23,
Happy Paisach and Cox Achoise, Ariel.
Donald Rumsfeld 23, Richard Pearl 13,
Robert Murdock, we have in 12,
Paul Wilfowicz 10,
and Sodom Eiffeline who alive who's saying five.
Small potatoes.
But did we ever find out who voiced that thing?
The RE is everything?
Yeah, I found out.
Who is it?
Can we say?
Nobody you know?
Say it right.
Malixa?
Malixa.
What is it?
That's a real name.
Malixa?
Sounds like a shicksia.
Yeah.
1253 at 560 WQM, happy Passover, happy Good Friday.
I mean, unhappy Good Friday or how we want to celebrate.
Not too much macaroni and tuna, please,
especially the tuna.
I'll tell you where the bargains are.
Those of you bargains are there.
They're in one great place called the Swap Shop.
Over 88 acres,
chock full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors.
The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location
in the world before daylight.
And at night, the Swap Shop has got
the world's largest 13 screened rabbit movie theater
featuring great first-run movies.
Why does so many people be shopping at the Swap Shop?
Why wonder?
Because no place else can you see millions of dollars
worth of brand new brand-name merchandise
at flea market prices in one great spot.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guaranteed.
Free admission, free parking every day, seven days a week.
The Swap Shop, the cheapest place in the world
of shop on Thursdays like tomorrow,
be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday,
free garage sale space before 5 a.m.
and Mondays all day long.
All of these things and lots, lots more waiting on you
at the Swap Shop.
Some rise a bit of our between I-95 and the turnpike
called 954791 Swap.
And whatever you do,
don't miss the free million dollar three-ring circus
seven days a week.
You can smell it in Orlando.
The Swap Shop called 954791 Swap.
My life and love.
This is 430560.
You weigh a few, eh?
That's my shagari.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to dumb at people's guild with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescent nation and the only one that's going
now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there toes in the right wing
is drilling it over and over into our head.
At Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hate their oil to be counted.
Going after sent down to Plankato, Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in Lottis,
but no one seemed concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this cartel
of administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
Are you sure?
That I ragged this up, weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop this saying.
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying.
Fly no pity and cattle don't have any reservations.
Foul and provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall and have a virgin in stoke with no objection at all.
Then the crack don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brain was penned.
My rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I ragged some weapons of mass destruction.
The book is actually there in Living Flash.
Yeah, well, what's it going to write?
No, none of the comedy services bought that piece,
which is the great thing about that.
I'll give you 700 guesses as to why in the first 699 don't count.
Anyway, the mad dog is coming up next.
I'm going to pat myself on the back.
Great hour, Neil.
Thank you.
The hump will be along a three with his repaired urinary track.
Bye, bye, bye.
