For that reward, he even loves Neil Rogers.
I'm gonna make him an opera again.
A rock!
We'll meet again if we don't want to die
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
Hoi!
We fall then to blind so cold it was our doom
As the bombs drop from the stars come far away
Gang rape is funny
Maybe we should have paid attention
A little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore
The price of galker's decal
But I'm afraid that the lime won't be very long
Tell us George
We'll meet again with a hope that by then
Hoi!
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
Hoi!
We'll meet again if we don't want to die
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We'll meet again with a hope that by then
Hoi!
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
Jesus Christ!
9.02.05.60
Nobody's QA, I'm happy you're Tuesday too
Well, quite a morning this morning already
I think we should go home right now
Complished so many things this morning
Mo and I had a bonding moment or two this morning
Oh!
That's correct, I went back on my ward
I said I would never speak to that creature again
And I came in this morning he was sitting in there
Where she seems to do a lot
With Zach and Robert I think probably
Because other than Gildi nobody in the building will speak to him
But anyway he stays in there during the breaks
And as I'm coming around a corner there
He's waving at me like frantically like his long lost best friend
So being the old softy that I am I wave back
You know
About ten minutes later I go out to take a leak
And it's another break and sure enough he's sitting there
Again with Zach and Robert I think they got something going to three of them
And I come back he's waving again
So I like to take a look inside the window and I wave back
And I open the door because I hear him tortling
And I said what have I done to deserve a welcome like this
And that began a warm and fuzzy series of exchanges
The likes of which you've seldom seen
Then Gildi was the wanderer on the hall
Smell really bad I think Gildi I didn't realize it
There's one of his things that he's going to his functions in a morning show
He has to carry around most bag when most not in the studio
No seriously because something smells like death
I mean oh good God Gildi
Maybe Gildi just farted
Or maybe he had like a float in his pants I don't know but good God
Huh?
Well you know when you're under the tremendous pressure that he is on that show
It kind of explains it to me
Huh? Maybe he's shm in himself I don't know
But it's a stunk I mean a stash like death
Or it could have been most peace you know it could have been that thing too
The dead muskrat on top
But we had a very very fine bonding experience this morning
Asked me about those you and baseball games
I guess maybe he's getting a little bit nervous huh?
And don't give me this Dave Ann Boring is great Gildi
Because Dave Ann Boring is just awful
He is to up and away
I don't want to get into the Marlon thing because it's part of the neurotic repetition
That is how Florida Bud
I had a spy report from one of our people that yesterday they didn't have programs
Because the place that made the programs had that was hit by the tornado
Oh but they didn't have the winters not enough to feed everybody
According to that Larry guy that called Mo on my way to work I heard that this morning
They didn't have enough winters for everybody
That's why 37,000 plus on opening day
Don't pee on their parade
And all I heard was negativity driving it
And about while Jeffrey Laurie is this and here's the interview with the mad dog yesterday
And he didn't say anything
I heard like nothing but negativity
I thought I was supposed to be the negative one right?
Negative, nearly, Nelly
But just an awful lot of negativity on that
And so they played a crappy game there's 161 more to go
It's part of the same neurotic repetition trying to force feed Hollywood to the herbs
They don't want it, they don't like it, they don't want to know from it
But see everything in San Florida has to be a soap opera
Other cities they have sports franchises that are successful
That are mediocre, that are not so successful, they have good attendance, bad attendance
And it's like you know that's what it is
But here everything is a soap opera
And it's just never ends, it's always the same neurotic repetition
And gee are they going to sell out? Well anybody show up? Does anybody care?
See the operative word is free
If they gave away some free crap every game
There would be a whole bunch of people there
They couldn't care less about the ballgame
In fact if George would know about the free winners you might have showed up
It's right down the street
That's right, actually we had a pass here at the station
Well there you go, you had a free admission and a free winner
What more could you want? No program because you don't care about that
A limousine ride
Then I would maybe thought about it
Carlos and his grand power there yesterday
And he's not showing up for work today
Called in his other obligations to take care of
He hates so many winners
Could have eaten not too many winners there
Too many winners is bad for it, that's what mode told me
1274 votes on our poor yesterday
Which of these best describes South Florida we asked?
1276 to be exact now
Banana Republic
470 out of 1276 votes
It's a banana republic, is it?
Yes
Intellectual wasteland 173
Land of Crooks and Schnooks
165
Land of Sun and Fun 123
9.6% sense South Florida is the land of Sun and Fun
Outdoor Funeral Parlor
109
Haven for rubber rafters 102
Magget Magnet, that's cited in vote for that but that is one of my favorites
I love that expression, my Magget Magnet
Michael Jackson, I see he's going to move here now
What I tell you, OJ Michael Jackson, it's a Magget Magnet
It attracts every low life piece of scum, every undesirable
Magget Magnet 75 and Paradise only 59, Maul
Jesus Christ
No, not too good
So Maul has a very small number of people out there who would agree with him that this is Paradise
Maybe it was that hair piece that smelled so bad
There was the odor of something in the hallway there, the legs
You have never
In your wildest nightmare smelled anything like that
Maybe it's our plum in
Again, is it because I don't know
No, I was in there, it smelled fun
I see
No, I was in there a couple of times taking a leak
In fact, I'm going to do that a lot more
In fact, I'm just going to go out there and pretend I'm taking a leak
And then come back so I can walk by and see if Moe keeps waving at me every day
How you doing, Moe?
You asshole
Anyway, here's our pool today
Oh, before we get to, well, I give the pool now
Because it'll allow Eric to put it on there
And then he can eat the rest of the morning unencumbered by obligations to do stuff
Here's the pool
And it isn't exactly what would Jesus do, but I notice in this letter to the editor that somebody sent me from Fort Myers newspress
Thank you very much, by the way, JR, whoever you are
There's a thing in there about what would Jesus do
Here's my question, how does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq?
The killing, the meaning, the bloodshed, all of these things
And I've got you six choices
God wants us to kill our enemies, there's choice number one
Choice number two, it doesn't, the Ten Commandments say thou shalt not kill
Third choice, itself defense of God will allow it
Fourth choice, religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem
Fifth choice, even the Lord loves needle Rogers
I thought we just heard that
Jesus Christ, and last choice, God doesn't care he's busy with ball games
Which we've discussed many, many times all these athletes are always looking up in the sky
And there was the Lord done it and God, bababan, or praying to the God to be on our side and help them win the game
So God obviously is very, very concerned about point spreads and who's going to win the ball game and who's going to stay healthy
And who's not going to stay healthy?
All you athletes out there to get injured, like Derek Geter yesterday opening game for the Yankees
And he gets you to run off the bat
So to speak, and maybe he and the Lord have got to like commend their fences like me and Mo
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah
So there's your pull again, how does religion permit the carnage of war in Iraq?
God wants us to kill our enemies, it doesn't the Ten Commandments say thou shalt not kill
And self-defense, so God will allow it
Religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem even the Lord loves neo-roger's or God doesn't care he's busy with ball games
WQAM
Hey, you know, next speaker me right away
Sure
I knew in this whole God crowd was fake because you knew what?
You knew what?
The God, the crowd people talking about how the players talk about God and everything
Yeah
Well, I knew a piece of crap when they said that he's everywhere and when they say he's everywhere at the same time
I thought about Santa Claus and everyone's Santa Claus
He's everywhere, he's everywhere
Yeah, he's everywhere, just like Santa Claus right?
Right
God kiss my ass
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
You understand that?
And they say God kissed my ass, and he say was that, was that, that's a Neil God kiss my?
I'm not really sure
He was kind of like a mumbling
Well, that's good though, we got a good, the first call to their get out of a system
New pool is up already, nice going to Eric
See when your fax Eric can pull like I do it about 7 30 in the morning, he gets it up there
And then he can like free to eat the rest of the day
Let's do the break and then we got some very important letters to the editor in response to that one for the first one of those three from last Friday
Thank goodness, by the way, that some people out there have the balls to respond
Because this is QAM where we have a little teeny tiny pair of them
We're supporting you 560, QAM
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is
Language tape number six
The convenience store
Follow along and repeat
Convenience store manager
Hello, may I be to help you please?
Repeat
Hello, may I be to help you please?
Customer
Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights
Convenience store manager
You wanna problem in late?
Repeat
You want a problem in late?
Customer
Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights
Convenience store manager
Uhh, this the Parliament Light
Repeat
This the Parliament Light
A, this one, Parliament
Customer
No, neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait, no, is it this one? No, it's not that one.
You want to Parliament light? Yes, I want the Parliament light, please.
Is it yellow heat? No, the Parliament light.
No, no, can't you see it's a...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, over there by the dirty magazines.
But can't you see it? Listen, Laundry Hand, it's the Parliament light!
Now, turn this tape over for language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
915 at 560 WDQ, I'm happy Tuesday.
So here's the fact that says George, can you have Neoplay convenience store Parliament lights operator?
Hey, Dean.
Should I play it? No. I guess I just did.
Couldn't find it on the web. Well, there you go.
We're like right on top of it today, baby.
Yeah, I want to lighten up a little bit.
Yesterday was very heavy duty and depressing.
And, you know, all needs to be said.
But I don't want to get like too heavily morbid and all of this stuff.
Because nothing I say is going to make a goddamn bit of difference.
Even though this is the only place in the universe,
and you'll find anybody saying these things except for what's your name?
Who's in a dream world?
Just like Mr. Ego.
So we had a spy report moments ago, George answered the phone, which is a bad mistake on his part.
For some lady who said that Mr. Ego,
and his little cast of misfits, little Brian, and all the others, both of the others,
every time we do a poll having anything to do with the war, like today, I guess,
they creep the poll.
Okay, and of course we've noticed a tremendous impact not on those polls,
because with that vast audience that Mr. Ego's got,
first of all, the old cockers that are listening to the light bulb junior,
ultra light bulb, those people don't have computers.
Thanks Bob, there's Bob Eisenberg with my Halopaniac copy.
Thank you.
It's not.
Barbikis.
Well, where's my Halopaniac copy?
Bob Eisenberg?
It's the 1st of April, and that's the April Fool and Mr.
He better get with it.
You know, I'm going to talk about his hair piece again.
He looks pretty disheveled this morning, doesn't he?
Looks like crap on two legs.
I'm not confused with Mo.
Now, what was I just saying before he opened the door and interrupted our show?
Mr. Ego, Mr. Ego, creep and creep and those old cockers don't have computers anyway.
So he's obviously having a little or no impact, but if it makes you feel better
that you're involved with our programs, Steve, this is his way of trying to reach in
to like a real audience as opposed to like the point one or whatever they got over there
on light bulb junior, light bulb ultra light.
Speaking of Parliament lights, maybe that's what we ought to call,
do you think he's ever going to get over not being able to follow you?
Did you realize that I don't even know the colliders of that radio?
I don't even know if it has colliders.
Whatever that station is that he's on.
He's on the air.
Just barely.
I mean, if we're a radio-ish, what does that make them, you know?
21 quick votes on a pool there.
How does religion permit the carnage of the order rack like those seven women and children
that got blown up because they didn't stop at the checkpoint, huh?
10.
I beg your pardon?
There are two conflicting reports, but the latest...
Well, no, actually the one I got says that there were more than hell is it?
14? Right.
Seven of them were killed.
And then there were like three injured and then two that the...
I heard in another report that there were actually 10 killed.
I see.
So at seven or ten, take your pick.
It's just a more human life being wasted because of the fact that, you know,
the Bush-Chainy cartel has got to go in there.
And this is like I said, it's basically the only place in a world you'll hear anybody speak the truth on Radio or TV.
There's all the rest of propaganda.
They shouldn't have been doing that.
I see.
Anyway, don't get started again because then Mr. Ego will free-par pool.
It can't control himself.
I can't stop!
Yeah.
21 votes.
God doesn't carry his busy with ball games.
8.
Religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem of six.
Even the Lord loves Nearodgers 3.
It doesn't.
The Ten Commandments says, they'll shout not kill three.
God wants us to kill our enemies one.
And it's self-defense, so God will allow it as God.
Oh!
None so far on our very famous pool.
Come on, start that free-pin, Stevie.
Mr. Ego, get going.
Reach a real audience out there, which you're obviously not doing.
Stephen, his limming, his underlings.
Well, speaking of underlings,
our good friend, the mad dog.
Remember him?
Oh, right.
Really let us down yesterday.
Pretty wimpy, pretty wishy-washy if you ask me.
I challenged him.
I threw down the gauntlet.
I said, let's see what Mr. Mad Dog, this thing about any Jones in the
office protesting that we've got balls, QA and billboard.
We finally get some billboards.
The first time in five plus years that we've been here.
We finally get a little outside promotion.
Thank you so much, Greg.
Better late than never.
And what do we get?
We get a bunch of clowns out there responding to a miscreant,
which there are no words to describe.
Wacky, Jackie Thompson.
Why would anybody even pay any attention to him at this point?
Huh?
It's the right time for that.
I see.
I see.
I forgot about that.
But anyway, first down to Shalela, which, you know, we figured
why would a Shino.
Balls.
I mean, she'd probably never seen any anyhow down to Shalela.
But you of them, they got bent out of shape.
They wanted their name removed from that billboard.
They wanted her, she was a ball.
Okay.
Now any Jones in the dolphins is upset and wants the dolphin logo removed from that billboard.
The macho dolphins.
So I figured, man, dog being part of the dolphin broadcast,
being an ex-dolphin, Superbow Ring wearing dolphin, old number 88.
I figured he probably have something very heavy to do to say about that.
And so I sat here and listened for a couple of minutes and sure enough he did respond.
He says, well, Uncle Leo, blah, blah.
And it was like, whimpy.
You know, like, ah, geez, I mean, how could they be offended by something as silly as that?
And it was like about a 10-second thing.
And he just, you know, went zoom in right by and that was it.
I don't think that's an adequate response to you.
Now I understand he wants to protect his own little empire there.
He loves being the color guy in the dolphin game.
The audience loves having him there.
And I think it's great.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, right.
But sometimes you've got to stand up and be a real man.
Be a real man as opposed to some of us, you know,
Kami Pinkofag, whatever the hell, dress wears.
Yeah.
Fakalous.
Yeah, things like that.
But you know, mad dog.
You're mad, I am a pussy.
And at least he admits it.
You know, he just don't have the balls.
So that thing about we've got balls at certain day parts on a station we've got balls.
Other day parts were just shields.
We're just shameless shields for the organizations.
And that's just the way it goes, you know, so I feel bad about that.
So anyway, before I get to that letter, WQAM.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Actually, what he said was Uncle Neil Whiteen up.
He didn't say Uncle Neil Whiteen up.
Yeah.
No, no, no, he didn't know.
He didn't say that.
He was talking about the dolphins and the hurricanes.
I heard it.
Well, I thought he said Uncle Neil Whiteen up.
No, I'm already light enough.
Anyway, here's a, so Friday I read you those three letters today.
How do these people know I'm doing a screenwaste thing?
This is, this is, you think maybe we've turned the corner today?
I think most of you are so think that that bonding moment or two with more this morning
was the beginning of a whole new relationship with the audience with life in general.
Mark it down to, just marking it out of the counter.
See, they think it's an April fool.
Maybe that's what it was.
Got him, I slow him, I slow him.
Oh, what?
That must have been what that was with Moa waving and we had chatted a little bit and
that's how it's built it.
It says bonding moment, M-O-M-E-N-T-A bonding moment.
I think the audience isn't too happy about that.
I went back on my word.
Huh?
But you're not allowed to speak to him.
I know.
Under any circumstances.
I just thought it was amusing.
And he must figure in my old daughtering age, although I'm not nearly as old as he is,
but he must figure out I got Alzheimer's and forget about all the nasty evil things he's done to us and attempt to do and to where everybody else.
Lots of your back, Zack.
And then he goes in there and consorts with them.
That's the best part of the whole deal and he doesn't understand they hate him like poison.
Moa, you just don't get it, do it.
You're in denial.
Because the minute he walks out of there, they're making all kinds of cross the comments about him.
I shouldn't have said that.
Sorry, Zack and Robert, they love Moa a lot.
The Moa, they work with him, the Moa, they like him.
I'm just making that up.
I know you.
I must have means of that.
No, I mean the first part.
Which one am I making up?
I don't know. I'm confusing myself.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Good morning, guys. Speak to Neil.
Speaking, sir.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning to you. It's half of the morning.
Half of the morning to you. You know Moa's listening. You know Goli's listening.
Please play a couple of seconds of your baseball play by play.
I don't have it.
I know you got it so far.
I got it so far.
I mean, if you'd like me to leave now, I can go home and search for some old cassettes.
I'd be delighted to do that.
I'll play some Philadelphia.
Do I have your permission to leave now?
Yes.
Okay, see you later.
Okay, sir.
Tell me no forbid some.
And what is that?
Let me just say this to you, okay?
I don't need to prove to Moa Howard-David or anybody else what a good job I did on
you in baseball.
I happen to be a very good play by play guy.
Also hockey, which he don't even understand what hockey is all about.
I'm a great hockey announcer.
But quite frankly, rather than compete with all the x-jocks to try to do play by play
and be a sports guy, I decided to do something else that I'm making a lot more money
than I would have had I tried to be a play by play guy.
See what I'm saying?
Well, no, what do you say?
I'm saying forget about it.
It's all in the past.
It's the ancient past.
And it's an ego thing with Moa, you know.
Oh my God, he might have actually been good at that.
That would be- that would bother him.
The fact that I would have been good at doing play by play.
That would disturb him greatly.
I know that.
And I know your list in Moa even though you lied and say that you don't.
On that long, long haul back up to Boka where all the old, old, farth slip.
Well, that doesn't count anyway.
Play by play baseball and hockey.
That's not like football, like a man.
Like a real man, right?
Who protested about the We Got Balls billboard.
Sure.
Real man like Eddie Jones, you know what I'm saying?
Hey Eddie, I think maybe you and Donna Shalayla got a lot in common at it.
Neither one of you have any balls.
Anyway, we'll get to these letters.
But I'm going to take a lot of calls here today because we're trying to lighten things up
just a little bit from yesterday when everybody was-
a little bit too intense, don't you think?
No.
I thought it was great.
No, I did, but I can't do that every day.
I'm going to have a nervous break.
Are you not going to change anything?
What am I going to change?
Intermittently.
Yeah, once in a great while when the mood strikes me because you know us here at QIM.
Jemandich, I am a pussy.
Yeah, we know that.
In fact, Eddie Jones probably has naked pictures of Mad Dog and Joe Rose at home somewhere,
which is why he just don't say too much.
WQIM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Absolutely love your poll today.
I was talking to a right-winger yesterday who tried to convince me with a straight face
that not only would Jesus be a Republican but he'd be a member of the NRA,
maybe in favor of the Senate.
Huh.
I always thought that the depictions of Jesus make him look like one of those hippies,
you know, like one of the peacenick kind of people.
Exactly.
And then I'm wondering, I'm wondering what the next generation of Army posters is going to come out where the Jesus
was a pointing finger we want you for the U.S.
I mean, with this current administration, how long can that be?
I can just see it.
I can see three of them.
I can see one of those billboards where like we got the one where it changes, you know.
And the picture starts out as Osama and then it turns to George W.
And then it's Jesus' head on the body.
Yeah, let's go kill somebody in the name of Christ.
What do you think?
There you go.
Yeah.
Have a great day, pal.
What do you say?
Let's go out and kill some people.
In the name of our good friend.
Jesus Christ.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
I got a quick finger, baby.
Just ask Moe, he'll tell you.
Here's a fact that says, I don't know.
I just got a little bug up my ass today.
A little bug that is moe, don't get carried away.
What a homophobic asshole he is.
I mean, just obsessed.
I've said that time.
Huh?
Like Archie Bunker syndrome, you know.
Is that what an old fossil man?
Just a homophobic puss.
Lighten up a little bit more.
Okay, anybody that's been raped at it is many times by guys as you've been.
Well, they didn't have faggots in his day.
I see.
What's he smoking?
Here's the fact that says, I don't know if you've noticed that Phil Henry is a total right-wing asshole.
Are you sure?
That's what it says.
He likes to point out that he's a liberal who supports the war, but if you listen to him, which I've stopped doing,
you can tell just how much stardom has changed him.
He berates people who don't share his view of the war.
He does maybe one comedy bit on a show now, right down the crap, or it says.
I went to the PETA website, PETA.
I always call it that, but it's really...
PETA?
And they have a picture of Moe on there.
It seems they're pissed about the skunk on his head.
Even skunks deserve better than that.
Yeah, it smells real bad, okay?
At least I think it was the hair piece.
Hey, I think it was guilty.
Maybe he was farting up a storm like you said.
Maybe it was his...
Heda.
20...
Maybe he didn't wash it.
26 past nine at 560 WDQM on a great Tuesday.
Oh!
Innocent men, women and children, little babies getting shot up and killed butchered.
And America's going around.
Yeah, we're number one, baby.
USA, USA.
Yeah, yeah.
What do you say, USA?
And like this, Lansky said, all the God squat out there,
oh yeah, Jesus would be a card-carrying member of the NRA.
He'd be out there shooting up a bunch of...
...smok to heads and he'd be a kickin' ass.
See, like, did I say that yesterday, religion and this whole thing?
There's no difference.
Same thing.
And, well, it's not the Shiites.
It's the Sunnis and no, it's the Kurds and the North and no...
And it's all...
It's like that thing out of a Monty Python, you know?
Which...
What's the bad one?
Which one is the bad one?
Is the all-onsar Islam?
What, which one is it?
And now, of course, we're frantically screwing around trying to make the connection between the Akhada and Sodom.
Frantically.
He or until...
Wouldn't you think we'd have done that before?
Shut up.
I just mentioned that in passing, father Pironoia.
I watched that again on DVD.
Yeah.
And it's got all the other, the extra scenes in it and everything.
Like when Linda Blair comes back, we're down the astereus and her head spins around.
Have you ever seen that with the extra scenes in it?
Yes.
I love it.
One of the great movies in a history of mankind, boys and girls, if you're wondering about all these grotesque things that are going on in the world today, get the exorcist.
That the power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
28 past nine at five sixty WQA and hey, you know, this copy that Todd Dreck has got here for Fast Train is unacceptable.
It's unacceptable, it's unacceptable, just like you are.
You're a piece of crap, man.
You're a piece of...
Dreck.
Anyway, you folks out there, if you find yourself in a really bad dead end job that you hate like poison, maybe you hate your boss like poison, call Fast Train and get yourself on a road to a real job, or a real paycheck.
Call one, 866 Fast Train, get out of your dead end job and get started in a new high-paying computer career.
No excuses anymore.
Call Fast Train. We've been telling you about this for a long time. Even GELDI talks about it. What does that tell you?
Call Fast Train at 1-866 Fast Train. They offer convenient day, evening weekend classes for you.
Check them out on the web at fastrain.com.com, get out of that dead end job because the computer professionals are in a high demand.
Call Fast Train today. They've got locations all over town so there's bound to be one nearby where you're hanging out.
They're in Miami, Kindle Pemberpies, and for a lot of day, also like I said, they're near by you.
Register at fastrain.com to get your free American flag bumper sticker as the case may be.
Call Fast Train today, toll free, 1-866 Fast Train, and get a big fat paycheck real soon.
I'm not a low, this is sports radio by C-Q-A-A-A.
Greetings for the last book!
Yeah, I know what that is!
Sure, good afternoon, yes.
Watch your back, the pack, where you won't wait for more.
Watch your back, the pack, where you won't wait for more.
Oh, brother, all that blah, blah, I don't understand.
You can eat from a trough while you're in both ends.
That big fat patch you made a raining school.
You just like cleaning it all your thoughts.
And a straight dip, fat ass out.
Well, we'll take the food outta your mouth.
That's right, punch it back, fat ass out.
You won't wait for more, no more, no more.
No way, no way, no more.
Catch it back, fat ass out, what your own mouth is for.
Oh, no more, no more.
This is what we say!
Make it back, fat ass out.
You won't wait to more, no more, no more.
When you're back, fat ass out, what your own mouth is for.
Who am I?
I'm 30 to 560 wqa and here's a fax all the way already know about this thank you US troops made boot rvera
The Pentagon I thought they already got him out of there and then he claimed that he's more inside than he was before
They's moved to a different location and he's got to and anyway
It's kind of ironic because Fox News Channel is who he's working for and they were calling Peter our net a traitor
And just excoriating having an interest breakdown by the way Peter our net was hired by the British newspaper the daily mirror
I just thought I mentioned it and passing
But Fox who's on it with a Peter our net story about how we got came by MSNBC and by a national geographic and
Their own reporter herald a rvera may have endangered troops by drawing a map in the sand at detailed where the 101st Airborne Division was
Which was he was traveling wasn't embedded, but he was traveling with him in Iraq
How do you like that CNN MSNBC reported that river was being kicked out of Iraq. He says it ain't true. He says he's still in there
He said he tied a yellow ribbon to an old oak tree and
And then Tony Orlando are bonding you ever see them together same person right same person
Only Tony's got a little bit more of that good old time religion
We're looking today for the answers on how God and Jesus and all of us other how they permit this carnage this grotesque crap all of this bombing and innocent people on all sides
Dying having their lives stuffed out having their limbs blown off. He likes it. Does he like it? Yeah, he liked it in the Bible in the good book
I'll tell you that he liked a lot of that stuff kill them all don't leave one standing
WQ I am yeah, Neil yes, sir good morning. Good morning to you know, I so curious happened to me this morning chronic
Did I talk to you yesterday?
Yeah, no, no, no, have a nice day
I mean, he's a good guy. I like him. He had some interesting stuff there yesterday about
GR which it took me I was thinking about that George Rodriguez
He just doesn't realize you spell it with a Jake right? He's he's probably reacon or something
No, no seriously, that's what you're talking about. I know you in Carolyn were that tight, but he's the guy to call this yesterday with a little
personal tidbit and
anyway
Well, what is wrong with you? Why are you like hyper ventilating in there? He's that's the guy in my I know my voices man
The temper and the fact that we like him a lot sir
Don't take it personally unless you want to your great guy used to be a wonderful caller
But the two days in a row is a no-no even though you know and I get a whole lot of action on it
That's okay because I feel a lot better today after my bonding with Mo and that's no April fooling
No, it was just it was like I told you as it was surreal
It was just I walked in the door and I look in there and he's like waving at me like
frantically like hey, how you been like he knows I've been here for a few days
Maybe it's national brotherhood week. Is that what it is? Oh
He said everybody hates the fags or something like that is that what by everybody hates Jew
Oh, I see is that include him? I wonder if that the raccoon on this head. I wonder if that thing is Jewish
It's kosher. I wonder if it's circumspect so anyway last Friday
There's three embarrassing letters to the editor ripping the protesters the anti-war protesters in the herald including one by
Alan Savitz and Coral Gables who says if we allow freedom of expression during a war will result in the deaths of many good Americans
So anyway, I was read that a couple of times. It was outrageous and in this morning's herald finally no April fooling
In this morning's herald here are two letters Jason in Weston says shock and awe is what I felt reading Alan Savitz's March 28th
Liter protest protested. I can't believe that an American citizen would put forth an idea that
Law should be enacted limiting freedom of expression under any circumstances much less support the thought that opposition to a war should be considered an act of treason
Consider two countries Iraq and pre-World War two Germany under this view will all start goose stepping and towing the party line
What's the majority has it say that that there's no room for the centers does or well come to mind?
Yes, the American flags still wave for all of us just because many people questioned the justification for this war
Doesn't mean that we don't support our military forces in love our country well said Jason in Weston. I like that part about goose stepping
Sarah and Miami Beach rights Alan Savitz accuses anti-war protesters of treason the U.S. Constitution explicitly defines treason as consisting only in living war against the U.S
Or in adhering to their enemies giving them aid and comfort since the anti-war protesters are not engaging in any of the above activities
They're not committing an act of treason
Furthermore, their right to assemble is protected by the first amendment which doesn't include any conditions prohibiting freedom of expression during wartime
Anti-war protesters have every right to protest the word that they believe is wrong even when the war is already underway
Being against the war is not equivalent to being against American soldiers
I have the utmost respect for America troops have mar them greatly however
I'm also against the Iraqi war nice going Sarah and Miami Beach very simple very common sense makes all the sense in a world
But people like Alan and the Gables though continue to write this swill this garbage
Let's just give up all of our rights and just dummy up and goose step in line as Jason said. Let's all of goose step and the answer is
No, we're not gonna go step. How do you like that? Huh? We're not goose step and baby some of us
Whether all these right wing Bible thump and hypocritical assholes like it or not
116 votes on the pool how does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq?
Religious fanaticism is after root of the problem 62 take that and stick it in your pipe and smoke it mr.
We go you jackass
You pathetic thoney baloney goofball. Hey, just wait till he mobile all phony body parts
Seriously, can you name me one part of his body? That's the original
I don't like them. I think that might be it. I bet you maybe he's even got a phony ass. You do that inventory
I don't want to I
already smelled some bad crap this morning in the hallway. We could ask Brian was it was it most rigor was in his a bag
Or was it just guilty drop the pitch to open his pants?
huh?
It was something man
Something really stunk out there in a hallway by guilty
Peta
66 say religious fanaticism a guy doesn't carry his busy with ball games 27 of you said that and of course
This is a sports station so an expense to me
All you jackass jucks out there pointing up to the sky and
All I did it he helped me make that great play that great catch that great running what a what an embarrassment, you know
How is it that people watch that crap and they're just not nauseated by it?
Yeah, I mean I realized you don't watch any because you don't watch ball games
But even if you did to see some a little bit more on point. I was speaking of a little bit more on skipping just walked in
Oh, there you go get weathered skipping and by the well
Tell Bob Eisenberg that if you don't get me that new hallowed copy in the next hour or two that we're gonna rip him an ass
on the ear and yank that wig off to and get Charles off area to toss him out
Get time to get with it skipping and you too by the way
Is he got like orange hair?
He's strange. He's like a cartoon character. Huh? He's a strange little dude that's gippy although I tell you must have something
But screw in she gave him a big
Client list when he got here
Yeah, you know what I'm saying? I know I guess what screw in is if you give her something big she'll give you back something big
It sure worked with it for tat
That was George
With a G who's tat let's see even the Lord loves Neil Rogers is 19 votes it
Let's see the religion doesn't permit this to tank a man and say that she'll not kill 10 people so that it's self-defense
Oh God will allow it to and last and the least also with two God wants us to kill our enemies
Yeah, smite them
Smite them all don't leave one of them standing and then of course kill the firstborn children the male children all of these things all the
Instructions in your your Bible you religious you God squat out there about how you should kill this one and kill that one and so
So naturally this has been going on since the beginning of recorded time sure because you just following God's orders just like the two
I mean said we were just following orders
ta and
Speaking of the Germans by the way you understand the stuff of the extract of everyone 20 before 10 at 560 WQM on a swell Tuesday
It really is it's a great day. I don't know what it is. It's April first. I'm not fooling though. I just have this feeling
I think it was that mo bonding this morning remember a Carl Allen had a great horse a trotter named Mo Bandi remember that George Mo Bandi who
And I think it was the mo bonding see Carl Allen
Rod Allen there you go. That's for Dick Feinberg. Okay, who squeezes himself every time I mention a harness racing name on here
That mentioned Brian sears is God. I'm sorry again about that weak interview on a phone Brown
But I didn't think it was you I thought maybe it was a ringer like like you did
You know for years I've been telling about the health benefits of olio med and I keep telling you because the stuff really works
It's great olio med soft gels contain
Pharma pseudo great olive oil. I can't say that word you know it cuz it's just that's why they put in a copy a lot
Pharmaceutical see I can say it all by itself pharmaceutical
But in the middle of a sentence I just it contains really good stuff
Not just ordinate pedestrian olive oil, but super concentrated loaded with health benefits
Olio med every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different
Olio med formulas to choose from each one containing pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins minerals and herbals to support specific needs from your bones
Your blood pressure to your immune system you just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need and don't forget
There are three new olio med formulas one to help your sleep one to help you control your weight and coq 10
Cell Q 10 which is very important and great for your heart you'll find olio med at publics
Accords Walgreens Whole food markets Navarro's and Sedanos are ordering online at olio med america dot com if you want to get more
Information about their products and what they can do for you column toll free 1 866 olio med that's 1 866
65 360 6 33 gets your olio med today and start feeling like a real human being
Man doing it
The Middle Eastern world
We'll be exploded to the people
Gild with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled
To get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The nooks their toe to the answer
Right wing is drilling it over and over into our head
That Iraq has some
Vampins of that destruction
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
There's oil to be caught in going after sent down to play kato
There's no longer
The name in law this but no one seems concerned all
Come fee and complacence believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through
manipulation and
Is drilling it over and over and to our head
That Iraq
Yes, uh
mess destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now
Not the art drop is saying I have nothing to hide
Tables, pockets, all are saying line obedient cattle don't have any reservations
out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regimes must fall in half a virgin and stoke with no objection at all
And the crap don't have the fall man
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade watch pants
Iraq has some
Weapons of
Bastion
Only I
Brack has some
Weapons of
Bastion
Why don't you go back to Canada you too fast? I might have to because at least my equipment up there works
You know, I noticed again during that bit just like yesterday we had some noise and now you think it's possible because I'm not really all
Familiar with what the maintenance on CD players
But isn't there a thing where you have to clean like the eye
Sometimes it can get on a line
What guilty I think need to do this one clean the brown eye
The leg is get dirty the what the lens the laser lens right
I think our lens is dirty. Holy well
He was in here asking this morning as he always does every morning as everything working okay
And I'm mistakenly I said yes because I thought it was a dirty disc yesterday. Why don't I call book a bride and have him um
Bring a when he brings his disc. Yeah
I
To reburn those
Let's see if that makes a difference. No, no, I but I well, why would it make a difference? I've played you and understand
Oh, this isn't a new disc. I play this is a zillion times all that disc and it sounded just fine
So obviously it's a it's a
Denon problem. It's an equipment problem equipment problem. A QA was like saying hey, guess what the sun is shining in Florida
You know, it's just part for the course. I may have to go back up there and you know risk my health with that SARS epidemic
Up in Toronto and Hong Kong and all around the world a strange
Pinomonia
It's not really all that bad, but people get freaked out. Yeah, right under one with mask on their push
Let's see here's the facts from oh there's who they all see he's right on top of things
Did you hear what I just said or did you just wander in now? Is it possible that the index that is because this is not the same when we had the problem yesterday
It was the upper one. Do they get like dirty? Is there something that needs to be different disc?
Not a bokeh Brian disc because he burns those at home, you know
You don't understand that discs don't degrade. Yeah, sometimes they do
Sometimes they can that short of a time
It's a breath. What's the date on this disc? It's only like about a month old the date is like well
You don't put the date on here because you're a puts yeah, it's like from the last month
It's like from March of 2000 tree mister try a
Factory disc
Jesus god almighty what is wrong with this man, huh? We still have such a classy show until this little bastard got involved in it
Of course, that was a long time ago. I've had homemade discs degrade on me. Okay. Well, let's try to clinton and dole on 60 minutes one
They can't degrade that badge they can maybe you can cheap crap
Here we go
60 minutes takes two former rivals and we can doles the claim
It's Quentin versus the point counterpoint month 60 minutes
I'm a lover not a fighter. I'm a lover too. I just need a little help
We need to political combat and square off nothing is out of bounds
Your life's fat. Hey, that's out of bounds nothing's out of bounds didn't you hear him just say that?
What? Clinton and dole on the economy more
The environment and Joe millionaire. I would not have pigs or a no-kin
Everyone knows your marvelous swear
Gulp gulp kind of guy Clinton and dole point counterpoint. I will open up a can of whoop ass on you Bob
I'll kick your butt with one hand bill, which is a good thing. I guess
Clinton and dole 60 minutes this spring
So you think that the book of rhymes this are degrading?
I've heard it said it has something to do with the burn rate
I've heard that they're humiliating and degrading
Especially that condolese one. That's what I heard. Wow
So that one sounded okay, and that was a factory thing if you use a fast burn rate
I've heard it said you increase the tendency that the disc will degrade well
Excuse me, okay. Well, if that's the case. Let's play another cut from the same disc because if the disc is degrading
Wouldn't they all be screwed up?
It stands to reason since you're the expert so they are standing like our tumors, huh?
Let's listen a little bit of this
If you'll ever play come on already. I think right graded
Right
Brian brother
One extra in okay, what I shmup burn them in real time Jesus Christ
Is that embarrassing or what? I'll call them now. Yeah, call them up and tell me's an idiot. Oh, he's listening
Tell me's a little lemon don't make him feel like all depressed though
I know don't I do that 179 votes on the pool
So thank you, Julio for being caring enough to send you very best, but it's us as usual
It's us worse screw it. It's Volka Brian not us. He's an idiot
What is he doing is he using this one that the struck like I'm mission impossible after you listen to the city
Mr. Feltzer will solve the struck is that what he's doing
Maybe he's using his backup computer. Yeah, maybe he's backing it up. Nobody Q. I.m
Hey, no, yes, sir. Oh, how you doing? Okay, great show. Yes, they was dynamite. It was sensational man
But we don't want to do that too often. I you're getting too old for that
Do it more often. Hey, I heard you ripping on how it turns on yet today about him
Being on the right wing side. Yeah, okay
I wonder where his fans was going to be if not one
I don't know he wasn't on the air during the Vietnam war. Yeah, and then did he um in list on the
Sir, let me ask you why why are you asking me this though? I mean what I don't understand
I just don't I just don't get him you know at one moment
He's um supposed to be peace loving on guy next minute. He's gonna be on their side
Well, I mean he just evidently has joined the parade everybody sold out Phil Henry and the Howard's during everybody was supposed to be cutting
Edge counter culture a real uh, you know radical and all of a sudden they've go step into the line
I don't get it
Pretty scary though, isn't it?
Okay, thank you. I mean I guess I'm the only guy who's stupid enough to keep you know, uh swimming upstream climbing up hill
Fighting against the tide all of these other stupid cliches. Maybe you have a conscience
That it's got nothing to do with that. I don't I don't ever come on here and give opinions based on what I think is gonna be popular
Good god almighty
You know the the eightiest Jew Fag. I mean forget about that react, you know
In fact, maybe we'll do the board again Christian thing didn't work too good for mr. Ego though all that pan
It's easy to be working too good for him and it was ten old Yenthas. He's got
Freep my pull my ass Steve. What are you kidding? Oh, hey, let's go to the computer and creep Neil Rogers pole
that old uh
I'm yonkel
There's a long facts about the day van boring and all I said well very good fast
Thank you for the west Palm Beach, but I want to read it on here because we don't want to do a lot of marlin stuff here
I think mo and gildy cover that very very well in a great length this morning, you know, what else is there to say?
But he did the the facts you does have a good point
They had a suit. I mean the game stunt they you know give a bait runs early, but they clawed their way back made a game out of it late
When everybody was gone, but the point of the you know, at least they're making some kind of an effort is what he says
I uh remain I mean I'm yet to be convinced okay because this outfit
I think they're still just biting their time until they have to move the franchise in a couple of years
And a lot of people are just getting sucked in by the free winners, you know anything free bobble head dolls works for the panthers
Feel that play. Oh, it's a free bobble head doll. Let's go daddy, you know, free pins right ball cap day or whatever it is
This is a great time for giveaways man. You got something free just like this show out you watch all the people are gonna be calling in for free marlin tickets
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line you mark my words man
They'll be lined up from here to Wokit Choby
All right now we only got one more on screen with some pretty depressed about that WQ AM
Neil yes sir hey I'm in here in Lake Worth how you doing to that you're in Lake Worth you don't sound old enough to be in Lake Worth mister
I know hey you know um I heard you mentioned Phil's name yeah
I'll tell you what man he's got to have the rush limbaugh blow up doll going. Yeah, but wait. Yeah, but wait a second
He has taken so many steps to the right. It's unbelievable
It's unreal. Yeah, I mean and not only is he pro war but those of us
The pos it he
Just ridiculed us and and he just thinks that we're anti-American and this and that he's unbelievable pretty stupid
I thought that he was a pretty sharp guy, but I mean
And again, I don't think he really believes that I think he's probably saying it because of the fact that that's the clear channel company line
And he wants to be you know
He wants to be on the side of Fox News and all these other right-wing assholes
Hey, you know you brought up your point today about the
Religion and if it had anything to do with the war. Mm-hmm. They had a um I was watching world news last night
And they actually had bush on September 16th of 2001
Stating that the United States was going to undertake a crusade. Yeah
And the whole gist of the thing was whether or not the Christians were going to have a crusade against the Muslims
You know this whole thing now. I mean, I'm sure you've been watching the news as much as the rest of us and you've seen
People from Syria lebanon they're coming in by the bus loads
You know, they'll do anything for Allah. They're pretty good. They said they got five thousand them
So the Iraqis claim five thousand of these that would be a suicide bombers who want to go up their lives for a long
It's not off. It's not it's gonna be just like the Israeli
Palestinian issue. It's never gonna stop
Well like uh, Hosni Bavar from Egypt said yesterday said first we had a one-bid Laden
Now with thanks to this we're gonna have a hundred of them. I got one question for you. Yes, sir
We'll happen first and then to the Iraqi war or a Panther home win
We'll do a pull. I love you. Thanks, pali. Bye. Let's do a pull that'll make more happy is all bent out of shape about our pull
And then he has to spell it out home a phobia man
Everybody who points to fingers everybody who's worried about everybody else's who they're sleeping with to me
Those people are all a little bit suspect you catch my drift
No, I'm hit and of course keep in mind these sports guys who look to hang around the locker room a lot
I don't know. I'm just I'm just thinking out loud at this point. I'm not making any accusations
I'm not pointing the finger at anybody other than clearance, but other than that what
Oh, Clarence still had a big smile on this push today. He's still pleased about that. Welcome close to personal encounter. He had with the beast
Always said he wish the beast would shave a little bit his breasts
Whatever was that he had contact with he wish he'd shave it his legs are out here. This is WQM where we have balls
By the way in spite of what Eddie Jones and what's your name? Donish and Shalali think
And wacky Jackie we don't give a crap. Okay. How do you like that? We don't give a flying crap
Greg read finally grew a little tiny pair just when he didn't think of what happened
And he finally said hey, we'll find out who really has the balls he said nice god air Greg. It's about time. Oh, Schmuck
957 at 560 WQM what's the schedule for today?
Neal since you always do such a great job of promoting everything and everybody on the station including even Mo and Gully and Mo Bandi
Jim Madd is your one
Jim Maddog in the building I dare him to come in here and look me in the eye and say he didn't adequate job
I mean I realized it's not something if they spent a lot of time on especially he was out at the game yesterday
Trying to get a big crowd which they had thousands of people walk up you know by the tickets. That was good. They heard there was a free weeny
But now today that he's in the studio no excuses. Okay. I want to hear at least 60 seconds. I'm gonna get up to stopwatch
I want to hear at least a 60-second die tribe about how Jewel and Isle and Childish and embarrassing it is for the U of M and the Buch Miami dolphin organization
To be upset about us having a billboard that says we got balls
Talk about humorless talk about tragic talk about pathetic, huh? You know what I'm saying? Oh right. Yeah, so get with it mad dog
Quit being a pussy
At three o'clock we got Hank Goldberg from Vegas. Thanks got a better gig than I got he's not only see all over the place
But he's in places where he loves to be
He's a winter sports book right now plunging his guts out
Well probably not at seven o'clock in the morning. He will be
630 got the shittacle panther preview seven o'clock tonight the panthers at the Washington
Capitals another road game although the caps are really desperate to win that game because Tampa big out of tie last night with the Bruins
How about the ranger Atlanta game last night? Ain't by see that no wow what a game
Those trashers look out for Atlanta next year in NHL. They're gonna be something
They are really exciting to watch
But the panther the arranger did get one desperately needed point. They still don't look like they're gonna make the playoffs
To which we say oh good any cave to the panther hockey game in Joe and Mark overnight
To spew a bunch of anti-war propaganda now. What's their take on the war by the way? Do we know I I I
Don't want to say
Still reluctant about buying a bed over the phone
Don't be you can lie in bed on a real comfortable mattress listening to the Joe and Mark overnight show between two and six and just throwing things at the radio
When you call Donald mattress. That's how I've been doing it
It's an intelligent way to make a purchase like this because you don't have to run around wasting gas in time and certainly not money
Donald mattress carries only the best in the business
They got seely sir to Simmons King Coral the top names that everybody knows and loves and every size and style in other words
You want it? They got it in stock waiting for practically immediate delivery and Donald mattress has more repeating referral customers than anybody in the world
Because they know how to treat their customers right and they'll do the same for use once you buy a mattress from
Dollar mattress. You'll never go back to those showrooms those vetting departments doors again
Because this is a piece of cake you just pick up the phone make that one easy call to 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES and they'll be there in no time at all
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress from dollar mattress another bonus for it
They take away the crappy old smelly bedding and set up your brand new one for free no extra charges no ripoffs
Dollar mattress sets up the new and takes away the crappy old smelly nasty soil bedding for free
So make the call right now and guarantee yourself months and years of great comfort and a good night sleep every night
With dollar mattress 1 800 MATT RES that's 1 800 mattress for our good friends at dial a mattress
My life and look old this is sports radio 560
Way to A.M
Immaculon this is Joe ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
If you watch only one reality show this season
You'll want to watch the show where the kids finally get into the action tonight on Fox
The premiere of touched by an American idol young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon
Michael Jackson
Touched by an American idol. What's it doing now?
This is called growing and changing its reality TV like no other and you get to vote on who gets the sleep in Michael's bed
Honestly touched by an American idol Tuesday night at 10 on Fox. What's wrong with sharing alone?
But I don't want to share
10 out to a 560 WQM happy Tuesday to it some very bizarre factors here
That's pretty unusual in it. No
It says from Steve it says first time a fact or long time listener. I'm on AOL
It's the worst in this week AOL put you on their not recommended website list
You following that? No
Who you talking to book a bride?
What time together time to get his act together. Okay and quit to giving us these degrading
Pieces of materials burning one now. Yeah, that's it is burning one
Not case AOL this week put you on their not recommended website list. I don't know what that means
Huh? It says and then trying to get to your side. I got these responses
Which I don't know what that means thought you'd like to know
And it's just I don't I don't know what that means
Fox news is right underneath her well that's great
Don't give me a chance to check out what the right wing lunatics are doing okay at Fox news and news
Max.com
We don't really give a crap about AOL and they suck. They're the devil
They are the devil they're the evil doors
We got 217 votes on a poll and evenly it been up close to an hour yet
So we must be getting somebody going through under besides mr. Ego's
Freepers Jeepers creepers. It must be Steve's creepers
Huh?
How does ran we have had one call yet about the religion thing and about how God the just sits back and and is on our side
That's what the Georgie's always saying George W that is
Somebody faxes me this speaking of that German president Rao criticizes Bush's religious fervor
The German president says weapons inspectors were the right solution to the conflict with Iraq and the combat zone
US troops kill eight unarmed civilians at checkpoints
German president Johannes Rao has added his voice to the millions of others expressing harsh criticism of US president George W
Bush and that he's reading against the Iraqi regime reacting into whatever I get to missing a line in a TV interview broadcast
Yesterday last night Rao challenged Bush on a subject that's very close to the US president's heart religion
The German president whose position puts him above the daily skirmishing among Germany's political party said the Bible
Didn't call on anyone to conduct crusades
I don't believe that a people receives a message from God to free another people Rao said
He added that Pope John Paul II actually had the right religious approach to the conflict with Iraq
And the days leading up to the fighting the Pope's stress the world would be a defeat for humanity
Whoever decides that all peaceful means available under international law or exhausted assumes a grave responsibility
Before God his own conscience and history the Vatican said last month. How do you like that?
Even though of course the Vatican is full of crap
But nevertheless even the daughtering old clown like the Pope says cut it out
W cut the crap
Here's another fact that says the favorite four-letter word down here is F-R-E-E
Absolutely correct
Even the grossers have it figured out when they say buy one get one free instead of 50% off restaurants give a free appetizer or dessert
Gas stations give free car wash with Philip these are just a few examples
You could offer on your show free tickets to the beach and lines would light right up
South Florida equals cheap says this faxer and let me say it again
Prices right on the phone calls by the way, which I don't see very many of I were doing scrimmous and I have one line flashing pretty embarrassing in it
Well it would be normally
Okay
W-Q-I-M
Hello
Now I would say that it is a rape at the zone
Oh
W-Q-I-M
Okay, there you go there's three in a row three good ones for you. That's the South Florida audience for ladies and gentlemen
That's the material you folks have today
Just pathetic. I thought we were gonna have a good time today. We did for the first hour
No, we're having a good time. They're not
They suck
Is there anything new about that? No, they just blow man really blow a big time blow chunks
Britain's mirror hires fired veteran Peter R. Net
Britain's daily mirror said yesterday at hired veteran US reporter Peter R. Net
Sack by American TV Network NBC after he told Iraqi TV the US war plan against Saddam Hussein has failed
I report the truth of what's happening in Baghdad and will not apologize for it. He told the tabloid all the way did apologize
What does that mean right?
He told the tabloid newspaper one of the most prominent opponents of Britain's involvement in the war
I'm still in shock and awe at being fired the New Zealand board R. Net who won a Pulitzer prize for his Vietnam war coverage
wrote under the headline banner this war is not working
So I took him less than a day to get up a job. He's given his opinion into an ishting and saying his piece
Walter Cronkite has a lengthy piece
We did that appear by the way. I guess the New York Times and op ed peace which is on our website today. Near Rogers.com
I'm not going to read it speaking with the animates in New York Times at which he read I don't know
He's all over the place poor old Walter
But he does say at the very end
He you know, he says he made a mistake by granting the interview to Iraqi TV
But he says mr. R. Net S firing is more than a personal setback within gone from the airwaves
Americans have lost an eye on Baghdad that had proved a valuable addition to our knowledge of the mysterious enemy
In other words, he was right there in the middle of the action as opposed to CNN which got kicked out in a restaurant time ago
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line
We want to hear about the marlins game yesterday about the free winners about the missing programs. Don't we?
no
WDQ I am yes, good morning. How are you today? Okay, sir?
Listen Neil you know you're you're you're talking this quote you're taking about God. Yeah, problem is God is right now
He's on vacation. Don't you knew that or not?
I think as the Kathy firm are you poor crotch at pb and sucking money out of the public?
God's name, huh? And that's why God's that wants to watch this world all
Okay, thanks. We didn't warn them. Where are that were you were that what?
Whoo
We're doing it. We are doing it. Oh, what am I doing here? You know I'd rather catch SARS. No you'd rather take my chance with a
Ha about this weather
What about it? You know
That's what I had a little what? No, I fear the other day. I'm not not that crazy another week or two. I can handle it right now
Let's get rid of that influenza outbreak up there. Okay, of course
That's only like in a couple of hospitals and then they had the quarantine one school
I was read across from Scarborough hospitaler because the kids reading of the cafeteria and they were all walking around with gas with masks, you know, yeah
None of them got it
But you know how people kind of like panic when something like this comes along especially at these times, you know
These times when everybody's a little bit on edge
Purple alert purple alert
Well, maybe that maybe that's what I had when I was taking the aspirin with my plavix my skin was turning purple
It was a purple alert. Yeah, yeah, it was from inside. Maybe it was the Lord telling me you're taking too many drugs purple alert
Yeah, oh my god. Look at that. It's the old purple people leader
W. D. Q. I. M. Yeah, I do have a little silver lining for you and
That is today's world as I was driving on the turnpike the other day
Yeah, as the sun was just starting to go down I looked up and I saw your billboard. Uh-huh
and
It was amazing that the reflection that the light gave almost looked like the Virgin Mary on your billboard
Oh, yeah, the Virgin Mary does frequently appear on my billboard. As a matter of fact
We've we've talked with a Virgin Mary to try to get her to go on to your QM generic billboard the one that says we've got balls
So the dolphins and hurricanes will be more impressed
No, actually I thought I saw Jesus and they were lining up at that one. I wasn't sure though. Yeah
Thanks for the good news. All right. See us. Oh here it is rich pacta always comes through for me
This is the Andy Rooney commentary from 60 minutes the other night. I'm gonna read it. It's not very long
Rich says I too was impressed with the Rooney segment on Sunday. I usually don't watch the show
Burned out years ago, but sought and didn't even know old Andy was still alive. Well, I'm not so sure he is
But the eyebrows tell you did you see the other piece by Bob Simon on the I told in waiting in a rant
No, somebody called us about they yes, they did not see it. Hope you're feeling well. Yes, I am rich a lot better
P.S. Phil's been like this since 9-11 his inner redneck has become dominant apparently that's sad
That's pathetic. Are you sure? We never even saw any inkling of that when we work with Phil
I thought it was a California sushi roll
Exactly
Well, there are a lot of people from California who like you know pretend to be one thing
Huh, I'm not gonna mention a name is a pretend to be one thing and then they turn out to be something all together different you ignorant
Slut. Yeah, there's another good example a redneck in hiding
With his pickup trucks and is all that crap
He's a redneck Rick Riley. I mean their California redness just go ever been to Orange County
I'm not talking about Florida. I mean California matter. Well, don't go back. Okay
Out of your smart
So well, don't let me forget Andy Rooney when we come back lots of heavy-duty stuff here on this end. Okay. We're prepared. We got our ammunition
There's Bob Corret the White House many Iraqis have been ordered to fight God. He sounds just like the president
It's 11 after 10 then I guess it goes to sure if you hang off hang off it long enough it starts rubbing off
Anyway, let me speak out of that where the weight is fallen off of your body with balance for life
Their food now is better than ever. I'm back on my little black sack. Maybe that's why I feel so good today
Maybe the Rubin wrap and the two-as-salad wrap. I'm wrapping it man. I'm an old rapper myself
They're delicious. Have you ever had the Rubin wrap? Yeah, I love the drama and
Cool slime and it doesn't have that mungy sauce, you know like in a room and sound
I wonder whatever the hell it is. It's delicious. Anyway with balance for life
You lose the weight the delicious way you're happy. You don't feel deprived and starving to death
There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting
They do all the figuring for you all based on the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears
No relation to Brian Sears, but he wishes he was anyway get with the real weight loss program balance for life
They bring in that little black sack air and that's where we can't say sack anymore your little black container
Well, if we say sack it sounds like balls, you know
Right pouch can we say we've got sacks?
We got sack
At least so far until Moe Kansas asked anyway little black sack has got all your food for today and then they bring it to you
They deliver right to your door by 6 a.m. At your work at your home wherever you want to deliver it and
The three gourmet meals are in there two delicious snacks and the food is fresh. It's delicious
Nothing is frozen nothing artificial no additives no crap just great and of course you choose between two choices each meal
Everyday that you run a program
So if you're tired of all the other diets that you've tried and failed if you're sick and tired of feeling no energy
Feeling and the lousy and also looking like crap with all that extra weight
Lose the weight like the beast is doing right around 60 pounds
You can do the same and probably even better because you won't cheat as much as he's been doing
Call balance for life and let them do the job for you call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2
You're to yourself to give this a try lose the weight to delicious the smart way 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2
9 or check them out of the web if you like it balance for life.com
Hey with my nose
Oh Sarah oh Jim
Sarah
Sarah shouldn't we be using you know oh don't worry I'm using the new sponge oh
Hi guys I just love these dead together don't you who's this um Jim this is Bob
Nice to meet you Jim hey I got a great idea look for your day look you're interrupting something here
The new contraceptive sponge Bob shown to be 95% effective as a method of birth control
Consult your doctor to see if Sponge Bob is right for you well time to get back to work open wide
You got to darken here
Bob
Do you hear what he just said tough Lindsey just said I don't want to say the word that he said because they will lose our license
He said oh my god like seconds before open a mic again good timing do you hear that he said
Now I didn't hear no wait a minute did you hear did you hear that?
See it's not the CDs your blaming book of Brian. There's something. There's like dirty powder here. What?
You don't hear the oh that was a little if that's on there
No, it's not
Pretty good. There's like a dirty pots all the pots are dirty our pot is dirty
You should have picked the seeds out at least
Don't you hear that and stems oh my god this place needs a douche we need to do some equipment up
See so and your blaming hooker Brian. Oh, it's a disc the disc is a degenerating and somebody generate made it
Fully your full of crap man listen see it's in these pots. It's in this board
She I hope but holy wait listen because you'll come in here with a vacuum cleaner and suck everything out
You know what I mean hear that?
That's not good. No, I want to see it's a good thing deaf came in here and said because otherwise
I wouldn't have played that when you see when you're playing a bit you don't hear that in the back
But the see even the audience can hear that what kind of crappy equipment you people using you're supposed to be radio-ish
Right, yeah, we're not even like a real like a good make-believe radio station
Oh, oh, oh, and you couldn't hear that the first time what is wrong with you and you deaf?
What do I have to speak a little bit louder?
Well, I was clean that time. Yeah
Purple alert
Jesus God this whole this whole now what are we gonna do about that?
Because that's on a different pot. It's in this board. I think it's sabotage. I think there's sabotage going on here
Ladies and gentlemen the one station
That there's to speak out against all this insanity and all of a sudden everything's like all screwed up or as deaf was gonna say all
Up you hear that?
Let me crank it up. Oh
Man that'll wake those bastards up. Here's a couple of fasses
From an ashamed American one says well don't get too carried away, okay?
I was listening to eight sperm this morning and the caller started to land based him about his pro-war views and boy was how he upset
I guess the truth hurts the caller labeled how he a shill for the conservative right and
Question his political slant for a party that's continually trying to rule his guy from the airwaves
Of course how I put his foot in his mouth claiming he voted for Gore and therefore how could he be a right-winger?
Syria is sending suicide bombers into Iraq the US has proof of
Terrorist funding by Saddam and every other propaganda least news clip for
Fed to him by this bush dictatorship. He was quoting have you heard bushes setting his sights on Iran now
We're all doomed sign in the
Raya's name was
Who's getting a little carried away? He must be listening to Rumsfeld Syrian Iran must better watch out
And you better not pop because we're pretty in upset
Well, that I am upset now. I was feeling so good, you know, it's this it's this room
I got to go back to Toronto because this studio is unfit for our human broadcast. Yeah, it is piece of crap
It's it's in the board
How can I you think it's just in the speakers risen on the air?
You see what I'm saying?
There's no way to know for sure. Well would be if somebody would call in and tell us
WQ I am
More talk is for yeah, yeah, I'll get him out of here get out of our face
See how can they tell how it sounds on the air sounds like this on the air?
Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 oh yeah, you know something yesterday
I'm driving home trying to listen to the mad dog and we got the old thing back on up 441
But the signal is like impossible. It's never been this bad since we worked here. It's like you're right
So how we have any audience left beats to crap out of me
WQ I am
Hey, Neil audio check. Yes, sir
Hey, uh, there's audio check. There's Orlando on the radio, but it's gotta be but anyway, I'm calling out
I'm not talking about the signal. I'm talking about the the
You hear that? Yeah, what does it sound like crap? Yeah
Yes, it's screwed up for a month. I got a web page and I have road runner
Yeah, and it connects the server and it buffers
That plays for about five seconds. It rebuffers not every 10 seconds
We are the only complaint we've had it's got to be you and I take the road runner and I chase his ass down
I get the only while he coyote
Well, when I go to Q a M one site and try to connect the listen it plays fine once it connects
Yeah, but it takes about 10 minutes for the player to connect our website screwed up George
Okay, thanks for the good news. So all the equipment is screwed up. Let's hear it
No wonder I have an arrest break down when I'm here. This place is just not fit for broadcast. This is unacceptable
Radiation yeah, not not even radio wish. I mean we don't even resemble the kind of crap we got in here. I still can oh
That's on the air man. That's not just in the speakers
Because you're waiting else. Why you just plan maybe it's a you're gonna test the pot
Well, what else are we got? How about you?
Understands of the stuff. Oh keep strats of everyone. Well, can't be just that one sound it could be I get out
I know you know why I'm it
That's the cleanest part I ever smell
You know why it could be just that sound because I took that beat from our shortcut
And I've played it a city in times. Maybe just never noticed it before get out of here
We got we got static on a CD. I know we got static on here and now it's one CD not the other crazy
You're in a mess. We can have hooliote here and pretend to do something with the big back of the show
Huh, let's just do that until the 1 o'clock
How could it just be a coincidence?
Do you hear that no
Clean as a whistle. Yeah, maybe you exercise the pot. Maybe I cleaned it out when it's out
I cleaned it out. Listen about it. It's just pretty neat during the show all day
Yeah, we're gonna do transmitter and equipment maintenance here during the arrived your show probably gonna 50 share
Okay, now test all the other pots individually. Yeah, okay, let's most some clean them. Oh, that's right
Muffling it all up sit again like he did with Anthony and glad about the story on that. What is the story?
The story is there is no story. What do you remember that didn't happen?
He saw them all coming out of a car all of a sudden smoke coming out of the car as they were exiting the car
The people the aforementioned people and possibly others that we don't know. Yeah, we're exiting the car
And a big cloud of smoke exited with them and Duff was going to his car and he just waved and like like hey, how you doing?
Yeah, I know who made up that story. Who made up that crap? I don't know who told you some of the sales people
I think was high boy that was in their gossiping with that fat piece of turd man that fat
There was no issue. There was no comment was all that
So anyway, Muff was in here and said
Yeah, he did say that and then he ran out of here. Oh, it's gonna be in trouble. I'm gonna be in trouble
Greg is listening. I'm gonna be in trouble
So there was no lecture no one was called into the odds
See it was just another fantasy story here at QM nobody called in anybody for smoking a little wacky weed
Okay, in fact, that's our middle name weed
Right, we're gonna put that up in the next billboard for managers last thing right right, right weed. That's correct
I know somebody who probably says that
But I don't want to mention no names now wait till you're this facts
This is the epitome here is Edward our morrow said the epitome of what's this town is all about in fact
I'm even though we got a short break. I'm gonna do it first because I want to spend at least four or five hours on this
All right mark in Miami mark you have set me off baby. All I can say is have a nice life
Neil where's the fun that that's how it starts now? Let me do the break and then we'll come back
I know you wait a season you'll love this because you cannot please this town no matter what
You do you can't please unless it's something for free. Maybe mark would like a one the mug
Can we give you a one the mug mark? How about a free weeny?
Oh, you can't please this crowd talk about hard to please but clean
Oh, it's nice and clean and pristine rhymes with silly old queen
10 25 at 5 60 WQM
By the way speaking of silly old queen I saw Bill Tanner in the hall yesterday on a way up
And boy you sure were funny and I thought funny we did a real heavy duty series show today's that he should say boy
You sure were funny today modeled old troll are you picking on this is the Tanner building mr. I understand and we're pretty
nervous about it
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories
You've got to go to one place barbecues galore don't forget get a head start on the barbecuing season with a perfect
Grille on accessories all of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe barbecues galore carries barbecues in every price range
Under the sun from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill like the one
I got it's great for all your barbecues needs of the guaranteed lowest prices don't forget shop barbecues galore
They're in plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center call 954 423
1400 and also in curl springs at 7485 West sample road at the corner of sample road in Rock Island call 954
757 668
954
757 668 for that location barbecues galore they be the barbecues specialist
234 more bombs drop
678 more bombs drop
1011 12 more bombs drop we're gonna drop
Around the clock we're gonna drop them bombs and take them dead
Blue that drag right off their heads we're gonna bomb around the clock tonight
We're gonna bomb bomb bomb block after life we're gonna bomb gonna bomb around the clock tonight
Here's a real gun bomb so have a blast we're gonna show back all up your ass we're gonna bomb around the clock tonight
We're gonna bomb bomb bomb bomb after life we're gonna bomb gonna bomb around the clock tonight
I
Want to bang in the butt honey 1028 at 560 W3M
So I will get to that facts, but first Andy Rooney
With a big eyebrows remember I said I was gonna be the Andy Rooney if I don't do it now
I will put it off to the side burying the sea of these other important facts is
Rooney on a 60 minutes on Sunday night said we all find war a more and more interesting let me try it again
We all find war more interesting than peace anytime death is imminent life is exciting and we're watching this whereas though is a video game
On television it's hard to know where to look to find what you want to know there are pictures on top of pictures
Moving print on top of those there's more than the eye can see or the brain comprehend
The generals are giving us the play-by-play action from their Hollywood studio and Qatar
They're telling us everything, but we don't feel we know anything
Summer port is a detached military units and we're getting stunning coverage from them
We're seeing more first hand we're all asking each other what we think to
Strangers ask me what I think is if I was smart because I'm on television. I have opinions no information
Experts talk about precision bombing, but on the ground where the bombs hit
It's not precise people are killed history destroyed
We didn't shock them and we didn't awe them and bagged that the phrase makes us look like foolish Braggerts
The president ought to fire whoever wrote that for them just an opinion
We haven't caught been loved and so we're transferring the blame for 9.11 the Sodom who's saying there are soldiers who think that's why they're fighting
Who's saying is a bad man who didn't have anything to do with 9.11 just an opinion?
When I see president Bush with soldiers, I wish he'd been the one at war himself
He'd know more about where he was saying he was sending those soldiers just an opinion
It bothers me that America's hated
I don't like to be hated personally which happens and I don't like my country to be hated which has happened
I have one opinion. I don't like having we have stores of biological chemical and nuclear weapons in this country
If we were losing this world we as the last resort use them. I'm afraid we might who say and has chemical and
biological weapons if he's about to lose this world will he use them?
I'm afraid he might I wish my America had never gotten into this war, but now that we're in it. I want us to win it
What a great commentary by Andy Rooney man talk about balls. That was great
And of course, that's why nobody's watching CBS because they're in the tiny minority just like yours truly just on a show
Well, you know, it's a good thing. We got that gigantic February in the ratings
Because from now on worth the mercy of all the war or the bullet huggers and the hocks and the abusher liquors
And that's why it goes I don't care like I started to say before before I interrupted myself
I don't come on here and give opinions or take positions because it's gonna be popular. Get me ratings
That's crap. That's garbage
And so some of these people are being very inconsistent now who are like obviously pandering to what they feel is the overwhelming majority of the public
Are you sure shame on them? I'm embarrassed for them and humiliated
Anyway, Mark and Miami faxes and I'll say it again this fax to me represents 27 plus years on this
On a Uranus town. Listen Neil. Where's the fun? Three question marks? Yes, we know war is bad
We know that there are a gate priest in the church. We know. I'm always an asshole. We know that station management is useless
You keep saying you don't want to do topical radio, but yet you keep going on and on about the depressing war
Obviously the war is a major issue, but there's a million new channels and websites that we can get it info from let's have some fun
All your recent polls are so serious
What about having a fun pool during these depressing times? Let's go back to your face
Like yesterday we did a war pull about which statement is more relevant to sound like I thought there were some hysterical choices on here to sound Florida
Anyway, what about having a fun pool during these depressing times? Let's go back to your favorite movie favorite TV show favorite song
Gathering a list for those polls was fun it kept our mind off all the Schmidt happening in the world
I love your show. I'll listen regardless. I just wanted to share my thoughts as Mark and Miami. Well Mark
Yeah, we can't please you can't we sweet are we doing a heavy show today? No?
Have I talked about gay priest in the church today? No, in fact, did I talk about bonding with mole and kind of a yeah, right?
And let me also say for some of you simple-minded people the pool is not the show the pool is something we do every day at our website
Sometimes we talk about it sometimes we never even make reference to it other than read the results
Not what the show is the show is about whatever you want to talk about I understand it's not too easy because you got nothing to talk about
It's a supplement. It's a set set. It's an appendage. It's part of the show. That's all
Like when you go to a lot of websites they got a poll on their free to vote out. What do you think about this? What do you think?
Right and those poll building shows while I
Need to do they hate them. Oh, they're totally took a poll on that and the audience said oh, we don't want to hear any of that
Those long likely polls where people call it and say like two words gone with a wind
Yeah, no, I'm gonna explain what you want. They call up with whatever they think you
Know, just name a whole bunch of things good golly miss Molly. What's your favorite?
I think your brain is gonna suck. Yeah, I think that's the problem
So anyway, Mark and Miami were delighted that you listen, but they cut the crap, okay? Where's the fun?
In addition to which is our poll today like really super serious a couple of the choices on there
God doesn't carry his busy with ball games
Everybody serious even the Lord loves neo-Rodgers. Yeah, heavy duty and very serious
I mean light enough a little bit sweet art. Will you please? I'm trying to like trying to like pace it like yesterday
Was probably a very very serious most of the four hours. They were trying to have like a little lighten it up a little bit
And here's a guy right out. Oh, it's not keep it light Neil keep it light
Where's the fun? Yeah, probably up his ass
Probably got a whole bunch of creatures crawling around in there
God almighty mark
You can't please these people for love or money and again
Let me say the price is right on this show. You like it great. You hate it so much
You can't turn it off great if you don't want to listen bye-bye
That's it. You can't stand somebody who's not a warmonger on a year. Bye-bye. You can't stand the truth
Bye-bye and I'll say it again ever since this war started and before it started
I am still waiting for the first person to call this show and give me any
Real justification of why this war is going on not that I want to discuss it every day all day
Which I'm not doing in their press. Let me show you the Jordan times. See I mean we could put that on all day
I'm not doing that today. I want to give everybody a rest including me
But it's it's always the personal attack while I sure hope I'm glad the troops can't hear a faggot like you and the things you're saying
That's great. That's brilliant. All it does is show us your ass show us where you're coming from
Just like Moe. Aren't we attacked on 9-11? Oh God. Yeah, so let's invade Delaware
Okay, it's a lot smaller and a lot closer than Vade Miramar
We know the terrorists are actually there. There you go. Let's invade Miramar. Let's not get too close to the track, but other than that
Blue alert near a mirror a Miramar purple alert
Got all mighty
I think I'm just gonna play Godfather drop in. Okay, drop in yeah drop in
Johnny Ponte will never get that movie. I don't care how many day go get you what grease ball come on
I don't know what work I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crock mitt friend
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You'll know what it was come a lawyer. I have not threatened
I know almost every big lawyer. I knew y'all who the hell are you? Yeah, who the hell are you? Huh?
See we got a whole bunch of those now
Well, I didn't know
Well, I never used that once so what the hell do I know about it?
Side unseen without even changing the other thing on there very good Neil. Thank you, huh?
That's really what I know on it. Oh
Here's a fast coming in as fast cover sheet
Don't you hate those why and look at that and the second page which is what it did nothing on it
He always one piece of paper when they can waste it. Yes, who this is from it's from Mark
Mark Mark who I just read the fact that first from hey, I hate to break the news for you mark
But your second message is a blind sheet of paper
WQ I am yeah, yeah, sir. How you doing sir? I'm doing very well. Thank you
You just made a Freudian slip a few moments. I'm sorry. You said that we're not gonna talk about the gay priest in the in the church
Yeah, well, you've always said that their pedophile priest not gay priest well
Whatever I mean I was just reading from his facts, but I at least said okay. Thank you
Don't be so uptight. Okay. Don't be so uptight because everybody knows
Right so they couldn't possibly be gay
So try to get Mark whatever I guess he's gonna do like a back-and-forth marker with a facs machine who finds it a lot easier than calling up
There are a lot of people that don't want to call because they're afraid I'm a mean nasty guy
And I'll hang up on him and make him look like a jackass. They get nervous. They get tongue tied
And here's another facs but it's not from Mark
I guess Mark just they ran out of materials. He's just sending me blank pages now
Here's one it says it's not about oil or a rack. It's about the US in Europe going head-to-head on world economic dominance is what it says
By Jeffrey heard in Australia down under I don't I don't want to get into it. I'm getting ahead. I just thinking about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T and for rising
Wireless line. We're still waiting to hear from the God Squad out there about how you rationalize all the butchering of these innocent
Memblem and children on both sides including our military our poor young people who are sent over there for an unjust and
Acceptable conflict being put in harm's way
And the eight or ten or whatever the real number was of those people and and why we're picking it out just because it was one obvious
You know situation how about the four soldiers killed by the suicide bomber on Saturday? There's four more dead people
Mm-hmm and the numbers keep going up very slowly and it's 43 now in the 34 Brits
Which is 77 and then by the end of the week it'll be like a hundred and then it'll be a couple a hundred and of course
We don't know how many thousands of Iraqis and how many they are saying the red cross it by the way
Of course, we know what a bunch of Kami pink was there so I think that the Iraqis are right that and in Baghdad alone
Over a hundred people a day are being invented for a three-minute hospitals over a hundred a day
Those are the ones who are still alive
And all the humanitarian groups are saying ten times the combined casualties of the US and Britain
Die have died in civilians
Numbers of civilians how do you like that?
But I thought I remember they're deliberate them by liberation by elimination the ones that live there
You're gonna get markup set again because you're starting with a heavy worst of can we have some fun?
No, can't we have some fun?
Why don't you take a poll on your favorite toilet paper? No?
Boy talk about whimpering mark you're you he started he must hang out with a mad dog, you know talk about having no balls
Grow a little peer even Greg regrow pair. What pretty proud of around here
I mean we don't like him anymore than we used to but break hate you, you know
In fact, I know since I've been back as he's showing his head in this door. Have you seen him last few days?
Yeah earlier like Monday. Yeah, that's on didn't show his face in here
No, but I'm back briefly to see my smiling face to see if I'm okay
What does he have I recovered from my stroke, huh? What's new about that? Yeah?
Because he's a pussy. He's another one who's a scared to like look me in the eye because he knows he's full of crap
And the good news is he finally paid norm can't yeah
How do you like that finally what's goes to show you you know
Just because you don't get paid stuff and you got your bonus early this last time which course that'll be the last one
We ever get well, not don't say early. I got it not right here not late for a hear you got it very very early
You got it way way before you dreamed you'd ever even sniff it for the due date right before the doodah
Nice go on Greg you're really moving up Greg H. You now
We'll see who has the balls, you know, that's a good line especially for him
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound fight. I'm waiting for the facts for mark. I can't wait
Now he can't do it. I guess he can't get it up and and oh here. Oh, he's faxing me this stuff
This must be a different mark. I guess I don't know
If you're more than one mark out there now with our slim audience we got now in fact
That's gonna be the limit one per name and we already know if your name is Dave
You'll have to tune out because we already got Jeff High's neighbor Dave right did you put that thing in here that song?
No, not yet, but we got it. Oh, yeah, probably don't have enough room left in the VCS for that
20 before 11 at 5 60 WQA. I'm hey bark Avenue pet resort is the only all-natural pet resort in the entire USA and
For your dog or your pet. It's like a day at the spa your pooch will socialize all day with pals in
Soft-medded players and always under the supervision of dog loving counselors
You know a lot of times when you board your pet. It's like a Russian roulette
I know that because I had a bad bad experience a couple of years ago and you don't want to do that
Bark Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding in large-tiled suites
They offered daycare expert grooming on all breeds and when you see the place you can see it online
You don't have to go there and I've checked it out
You're gonna be very impressed with the clemeness and lack of smell of this 10,000 square foot luxury facility
Of course when you see it online you probably wouldn't smell it anywhere would you or they have like
Maybe they have the smell cam I
Think guilty
This morning anyway if tiny into when he was still alive
They'd probably be spending a lot of time there
In fact, I wish I'd have known about this place back then see for yourself a bark Avenue is all about go online to bark app pet resort
Com that's bark AVE bark app pet resort com you can take a virtual tour or real-turt bark Avenue any Monday through Saturday at
14 hundred South Federal Highway in Hollywood just a light north of Pembroke Road
That's one of the great things when you're on vacation around the town and you've got your dogs boarded there
You can go online from anywhere and actually take a peek and see how they're doing call bark Avenue 954
925 bark that's 954 925 bark for boarding grooming and daycare for bark Avenue pet resort. It's one of a kind
We're sports radio 516
UAM
Smell it
I am
I
On my arm like a ramic nailly map a lot go on I got things on my nose
Nobody knows that under my clothes. I wear pantyhors, but that don't mean that I'm gay if you think my arms
I've had you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing shave to show a little clasped the next time I'm raping
I could go to a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers. I would not want the walk. I'm looking like John Rivers
Where am I? I buy a little beast the fat little freak. I did them a favor now
I can't afford it. The reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard as big as he wouldn't shut up and he can't play
Connected
Nobody talk over there. Nobody talk from around. I rap then you talk
Look at me. I'm big. I ain't no square. I'm a thing done daddy man. I'm really dead
I buy a ready one I want. I don't care. Let's believe they make me flip my wig later smelly green hair
I got tired myself and even happens to the grapes
Westwood would send you get out of here. Oh, I'll sweep rake your legs. So now I sit by the pool life says good as
Engendons with my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jinks
Paradise paradise. I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise
I'll be sure to love the screw kids when I get the chance that the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants
How long does it take?
Kelly calling the plate. It was just a little thought so what I love this day
I think that's funny when I'm not gonna sell it's buddy. I can do what I want. The management loves me
But the longest time I wanted you to be my
Oh, you wipe my tight bow. Now I'll say hello
Head 45 at 560 WQ I am see one of the reasons that she's so intolerable from what I hear because I don't listen to where I haven't heard her in a couple of years
Is because she's on this rampage day after day. She's the left wing equivalent to what the right wingers are the one no Charlie's
And I find that like intolerable. I don't I don't want to do that. I'm not gonna do it
So those of you who keep faxing me all these articles I not that I don't appreciate it
But I do read the New York Times online every day, okay?
And we have stuff on our website every day like marine dogs calm and Paul Krugman and Nick Kristoff and all of these things and at a trills
But we do have that say and again, it's just like that facts
I read from Mark in the dark whatever that guy's name is you can't please everybody
But we're trying to we always try to ride the a fine line here
Between not getting too heavy duty and getting everybody depressed and suicidal
And like trying to put out at least a differing up one of you which we do
But good golly miss Molly some of you people lighten up them
If I wanted to be immersed in this I just I will just put on a goddamn networks all day reading like I said before right we can do that
And step on Saturday with the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit in Southern Iraq
One thing that is quite weird. Wait if you watch the cable system searing Kuwait system the Arab news now
I'm not gonna do it. Okay. I'm absolutely not gonna do. I don't want to sit there watching at home all day. Do you know?
Oh, here's here's Mark again. Oh, and you know something this must be a different mark who sent me and don't be sending me this again
You Jack one page one of 15. Oh no
Stop it you clown you
This has got to be a different mark. Yeah, it is
This is the other extreme. This is somebody who sent me a 15 page thing which I canceled on here
Which I don't have the time nor the inclination to read when you stop it. You're just what I was just talking about
Oh, no, we want you to be the voice of reason. Well good go. Well reason this okay
I'd rather talk about data
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Cranky nasty this time manage. Just tear your part tear your kishkis out
Yeah, we don't want that whatever you don't we don't want that we want to list them in we want to talk heavy duty about the war
We want you to do this. We want you to be that go on national radio show that rush limbaugh
Okay
Don't forget they want your tickets to an addition to which here
I am trying not to pat myself on the back again like most said I did about the baseball broadcast
But here we are in this show both of us trying desperately to like present this one alternative of
You point one little voice in a wilderness on this one crappy station with a bad signal and is a poster like you know
These people want to be looking their radio for it. Yeah, we can never do good enough to please them no matter what it is you do
What game are we gonna play today uncle Neal? What game are we gonna play today?
Peta now you know what it feels like to be married. Oh wow forget about that
I'll tell you right now. That's one of the great things
Yeah, in fact, I have no idea all these people are want to get married all these gay marriages
Not that's one of the great things about being gay now having to worry about crap like that some painly as nattering nagging wife
Yeah, yeah, you know you know what I'm talking about
I'm just gonna get pregnant unexpected one day just as a way to like seal your fate for the rest of your life
I wasn't thinking of anybody specifically. I said that of course not here's a fact
This is you are on today. Wow whatever that means am I I am on something drugs?
maybe we indicate share
It says we've gone to the point of this country that if you can say it's something against the war
You're on American and not a Christian. Well guess what I'm not on American, but I'm certainly not a Christian. Thank God
Thank
Huh?
Facts is just unbelievable. Oh, let's see. It's not me. I only say one fax is Mark and Miami now we know that mark
And thank you
In fact, I like this guy better than the guy that sent me to 19 pages
Mark and Miami says by the way, I didn't mean to ruffle your feathers. Don't feel bad. Mark. You didn't ruffle my feathers
I wasn't giving you one listeners opinion. I'm sure you have thousands of others that disagree or he was just whatever he says
Alas or also I can't call it because my work beside that rather facts you'd probably hang up on me if I called you
I'm a sensitive guy and don't know if I could deal with that one a lot of sensitive people
I can just a radio show. What if I did hang up like what have you heard like
That okay, you heard that be the world just a dial tone
What's the big deal with that? Okay, what's the matter with you got like a small pita problem?
Anyway, it says you're on today. Wow
Well, maybe because I'm feeling a little bit better although I'm starting to have a relapse after that bonding with Mo
I started feeling much better about life
That says we've got the point this country that if you say something against the war you're on American and not a Christian
The latter I can deal with but the link between Christianity and politics scares the hell out of me amen
Jesus has to be Republican. Could you imagine a Democrat claiming to be a Christian?
That means you have to have voted for Clinton and who could possibly be a court or Christian and vote for Clinton
But from what I've read Jesus was definitely not conservative
Out here in the trenches of society must either be prepared to fight to give your opinion as a liberal or settle
Be a closet Democrat and keep your mouth shut
I'm a Vietnam vet. That was an unjust conflict under a democratic prison
That's right at least in the beginning
It was wrong to send us over there to be injured or killed for absolutely no reason whatsoever
In stating this I think I just don't flaunt the party line and repeat what I hear
This war is as unjust as in Southeast Asia
I'm an American but would not send a child of mine to serve in this commander in chief in this war
There are things worth fighting for and there are things worth dying for neither of which applied to this action
Guess what all but the right wing chuckleheads in the whole world agree that's right Darrell you're right
Where are the good old days when all we had to care about who was who was giving you bubble of BJ in a white house?
Oh right. How do we long for those days or what?
Those were bad times and by the way for certain right wing wackos out there who are upset about we've got balls
I hate to break the news deal
But is anybody remember Kenny stars pornographic report? Oh, yeah, that was good. Yeah, and that was really heavy duty stuff
That was for Jesus in fact a lot of people said there was some of the most pornographic stuff
That ever appeared in a non-pornile website and it has given the internet. Yeah, how do you like that? That was good
That's what Bubba said he said was pretty good and this mark is starting to send me this graphic stop it
I'm gonna give his number on an ear if he don't stop sending me this crack
Where's this idiot from oh six oh he's from out of town. What's six oh three area code
I don't know I could look it up. I don't know, but we're not taking his faxes. Is it idiot?
19 pages my ass you lunatic you stop it now you maniac
Before we get done rumsfeld on your freaking dumb ass
350 votes on the pool how does religion permit the carnage of this war in Iraq?
We're still waiting for the first call by the way to explain that to us haven't got one yet
Religious fanaticism is that through to the problem 185 people say that
God doesn't carry his busy with ball games 69 people say that George 69
69
Even the Lord loves neo-roger's 54 said that
54 people who get it. I know that the Lord even loves neo-roger's
It doesn't the 10 commandments. Say thou shalt thou kill 25
It's self-defeiting God will allow a 13 and God wants us to kill our enemies 7
What a lovely thought even though of course it happens to me true for all you Bible flumters out there for the god squad
God says kill this one and kill the first born male children of the Egyptians and m-mah-mah-mah-mah
All this other crap well. He did that just to show you how it's done as a favor
You mean like tell us how to uh deal with our slaves
It is this mark jerk is you know stop it mark. We don't want your crap
I'm not talking about mark and my man talking about mark out of town geek
No case whack job lunatic fanatic
Send his fascism over to the Randy pita show
Randy pita Randy pita show right
WQ I am
Listen to that what's going on there man?
What's up? Listen to questions and just to be a friend. I did disagree with you
Are you coming to read over there? What are they waiting?
Yeah, I was some
Somebody's got some drug bust to me. You're not an old James house, right? No, I'm nearby though. I see there you go
Two questions for it. First of all, I did disagree with you on the war. That's fine
Yeah, good luck. Yeah, but but the
Why do you and you're labeling people?
You know not to do if they disagree with you. I mean that's just neither
Everybody who disagrees with me is a Nazi if I ever said that
Everybody the right wing is enough. That's crazy. That's that
When did I when did I say that?
You in front of
No, no, no, you know what it sounds like it sounds to me like you got a guilty conscience. What I've never said that
You're reading into it. I've used the term Nazi and referring to the people who are controlling this country right now
The administration and I do not retract that. I believe that very strongly
I believe that before the election that I believe it now even more so
Okay, but you do you do you have no follow people who just disagree with you and you know for different reasons
They don't necessarily have to be Nazis
Right or shift of course for those people who like to do castra like like the Pope
And you guys ever disagree you enjoy it
No, not if he wants to get paid again
See you do we ever disagree? I don't think there's anything we do agree on other than polapal politics religion the godfather
That's about it. That's it. Polon thinks religion the godfather is the only three things that we agree on
Exactly
Everybody agrees on a godfather in fact if you don't like the godfather, you probably some kind of a moron
A Nazi
Yeah, I would agree with that and a communist right
A communisty
Well, let me tell you something my crud McFran
567 05 60 boy to godfathers where it's at you why are you depressed god?
I told you go out and get the trilogy get the a CD the DVD the DVD stick to godfather in your pants
And just sit there and kill some hours lock yourself in the house or with some good company
Maybe took a take a look at your data or somebody else's
567 05 60 we're having a wonderful show here today in spite of my a mark Mike whenever his name is
He's we got him straight now now. He was a little bit out of sorts
Where's the fun? Where is the fun? Look in your pantaloonies mark. Maybe you'll find some fun in there
You know maybe like guilty. Maybe you'll find a loaf in there, huh some olive loaf
I'm not exaggerating you know me. I would never make up something like that. There was some kind of a stench
Maybe they were farting, huh? Because I know I am right now. No, no
I've smelled farts in my life. I've been around a lot longer than you have. Okay. I've smelled including my own
Some of which would kill it's partly Iraqi army, okay, but this was in a league of its own
Yeah, but have you smelled most farts before this wasn't mode. This was guilty. Mo was still in the room
Maybe this is bag they get seeped
Oh, and what is this from mr. Lemieux? I wonder if he's related to Mario a letter. Oh, no, no
Not what it's seven pages. I don't want this
I don't want this crap. Are you a crazy person? There what? Oh these people are so good
You know something this is another good reason for me not to even get involved in any of this
Just yeah, you know what I'm saying. I know because they want me to be like a male Randy Rhodes now, you know, she's small potato
She's like
She ought to stick to her or something she knows about which ain't that
God
Remember the good old days when she used to talk about
About boobs and pita. Yeah, yeah before she became a maven on world affairs and be sure before she became a wannabe a
Left-wing lard ass wannabe
Somebody who lives in a total dream world. Oh, let her to John rumsfeld in this one and now stop it
Don't say that to me. I can't do nothing for you. Okay. I'm just some silly old fag on a radio here
Trying to eke out a meager living all right. Just leave me alone with all these silly stupid facts as God
Nothing make you want a puke
Nothing to make you want to chop off somebody's teda
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a 18 t the very apologetic Jim Mandage will be here at one o'clock this afternoon in the studio. How do you like that?
How do you like that, mad dog? Who's gonna get Ricky up low? Well, you'll tell us I guess
And he'll be apologizing for his fated to really tell it like it is. I mean, is that what he's always saying
He's the guy that tells it like it is all of he admits that when it comes to the orphaned organization
He's a real pussy and he whips up and shuts down or shuts up and the whips down. Why Shula's not there anymore
He doesn't owe them anything anymore
He does Shula's a chula steak too very often as a matter of fact and so does the Humper oh
So there's this rather incestuous relationship
Let's see why we are racking attack from Sam
Vorshlove the Iraqi people so much he's willing to spend more than a hundred million dollars
Hundred million
We're talking about
74 and a half billion so far just for starters give many of our troops and the wreckies of it is killed just so the rest of the Iraqi people be free
That's right liberation by emancipation. I's going Sam you got it, baby
That's why we love them so much. We love them to death. Yeah, just like the border game Christians. We love you to death
1058 at 560 WQA you know I'm starting to like Canada a lot more
Every minute of every day with or without that SARS, you know, I'm just starting to
Why don't you go back to Canada you do
Bastard okay
Let me tell you right now if you had a hair problem if it's missing if your hairs have gone down the drain and on the flow and all over the place
Gone with the wind you got a big ugly bald spot like Boka Brian for example and you ought to be ashamed blaming him for
being a degenerate or whatever was
Charles Alfie here is the guy can get your hair back for you and make you look great
In fact, I noticed in my bonding moments with Mo this morning that that thing actually moves your mind on his head
Yeah, I wonder why they sometimes laugh when he goes in or thought that he's telling any funny material
It's just a laugh when they see that piece starting to move around from side to side from front to back
It's a panic if you don't want people laughing at you because you got a mousy looking piece on your head or because it looks like an animal
By the top of your forehead Charles Alfie is the guy you want to call because he's been for over 25 years now
Getting guys a great looking head of here with his natural hairline system the latest the best technology at any price
So whether you're a billionaire or a slipper or somewhere in between here's the guy you want to see and there's no obligation
Because Charlie sits you down gives you a free consultation and shows you how much better and younger
He can make you look and you got nothing loose but that glaring shiny ball spot
Because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're not getting late 15 20 30 times today Charlie gives you full refund
Be sure mention the arrangers when you call and take advantage of the $200
Neil Rogers discounted the Charles Alfie's theorem and there's a fat boy by the way in the middle of my spot
They'll come while flying out fallen through the door while I'm doing a spot jackass call toll free
1 800 321 24 13 that's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 gets your hair back or check them out in the web at Charles Alfie Erie dot com
This is 4205 secure you way up
You go back to kill for you spent faster coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take it good hard stiff looking to start
She took the inspiration for her music from the way she felt about life
And that's what gave us the happy go lucky stylings of
At Benatar
Oh my goodness yes one has to draw from life doesn't one
Hit me with your best shot was about this vicious bastard. I'm that who deserved to be castrated
That Benatar was clearly on a mission to bring light into our lives through the positive upbeat sentiments in her songs
Oh, yes hard breaker that was my way of giving to be
You'd all man
The lion the bags
Benatar's four Grammys for best rock female vocal seem to indicate that America was also infatuated with her
Gleeful wonders take on life
Well certainly love is a battlefield
Honestly, I wonder why anyone bothers is it really worth it just to have a little ride on the baloney pony?
I fucking well think not
Finally Pat turned her adoring gaze from male female relationships to the joyous life-affirming subject of child abuse
Alice
Well the scars do go back to childhood don't they
Oh, it's all a pile of useless life isn't it? Oh dear. Yes
Pat Benatar she was the feel good artist of the 80s
Not
It's a big juicy stopping went look at show business tonight but inside the behind
1103 at 560 wqf so Greg Readison here was said we do have ball
Maybe that big yet, but they're growing your feet
Rick from tapas is having lived in South Florida certainly agree. It's a bitter
And this is a great line a bitter crusty place to live absolutely
Oh god, are you right Rick or what however? It's a breath of fresh air compared to Tampa and again
Two for two
I was in a pub the other day went over to conversation between two stereotypical tampons who were watching the Fox news channel
Kind of planning how the Iraqis were gonna pay us back for their liberation
I was in shock and awe that at this point they still don't get that this is all about the oil
Then they left separately one driving a hummer and they're the driving a Lincoln navigator
I can't wait to get the hell out of this second-rate city says poor Rick from Tampa
And you know what we say on this show Rick when it comes to our friends in Tampa
Not you personally Rick but the town
Yeah, you can just imagine can you imagine
The shows on FLA which of course they Schmidt-Meister is on over here that FL a rush light
But can you imagine a crap that there's be one?
I don't want to boy
Look at the oh here
This is seriously this started out as one of the most incredible days of my life and it's just continuing to get better and better
And stop passing me stuff from the god damn New York Times. I read the times that length online every day
I appreciate all your help, but you know, it's like helping the old lady across the street. You don't want to cross it
God
Here's a fact. This is a couple of things. I'll try to make them brief
Mad dog will never say anything bad about the pussy dolphins or moe for that matter as they get checks from Wayne
All right, that's a good point
Unfortunately that gives them each absolutely no credibility when it comes to dolphins talk same thing with gildy and the panthers now gildy has
He threw a little bit of a weak shot here in here. Oh, I noticed was it David Janeyle again on Sunday in the herald
Second Rick Dudley's ass in there about what a great job
He didn't tap on how this team is in the right direction. I mean, you know
I would think that my fellow panther fans out there should be starting a little bit of an impatient
They got a lot of good young players, but this business with the youngsters in the organization
We've been hearing that for about a hundred years already and missing the playoffs their 12 points out of it right now
And it'll be probably worse at the end of the season in the next few days. I mean, what are we talking about?
What's the point?
Never less. He says whoever this is
As for the asshole who wants a fun pool. How about what is your favorite month of the year?
And then he lists them all there. There you go. What did he list them? We could take calls
Yeah, what's your favorite is this idiot fax me this crap again here this other guy. Oh
Jesus god
He goes on to say it sure seems when I listen to the Mosho that gildy's getting kind of a sick of the pistol
He's a maybe that's why he smelled so bad this morning. I'm seriously he smelled like he had
dumped himself
His tone seems to be like get me out of here as quickly as possible. Is this just my imagination?
No, or do you think there may be some truth to that? Uh-huh
As you mentioned many times they hear players thanking God for the great game they played
I'm happy that God was in Ohio State fan
But I wonder when there were days like yesterday with a bunch of games going on baseball basketball and hockey how God can pull all that off
Ha he works in mysterious ways. He's everywhere. Don't you know a lot of TV?
He is everywhere. That's right. He's got more TVs than normal can't then rumor
In closing which beach are you giving free tickets to?
Yeah, let's get free tickets to the new beach in adania
What about the new hellendale beaches that still air all their old perverts are up in the woods with their binoculars
Yeah, is that they still doing that? Yeah, that's in date south of hellendale
It starts with an h so I can see how you'd confuse it. Did I say hellendale? Yeah, I'm at a hell over
Right, it's basically open all blends together plus I'm old. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon
Wireless line. Let's get these phones going here, baby
We're smoking on this end today. We're absolutely smoking a big fat one and you people are
Look at that. Yeah, please
Very very sad. How does it just cannot keep it up? I used to it doesn't make it any better. No, you know that yeah
Expecting it yes, but not being depressed look at that one line bringing on a phone with a QIM I see our cool. There you go. That's him again
That's him again. That's it. That's our call
He's a never die die hard
Meaning what if there's one line ringing? Oh, it's him. That's right. Then that's quite a commentary too
Okay, and that's why assholes like him get an over and over again because even on this high price show where we're
Disposed trying to give an alternative to the same old right wing bull crap over and over again and they still won't call they still got nothing to say
This is the place that will give you nothing they give you nothing in return
No matter how difficult you stand on your head and they give you nothing in return they give you good zets
Red and you old back them
Have a QIM
Hey, yeah, sir. Hey great up the fun stuff one
That's what it's called the man. It's the fun stuff. Yeah, how do you know that? It's on one of your discs or something
All right the fun stuff. Yeah, there's no such drop-in
We have one where he says Howard David's a bitch. You have that one get out of here
What are you looking for the drop? It's not called the fun stuff. What is it called? I don't know
I know what you're talking about I know the
Teets and we don't need that
Well, it's another one. He's requesting drop-ins. Yeah, that's the material we got from the audience
Can we please hear Howard David's a bitch again? The old Howard David's a bitch. Okay. There you go
There's that one and then you know what they probably also want to hear and see if it's today. How about the bleep? There you go
Good god and you're looking for that. I can't find it
Because you're not looking under the right spot. Okay. I know exactly where to fall. Oh, no something just happened on here
Oh, no that purple thing came up again. You're looking for caca poop
Pissin what else what am I missing? No, that's not the one. Yeah
No, I know the fun stuff. I know exactly what you know you got me into this lame George on this. Okay. Just a minute here it is
Oh, yeah, we're brewing. We you know, we used to talk about pixie. We talk about stock now
You know you just get old artsy fartsy and it's no fun anymore
It's true. We used to talk about good bodies and big tics and you know the fun stuff. Yeah, there you go
See he is the fun stuff and you're you're in there looking and looking
I know the fun stuff when I see it. Okay, mister. You just know don't don't get it all pita
10 past 11. What do you and boy? I was quite a visit. I had a great visit with
Modus morning Greg Reid my close personal buddy came in here today. Oh
Most of the straight in the eye. No seriously. He's actually I got look. I try to be fair. Okay. Most of the time he's disappointing
That's an understatement most of the time he lets us down and again
Some of that in all fairness is not him. It's his partners the bees
You know the living in the treehouse crowd over there in Naples corporate but
In this particular case we have to give him a high mark
So I'm not sure it's gonna happen again anytime soon. We give him a high marks
Which means maybe he's hanging around and healing a lot in the building
Jack Cuban airliner headed to Florida. All right. Hey, too. Well congratulations get alive
Hi, I'm Joe. Where am I? I do that all the time. I'm Evan. I used to have my own show
Maybe you've seen it once or two times
Joe millionaire was its name oh and I thought it was time I gave you a update on what I was doing
So here he goes
Actually not a whole lot people keep asking if me and Zanga is still in my life or or zippy or
Or Zorro I remember the actual name of it, but it starts with a Z
Know is the answer she wants to drink wine have conversations and basically explore our feelings for each other
And I want to explore the hudas girl I met last night
So we've decided to just be friends who don't even speak to each other too much a lot
I'm doing some public appearances to the tune of 15 grand of pop
Which I basically do nothing
Tonight I got some women's book club meeting they'll pass those taxes in which I sit in a chair like at the Palmestore
Santa and the overweight brainiac who will me up and stay stuff like
oh
I could do it to them and and can I not you chest turn to a sweater?
I generally say no to that unless they pony up another five grand. Oh check out my website
Get Joe for toe
Dot com
Please okay, let me 14 at 560 WQM hijack Cuban headliner headliner
Headed to Florida the am I as a matter of fact they're just showing them I'm international just showing like an empty a runway there
Out in the middle of nowhere
Aren't you excited? Oh thrilled come go right now to greet him
Tom has an interesting facts here and says
If Bush is so religious why does he favor the big corporations and the rich while surrounding himself with corporate
Multimillionaires is this what Jesus would do as time shut up
Oh Jesus must have been a pretty good businessman look at the gigantic corporation. He's invented
Roof or his disciples invent excuse me
A war of words over setting pornography to the troops says this uh, I don't I want to read all this stuff
I don't want to do it. You know what I mean? I'm burned out for a day. I don't want to read all this important story
It is we love our troops
They're good enough to die for us, but they can't have any naked pictures before they die because we're Christians that's for damn sure
Yeah
Try to pollute the mines and the hearts of our service people overseas the same owners that are in favor of the war
Are opposed to them getting playboy. Yeah. Well, that's because the right wingers are running out
They don't want to lose their copy
408 votes on a poll today on neo-rodgers.com. We're having a pretty interesting day today. It's kind of a little disjointed
You hear this joint to me and you have your own joint over there. Thanks everybody's smoking in a building. They buy a word
Fat Greg was in here passing out big fat ones to everybody. I didn't get mine. Well except you. He hates you
408 votes. How does religion
Permit the carnage of the war in Iraq and even if you're in favor of the war if you're gungho
You must admit that there's plenty of human carnage already in the war's only a few days old and there's gonna be a lot more
Hopefully not, but that just isn't realistic
Religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem
217 very perspicacious people see that just like they saw 9 11 and all these fanatical
Muslims and fanatical Christians and fanatical everybody because fanatical speaks for itself
Because they got the answers and they're gonna make this an offer we can't refuse
Isn't that what the Sodom Hussein said and probably I think that's what bush said if we actually find the Sodom can't find it
Huh? Oh under the godfather. Yeah, I can't find it. Oh here. That's what we're gonna do. W is gonna go over there
I want to make them an offer to go with you. There you go. I wasn't even worth it
Uh, even the Lord loves neo-rodgers 63 votes. I don't think I did this right. God doesn't care. He's busy with ballgame 78
Even the Lord loves neo-rodgers 63
It doesn't the 10 commandments say they'll shout not kill 27
It's self-defense God will allow it 15 and God wants us to kill the enemies eight
So the God squad ain't doing too good on our poll today even with the creeping and Jeepers creepers. It's mr
Freeper how come they're not voting for that they have read their bible you think
I know maybe they're too old and they can't they don't have a computer maybe that's my opinion all of steves 90 plus audience
Hello Steve. I heard Randy Rhodes the other day enjoys Kaufman and they said you're a douchebag
You know that that stuff. Yeah exactly stuff that makes you a tea-thick like hearing people talk about sports on a radio hours a day
Oh, good to make you know I'm educated to that
Do you think we don't have two of them in the same marketplace that would be in salad be bad
W Q a m
I beg your pardon. Yes, sir. Speaking
Hey, bad boy. No, how do I know it the moment I heard that's because he had his boyfriend in the back gay WQ a
Yeah, I'm gonna talk to me. Oh, please speaking
me no
I'm one of those 95% you talk about that I listened to you for 10 years and never called yes, sir
Yeah, I'm eight percent
Well whatever the figure was I wanted to call you five years ago when you were a resident against
Wayne Heisenga. Yeah, the worst
corporate entity ever
But now I have another question for you. Oh, I didn't know there was the first question go ahead
um
Yeah
um
How many tens do you think Saddam Hussein would kill if you had a chance to opportunity a nuclear bomb whatever
I mean, how many you think he'd kill if you had a chance how many Christians you think he would kill I mean Americans do you think he'd tell a
So so so what does that mean?
Well, some some time maybe we got a straw line. What do you want what are you whining about?
Well, I'm sorry that come across as whining like the first president bush you're whining
Well
All right, well, let me ask you this how many Americans you think Stalin would have killed
You yeah, did he yeah
Sir, let me ask you again, sir. Let me say this to you. Okay, Joseph Stalin killed millions and millions of his own people, okay
Ha 16 whatever the hell number was. I mean, I'm not counting at this point the fact of the matter is that he killed any Americans
Didn't he have weapons of mass destruction?
Didn't he have biological weapons? Didn't he have every kind of weapon ever invented sir?
I'm not talking
Okay, good what kind of a call is that
Is that for serious or is he joking should have stuck with his instincts? Oh my god stick with a 95% pal
God, I don't mind listening to anybody, but when you start whining like that had to be a joke
How many peppers could Peter Piper peck don't start with that pecker stuff again, okay? What that was wrong with you
By the way fat boy what did he want? I
I tried to um help him by not passing along his
crap what was it was certainly better not have been about food
No, I see and I can tell because you already listen to this
I want the audience to listen very carefully. This is the most important thing you'll hear all day except when Duff came in here and said
In the background
Although thankfully the mic was off you're okay, my Duff. I think the microphone was awful check the tape because if anybody hears that word
It was Duff Lindsay
But anyway, it has to do with food the reason I know that is because already you have asked me don't even ask
Okay, don't ask and I won't tell got it
Didn't I say very clearly while I'm here for these couple of weeks or three? How far I can stand it
I'm not gonna be eating food when I'm in Toronto do you hear me eating on the air and the reason you don't hear me eating on the air is because I am not
I think you're in a half I've been doing shows up there on and off
I've had like two pieces of cheese combined the whole time I've been up there a raw weeny and one raw weeny
That's right the crystal near business. Yeah, but and that's it. Yeah, and you're in a half
I come back here. I just had a sir. You see I'm gonna tell you something
I cannot stand most fat people I'll make exceptions because like fat rich is a good friend of mine and Zack's a good guy here
We have anybody all in the beast that I don't I'm not he's now seriously. I'm like
Uh
Men's amends with him you know what I mean no yeah come see come saw
I can take him or leave him
But most fat people aren't satisfied just to be fat their food pushers
How long are we talked about that on this guy damn show and it's so frustrating to me
It's so freaking frustrating to me that we've got people like that
This is a man who's wobbling around his place on a walker
Whose hip is given out whose whole body is given up because he weighs 50,000 pounds. He's a fat tub of crap
When power 96 used to give away candy in promotional stuff they were doing he would break into the goddamn promotions
Department and steal the candy and shovel it down his push
Now I will grant you that I've all been eating disorders. I know as well as anybody else what they are but
It's not important that you succeed and stay alive. It's important that other fat people fail
Well, he wants to take as many people with him as right well. I'm not going with the fat boy
Stay the hell away from me. PD Lenny's gone
That's one god. Thank god for that. No wonder I mean he's noticed what a good mood I'm in today
Bonded with Moe Greg came in with a big smile on his push. We had a wonderful exchange here
Talked about his that call we had yesterday. Was he found I guess I'm gonna be using
By the way, do you know he's oh no?
Why does he think nobody knows that? I mean, I guess he doesn't really care
But I mean, why does he think we don't know that? I mean, I'm never even here. I still know that
You know PD Lenny calls me up, but I mean, but he's gonna be all the information because he's a yenta
He's poison PD Lenny. We don't need a yenta like that in here. He's a he's a mole and a troll
He is
With a big pie hole, but she can't shut a mole and a troll and a big pie hole
But anyway with no soul
Like the son of West Virginia to dig some coal
Anyway, what was that saying about Greg? No, it was about high point about fat boy
I'm not putting up with your craft anymore. I don't want any goddamn food in here while I'm here
This isn't Nelly's restaurant. It's a radio studio. So at least
It's studio-ish
Yeah, it's a radio-ish
This isn't the place I realize a lot of other people get ready to eat lunch right now
Not me. I can wait till one thirty when I get home. I can wait
I got my black sack from balance for life
I got some beautiful stuff and air laid out in fact you know
I'm gonna have one I get home a bokeh burger. Hey, yeah with nice slice of onion tomato made out of people
Yeah, it's made out of people and what's wrong with eating people for lunch?
You eat the butt eat the whole damn thing. Yeah, I don't start with him. Okay. He'd uh. Yeah. Sorry
I was wrong with you. Good old days. Trying to remember when he used to be our friend. Are you sure?
Well, he never was our friend. We found that out
And then of course you see you see how people show their true colors the way he turned off
All I did is make one very light criticism
I said I didn't like his syndicated show as much as when he was on we working with him on iod right away
Turned on me like a rat. I can't deal with that. I can't deal with people like if you don't suck up to them every man
Like like the goddess. Yeah. Oh, well, he didn't support me on that one thing that one time
Whatever the hell it was that iod. I stood up for that bitch. I mean for her every minute of the way
Okay, even when she was bombing dying in the afternoon
dying a wicked death and I still stood up for her
But because I didn't stand up for something she said or whatever. Oh right away. I let her down. I can't deal with people like that. Okay
I'll stand up for you when I think you're right and when you're full of crap
I'll say hey, guess what? I think this time they may be full of crap or maybe I just won't say anything
How dare you yeah
So as far as our good close former friend uh, are you yeah pissed off and disgusted with your whole ambiance with your whole thing
Just what they need is another large ass junior
Just what they need very disartony. It's it's tragic
Howard Stern Phil Henry the voices of reason the voices of amusement the voices with balls
It's interesting now how all of a sudden Greg's got the balls and they lost theirs
Maybe he stole their balls all the pendulum swings
Hey, well, that's right the sack swing right under your peda uh, huh
God
What am I getting all well and I'm not reading this guy's back
Tim in primitive finds I can't deal with you you're an idiot
Go away don't fax me ever again
The Dutch connection says French guys are beating everyone doing
167 times a year. Oh, this is in Dutch. I guess about how many times you have sex per year
I can't because it shows condoms and you know the Dutch it's all yeah, let me tell you something about the Dutch. They're not sexy people
Sexy as in wanting it or getting no, no either one. Oh, they're not like what I would call no
It's like when you go to Amsterdam and forget about the Dutch which will be easy to do
It's the people who visit there to reach those who come from all over the world to cut loose and have a great time and wild and they're great
But as far as the Dutch are concerned they're about as sexually as exciting as a uh, uh, Josh Friedman
So let's see France
167 times a year they're screwing needle on see what I mean Netherlands 158
Denmark 152 Canada 150 a lot of sex in Canada baby. Oh, there that many straight people
150 high-heavens in Germany great Britain 149
Deutschland 147
Of course in Deutschland they make them an offer you understand the this couple keeps track of everyone
Djugas Lavi 147 which don't even exist anymore South Africa 146 Austria, Ustenreich
144 and norwegian norway 144 where's uh like I don't see the USA on the USA or or regions like
Miramar
Halondale with oh
Statistically insignificant Halondale and Hollywood especially in your house
27 past 11 by the way George would like some pictures of some hot naked babes
That's what we ought to resurrect. I like that thing. That was funny. It was a
It was a good moment. We did have the one really
Pretty good looking young couple on here and they one hands down. We gave them a nice prize
It was an impromptu the prizes just had a materialized. I didn't know what to do
I think we have a great embrace then mark and I may be happy because that'll be more fun
He wants some funny. This one here all this war stuff
Does one here all these retired kernels in general not going to get any additional support?
Right. By the way, the Brits are taking a whipping in buster. They're a lot of casualties. Oh really?
Unfortunately, I had no idea. Yeah
Have a number
I don't have a number and even if we did have a number we know the numbers aren't accurate anyway
Oh god
I don't know how many Brits have died. Maybe I'll give you a just make it up
28 past 11 at 560 wqa.m. Do you have two thousand dollars or more on a credit card if so listen
Dedicated consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you nothing
That's right. It'll cost you zero
Dedicated is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you owe money to and they'll cut your payments in half
Call 1 800 for no debt. That's the number one 800 the number four. Let me say it again
1 800 the number four and letters n o d e b t
Dedicated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit. It'll cost you nothing
The bank pays dedicated you pay nothing so if you're tired of battling credit card debt call dedicated at 1 800
4 no debt call and find out how dedicated can help you you got nothing loose
But all of that grief if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees call dedicated consumer counseling
They be handling it right from there call right now
1 800 for no debt and don't forget it costs you nothing
My life and love
This is 420 560
Way to A
Hey
Oh
Virgin Mary
Virgin Mary
Now the post depends on you
And the powers you possess
Since you saved his life with your flight
Siser-dice he died a job for your tattoo
Yeah
Virgin Mary
Virgin Mary
You have a brand new style too
We love the way you've got your doom
With the make the under chest and full presumes I trust
So depending on your own friends
Virgin Mary
Virgin Mary
Who's with the speed of bug the sound
Sector that dies straight to hell
When the building starts to go
We go even then we know
Your crushing from it
With both my people
Oh
Oh
Oh
Virgin
Virgin
Here's a message for Jeff. Hi
Hi, a pally
Don't ever come in here again when I'm in this room
Don't ever come in here again. I'm serious. He just makes me
He makes my skin crawl
Here is a man who can barely function as a human being
And trying to spread his fats to everybody else
The date of my stroke was February the 10th
Mark it down on your own tattoo on his ass
Right large letters
I have plenty of room
February 10th. Today is April 1st. No fooling
Okay
So it's like a month and a half later
And this man is trying to force feed me crap
For his own fun and profit
Of course he what he's going to like grab on to some of it
Naturally
Probably most of it
And then we'll give a bunch of plugs
First of all, and either one of the places he's trying to bring food in here
From our honest advertising on the show
Right
Am I right about that? Yeah, at the moment
Correct. As a matter of fact, one of them I don't think ever did
Right
So what's the point?
What is the point?
Free food that I have to do him a favor to make myself sick
To make Jeff high happy about his neurosis with fat
You're a sick, disgusting fat tub of crap
Okay fat boy
And it's too bad the sabers didn't fold up just to spite you all the way
Do like Rick Generad
And Jim Lorentz
You make me sick fat boy
You make me nauseous okay
Don't ever come near this studio okay
You make Josh Friedman look like Robbie Benson
You make a Julio look just like bad pit
That's right
You make the beast look just like Tom Brady
So don't you dare bring your fat tub of waddling crap anywhere near my studio
Ever again you sack a crap you
You big fat disgusting smelly turd burger you
Don't hold back what do you try to say?
I hate his guts
And boy that's a lot of hate to spread around
That's about 500 pounds worth I hate
And I don't hate much even moan I bonded briefly this morning
That's right
Anyway the reason I played virgin man I got a little side track on that tub of turd
A controversial new Vatican glossary of sexual term says
Homosexuals are not normal in the countries which allow gay marriages are inhabited by people
Which profoundly with profoundly disordered minds according to the Vatican cities new sex glossary
Italy's gay community immediately condemned the glossary of nearly 900 pages which hit the bookstores yesterday
It's part of what they call a new anti homosexual crusade
The glossary prepared by the Vatican's pontifical council for the family covers themes such as
Sexuality condoms abortion birth control and genetic manipulation
Thank God there ain't any other other kind of manipulation cover
There's no fact in the church
A section on homosexuality in homophobia says homosexuality stems from an unresolved psychological conflict
Like fat people trying to force feed you food I think maybe they got a point
Fat boy
It says those who want to give homosexuals the same legal rights in society
Then I a psychological problem which makes homosexuality against the social fabric
And you talk about the pot calling the kettle pink man
The Vatican the Catholic church with their swish guard
Which is just overrun by nothing but a bunch of pansies
This is just unbelievable and for the guy to call before I do separate the pedophiles the child molesters
From the other priest who happen to be gay but aren't child molesters
necessarily necessarily but the necessarily so
But talk about an institution that's just run and overrun with the fags man the Catholic church
And here they are again pointed at hypocrites the biggest hypocrites in the world
Well it's part of the scam
And then again for the Pope to be talking about the killing in Iraq
One institution what religious institution is killed more innocent people than all the others put together
Could be the Catholic church could it
Oh millions during the crusades in the Inquisition
Millions millions
That's right
Good golly miss Molly I'll find it this time
And of course how did they convert all those people?
I want to make them an Alfred Gowdy
There you go that's right that was the first bunch of Catholics who used that line before Marlon Brando
I want to make them an Alfred Gowdy
Okay go have some lunch Marlon, it's too late for you anyway
In fact why don't we send Fat boy off to Marlon Brando's joint
Huh?
Can't hurt at this point and they can borrow
They can both do that fatso routine together you know what the feeding friends eat together
The two of them
They can have an orange
I like lunch and cook them
Yeah I like lunch and cook them too okay
Oh my god what a pleasure it is to be back here in South Florida
Not
Fine am I getting a little worked up here today?
No it's great because I'm starting to feel a little bit better right now
I'm starting to get my life back
Had that great bonding with Mo and Greg all in one day
Didn't eat no crap
Sorry by the way Greg I didn't mean to put you in the same category with Mo
Here's a call on line 9 WQAM not there
What a shame now I'd have been important I'd have been from Axtabula
I might have been from Solano Ohio
Home of Jim Mad Dog Manage
I might have been from Finley Ohio
Home of Joe Marsh Jr
What are you laughing about?
Nothing I'm gonna get that sight open up again
Joe Marsh Jr
Yeah
Might have been from Ashua Ontario
Or Mrs. Saga Ontario Home of Don Sherry
Might have been from Kingston Ontario Home of Doug Gilmore
I can't come on let's go
Here is WQAM
Neil yes sir
That's a couple of operations at the bottom of the game last night
There's a pretty good crowd
You know why? You're giving away a free hot dog
That's what I've been saying all morning
Unbelievable right
It was the lines of the snack bar were around the blocks
Right
They were on a pack that you went every day
Free bobble head dolls, free caps
And they can just give a bunch of crap away free to have thousands in every game
And no one was there
But they have a new thing
The waterless urinal
The waterless urinal
Big news I understand
Everybody's talking about it in the building
What is it?
The urinal with no water
Just going there
And when they're leaking do not step near them
It was not water
They were leaking in the last night
It was gross
But you have to go to the bathroom there's no water, you just pee in it
And I guess air and gravity takes it away
So there's no water running in the urinal
Uh-huh
It's pretty gross
Oh great
Good luck guys, just wear our swissers in there
Okay
It was the talk of the town
Was the waterless urinal
Maybe that's why they called it PP Park
Front page news, yeah
Maybe they can change the name to
Park taking a leak next to Gary Sarner
He was all talking about it
Big news
But you mean here?
Yeah, in our regular units
Oh Gary Sarner, you know he's a real jocsner for he's another one of those
He's another one of that crowd
The sports mafia here at QAM
In addition to which beside the fact that he's one of those
He's an asshole
Yeah, besides
Haven't seen him since I've been back and you know what
Thank God
PD Lenny we got rid of
Gary Sarner, he stays in his cubicle back there
It stayed the hell away from me which is fine
If you're getting the feeling that most of the sales people get on my nerves
You're right, no, no, don't miss it
Adam's a good guy, saw him this morning
And we like Adam a lot
Gary has an office
I don't care what he's got an orifice, he's got a big orifice
I'll hear it out, I'm one of those cubicle people
I don't care what he's got, he's part of the inner circle
Uh-huh, that's why he has an office
Right
And once I just started to say there was so much more important
Oh yeah, I'm trying to say Adam we like in sales
Skippy, you know Skippy is a goofball
But he's okay, at least he's not, he's benign
He's not malignant, right?
See what I'm saying?
Raymond's a nice guy but Tommy hates him because he can't write copy
Raymond? Ray?
Who's Ray? I think you've met him one time
That wasn't a guy that came in yesterday, the new guy?
Different uh-
The new guy is a sports, he's the sports sales guy
He's not the one that she just, you know
I forgot his name already
Do I know Raymond?
I think you've met him once, it was a long time ago
Time to tie Drek, see what I'm saying?
Do I ever want to see him again?
No
And it's not me, I'm not just Hank will tell you the same thing
Even Mo is starting to get on their case now
See, in the beginning all the sales people there are the best
You know he was sucking around with that
He's onto them now, right?
He knows what they're all about
And then of course in a category by himself
Hi, Italian!
Right, who's busy talking about the toilet habits
Busy splattering all over the walls in there
And the handycrap compartment
Huh?
Why do you think they call it a handycrap
Oh god, I'm so glad I did not participate in viewing that scene
You're not the your back
It's close to lunchtime
Don't start regaining the audience with tales of fat boys
And his little accident, his meat that door fell over the mind
Oh my god
Whoa
Oh, you gotta play that did again now
What the hell are you doing?
Oh, okay, just calm down
Just try to control yourself, okay?
Hi, Italian!
Get out of here!
You tub a crap, go pedal your free food someplace else
And not only that, but
Hey, all you homeowners out there
There are a few things worse in life than a hot summer day
Which is almost every day lately since it's an early summer here
Then go out in the backyard for a nice refreshing relaxing swim
You look into the pool and guess speaking of crap
That's what it looks like in there, it looks like the end of the world
Maybe it's stained, it's dirty, maybe it's cracking in your pool too
Well don't look at that mess anymore, just say no mo-ugly pool
And call our good close personal friends at Atlantic Marcyte
They're real construction company using full-time employees, not subcontractors
Atlantic Marcyte specializes in the most incredible innovation
They hit the pool business in a hundred years, diamond bright
They've been doing it right pouring it on for over 12 years now
They're licensed, they're insured professionals who do a stupendous job for you
They even train other companies internationally how to determine brighting into it right
And they'll give you the same price they give to the contractors
So it is absolutely unbeatable
They service North Miami, Browden, Palm Beach, counties
So call Atlantic Marcyte to the biggest installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida
They'll care about you and give you a free estimate with absolutely no obligation
And they also do a great job of pool and decorations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic
And erotic water features too
For the best in the universe call Atlantic Marcyte
See we used to like Adam Lactoly came in here
Call Atlantic Marcyte 1-800-558-883
That's 1-800-558-883, diamond bright do it right
Because diamond bright is a pool's best friend
Call them today Atlantic Marcyte
My, I, and locals
This is Force Radio 560
Way to Way
They have a heart or a liver
This is a 560 W-U-A-M, fire alarm
Please exit the building in an orderly fashion
There is no need to panic
Everything is mine
Self-destruct sequence engaged
T minus 10 minutes at Calming 10
Mine
Drown
Woo! I gotta get out of here, Pally!
Hey, how come the elevator won't work?
Because you gotta use the stairs you stupid moron
You're done fat-fasten you
Oh, hiya Howard! The stairs
That's right, Rotundle
I don't think I can...
How do I wait, that's all?
Alright, so I have to go
One step at a time
No, no, no!
I will...
My wheelchair...
Don't move, somebody help me
Hey, how about you, Pally?
You wanna give me a hand?
Of course, I...
Please, I'm sorry, I'm gonna die
Don't be...
I might give me a hand, Pally, come on
I'm not sure
Is there a port with the round?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Maybe I can hide in your pants
You mind me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You can't wait, I know
You can't save me, stop me, I know
You can't eat some of my videos, I'm kinda queer
Hey, sorry
Fine, nice knowing your high boy
Just remember, Gaby, you can't put your arms around the memory
I can't even put my arms around you
Duh!
Oh, no
I think I...
I feel like
The...
I mean, this is part of my...
In a Poseidon adventure
But at least he got to look up
And tell his Steven's story
And shout it like this in a day
The King gave one hell of a laugh dance
Oh, damn
Oh, damn
I made it
All the way down the stairs
Mate, I have your attention
This was a false alarm
And it's been a real fire
We've been spending 30 high boy
And the next thousand tailgate party
Everyone back to your arvests
Everyone back to your arvests
Fuck you, Patti
Hi, Fowie
Love him 46, 14 till noon
And 560 WQYM
Bill Nelson
One of our two Florida Senators
And of course your buddy BDI Bobby
U.S. Senator Bill Nelson accused the Bush administration yesterday
They've intolerance by questioning the patriotism of those who publicly oppose the president's policies on the war or domestic issues
Nice going, Billy!
By the way, is it hot in here? Is it me?
It's boiling in here, let me go
Ah, no, I'll do it right
Right
Oh my God
Feels like they're cranking up the ovens in here if you catch my drift
Speaking of this
There was an attempt to muzzle people who happened to disagree with specific policy, Nelson
Said during a visit with state legislators in Tallahassee
I have refused to be silent. Good for you, Billy!
Oh!
Senator Nelson cited the Pentagon's repeated rebuttals of remarks by the Army Senior Ground Commander in Iraq, Lt. General William Wallace
Wallace said last week that over extended supply lines in a combative adversary
Using unconventional tactics had stalled the U.S. Drive toward Baghdad and increased the likelihood of a longer war
That suggests an attitude problem, Nelson, said
When a soldier makes a statement that is grounded in fact and an attempt has made the muzzle that soldier as if he's not speaking the truth
That is dangerous precedent to set
How do you like that?
Despite national polls indicating strong public support of the president and the war
Nelson's comment, your way determination by the moderate Democrat to take a harder stand against Bush
Especially on military matters
Thank God for everybody named Nelson!
You know what I'm saying?
Right on. I think that's where it's all at. Charles Nelson Riley, man
That's, yeah, while we're going to get rid of him
Where is Nelson?
We're going to deport him
Tamikonos with the Greeks
Lyndon Bokov-Faxes and said good faxes today by the way
And we're interspersing with some call screenless
Not too bad today, although we have another hour and 11 minutes to go, he is
Anyway, Lyndon Bokov-Faxes, well I got to ease back into it, but you know not that I've bonded with Mobri for this morning
Very briefly, don't get panicky
Lyndon Bokov-Faxes, my wife's 13-year-old son told me that he was getting so upset with all the war coverage on TV
It was disturbing him so much he announced he was not going to watch it anymore. Good for him
He just wants to do his normal kid stuff like school, skateboarding and hanging out with his friends. Good
The worrying about the war was too much for him. I thought about what he said and decided to follow it
I don't watch constant TV news coverage. That way, Lyndon
The night vision goggles would be a big hit out of here
I don't quote every word to tale
In the newspaper, talk about it at the dinner table. We are against the war. We support the troops who want them to come home soon
But my son and I will not continue with his constant media barrage to our senses. It isn't healthy. And you're absolutely
Correct, Lyndon Bokov-Faxes.
There's somebody better head on straight and her kid too. Wait till you hear this
From the Australian. Is that that Adam bugging us again?
Oh brother, I just want to make one comment. Okay, he's a pretty good guy but generally speaking
Sales people are iceholes. Yeah
US soldiers in Iraq asked to pray for Bush. Oh my god
Exactly. They may be the ones facing danger on the battlefield
But US soldiers in Iraq are being asked to pray for the president
Thousands of Marines have been given a pamphlet called a Christian's duty
A mini prayer book which includes a tear-out sex to be mailed to the White House
Pledging the soldier who sends it has been praying for Bush
And now I want you to stop and think about this okay because we have Jews in the military
Right. We have atheists, diagnostics, and military have Muslims all of the time
We have your hoavis witnesses. We have Buddhists and the Buddhists
Traditional Native American voodoo
Oh my god
Talk about a Goyeshia takeover
I have committed to pray for you, your family, your staff, and our troops during this time of uncertainty and tumult
May God's peace be your guide since the pledge, according to a journalist embedded with coalition forces
The pamphlet produced by a group called Intouch Ministries
Offers a daily prayer to be made for the US president. They born again Christian
Who likes to invoke his God in speeches
Oh God. Sunday is prayed that the president and his advisors will see God in his wisdom daily and not rely on their own understanding
Mondays prayer reads pray that the president and his advisors will be strong and courageous to do what is right regardless of critics
Every day they got another one of these deals
The pamphlet called a Christian's duty
I want you people to understand what kind of group of people we're talking about running your country now
Okay, don't you understand this, don't you see it? Are you that stupid?
A Christian's duty
What a slap in the face that is to every soldier
All these people are putting their lives online for for these maniacs
And again talking about total insensitivity lack of any kind of conscience whatsoever
Shut up, he the yeah right
Brother, what a disaster
What a mitigated disaster for freedom in this country used to have some freedoms they're going fast
I hear the stories
Yeah, for offensive measures
Now it's pretty offensive to me
God
Almost as offensive as one of our salespeople
I don't want to mention no name
I have how he
488 votes on a poll
How does religion permit the carnage of this war in Iraq
Religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem 253 people say that
51.8%
God doesn't carry his busy with ball games 92 people say that
Maybe his in Vegas would hank
Even the Lord loves Neil Rogers 72 people know that for a fact
It doesn't the 10 commandments say thou shalt not kill 39 people be saying that
It's self-defense so God will allow a 29 and God wants us to kill all our enemies only 12
I guess steepers creepers not too good a job by the creepers
Right or they're in denial like to pretend the Bible doesn't say those I see
About killing your enemies give pretty specific instructions
And make sure you get every last one that just then that you can start with them
Yeah, we don't wish any ill to any of our salespeople but if certain ones happen to stay home for a few months
Hi, I thought we or at least until I get out of town again it will be very very pleasant
The more I think about that it is I know the audience gets upset with me when I dwell on that but it's
It's so unacceptable
It is its behavior that is so outrageous and the fact that this radio station
You know again we don't have any management here we just have a bunch of people wandering around sitting at desks
The fact that they permit this is opposed to saying hey guess what you ask holes here in sales the man just had a stroke come up
And I have a go his biggest problem is fat
Quit trying to force feed him while he's here. Okay. He doesn't want it. You're funny
I'm serious that's the way that is the way a real place of business will operate
I'm making the differentiation. I'm not talking about here
Okay, not a place that's radio wish or businesses issue. What does that have to do with closing and collecting?
I see well first of all
We're not closing and collecting from any of the what do you have to do with sports?
Let me say it again. It has nothing to do with sponsors or money because those people aren't spending a dime on this radio station
Which makes it even more gallbladdering and I don't even have one anymore
You jackass you fat tub of turd man you make me sick
You make me nauseous
You make me want to go on here and do hours and hours about you down to where to go to them treasure island
Trying to get some bitch to touch any party your fat tubby body
Down through the fence, right back when you go
Hopefully without any success
Take your clothes off, you insist
I'm gonna hold you down like a tuna fish
Thinking of a big roll of this fat
You know they buy the smell, which you can't wear it tight
Paint dull
Paint dull
Paint dull
That's a big thing
Girls just depend on the little big fat guys
She know how to make the whole bed dry
That men chase you to the shower now
Who would leave the skin like on the towel
Hands go
Hands go
Hands go
That men get rid of
Hi, how are you?
Oh brother
Here's some great factors
I'll save them to life to the break
I don't want to like law so good factors today
God is here
Audience really comes through big time
And thank God
No God
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I just said it
Neal deal number one
Pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock
Like the 33 mile a gallon of Vi
Price is lowest 13,998
And get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months
That's correct
0% for up to 60 months
Neal deal number two
Sway, Sway, Dose
Choose any new vehicle in stock
Do we?
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
And receive up to a $3,000 rebate
To Steve Goldstein
But you can call me Kelsey
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to
Wait a minute, I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
Die!
We'll meet again
If we don't wind up dead
From the bush cartel
Then left us all this way
We fall then to
Blind as a cold
It was our doom
As the bonds drop
From the stars
Going far away
Maybe we should have taken tension
A little bit more
To the fats we chose to ignore
The price of gas is declined
But I'm afraid that the lime won't be very large
We'll meet again
With a hole
That by the
Civil rights will be restored
One sunny day
We'll meet again
If we don't wind up dead
From the bush cartel
Then left us all this way
We'll meet again
With a hole
That by the
Civil rights will be restored
One sunny day
We'll meet again
If we don't wind up dead
From the bush cartel
I'm getting out
To the walls
A beautiful sized trunk
A beautiful kite
It has just been easy
The one, the big one
How is this creator good guy?
How are the track guy?
Well, he has many
He is cool
But he is back
I see he's a sales guy so I don't you know I don't generalize I deal with people as individuals the good ones the bad ones the evil doors
The real real pains in the ass
Hi, I'm Ali like that
Here's one that says in honor of the pamphlet you talked about a Christian's duty. Could you please play the third phone call?
A Christian's duty. Well, maybe we'll see
We don't want to over we don't want to overwork that
Tured and then one that says in touch ministries is Franklin Graham's organization needs the son of Billy Graham Franklin's been calling the religion of Islam evil
Remember that right after 9-11 he started with all that obnoxious crap and people said oh you doesn't do that
That's an insult all the Muslims all over the world all one billion of them and he said well too bad, okay?
They're much of our business
Shmata hands. He's right of course, but so are all the other ones. Yeah, right
Well, I mean not not necessarily
How Buddhism's kind of benign benign as opposed to malignant I?
Wouldn't say that any religions are Malignant
It's the people who practice them the people who selectively take out the grotesque unacceptable obviously barbaric and
Anti-human things and say oh yeah
Well the Bible says this and the Bible says that those are the people who are evil doors
Like the current crowd that we are that that thing about the troops if that doesn't frost the ass of a lot of people out there
Kind of like you know come see come saw in the middle and take it where these people are coming from a
Christians duty to our troops over there men women and otherwise hey converting to Christianity's for your own good
I see it or don't well guess what W. Cox a hoist okay?
Here's a fact this is hey Neil great. Sure was nice while last it, but looks like democracy is dead
Absolutely
Correct sir, haven't I been saying it a long time?
I've been since they stole the election that was the end of any a glimmer of democracy we used to have I've been seeing calls for censorship
Orston in late 40s and early 50s some people are actually saying they want to bring back Joe McCarthy like it's a good thing
I rather bring back Charlie McCarthy Edgar Bergen and Mortimer snured
What would Jesus do?
It says he spoke out against the religious conservatives and protested frequently against the government
He even participated in civil disobedience when he attacked the money changers in the temple
He overturned their tables and chased them with a horse whip
Another misconception about Christianity is that it is just to kill in the case of punishment of evil one quote of Jesus
Forget about the splinter in your neighbor's eye and look at the beam in your eye
We cannot criticize your act for their brutality when we're responsible for thousands of deaths here from questionable police shootings to selling arms to
Desperate including Sodom all over the world. We have a truckload of four by 12's in our eye
Christ also defended the prostitute about to be stoned by saying judge not less DB judge and those of you without sin cast the first stone
I think that you I should clean up the injustice that is rampant here before we cast our stones in other countries
Maybe I can have a big billboard with the president's support on it saying we got stones or we got stoned
Yeah, he did he did
Let's hope not okay, maybe that's what it's all about
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a smoking Tuesday here
You know that mic in a mark of whatever else they was in Miami. You don't know what you're talking about sweetheart
This show today is on fire. It's flaming light nut. Yeah, the hell's wrong with you mark
Vading forces that is invading Iraq can describe this war you hear those runaway s's on the interpreter there and
They hired toe to the ground. Trust me
WQ I am
That was a Gilbert
There you go Clarence there's Gilbert again
Gilbert Solomon what's that facts number one more time? I got it here. Don't worry
Anybody wants to creep Gilbert who continues calling up scene phone calls on you and this radio station refuses to do anything about it
And our program director comes in here this morning goes
You know like that
305 386 80 40 I want you to start writing it on rest of them walls. I want you to start getting everybody in the world to
To creep the creep
305 386 80 40 for the anxious Gilbert who just
Out of control and this radio station won't do anything about it and the rumors we're hearing around a building is that certain people
Oh, right. I don't want to mention no names have been concerning with this piece of turd
This walking tragic missfit
How do you like that a lot of people because he's retarded?
I don't care. I really don't care
The fact is that what he's doing is unacceptable. Okay, no, it's this radio station. We did have balls
He'd be the first one on the off the airless permanently, okay?
And off the appearance list and like a banished banished for life
Wasn't that spot coming off second?
5 6 7 0 5 come on. Let's get these phones going again
We're smoking on this end and you people out there the same old crap
One out of very four or five calls is the same knit which because the rest of you sitting on your haunches waiting for me to entertain you because the
Price is right and it's for free like the weenies at the ballpark yesterday at P. P. Park
God are you slow? Are you just an impossible you're an impossible bunch?
WQ a.m. Oh, yes, could I speak to Neil please speaking oh, oh, yeah, yes, man. Oh, hello
I'm
In Pompo-no, I'm Canadian I actually spoke to you about two weeks ago, right?
You were talking earlier this morning about
Christians and God and you know concerning the war
Hi, I
Have to be a Canadian Catholic I can I call myself a Canadian right because I'm not don't live in Rome
I'm not a Rome Catholic
but
As far as I'm concerned God doesn't have really a role in this war
God doesn't take in choose who he's going to
You know stand behind is he going to be to the Israelis? Is he going to be for the Palestinians? Is he going to be American?
I think it's fine to
Pray for the safety of people for the Iraqis and for the Americans and you know
I hate to say it but a lot of them don't have a prayer at this point. No true true, but I'm just saying that
I believe in destiny and I think a lot of people
Choose their own destiny and like friends we can play that song you are my destiny by Paul Anker
There's a good Canadian boy
Yeah, you work there. How about your partner? No, but I lived in Detroit right across the river
In addition to which I went to school at Michigan State and of course all of them in West CKL
W. Which used to be such a great station came in the night everywhere. How old you?
60 oh, okay, it's a matter of fact. I got something special for you
Not every show in America could play this for you
How do you like that?
That's a miracle you couldn't have that happen again in a million years
And let me ask you this question seriously because I really enjoy Toronto a lot in Canada in general
Why is it that the religious and then they don't we have some religious nuts up there
But the religious right as it's called in this country seems to have so much less influence
And you don't hear that much about them and they don't bother the government very much there as opposed to here
You're saying the Canadians yeah, I can't it. You don't have that much religious fanaticism as you know you don't know true and
Like my your natious I believe yes, I'm a Catholic and my husband is Catholic
We have three children and one of my daughters is an atheist and so we have some
interesting
Discussions and you know like she says why does God let this happen? I said God doesn't let anything happen
We were we were if you know if you are existing if you do believe in God I said we were born with a free will and
For instance if a child gets killed by a drunk driver that's not God's fault
You know like those people yesterday that without the world on the boat
Well, they made the wrong decision, you know, so it's or the people in that the truck in in Iraq
Right, I mean I do think that was God's doing you know I of course not no, no, that's what I'm saying
And you know something that people who believe that kind of thing. I mean that's really sick
How could you believe in any kind of a powerful God who would in any way shape or form do these things?
But on this by the same token those people for example who survived 9 11 or who survived a plane crash and then they say
Oh, I pray to God the God heard my prayers. What about the other people? No, it's destiny is just it's you know
That's just the way it is it's same with hurricanes tornadoes and all the rest of it that's it's nature and
That's just the way the world is. I mean if God stepped in to stop every horrible thing happening
Nothing would ever go wrong in the world
But when I talk to my daughter I say okay if you don't believe in a God at least what about the forces of good and evil
We have a lot of evil people in the world. We have a lot of good people and
You know the the leaders that we have are making bad judgment
Well, because that's because there are some of the evil doers in this country. Yeah, well, you know, so
I just I can't blame God and I don't think the people should pray to God for
Excellent. I said for the maple leaf fans. We need to pray to God
Holy Skull see you around a okay, thank you. Bye. Bye. Oh, she just a flip when I play that CKW jingle
Music CKW. Oh
Let's see Uncle Nelson. I need some Mickey and Eisner the original places John and North Miami Beach
But these people are sure all over him had a wonderful time here. I know we don't want to overdo it
Well, which one is the original?
Mickey calls Eisner. Yeah, well, they're all called Mickey calls. Let's well. I'll work on it during the break. Okay, I'll
Take an attitude check and see what the ladle Anne says
You know the Lord saved me he answered my prayers
What about all the other people on the plane that died or the people in the car the bus or whatever?
Well, you know, they're bunch of heathens right or he wasn't listening to them. Maybe he's maybe he's got a hearing problem. It was their time
Oh
I just I can't deal with it. That's why and it's not only in Canada where you don't get hardly any of that
But any anyplace else you go. This is why people these parochial American people who never travel they don't get it
Do you realize that only 20% of Americans have passports?
20%
So what do you want to do?
In other words 80% of the people have never had a chance to travel to other countries and see what the world is really all about
Haven to Canada and but listen, you know what I'm talking about
That's just an Amsterdam where all the heathens are but all over Scandinavia all over Germany France Italy
Especially Italy where you're expected to be like that. It's just the opposite. They're on to that silly old crap
They're out of that scam. Well, they've had thousands if the Pope says far they they do it in his face, you know
I'm telling you and does he sniff it he enjoys it
He said wow that's a gas
12 minutes after noon at 5.60 Q.A.M. It's a gas. All right. This whole world is a gas
Well, there's Andrew Mitchell
We are here who just happens to be married to Alan Greenspan by the way getting it
They're really not sure whether or not he's alive
There we go again as he dead or alive is it real or is it memory?
It's every day
Iraqi TV is showing more meetings with the Sodom and out the both sons and and well
We're not sure if he's dead or alive. He's taped pre taped. Yeah, they pre taped it like 75 years ago
In fact, you know something maybe all of this footage that we're seeing maybe that was pre taped
Just like the landing on the moon. I was taking the desert
That's not a balance see what he says
I'll tell you what I say about losing weight do what the beast is doing and a lot of other people who are certainly doing better than he is because he's
He's a f-off is what he is he really is he's just a puss
But a lot of other people are having great success with balance for life
You want to know why because it makes dieting simple and enjoyable both of these things the simple part being because you don't have to count calories
And carbs and you don't have to go shopping and clean up a mess simple and as far as enjoyable because the food is fresh and delicious
He was only the best ingredients they give you a lot of neat things to choose from for every meal
In fact, you have two choices for each meal every day that you run a program and they deliver all the food right to your door in your little black
Sack every morning six in the morning and your stuff is right there at your home work whatever
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks plenty of food to keep you really full as the Chinese say
Gazette and Povic all throughout the entire day nothing frozen no artificial ingredients no preservatives no crap
Just fresh delicious really enjoyable food and the way just pours off your body because it's all like I said Taylor
According to the zone diet principles know the principle he's losing weight too
Call balance for life today and start losing weight the easy delicious way and you'll look better than the beast
It's first mouthful of food you put in your push you look better than him call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 2 9
9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 2 9 get your health back and start feeling great again with balance for life
Check them out of the web if you like it balance for life.com
We're supporting you 5 16
You a yeah
Third Eisner mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir. We're just scouting locations
Jesus
Unscouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square point out I can speak
I
Don't win a remus get that blue bird out of here
Eisner, but sir look what we don't admit down man had 40 second Street is incredible
I know what publicly I support at that, but you took all the point away. You're telling me I'm going through gavoscow
I'm like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down
Listen to me but much don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with lead low in stage
128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin my whole network. What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
Remus
Blue bird crap all over your shoulder
When you're so up for heaven sake
And
God sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God you're still running James Bob movies. They're 60 years old
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it? Please don't I make a couple of damn dollars?
Well the movie division's fine
You mentioned we were in fidget now we have the new M night shummel on movie coming out later this summer
I know signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign you gotta
Swing in some of these titles cast me
Please
Remus
Remus
I know you can't hear me
All right
Yes, sir, I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you?
What do you mean?
I put hand stone in your job
But sir you're terrible. I'm sorry. Maybe I put Remus in there. I don't like it. They president of Disney Remus
What a wonderful day
I hear you nothing
So 18 at 560 double-check we needed that you know that was great
Thanks for requesting that by the way you silly person
Couple of facts is all in the Lynn Samuels emails me to check this out
How did I miss this in the Sun sent a woman accused of having sex with boy 14 a
32-year-old mother of three's been charged with sexual assault because of relationship she had with a 14-year-old boy
She met while eating a church youth group in East Hartford connecticut
Frish in the heart now five months pregnant with a child she said was spotted by the boy was charged in court
Yesterday would second-degree sexual assault and risk of injury to a minor
I did not assault him the heart said yesterday after she returned to her East Hartford home after weekend and jail
He's my very good friend. He told me he wants to marry me next year
Ah the boy will turn 16 later this year old enough to marry with his parents consent
But his parents were the ones who alerted authorities about the relationship late last year
It started when the family began going to the hearts home to attend East Hartford mission a community church
The heart said she started
According to investigators the 14-year-old boy was in the youth group led by the heart that included overnight trips
Her version of the boys involved in the group was that he was her assistant someone she considered a colleague
He wasn't my student. She insisted he was her colleague kind of like Adam Kirschner was Brian Andrew's colleague
He wished at iod. Yeah, he was trying real hard little Brian Andrews
Tippy-toe on his way through the tulips
Court documents detailed a November sexual encounter in her home at 49 Millbrook drive
She said she was distraught over the death of her brother in Jamaica and the boy by then 15 had come over to visit
He was comforting me the heart said it wasn't unnatural for him to reach out to me like that
But the relationship began before then shortly before his 15th birthday corner polis the heart took him to Florida with her in East Hartford police
And she had sex with him there
His parents in Bloomfield didn't know he'd gone with her until he was reported missing from high school
Which he began attending a month before his parents called Bloomfield police and investigation was begun and on and on a coast
The heart says she hasn't broken the law wasn't a crime. She explained that a romance
It's more like Romeo and Juliet. She said two people who can't be together because of how of house society views them
Yeah, I was like Pat smart don't it sure does Pam smart whatever her name was
Pam not so smart
Here's a fact from John boat George in Miami Beach who says
My mother escaped from a train to Siberia when she was 14 years old my father was given a small bag of coins and escaped
Pull into Switzerland on Christmas night
1939 when he was 15 he escaped on skis
You'll find no one who supports a strong defense and respects the great sacrifices of our
Professional military more than I do our first obligation of those troops is not to commit them to a conflict without solutions
What happened the exit strategy that Colin Powell defined as a key in any war plan if we do go to war
It's our obligation to occupy and defend the civilian population under the Geneva Accords
Clearly we needed at least as many troops as the previous were impossibly more to be an army of occupation
The Israelis have made bombing snipers in general to send a part of their lives
Get ready America because what we are doing is heading diving headlong into an abyss
Creating even greater terrorist threats and we already have
Shock and all falls into the same categories letting the Chinese deal some of our most sensitive technology
And not just during the plane moments after landing
It flows with the decision to allow friendly ballistic missiles to be delivered to Yemen from a North Korean power chip
We should have sank the ship and blamed it on Iraqi mines
Maybe the administration is keeping the missiles as an insurance a case. They don't find any WMDs in Iraq
I grew up in Missouri and they chose a dead man over Ashcroff for the Senate now this holy roller is covered statues of justice with dresses
Because he's offended by seeing nipples on statues
This is the chief law enforcement officer of the U.S
Certainly, he's got more important things to do
So now we get to watch Tom Rid speaking with that spooky 30 foot image of Misi rains over the most powerful civilian organization in the world
Secret courts detention without legal representation
What scares me is that we must also sacrifice our constitutional rights to question the need for war
It is the duty of the Congress to declare war
They circumvented the issue by issuing a blank check to conduct war preemptively just like Hitler's invasion of Czechoslovakia
So now we find an unseen enemy in a secret war sounds like George or well the Misi's John Boat George and Miami Beach keep up the good work Neil
like that
If the people out there could just separate in their minds we support the troops all of us
Do we support the war and I'll tell you one exception that asshole professor a kilometer
Do you read about him? No, you didn't read about that was one the right? No that idiot who said that he wished that
The citizens more troops would die and it would just you know that this is what we should have happen in order to
Show the people of our way. Oh
Lunatic although
Although he must not be the only one has that in mind
Reuters in the Washington Post today
Yesterday
The U.S. is prepared to pay a very high price in terms of casualties to capture bag
Then an aust Saddam Hussein a senior official the U.S. Central Command said yesterday
We're prepared to pay a very high price because we're not going to do anything other than ensure that this regime goes away
The official told reporters adding that U.S. casualties in the 12th they old war so far had been fairly light
Fairly light all the news of those that mean they've been lightly killed also fairly light
If that means there'll be a lot of casualties then there will be a lot of casualties
And the official is spoke on condition that he not be named you want me to read that sentence against and talk was just banging you
If that means that there'll be a lot of casualties then there will be a lot of casualties you said
Referring on that referring tonight's in WW2 when we lose a thousand people he added there will come a time
Maybe when things are going to be much more shocking
The official addressing reports at the central commands forward headquarters and gutters said the net
Result of reporting by correspondence with the invasion force with creating a false impression of constant for OSHA's battle
Such reports he said created the impression of a much more difficult campaign than it was
That's not what's going on out there he added its military action at places primarily of our time in choosing
But once again
If it means there will be a lot of casualties then there will be a lot of casualties he said
And how many members of the administration have children out there oh the big O
56705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T line wqa m
Neil yes sir I wonder if you could do a three-play for me. I beg your pardon the old lady's
No, no, we're not doing requests today sir. We're trying to do a radio show. Okay cut the crap
Must be to play some old lady. Okay. How about
Yeah, her she's an old lady
Look like one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marl
We have open lines doing screenless, huh? And then embarrassing
Typical typical and embarrassing humiliating degrading
Degrading what this town gives back not just to me but to anybody that's why this town's in the shape that it's in
You got a bunch of an animal people down around Saturday running around with your big signs. Viva Bush Viva Bush
Bum about all this other bull crap
People are manipulated as easily as a bunch of sheep like the flamingos at higherly when they start blowing a whistle. They still do that
I don't know well when it's feeding time they do I say
They give me like a little a little a little whistle
WQ I am
Q I am hello
My mom is it man. Good go scratch him
If I get together with Greg he's got some too
WQ I am
WQ I am
K.O. Yes sir
I don't know if you talked about already but about the
Report that like fire from NBC for
Oh President Likens got a bad headache too. We talked about the reporter about Peter Rennett. Oh
My teeth are starting to ache again
Do you know that what that were?
That President Lincoln enjoyed the play
Well up until that point up until that moment that finale goes to show you nothing's perfect
27 past noon at 560 WQ I am
If you find yourself in a really dead end job working for a puts making peanuts
Then get yourself a real career and the way to do that is get trained at fast train
Call them toll free one 866 fast train get started in a new high-paying computer job
Don't be like a lemon like a Troya Todd Dreck whatever the hell his name is sorry Troye Todd Dreck
No excuse anymore to wait because here's the opportunity you've been waiting for fast train to place where you can get trained for the high
Payed computer job call one 866 fast train the offer convenient day evening weekend classes
Check fast train on the web if you're like a fast train.com and get out of your dead end job could working for nothing
Fast train tells you that computer professionals are on higher demand than ever before and they're right
And no matter where you live, there's about to be a fast train your use
So it's easy to get there and easy to get your training fast trains got locations in Miami
Kendall Pembroke pies in Fort Lauderdale
And you can register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker
To and our friends at fast train by the way in all the years that you've been on with us
I just want to tell you this particular piece of copy from Todd Rick is the all-time worst. He is an absolute
He makes fat boys seem like
The good humor man call fast train today. Get you a big fat paycheck and a real career call one
866 fast train and when you call please make it a point to tell him that Todd
Dreck with the capital D RECK Todd Dreck told you to call
The balls knows the balls
You asshole
Oh
Oh
Oh
Ha  jizl h e da
I just need to be here, respect him, respect him, respect him.
The other boss.
Very good.
We'll make it in your...
You might mention my name to Wright's Master Gary.
Okay.
Not great.
You always stand not stuck with the crack of everyone.
Top 3-1 at 5-60, WQM The Mad Dog, The Angry Pussy. He'll be along at 1 o'clock.
Hank Holbert from Vegas to 7, on 3-6-30. The Chicago Panther Previous 6-30 to 7.
The Panthers at the Caps in Washington, a very big game for the Caps, meaningless for the Panthers.
At 7 o'clock tonight with Jugs and Randy.
After the hockey game, you got the 80k show, gambling GA or 80k.
And 10th, what is it?
2-6 in the morning, Joanne Marks.
So you were about to tell me earlier when I just took that long breakfast part.
You were, I heard, was that they were again the war before the war, but now that it started, they're all...
Dunghho.
Why is that?
It's the rumor that I heard that.
So not that it's a joke.
It didn't make any sense before it started and it was unacceptable and there was no justification for it.
Once it started, we might as well sell out as the term that comes to mind.
And sell out. When did that sell out?
I haven't heard that from them.
You know something, let me say it again.
I have never in my life seen such a country of weak sisters, of lemmings of people.
And I'm so embarrassed for the people in this business.
Of course I'm always embarrassed, but more so than usual.
For the people in the so-called broadcasting business.
That everybody immediately has to cave in and go step into line.
It's just pathetic, tragic.
Now here's a fact that says, from Kenneth from Orlando.
Hi, Neil and George.
I'm factoring you from Orlando. I moved here last year and I love it hardly any Cubans.
George, yeah.
The only thing I miss about mine is you show the AM stations here are crap.
They're all run by a cheap channel.
But I do deliveries at Clear Channel.
One time I mentioned your name and lady told me to shut up because the boss doesn't like you.
No Schmidt.
In fact, that's what we're proud of on this station. No Schmidt.
We got balls and we got no Schmidt.
That's just pouring in here today.
Here's one from Tony who says,
that's Tony as in a she.
We just wanted to thank you again for this weekend.
Oh, look at who this is. This is from our winners of that contest.
Oh, I had in her back from then.
Felipe and the Tony.
See? We want to thank you again for this weekend, Neil and George.
We had an awesome time. It was crazy as you can imagine.
It was actually a couple of their Jim and Liz who are loyal listeners and recognize this from the pictures on the website.
I'm sorry we didn't get back to you sooner, but we need a little time to recover.
I bet.
I tried to get out of work early Thursday to go see George at the hotel but wasn't able to.
I guess we'll just have to take a trip to Treasure Island next time you there so she can meet you.
She says, you guys are great. My husband loves your show. Thanks Tony and Felipe.
You guys are fine in more ways than one.
Yeah, it was while Troy went back over the weekend and said that what I saw,
what we saw during the appearance was nothing.
Was nothingness.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, it was it was happening Thursday when we went down for the appearance.
But it was happening like time spent.
Yeah, yeah.
Have you liked that?
So what were we looking for?
No, I was looking to make sure he took those things out of it.
Oh, yeah, try.
Yeah, because I don't want him to be the next PD Lenny.
Okay.
No, I don't want to have wild diarrhea the rest of the day. I'm planning on spending the day in enjoying the last of the afternoon.
I don't want to have like wild diarrhea for the sake of the sale department.
Like I always have over again.
No, thank you in the bathroom.
No, and I don't have any bottle corks.
556 votes.
How does religion permit that we haven't had one call yet?
As usual, and you want to know why because you can't explain it.
And there is no justification for it.
All you members of the God Squad who listen to the show.
You know how many members of the God Squad listen to the show?
Fuck third man.
Well, there you go.
I haven't heard from any of them.
How does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq?
And again, keep in mind, this isn't self defense.
We weren't attacked by them.
Oh, I have no problem with the what we didn't have.
Afghanistan, all the as usual, we didn't finish up.
Yeah.
And we left them hanging, but but nevertheless, I mean, that was justified.
The Taliban, they attacked us.
We hit them.
You know, like it says in the Godfather.
Exactly.
We were not attacked.
We were not on the endanger of being attacked.
They represented no tangible threat or provable threat to us.
The Brits or anybody else are the Aussies down under.
But nothings that he might have to somebody that might have been dead.
So, that in mind, this isn't we attack them.
And like I said yesterday in Jimmy Brezzlin and that,
I still can't get over that column, you know.
I read it twice and maybe it just struck me.
But you can't wash away the blood on a hand.
They don't care.
Well, I do.
Okay, I don't care if they care.
I do.
Because it's very obvious.
The blood is on their hands.
The blood of all of the people.
Because there isn't a white star.
There isn't anybody dying there now or starving or lacking for medication for their children.
There isn't anybody there inhaling that as medical,
that lead in polluted air that isn't responsible for this attack,
which is exactly shock and all my fat ass money wipes the blood off.
Religious fanaticism is that through to the problems say 291 people.
God doesn't carry his busy with ball games 101.
Even the Lord loves Nearogers 77.
It doesn't attend commandments say that I shall not kill 45.
It's self-defense so God will allow it 26.
And God wants us to kill our enemies 15.
Kill our enemies.
There you go.
Oh, and here's a, before I get back to your tremendous call,
it has been okay today, you know.
It's all right.
And yesterday, how do you like that?
Huh.
Joseph and Lee Hayaker, somebody fasted this to me.
Letter the editor in the Fort Myers news press.
Be positive about war rights, Joseph.
President Bush has started this war and will finish it,
and all the protest will not change this.
If you are truly against this war, then take positive action.
If it's about the oil, give up your automobile and your electricity and make a difference.
If it's about the innocent lives, go to a rack and volunteer medical help.
If you can't go, send food, medical supplies, and money,
although I believe the United States is doing that.
So Joseph, I guess, is in favor of the war.
Why he's not over there fighting it?
Isn't that logical, according to the...
Of course.
He says, if we're such a terrible nation, boycott us and immigrate to the nation, we should emulate.
Lastly, for those who are asking, what would Jesus do?
I believe that you're forgetting that Jesus is not the man.
God is the man.
Jesus is the son through whom we get to God.
So the question should be, what would God do or want or respect?
I believe if you read your Bible perhaps to find another answer,
one that does not sit well with your show them love and peace theory.
God bless all of us and thank you to the men and women.
And yes, the boys and girls who are still children, who were the uniforms of our nation,
says Joseph and the High Acres.
God's got another answer.
Right. Read the Old Testament.
The father of the son and the Holy Ghost.
The Trinity.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
But even an old atheist like me knows that there is no difference, okay?
There is no difference.
They're all the same animal.
The father of the son and the Holy Moly Ghost.
Okay.
Browns would pass the toast.
Well, the wafer will do.
Bloody waifers.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
Maybe they were neco waifers.
I do like neco waifers, don't you?
They're okay.
Where do you get those, Canada?
W-Q-I-M.
This is former...
Yeah, this is former human being.
God, Almighty, do you think they're practicing their material or what?
Not enough.
W-Q-I-M.
Sounds like Enrique.
W-Q-I-M.
Why don't you go back to Iraq, U-I-R-E-Factor?
Woody.
Yeah, it's Woody.
Trying to be acute.
W-Q-I-M.
The end of God's so great was Blue Ball's hurt so bad.
That's a good point.
Huh?
That's a good point.
If God is so great, and of course this guy sounds like a voice of experience.
Yes.
I'm so horny for you.
Huh?
Will you stop pricking and me?
You want me, don't you?
I'm so horny for you.
See, there you go.
I feel right in, didn't it?
So to speak.
56670560, Pompah.
We got a bit for everything, man.
As a matter of fact, when Duff came in and said,
W-Q-I-M.
Q-I-M, hello.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm not going in.
Oh, ha.
That was the best call of the century, here.
Yeah, likely story, honey.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing?
Thank God, man.
I can't stand so far.
I used to live in California and move back here.
Oh, that night.
Listen, anybody lives in California comes here.
A bad mistake.
Bad move.
Well, I used to live here when I was out there to do the music thing and came back.
And I tell you, man, if it wasn't for you, I would pull it,
I slept in my hair out, which I don't have much left.
Yeah, me too, I'm pulling it right now.
One thing, Doug, can we get up to say,
Rack thing is just getting old.
Meaning what?
Man, it's just like, I know that you're up on it, you're against it.
So let me ask you this.
Have we talked about a multitude of things on this show here today?
That's true.
Are we dwelling on the war?
Are we dwelling?
Am I putting on it?
You later.
With more.
All of that stuff?
I don't think so.
Can I dwelling just a tad, but I mean, I'd like to hear about your love life and who your days are.
No, that guy, that idiot again.
Oh, Jesus.
How sad.
How very, very sad.
How tragic.
Oh, my God.
Oh, please, please free us from these people.
We're going to declare the Emancipation Proclamation right here on QAIM.
I'm guaranteeing one thing, sir.
It's showing you.
That's for God, damn sure.
As in...
Oh, God.
Damn sure.
20 to 1 at 560, WQAIM.
What?
If you can't be funny, at least be versatile.
Yeah, that's right.
Pathetic.
Sad.
You're tragic.
Probably, uh, probably a year kicked his ass out of California.
Probably got deported.
You know, over a million people are about to mattress over the phone from our friends at Dalai Matris, including us.
And hundreds more are doing it every week.
So obviously, it's not like really a dangerous thing to like make a big investment over the phone.
Because Dalai Matris are people you can trust.
I've been talking about them for years.
And through personal experience, I guarantee you, there is no better, no smarter, no more inexpensive way.
They get you a great name brand, Matris, than making that one easy call.
1-800-MATRIS.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
If you call them right now, they can be there knocking on your door by tonight.
Take it from me.
I've called them like I said in the Zendian Times.
They carry C-Lease, Sura, Simmons, King Coil, Air V-Size, Air V-Style.
And you don't have to be disappointed.
No matter which one you want, and whatever size, they got it ready for an early immediate delivery.
They're ready for you.
Once you buy a Matris from Dalai Matris, you'll never go back to the show or misslepping again.
You'll never waste your time and money in those betting and department stores.
And don't forget when you buy your Matris from Dalai Matris, they set up the new and take away the crappy old smelly betting for free.
I'll say it again, very unusual, but along with other other great service, Dalai Matris takes away the smelly, sour little betting and such up your great brand new and for you for free.
So make the call now and guarantee yourself months and years of great sleep night after night.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
And then you can talk to that last guy about his love life and all the people he's doing.
Wishes. 1-800-MATRIS for Dalai Matris, the easiest, the smartest possible way to get you a great new name brand bid.
Live and local. Here's Sports Radio 560, healing to you, eh?
The Book of Rides just came in and of course, you know, I got a stall for a second or two until this thing queues up.
But don't you understand? I mean, these short breaks are a killer.
A tower bitch on the radio, who found a niche with no life as holes,
shuddened women, red necks and stands, and fed as frauds in cellulite pants.
The constipation has been tougher phased, what the so-tallant knows a better way.
Cell fading cataly, or the docks you, but she knows what is best for you.
Dr. Laura, oh f*** her, she cast a spell for her.
She's dispensing, sound advice, two morons with the brains of my beast.
A Dr. Laura, by the way, has your mother feeling today?
Laura, I would strongly advise to put your tongue in my brown eyes.
Dr. Laura, oh f*** her, he sets the ice just in cover.
The smell of Probelochise, oozing from her bony eyes.
Look at a mad dog, I'll redden the face and emberst, I understand you gotta cover your eyes.
I understand that he said I am a pussy and I'm proud of, but at least you admit it, you're honest about it, right?
I'm feeling great, I've never had a bonding moment with mold this morning.
Excuse me?
A little bit of a bonding moment or two with mold this morning, we actually spoke, we waved at each other from a brief distance.
No, no, had a little bit of a speaking thing in there.
We spoke a little, yeah, a little number.
Thank you so much, go on here and rip by Eddie Jones and ask, come on, he can handle it.
Say no sir, I heard what you said yesterday, it is still in, but that's the point, that's the point.
So we're not talking about the U of M and Donna Shalaley, we're talking about Eddie Jones and Amacho Dolphins with you and your Super Bowl ring,
the Amacho players who take showers together and they're worried about we got balls and like I said yesterday,
maybe that's why they choke in December or maybe they don't have any balls.
I think you guys are a examine that, of course, Joe Rose already has.
I am a pussy.
Yeah, okay.
Jim Maddys' is, I am a pussy, at least he admits it, let's hear it from the mad dog.
Honestly, he counts for a lot of new show.
He didn't hear what he called you when he came in here.
He said it to me, he's not a backstabber, he said it right to my face.
We already knew that.
He said that I'm a fuck sucker, okay?
What's the big news with that?
So he's all whipped up into a frenzy, mad dog will be along between one and three.
He wants to save his job, he doesn't want to get in trouble with the Dolphin organization, doesn't want to get Kandas,
doesn't want to piss off Eddie Jones, doesn't want to piss off Pizz off Dave Onestat, doesn't want to piss off J. Feeler, all of these people.
Like I said, at least he admits it, okay?
He's not trying to defend the indefensible, he realizes it's silly, it's juvenile.
Eddie Jones should be ashamed and embarrassed over this thing with we got balls with billboards, with wacky jacky Thompson get these people crazy.
I mean, just when you consider the source, that alone should tell them just to cut the crap.
Just consider the source, Eddie.
You silly goose.
I mean, and you know what should really be the proof of the pudding?
When Greg Reed has got the balls to stand up to this, what does that tell you, huh?
A man who makes beabies look like water balloons, with what he's got hanging.
And even he stands up to it, he makes gelly look like he's almost got a pier.
Well, I tell you, he smelled so rank this morning, I don't know what it was.
I think that it's the pressure from that show, it's there to get to him.
I think he's dumping his pants, seeping.
That could have been it.
WDQAM, seeping with the enemy.
Yeah, with a nail.
I beg your pardon? Yes, sir.
This is a nail?
It sounds like me.
Oh, he sounds different than from Norega.
Oh, sorry.
Listen, I love your show and we can be friends in this degree on the war, okay?
Huh?
Yeah.
I don't think we're friends, I mean, you can call the show and we can, we can converse, but that doesn't make us friends.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you know, in the beginning, I was opposed to the war, okay?
But I feel like we've got to do something about it.
Do something about it.
We have to do something about what?
Well, for example, after 9-11, right?
Two months later, we got another bombing just as that.
And two months later, we got what?
Another bombing or whatever, plane crash.
Similar thing that happens to World Trade Center.
You're talking about the plane that crashed in Long Island?
That had nothing to do with that.
That was an active terrorism.
No, no, no, no, I'm saying if we had a bomb or something.
But sir, we didn't, I don't know what you're talking about.
We didn't have.
I know we didn't.
I'm saying if we did.
But we didn't.
We didn't.
Don't give me what if.
What if Iraq, what if Sodom came down and took a dump on your living room carpet?
Okay, you'd be pissed off.
What if the Martians attacked?
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Look, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
See, and then I'll say, will you see people disagree with you?
They won't call.
What's there to listen to?
This man is making up Kaka.
He's making up poops all they got.
If chicken, if chickens, peed man, it would be a flood all over the place.
If Moe was a good guy, we might be speaking to him.
You know, I mean, all of these things that are just not happening and not going to happen.
I thought maybe I missed something when he started at, well, two months later,
there were, well, if, if, if he could go.
Let me say it again, the attacks on this country were perpetrated by an organization
a terrorist group called Al Qaeda.
That's what we went, and why we went into Afghanistan and why most of their ass out,
and we went around the world and secretly and not so secretly,
convert, and overtly, we eliminated them and rounded them up and whatever we could do.
Fine.
No problem.
All for that.
All for it.
A young hoe.
Maybe go get him.
Give him what for?
But the idea that all of a sudden, because, like I said,
if somebody down the street comes and takes a dump on your lawn,
and you can't find out where he lives, so the next thing you do is you go across the street
and dump on their lawn to get even with, even though you know, it wasn't them.
Well, what are we talking about here?
Talk about irrationality.
Talk about a stretch.
That's what it's all about.
They're stretching it.
And that's why they're so desperately even trying to convince you and world opinion about it.
Oh, well, you know, we know that they've got connections to Al Qaeda,
and we know that they've gone this and they've done that,
and that they've got weapons of mass destruction.
So far, all it's still, even at this point, is nothing but conjecture.
They found those suits.
And you can be damn sure if they found anything they'd be preyed in around like the guy named Macy's Parade.
They'd be on TV 25 hours a day.
Stick it in your, and your push.
Sir, all I can say is I feel sorry for us, for people as thoughtless as you,
who are so willing to, you want to be a living.
See, I mean, it's one thing to become a living.
It's nothing to want to become one.
And you want to be, you want to go step, you want to just fall into line
and believe whatever bull crap they pedal to you.
You know what I'm saying?
Are you sure?
Oh, yes.
But what if?
Chicken's peed.
And can't be enough.
You know where chicken pees and Massachusetts.
It's in butts.
And by the way, that's where we're going to invade next because we're telling all the liberals up there.
So once we get done in Iraq, Iran and Syria, and maybe North Korea,
then we're moving to do a Massachusetts.
And all those other blue states you know around the Indian, they voted for Gourmet.
Well, see you.
We're going to have to get that in order.
1251 at 560 WQA.
And if your carpets look like crap, man, if they've been invaded by grime and dust and schmutz,
how's the answer?
The answer is to make one easy call.
You know how easy it is when you're smart, when you've got all these phone numbers?
Call our good friends and drive concepts, and they'll make your carpets look and smell and feel just like brand new,
like they've been doing my house for over 21 years now.
Drive concepts are still around while the others have come and gone,
because they do a stupendous job.
They give you a guaranteed written price before they start the job.
So unlike most carpets cleaning companies that specialize in ripoffs and scams,
never have them with drive concepts.
Written guaranteed price right up front.
When they get done with the job, they give you a rose, you hand them a check,
and everybody's got a big smile on their push, because you'll look at that carpeting and say,
holy crap, it looks just like I've had brand new carpeting later to factor the price.
And they also do a stupendous job of cleaning your poster,
leather furniture, your area and rugs, and your expensive oriental rugs as well.
Nobody does it anywhere like drive concepts.
Problems with pet orders, milder orders caused by water damage, they'll make those go away too.
Do yourself a humongous favor.
What you got to do is do business with these people one time,
and all your carpet cleaning problems will be done for the rest of your life,
because you'll never use anybody else again.
Call them tool free from anywhere, 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or log on to their website at driveconcepts.com.
Don't forget with drive concepts clean today, you can entertain tonight.
My name is Engloucall.
This is 420-516.
You are a new way.
Are you fudge back?
No.
I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of what is Sit and O A and have me stretch my feet, my hips and both my knees and my shoulders I have the arms, my knees and my lower shoulder, my hips and up my toes I have my toes and legs, my hips and green, my shoulders, my shoulders are the same.
belly, my chin and my tummy I have my bum, my stomach make down my seated feet I have my $18 sporties of cumasses from around myouth
to my head I have my produo of cor Technical University hardcore consequences of something like that
593 votes on a poll. Look it up on eorangeers.com. I don't want to waste a
valuable time to read that thing, okay? Because it's such a very serious poll.
Such a heavy duty thing that's going to change the world. Why don't you do your
poll on a lighter thing like what's your favorite day of the week? What's your
favorite holiday? Huh? Robert. What's your favorite kind of cardio? A rear end.
What's your favorite rear end? That other pay, it's in, this must be
monumental whatever he sent in me, man. It's just, uh, here we go. Here we go. Let's see it.
Great show today. Hope they didn't have anything to do with my not being there.
As a matter of fact, Carlos, not that you mentioned that George wasn't so
distracted the whole show. Actually, we were communicating here and now that
man, huh? No, seriously, you made him into like George Jr. Now all of a
thing just sits in there and pat pat pat the whole show. Just want to say thanks
again for the tickets. We had a great time. Even though we lost the game greatly
appreciate it. Maybe we can get a first hand report tomorrow from Carlos if he shows
up for work unless his dogs got diarrhea again and find out about those
water list urinals. Oh, I'm urinating to find out about that. Also, please take
a look at our new cartoon page. He's working on it, but it's getting there and
tell me what you think. Whatever you're doing, it's great. Okay,
being a boy, you're doing a great job. Keep it up. Okay. He is. He's doing a great job.
And of course, there's Eric WDQ I am. Allow me. Yes. How would you? WDQ I am.
Yeah, yes, sir. Is this time to start the Neil still? I beg your pardon you
go ahead you run right now. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. Hey,
just wanted to say I love that bit on the about 30 man. Do you?
But 30 man. Okay. Well, I would play it, but if I play it in here then it's
going to like. But 30 man. Oh, thank goodness. I don't you know what I'm saying? I
want to like to carry over to that other crap at the end of the show. I have to be
very careful to cue that stuff up for the end of the show so I don't get it wrong.
Because when you get to be old and feebrile like me, when you get to be as old as
Mo WDQ I am. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Speaking. Is this Neil Roger? Yes ma'am. Oh, Neil. Yes, I am.
My neighbors next door. They put it. You want flag on top of the roof. Yeah. I'm upset
about that. Where are you from? I have a yeah. Well, I think they did the right thing. How do you like that?
Wow. That was sensational. I told you to see it. Just take the right. The number calls
there at the end. Then you get the winner jackpot. How many calls would you have to take to get
one like that? Yeah. 30,000. That was sensational. She's from Haley. So what else you
complain into? Viva Cuba. Viva Cuba. Like to hell with Fidel. I say let's bring the
troops back and go in and kick Fidel's ass. All right. Don't you think that's a good idea?
Wouldn't take that many. How come they're not screaming about that little van? I realize
it makes a lot of sense, which may be part of the reason. But how? Why aren't they screaming?
He's an evil doer. He's done all these terrible things. He's a brutal ruthless dictator.
They have no free elections.
