Did any of them ever once make grades?
How many coats did I go headed? He hated the 10 foot bad
But he said Paul D's he hates him worse who's tad foot? He was the 10 foot and he was the president of UM
What would you do if your name was tad foot and cut it off?
I know it just me. I would just ruin my day. I'd be tap dancing
Oh speaking of tap dance and I hear that Mo is on the occasion starting tomorrow
But gonna be in town for a week. Yeah, like I believe that and you're gonna have to go and play golf with him
No, we have to give him company. What kind of crap is that?
It's the middle of the summertime even the cockroaches have bailed out for the summer
And this man's got a week vacation. He's gonna be in around the town off with me anymore
He got all the answers he wanted out of me the first time when I was hitting on 12 year olds on his course
That's right. You heard me correct. I heard you. I saw some chick laying out in her backyard with no clothes on
I didn't care. Holds you was
You see he the one reason he's hanging around all week is he's monitoring now
Feversly can't do it when he's out of town. I want to monitor all the other shows while he's in touch if anybody mentions his name
He will be calling in yeah, but your job is a vacation
Plus you've got him so paranoid now that we've been talking about you backing up and doing six to ten if he isn't dearly
Well, it's like it's it's kind of like a wally pifting you know lonely or glove that kind of a deal
Yeah, if I did your show for the rest of the summer
Everyone would be doomed. I probably take everyone's job. I'm not to get everyone who are their lives evil
You can do six to two. That sounds good to me. I can do like all day for all and Neil
You just wonder the checks keep coming in. I'll just do a cameo once in a while
I don't have any ego anymore. Just show up once in a great while get the check you do bedtime stories
Then it's like their checks come once a month around this place
Just because the microphone smell like ass. Yeah in the beginning in the beginning
It's a little bit slow till like until you catch up takes about six months
You wouldn't even sit in the studio would you because it smells like ass? No, I would not especially knowing that most been squeezing his bag on that
Here I wouldn't get anywhere near it's actually it smelled better when they let us eat in here. Did you see the the dancing dwarf mole on our website?
Yes, I did that's a lovely thing
I know for a guy that's pushing 70 he's got energy that's just the never-ending
He's like the energy bunny. Yeah, I swear to God George look like somebody had given him five anima since nine this morning
He's he needed four or five anyway
He went on sick today what we're gonna do is we're gonna have people calling rip his ass all day, which is good
He's not here. I think Carlos is on age and George looks like he's got SARS and like AIDS
Uh-huh, he's dying man. Yeah, all of these things. Yeah, beard on one side of his face today
That's how the sick he was he shaved one side and he came in with the other one's
Folded like half and half he has to remember that you came in dead last in our pool
What was that which really ordinarily would be good the pool is the last thing I want to hear at here bottom of your
Roger show is the last thing sports winning hands down and you were dead last only 27 votes out of almost
1700 which is good except that by now I'd have thought you'd have pissed a lot more people off than that
Yeah, I'm just starting to piss people off
I'm gonna you got to work on it. I haven't even brought out my big gun jet
I'm saying I'm going to another Marlins games and I'm sure that'll excite you. Oh
Yeah, I heard about that. Yeah, anybody want Marlin tickets? We're gonna be giving them way today for four hours tonight
Is my cup of
I'm a cop
You got a pair
Listen, tonight is my nieces are sluts now. It's a big a straight face. He's laughing because he's always a kid
It's a you're only on for two hours and when you when you buy the last hour and a half would give it away Marlin tickets
That's a piece of cake. Yeah, you're
Everyone that calls up now asking for tickets to the this is what we play now every time we hear someone call
You are one pathetic loser
Absolutely
Have a lousy day, Neil. You're you're done. I'm not you know, I should come in there with the bees
But my gas is so bad. I had real cutlets last night. I'm gonna get smell it
Dude, I think it fasted the toe jam in his poop. I can't smell anything
I think I did this morning was I farted on Clarence's leg
Although he did say that Paul D's being a big spat tub smells a lot worse than he does
I don't know if that's true or not because I never met Paul D's but he said he smells a lot worse than the beast
Yeah, my only question is is any my any football player ever graduated? No
No, just if you can ask if you could ask that question today what the average are you knocking some chain you again?
Is that what you're doing not gonna?
Jack factory the best thing that's happened at that school in the last five years is not a shaleva finally cut off that
Hege on her head. Here's what your assignment is today. I want you to drive have you ever been to you?
Em no, I'm going to pick up my slutty nieces at West Bombay, chairport at one o'clock
I got to here's your assignment after you pick them up drive down Dixie highway and try to find you of him
If you can find University of Miami, you'll give your brownie points. You'll never find I don't even know her coral gables
It was that university of Miami doesn't exist. It doesn't it's just a football team. There's no university
There's no plan. There are no dormitories. There's no classrooms. There's nobody who lives on campus. There's marklights
Stating. There's the athletic building and then there's
They pay the basewalk. Oh, it's a million dollars. He's living in a frickin the president's house. Yeah, I mean my god
He's probably hanging out over there with sister Jean the marlin's manager probably makes 50 grand
They're gonna go and make some good get our breaks in sky and allows you to see us
He says
I
Love and grateful that you would see me today
Get me my most valuable
Friends for what reason do you bother me today? I want a station and I'm old
What does he come to reserve such a face?
He's a mean man a very mean man. He wants to be marvelous
To
Bend over
What do you hack it? Yeah, but it's only with that didn't you? No, not if you mention it
I'm not talking my
Going to get it with you
I'm not
Mo
I'm just filling it into the I'm both a Brian over blind. I must have got confused this year
You know, it looked like a noisker. Yeah, it does doesn't it
So where's more? Well, he knows guilty put a contract out on him
So he's hiding out at scoogans scoogans, huh? Yeah, and he's using clairs for a human shield
I know that going come on. Let's go. I got a gap. It's open the God's pop. Okay, to the love bump
My punch card is full
Would you is like another Kippie coffee? Yes
No clairs what do you say we blow this pop stand for a little sport hold
Sposia to the dune oh I really should be getting back
I guess sports
I don't want
What no women just men
Give my arm a little bit
I got it the things up all right. Yeah, what about it? You're sure we can say jing
Take off the pink chicken's hands hey everybody
You haven't fun
You literally say
What are you doing outweigh and fighting jewells? Well my wife likes it so much. I always dress like this now
You like him better than me
10 past 10 at 560 W to come 10 past 10. It's almost break time already. I like that
That what we'll do is we'll keep for all until 10 30 every morning from now on
We'll just the back up two or three breaks then run them back to back side by each
17 at all and the beast there now is he in there? Yep
Now I want you to take back some of those terrible things you said about Paul these
They're gonna kick your ass off those baseball broadcasts
They're gonna kick you right under the goddamn university. They'll you'll be person and on grad
They won't let you waddle onto the field any more
He said Paul these was a big fat tub of crap
Who smells like toe jam and said that university mommy was a jack factory?
I heard you with Ferrell this morning come on here. He's got nothing to say. I heard what you were saying
1700 votes our Georgia's out sick today. That's why the beast is sitting in Georgia's chair
Which I wish I hope you got something a liner under your ass. Please?
No a cushion no cushion. No nothing come on
Have clearance bringing little whoopee cushion
Put it on the chair. I sure when I come back to town
I sure as hell. I want to be sitting on O chair that you're smelly smeg ball leading ass is written with God
So Georgia's home sick today, so we're gonna invite people to call in and rip Georgia's ass all day and the tell us why they hate him
Now that's that's bad and that bad wouldn't that be in bad taste?
Because he wouldn't be listening anyway
He's home sick as a dog reading bad shape. He showed up this morning and then just was moaning and groaning
He looked horrible. He looked like death boiled over
But being the trooper that he is he actually are you know
Put his little ass in the studio for a few minutes hoping you could do it couldn't cut it
So we got the beaner boy on one side and the beast on the other side probably the order in a few lunches wouldn't surprise me
We better do the break then we'll do the result against the days pole
We'll give it to the days pole we got our paragraph from my Hillary's book a sentence or two
So I got movie last night Bob Roberts with Tim Roberts and Susan Sarandon and Gore Vidal and a bunch of other people
You see Bob Roberts now must see
Must see especially now everybody in America should be forced to watch that movie right now
It is out a thing standing great movie Bob Roberts
Nobody there saw though. No get with it
Father that's past 10 at 560 WQM
It's the near-roger's fourth of July blowout sale going on this week from Tom Lee and Joe Prieto
All the good people at hell at potty act GMC here is Neil deal number one
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 one did I mention that buddy hack it died by the way?
I didn't mention that yet, which is the reason that I played that damn bit buddy hack it's dead
Neil deal number one in hell it gets 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 potty act or GMC in stock the old deal number two get up to a
$4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and potty act in stock attention current and former military personnel
Get yourself an additional
$750 rebate from your friends at hell at Neil deal number three least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 is little as 289 bucks a month
It's a 36 month lease our friends at hell it will give you all the details
Neil deal number four get an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models including the envoy you
Cut in Denali now through the July 4th weekend plus a GMC
Toolkit while supplies last and right now at hell you can test drive vehicle for 24 hours
That's correct you can take it home take it to work
Take it away from hell you're going from our friends at hell at potty act GMC
You'll find them at 134 oh one soft Dixie highway that's on us went across from the falls open every day seven days a week
For more information on those Neil deals call our hotline toll free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one eight eight eight five three four forty two eleven
Don't forget all Neil deal something to credit approval see our buddies at hell at four details
Howlet party act GMC who be professional great
There was X-Men then X-Men 2 now there's a new team of superheroes who are shouting out against
Tour Redsmen starring Patrick Stewart as their telepathic leader
And I can read your back and my two Jackman as Wolverine
I have
Reveceptible look flaws in a metal
Window skeleton and Hallie Barry as stutter
Stop it and
They're a lot
Two Redsmen their fearsome their powerful their kind of embarrassing to be around
Thank you to Redsmen for saving my life
You're welcome
Oh
Redsmen rated PG for
I
Gain
That's 17 at five sixty WQM. We got 17 average 14 votes on yesterday's poll went over pretty god damn big if he asked me
By the way, buddy hack it died before we do that
Were you worthy? You died?
In fact, did you ever see the beast and buddy hack it together?
Hmm be a something to think about same person I think
Veteran comedian buddy hack it a talk show staple whose career stretched from the early days of TV to such features as the love bug and little mermaid has died as family said today
Hack it was 79 was found earlier in the day it is Malibu Beach House's son Sandy to a local L.A. Media outlets
It says the cause of the death was not immediately known. You know, but I know I think it was beast
What?
Just something to think about I think he died from fat although 79's not bad for a tub like he was he was pretty fat
Buddy hack its feature credits also included the 1963 ensemble comedy. It's a mad mad mad mad mad world
Recently co-starred in action a critically acclaimed but short lived TV series that satirized Hollywood and
It goes on about he was in this he was in that everything's ducky in 62 the music man the love bug
The hip Disney cartoon little mermaid in which hack it played the voice of scuttle to see go introduced him to a new generation of fans in
1989 and brought the rule back over years later in a directive video sequel buddy hack it is dead at 89 at the guy whatever it was 79
What a dropper like flies are they?
Catherine Hepburn Gregory Peck
buddy hack it the beast I'm
I'm Tonya loose some weight tubby loose some way if you didn't steal my food I would I
Would even dignify that with a response
1720 votes on yesterday's poll the last thing I want to hear about or here on the near Roger show is
Starting from bottom to top for all they love for well 27 votes all alike I told him
That's that's a good sign, but it's there's something missing there because if you if you're really doing the full job
That you should be doing you piss a lot more people off in that you know what I'm saying
But that's right. You're not gonna say anything cuz you're on that show
27 votes for for all only 1.5 percent
QAM office politics only 48 way down here near the bottom movies only 69 in spite of that a little bit of fear
We had a couple of weeks ago. They love it
Callers 72 that was a late edition, but the colors past movies 72 people though on here know colors on this to show
Music 88 to heat my music politics 90 religion 93 now all of those are like about 5% or less
Now we move up to the real contenders things that they don't want to hear or hear about on this program
Absolutely, Moe Howard David in 191. You know how George passed Moe like he was standing still
They definitely has the for George. Yeah, and we'll fight out today
We're gonna give them the opportunity because George is homesick and I guarantee he's so sick
He is not listening. There's no chance that he's listening to the show today
He's home with a hot water bottle and the vixen did just with his head stuffed under the pillow
There's no way he's listening to this show
So feel free to call and explain why George even beat out Moe that's amazing to me Moe Howard David in 191
George 203 and
George was a late edition remember was the last 15 minutes or so we added like two or three categories
One named George
203 started from nowhere and then like a runaway freight train passed Moe like he was a
sitting still
George 203 hockey 228 eating ass 274 and other George
Especially and sports winning hands down a landslide sports. They do not want to hear that issue of 338
Clarence is upset
Good
Or he cut you off
Or not that upset yet
No, he's really sore about that Clarence cut him off. I'm seriously that picture of the two of you
That is the the caption of that picture should be pure bliss
I mean you both have the look on your face of the most unbelievable
satisfaction
We enjoy each other
Do you really?
Okay, let's get back speaking of ass. Let's get back to Hillary's book just briefly. Let me read a sentence or two
Ron page two already
At this rate in a few years
Third man will be done with this book. We don't want to overwhelm you with it because it's pretty damn boring
Hillary says I'm still amazed at how my mother emerged from her lonely early life as such an affectionate and level-headed woman
She was born in Chicago in 1919 her father Edwin John Hologi was a Chicago firefighter and his wife
Dela Murray was one of nine children from a family of French Canadian
Scottish and Native American ancestry my maternal grandparents were certainly not ready for parenthood
Dela essentially abandoned my mother which he was only three or four leaving her alone for days on end with meal tickets
The use of the restaurant near their five-story walk-up apartment in Chicago Southside Edwin paid sporadic attention to her
Better at bringing the occasional gift like a large doll wanted a carnival than it providing any kind of home life
I'm stopping right there. Okay, and that more than enough to keep us on the inter-arcees
I'm stopping right there
Little yellow none okay, we're almost done with page two of the Hillary book. It blows. Please do yourselves a favor. You know who our buying that book?
The same silly women who sit around watching you know Oprah
Though those are the people buying the Hillary book
There are no men no real men buying the Hillary book
I bought it only be out of necessity because I know how bad this audience wants to hear it
Okay, let's get to today's poll. Let's start building this sucker and then also quit
I'm amazed we don't have every line lit up of people on a ripped George and ass
See they'll do it on the pool, but they're afraid of it to tell us why what it is about George that they don't like that
They dislike so much intensely
I hear's the poll today which actor or actress would cause you absolutely not to see a movie that they're in
Here's the list we have so far
Sandra Bullock
Will Smith
Leo de Caprio
Robert Downey Jr. Christian Slater
Melanie Griffith that was a yours Vener
He's on the phone. What do you mean he's on the phone? Oh, don't answer those calls. I'll get to them. Don't answer the calls
I'll get to them have a long conversation with who would what sure
You put Melanie Griffith on there, right? Yes Patrick Swazie and whoopie Goldberg and the only inspiration was I was channel surfing
Here this morning on my movie channels and there was a movie with whoopie Goldberg and Ted Danson who I believe is her husband
Aren't they married? No, they were going out for a while. No, they're married. Yeah, they're in Idaho. What do you mean by that?
Because he's white and she's got the last he has no personalities get a bad wig. Yeah
What do you used to work on a show with a guy had no personality and a bad wig look what it did for you
Got you elevated all the web to the for real show
Anyway, there's the list so far. Don't start interrupting man
You really are getting a little out of control. That's what that's your that's the problem with you
a little bit out of control over the top comes in like a like a hurricane. Oh
Which actor actress now you got one for the list based
Thank you. Okay, which actor actress would cause you absolutely not to see movie there in other words if you heard about the movie and thought well
Maybe it might be something of interest and then you found out this person was in it. You would just absolutely not go
Sandra Bullock will Smith Leo to caprio. I would I would I may have to change my vote on this to Leo
Robert County, Jr. Christian Slater Melanie Griffith Patrick Swazie whoopie Goldberg. That's what we have so far
Now that call it's on hold in Miami is on line six. I just mentioned it. Here's Miami. Hello
George the pseudo intellectual. Uh-huh the whispering guy
AKA the same that said this you know, we discovered yesterday
It's we're a little slow on the uptake that we've got about six collars
We got about six collars and each one of them does like 15 different voices
Different stick, you know, why are you so negative? Why are you so hostile?
And then we got the whispering guy that we just had and then we got we're tired that guy and each one of them does like a whole
They have a whole repertoire
Which is pretty amazing pretty pond where's they have no life?
God come into Q. I. M.
You like to get on the air you're on right now, sir
Yeah, you said you wanted to watch George. Why?
Like George right give me one funny thing that guy has said since he's been away and when when did we say he was funny?
I'm just saying he's not entertaining part of his entertainment being funny. You make some people laugh right doesn't make anyone laughing
It doesn't really interesting
Okay, we did an office poll in our office top five radio personalities on your station one year go ahead
Number one mad dog. Yeah, number two Neil Rogers. Yeah, number three Scotty for L number four ready for this the big
Oh, and the big wow number five gold bird have a good one. Okay, thanks
Okay, no, we're not ex huh? Where was Howard of the poll?
Moe didn't make it well. I was number two behind the mad dog. Oh right. So I feel really honored for that
For that was number three
Goldberg
Who lost his first name now let's see what's the schedule today? It's the first of July
It's Canada day by the way happy Canada day to all of us
We got the mad dog at two Humper in the studio at Ford and we got another one of those Marlin games
See not only they now they're not playing the last place team but the plan team who's number they got the brave
So you know they're gonna win these games most of them like last night
Braves at the marlins. It's another for all night more free tickets tonight
705 any key follows the baseball game to a mark overnight
Now forget the good news is you might want to get up early for this no mo for the next week
He's on vacation even though you stay right in town. No more. She got guilty solo tomorrow
And I bet just somebody we know is real happy about that
20
Ha ha ha ha
27 past 10 at 560 WQM your hate station. We just hate everybody and they all hate us and that's what makes it so much fun
See George ain't funny and he's not entertaining and he's not interesting, but I think he's pretty good
But now you've been hearing about laments arussian how laminated wood flooring from laments arusses
The easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring laments arusses the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from all the top names
Perino Perger Wilson art Unifluor and Quickstep they've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers
Here's another good reason why you ought to be installing
Laminants arusses stuff right now their prices will positively floor you right now
You can get there some are special for just
1995 bucks that is correct just
1995 bucks for up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively
Absolutely, I'm a wait like I said in laminets aruss will match any legitimate written offer too
For a free and home estimate call laminets aruss toll free tell me crusty ancient Neil
To dig haul one eight seven seven seven seven seven
733 36 what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care
Laminate wood flooring call laments aruss today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven
3336
My big local
This is five cities
The radio is all yours
QAM
This one see that all you people know how a stoner's feel
You know
real high
What if you ask the man is
You know hot so glorious and they even I know this curious
So I ask my mom for some cannabis to poke force for lawn the bus
Then my friends can love the park every day. You're in out with just can't stop one day
We even took up for the car. Go get a big fat hook up. Say I plant my seeds seeds seeds for my weed weed
Weed weed the ship will free free
Just roll it again. Say I plant my seeds seeds seeds for my weed weed weed for my bong
Let me smoke that phone
Baby
That bomb the bomb bomb bomb
I love when I smoke the bomb
Just like she can chew yeah yeah
That bomb the bomb bomb bomb
Look at that hot so glorious that the age of nine I was curious
So I ask my mom for some cannabis you to smoke before school on the bus
Come up and love the park every day. You're in out just can't stop one day
We even took up for the cops look at a big fat hook up say I plant my seeds seeds seeds for my weed weed
Weed weed the ship will free free
Gonna roll it again. Say I plant my seeds seeds seeds for my weed weed for my bong
That's absolutely
Let me smoke that phone
Oh
Grab
Baby
That bomb the bomb bomb
I love when I smoke the bomb
Just like she can chew yeah yeah
That bomb the bomb bomb
Okay, so you figured if I played that to the beat
Maybe we can like uh
It listed a few old stories
Just uh yeah this morning in the San Francisco
Inside stories
What do I know about your days on the motor
I'll be happy
You will really this is like a tell all this is like a new operation. Okay. This is a beast tell all day
Oh, okay. Now why is it that he can't you ask off that show?
Uh because I wasn't focusing my full attention on on him
Yeah, he needs a lot of attention
You weren't servicing him sufficiently
No, it was during football season
I had a lot of stuff to do and I had a lot of work to do and yeah
He didn't like that and you also on unprofessional
And I basically disagree with how he did things
Let's such as well like we would have a guest you know
I would line up a guest that he wanted me to get in the air
And he'd be on hold and instead of going to the guest you uh let's go to a joe on a mobile
Really like take a collar before he went to a guest
That sounds really unprofessional to me
Yeah well
Anything else
Don't stop now
I'm sure there's more
I've been trying for months to squeeze this crap out of you and you're like uh you know always in that lip sealed
You have nothing to lose now your office show you're not going to be going back on
I know
Plus of course all the horrible things you used to say about me and George which I'm sure offended you badly
Oh you could even you can't even imagine
Well give us a clue
So what would the tease give us a clue such as what things we can say on the air
No there's nothing nothing he said can be said on the air
Hahaha
Hahaha
Oh
Now you see on one hand if we take the cue from yesterday's pull on the one hand a very large number almost as much as George
Said they don't want to hear about Mohawar david on the show but on the other hand wait down near the bottom of things that they we do
Want to hear about inside 2 a.m. politics so if it happens to be involving with him i guess they'll overlook that
See what i'm saying
25 early votes on his pull which actor actress would cause you absolutely not to see movie they're in
What be goldburger 11? I have no problem with that. I might have voted for her except she's all we've got 13 now like i said
Leo de caprio he got my vote nine
He gives me the willies. I can't stand even looking at him
Will Smith five
Patrick swaisy three Robert Downey juniors got a pair
Sandra Bullock's got two i that bothers me i think she's cute
I mean the movies she is in a lot of them are like two little two cute see you know what i mean
Which he has okay she's cute she wasn't a good movie uh two weeks was pretty good with two grand
In fact she was even in a good movie with uh bent aflack which i can't stand him either but uh what was name of that movie
Is that 28 days?
28 days
No it wasn't it then aflack wasn't in that that wasn't a bad movie wasn't he in train spotting wasn't he in the bowl?
I didn't see that movie good don't ever see that now anybody that eats as much as you do but although you know it might be a new diet
You might want to try it the new diet watching train spotting just before you're ready to eat
About five minutes in when you get to the scene where he where he uh i don't want to go into it
He has this uh suppository
What is this an opium suppository is that what it is right and uh
Well he gets the urge and he goes into this real dive this bar with the filthiest toilet
We've ever seen in your life and he goes in and
Takes a look at it and is ready to just gag, but he's got to go so bad he sits down
Empty's everything out and now he's uh he remembers as you've got to walk away that he's lost his opium anima his
suppository
Is in the bowl well i'll leave it to your imagination okay and at that point is when i stop watching
Michael parraise got one which George mentioned that i didn't even it was on her yet and christian's later has none out of our first 35 votes
People who in a movie if you found out they were in it you just wouldn't go see i think i have one go ahead friend dresher
Yeah, but she doesn't do movies does she the name?
Oh, she doesn't oh she's so no wonder he kicked you off that show
You're you're we're doing one thing and you're like at a whole this isn't tv okay and i agree with you she makes me gag
But she's not uh she doesn't do movies friend rest you she's the freaking nanny
Eddie Murphy
You hate Eddie Murphy that he's like mr. family man. I don't see that Eddie Murphy a guy like you who goes a big um football supporter doesn't like Eddie Murphy
A lot of the brothers are gonna take a personal exception to that
So the b-s votes for Eddie Murphy will add that one on there. We're just building this as we go okay because i'm sure there'll be many
And we're also fighting by the way the guy that called from his office that took the poll
Do you know how many people run the office?
How about just him just him yeah, we took a poll in the office and the mad dog was number one you were number two yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 we're doing screenless because bina boys got many many stories to put on our website today
By the way everybody be sure and check out dancing dwarf mo he is just uh loadable energy and never stop
She just keeps on going and going takes a look and and keeps on
WQ I am
Hello, yes, ma'am
That's people kneel, please you're speaking to him hi kneels how you doing?
Um that movie would be forces of nature. I think the one would been aflach and
standard bullet no that was kind of a cute movie
Yeah kind of i don't think she's too bad but one one person i can't stand is Madonna
I don't i don't know what it is
Yeah, but um and if they put George in movies i probably won't watch those
Yeah
I mean i'm sorry. I mean
He's a good guy and everything but to listen to him is like
I look listening to the sleep. I rather be a bit sick right. He's a little coma inducing is what you can't
I mean i'm looking forward to Tuesdays and Thursdays of summer but uh
The rest of the time i have to tune out. Do you really?
Unfortunately, yeah, but don't you feel bad saying that knowing that he's really very very sick and he even came in this morning
Being a trooper that he is and had to go home and he's just done that store
I'm only a guilt trip on you make you feel well listening to him puts me on death's door
Okay, but um also um if i could go back a couple of months because i try getting in and i couldn't get into it
For the restaurants that close and no one
No one mentioned shlimes and that's what i missed the most. Yeah me too
Thanks Neil. We're gonna send for we're gonna send for roll out there this afternoon. Thanks last week art
Thanks. Have a great holiday. Bye-bye. It's candid today here. Oh
We're having a great time, eh
Let's see how about sliced long john trouble to two more good ones. Are you putting these on who's in charge of this now
everybody up there that's the right now good. Well, that's good. You've got a lot to uh compensate for it last couple of
weeks
You got a lot of uh
Tracks to cover up sliced the low and john purvelled the two excellent choices
Sally field is good. I'm not the big Sally field fan Adam Stanyans
Who's that I have no idea anybody know who that is
How about Adam Sandler
Adam Sandler's good. Oh, I can't stand Adam Sandler which again leaves me out. See, I guess that's because I'm an old fart
He's not funny. He's dumb and he's just an idiot
He's just uh the movies. He's not all stupid stupid
Yeah, let's get Adam Sandler on here and Kiano Reeves is a good choice
Out of Stanyans who's the one you're stanyans is that it's just stanyans who is that?
Stanyans, I don't know
Well, I know put him on there just because somebody put it on a list. Well, I have a list of 50,000 if uh you do that
Let's see George probably would have known that Ted Danson is married to Mary steenberg in the beast's devoid of common knowledge
Yeah, but Ted Danson was going with whoopee Goldberg seriously. They were in a movie together
But I don't think they were going on here. You're wrong. You're wrong. They were uh doing something
They at least showed it to each other. That's when they started going out when they did that movie together made in America
But anyway, he's married to Mary steenberg and by the way, he makes me sick too Ted Danson. I know what his story
I can't stand let's see here's one that says George is a femme. He's a limp wimp and has a gay
Ha ha ha a gay accent
I thought we already transcended that a long time ago. He does sound like a fag on ears
In fact, I sound that's why I chose George to be a producer show is because he makes me sound so much more macho
Same reason their clearance is hanging out with the I mean that the beast is hanging out with clearance
Because by comparison you seem so damn butch, you know
If you look at clearance his face and that picture of the two you on our website
He looks he looks like he is just in fact. I swear. I saw him in a parade this Sunday right here in Toronto had to be him
Was waving his pom-poms he had his little ear and outfit on he was he was cutest to be
Shaking his little back dome in the year he was just in here. We were bonding. Were you really? Yeah, how was it?
It was hard for it quick but good
1040 41 seriously look at that picture look at the expression on his face
If he doesn't look he looks even gair than a bishop from a Palm Beach that they set up to Boston up who looks like
He's gonna float away. He looks like a screemer this bishop did you see his pus?
She's a real lady that one
Mally is that his name another oh Mally they're all name oh Mally and Sullivan and whatever
1042 at 560 WQM
Let me tell you about a place where you're gonna find some great food very low prices and big fresh delicious portions
I know you got to know it's the pizza lot
Pizza lot is legendary and so I've thought they've been around a very very long time and ago one stronger than ever
The food is consistently great
That's one of the things that impresses me about a good restaurant
It's not good on Monday and mediocre around Thursday and maybe okay on Sunday
It's the same great good stuff every day of the week no matter when you go in and they're open for lunch
Dinner late-night snacks in both brow locations the original brow spot is on university drive between gripping five ninety five
I reckon I'm pure one imports in kitty corn with a new armory to low cafe and you'll find delicious Italian goodies
Whatever you like they got chicken dishes and veal and seafood three different kinds of fantastic pizzas some of the best around anywhere
Calzone super subs garlic rolls just dripping with garlic all your favorite pot dishes and lots more too for take out delivery and catering call in the
Baby 954 916 88 80 954 916 88 80 now the same great deals the same delicious food waiting for you out by me and plantation
Long overdue and Westbrow are a really good joint
Pizza lot is on a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind Walgreens call 954
382 1999
382 1999 for a great snack or delicious meal anytime take the whole gang to the world flaming pizza law
We're sports radio five CC
I
So as I play around the golf with Modi on a day
Yeah, I had to go to his house to pick him up. I only been the most house once let me put it this way
Yeah, it's not exactly a house
It's a century village condo in North Boca right off lion's roady Kimberly Boulevard unit 3002 on the 13th floor
Overlooking the abandoned shuffle boy boy
Oh, well, what could he have paid for that 30 grand? Oh
He invited me up see so I knocked and he yells for me to come in and I've got this
He was sitting at the dining room table under an autograph picture of himself
Sitting at the dining room table with another picture of himself in that picture
What a gift of himself sitting at a dining room table
You got a seat is 20 orange share crop it. It looked like the set on magic game
I had old people cheesy smell you know
Where they try to come rub with that
What's it called a prince match of belly?
I'm gonna still stinks like that cheesy belly
You should see all the panties he had on his obdress a droid they were all covering the nude pictures allude you cove
You think you asked my personal piece wax on the air but I think you're gonna put some over on me
Well, I got noob's for your pal you got to get up pretty early in the morning to put one over on me
Even earlier now
Get in here, but I'm all with you
Not hanging those keys
Oh
Oh all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time absolutely 1048 at 560 double to Q a
I'm thinking about this whole day. I didn't know what it's summer schedule coming up
And as long as we're unleashing in Georgia's near today. Yeah
We ought to talk about this on here. I mean I did mention it and that they were
Heming and hawing and well
Maybe for Elwood do a couple hours one day a week or maybe every day who would like do do noon Monday Wednesday and Friday
That is that I'm not there and back and forth and on and on finally yesterday. I thought we had this thing resolved
Because evidently he was looking for a little more cash
I really don't know what the real story is because I can't get it out of anybody
I mean certainly not gonna be he's not that stupid that he's gonna volunteer to do it for free
Because one thing you've all discovered everybody that works there at Q a M if you volunteer do something for free
You're never gonna get paid for it right Miguel see
See
Never gonna get paid I expect you to keep volunteering just like the reen said
But anyway, what does she do at the Marine does anybody know
She gets us free stuff besides chase McGell up in Donohol. What does she do? Let's see look at this here's a good one from Richard Craneum
When I even see a preview with Adam Sandler I run from the theater screen screaming and puking
Yeah, get Adam Sandler on her he makes me nauseous and the people who watch his movies make me really sick too
A lot of whom are the sports nerds who listen to the sports shows on Q a M
Let's see please promote Hillary's book because if she sells more than a million Tucker Carlson's promised either shoes on cross for SM
Or that I would tune in to see that
When Catherine Hepburn was interviewed by a Diane Surrier recently and asked about her belief on the afterlife
She basically said when you're dead you're dead nice go on Kate have a nice rest
Here's our Dallas chronic factor who says you have to watch Adam Sandler and punch drunk love a great great movie
I normally can't stand his movies, but this one is nothing like the rest you love this movie
It's as weird as Magnody and as beautiful as Requiem for a dream
I couldn't believe that the Oscars look past this movie was nothing like I've ever seen
It's the last back cell sent for a while. All right, so I don't want to become chronic
It was critically acclaimed says bacho in Dallas. I beg your pardon punch drunk love. Yeah
Well, what does that mean critically acclaimed? What what does that mean?
That means that it was supposed to be one of the best in the pit of films to come up here
Back to what we're gonna do here on Monday Wednesday and Friday starting next week since it's already Tuesday and the powers
The VQM keep dragging her feet. I really don't know what actually happened there
Now there are a lot of concerns that we have we know that everybody loves for real
Right
And they probably would like to boost the numbers up a little bit more than what George since so many people hate George like poison
But on the other hand see the way I look at it is this if he's gonna lose the station's license let him do it on his own show
You know what I'm saying?
After all these years that I put in I don't want it to be known at the station lost their license on something that happened during my watch
You follow to Knoldrum. Yeah, it's a condom
So that's one thing to think about the other thing is he's a sweet as a sports show
Now if he filled in a show obviously he wouldn't be talking about sports and giving away Marlon tickets
I would hope but on the other side of the coin if he wasn't talking about sports then he'd be talking about certainly a ass
right?
Or are my right or other things yeah, you know, not not other things. Why me ass is a general topic
I'm not just talking about a body part. I'm just talking about ass in terms of definitely a
TNA so if he's out here talking TNA again in the show
God only knows where that's gonna lead so I really don't know what's gonna happen
I thought we had it settled yesterday
But I'm a little bit concerned because the audience that pulled me to yesterday the the hate level against George is so great
You follow what I'm saying?
It's not a personal thing. It's business. It definitely is not personal
We like George every now and then but the audience just seems to be repulsed and grossed out and tune out
Which we don't want to do even though it is the summer book and everybody claims we don't care about the summer book
But believe me they do
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line
What actor actress would you would cause you not to see a movie if they were in it
Wopey Goldberg
37 can we talk about the roster people?
I love not getting into it. Yeah, okay, huh?
Why yeah, cuz they're your dealers. Okay, so now obviously you like them. No seriously. I can't look at them
Now that that doesn't make me a racist, but it's just you're not supposed to talk about these things. I find it physically
Uh
Unchist I can't I can't look at it. You don't like threads. Oh
And especially like the erosta the roster
drug dealers in Amsterdam they look like they haven't had a bath before Jesus was a baby
I thought that was part of the religion. It's all the spirituality. God
Maybe they're afraid if they grab the soap they might drop it
That could be part of it. Oh, here's another one. I grab. I don't think this is a movie guy though. Is it John Ritter?
I guess he's done a few movies. Yeah, he's a probably can't stay in John Ritter. I think he floats too by the way
Anytime I see a movie or a TV show that has him in it
I immediately change it out he makes money in show business how he does it is beyond me honorable mention Bruce Willis
Who I can only watch if I know he dies in the film
That's good. Yeah, they both belong on there John Ritter and Bruce Willis
I would have voted for Bruce Willis had I not had so many other good choices
Here's one. It's got not and I see again. Why you sending me long lists long lists
I know what long list pick one. Sorry
Oh, was this yours? No, I but I sent that to you. Well done
If they're giving me a whole bunch of known even wasted my facts paper
Anyway, we'll be goldberg 37. We wouldn't watch a movie with her in it. I would agree with that
Leo de caprio 26 Patrick sleazy 14
Will Smith 13 Sandra Bullock 11. I I feel bad about that
But then again, that's why we asked the pool the question is to find out what the people think that what I think
Adam Sandler 5 Robert Downey Jr. 5 Michael parade 4
Why is Michael Parasso disturbing he was an Eddie and the cruisers? I don't even know who he is
You didn't see Eddie in the cruisers? Yeah, I saw that he was Eddie the main guy. What else he was doing in though
I beg your pardon. What else has he been in the virtual sites? I didn't see he's he's not bad
They don't like him. He's a frog. Maybe that's why they hate him
Uh sliced the lone force Sally in the field to Ted Danson to
Melanie Griffith one Eddie Murphy's one. It's yours
Christian Slater one and John Revolto a nun Christian Slater and John Revolto yeah, but I'll get some
Building a tremendous list, which is one of the reason a lot of us said don't see as many movies as we would like
Although at least
At least when you go into your DVD store and you got a great selection there you can avoid like to play oh that one's in there
Sorry, I'm not buying it
Don't forget Bob Roberts must see
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound fine. I'll lie nine caution of observed WQAM
Yep, it's a good to predict there is there what I tell you see I know now just by the number of the line that's ring
I know exactly who it is
WQ I am
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir
I think of the ones on your list is Mickey Rork and Sam Elliott
Okay, he has outside of barfly, which was
Pretty decent movie Mickey Rork was in I can't stand a watchman or anything
Yeah, he makes me nauseous. The hearing is always makes me sick. Oh god and after that plastic surgery even looks better
Anyway, I can't today and thanks a lot, pal. I don't come from a place where somebody says
My come gonna walk away. Okay. I don't know. Maybe you're from a different planet
Okay, Mickey five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and T. Infraurizer wireless line
Maybe we'll hear from somebody who likes George on the air today. Do you think no one or two come on you can do it
He needs your support. He's sick. He ain't feeling good WQ I am
Thank you. Yes, sir. How are you great?
Ah, this is a mobile Julio in Les Pums and I can't all right. I can't go through the day without listening to you and for all
Excellent names your names for your list. Okay. Kyoto Reeves
Cano Reeves right and Julia Roberts
Julia Roberts
But she actually if he was in a movie you wouldn't go see it. Yep. I'll be damned. In fact, I haven't seen anything
But the one that she was with
With her husband sleeping with the enemy. Yeah, I didn't like you didn't like that movie
Hey, was all right
I think you're I think you're probably were on his side
Uh, yeah, that that would be all right. Yeah, you're rooting for him. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah
All right, bye. Have a great day. He likes Neil and Scott. So I'm thinking that Scott ought to be filling in for me
I'm under Wednesday and Fridays, don't you?
Sounds a good idea and George be there
I don't know. I mean clearance and I had a little chat yesterday, but okay that was before you uh,
Pleasured clearance. So he was in kind of a surly mood
Squirt-squirt but once uh, you and he had a little
Interlude in the afternoon. He might have like loosened up a little bit so to speak
He might be feeling a little bit different about Scott. I don't know. I mean see the problem is that
Don't volunteer to do something unless you really want to do it. You know, don't don't give us the big tease if he wants to
Do some fill in it would certainly help the ratings
There's no question about that he could salvage for us a really good summer book
But on the other side of the coin they're probably gonna have to pay him you think they want to pay somebody extra? No, probably not
Knowing the way they operate or maybe they can just give him some extra Marlin tickets
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
I see a gigantic crowd just a little over 11,000 announced were you with the game last night beast? I was actually and now
How many people reading were there? I don't know
30,000, maybe 7,000 maybe and you know since this is America's team that's in town right now
That some of those people were like mole for example were brave fans
So we're talking maybe there were five six thousand Marlin fans here last night against the first place team
Marlins are now back to 500 again. They've been playing pre-dem good. They're those exciting games with a red sucks over the weekend
Nobody cares. I just mentioned that in passing nobody cares
10 58 at 5 60 WDQM for years. I've been telling you about a really good product
I'm taking it myself now and you ought to be doing the same. It's called Oliomed
Oliomed soft gels contain the best olive oil you've ever even heard of that you've dreamed of it's not just ordinary olive oil
It's super concentrated loaded with health benefits
Oliomed and your pus every day can produce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol and all sorts of bad things
Plus there are 14 different
Oliomed formulas that you can choose from each one combining the best olive oil going with vitamins minerals and herbal
So the support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure, which is the one I'm taking to your immune system
Just pick the formulas that are right for what you need now. There are three brand new Oliomed formulas
One to help your sleep one to help you control your weight
And sell Q10 for your heart pick up some Oliomed while you're doing your shopping today because it's basically in stores all over town
Pick it up at publics records
Walgreens whole food markets Navarro since adanos or you can order it online if you like it
Oliomedamerica.com if you want more info on these great products and what they can do for you and where to stick them call
toll-free 1-866 Oliomed that's 1-866-6536-3633 don't forget for better health start popping some Oliomed in your pus right away
Three Hudson George Rodriguez rocks he is the ballix
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother
Saying the Monies, ponies who we turn in their own mothers
I'll bet you're gonna save that when it comes at your back if they bake you aboard that train
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Well, adjusting enough just have right feeling the airways with hatred
The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Phil Hendry and Michael Reagan
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear
Are you sure the right wing Nazi Republican mother
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother
For all the table talking idiot to boot and get any summer
That are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Well the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary movie
Have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up but he don't have a clue what he's doing
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run
And you can color them done
If they run jolly their month
Absolutely right wing Nazi Republican mother
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother
Who get indignant if it isn't them that's getting what you see homer
Just remember what I said when it comes at your back as they bake you aboard that train
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
My pro three and five sixty whoopi is just running away with okay
I just can't stand looking at her and I think a lot of people share that you know
See one thing about my philosophy is if you really want acceptance you know minorities are always screaming
Oh everybody's picking on me and nobody wants us to be equal
But if you want me to like you or like even tolerate you don't look like a freak
You know it's like a lot of these
Screamers that were in these gay pride parades over the weekend and believe you me
I got some idea what that's all about and the ones that are really just missing it like kind of clearance looks in that picture
Beast tell them to put you up a little bit
By the way, I was just in the kitchen. Yes, and there's a sign on both soda machines. It says clean cans before drinking
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Whoo
What does that tell you?
Maybe the mung for most bags like proliferating into the air and it's like seeping into everything now
You have to like wash off the top of the can lest you get some of them on your lips
I think they think that you touch the machines when you're back here and you give them
You know, I see I didn't realize you were talking about me and maybe there's some SARS on on somebody's can
Back to like a corso. There's something on his can look here into that like his brain
Now this thing you just facts me for what is this from New York, New York? What is that a magazine?
A no idea some
Asshole in fact whoever sent this to me is an asshole Michael. I don't want to read your last name on a year asshole
Requiem for a dream mr. cranky is the name of the guy that reviews this
So the fact that his name is mr. cranky tells you probably doesn't like anything
His review of Requiem for a dream which I wouldn't waste my time reading because it's one of the best movies
Ever saw in my life just about I would say 95% of the people who have seen it that I've talked to on and off the show
agree with me. It's just fabulous. I can't find the unedited version anywhere
Does got it
Because I gave it to him and I was there. I mean the movie
Hello, Natia, but be sure and now wash it off
But anyways is Aaronovsky's movie illuminates an issue with any person with an IQ bigger than her shoe size already knows
Oh, well
So in other words there has to be something new and revealing
I'd love to know what movie that was that gave us an insight into something that we never knew anything about
What was movie was that like the godfather godfather must also be crappy because it illuminates
The mob which we never know anything about the mob did we?
What a stupid mr. cranky hey Michael take mr. cranky and go out and do a little hanky cranky, okay?
We're little spanky
Well, you're wanky god that's sad
Like everything. Yeah, it's like people say oh, well, I didn't like it because it wasn't realistic
Well whoever said that any movie was realistic or like TV like soap operas are realistic. Whoever said that
God, what about your assholes? It's called entertainment
It's either entertaining interesting riveting amusing something but entertaining
5670 560 pound like all of the things that George evidently is not
Now why are they picking on him so bad? I've your TV before this you went to to somebody will call it and say
We can't wait to your George on Monday you watch
Are you thinking he's too sick to call?
Wtq. I am
Yes, sir
All right, just to let you know man you guys doing transmitter maintenance again
I hear you cutting your cut needed out. I've been hearing it all morning. Yeah
Yeah, I first thought it was a radio, but then I got it running a limited number of watts today
Because it's the first of July we don't want to spend too much money. We know there's nobody in town. So we cut the wattage down
Yeah
Okay, have a great day have a great time doing it 567 05 60 pound 560 only 18 and team Verizon wireless line WQ. I am
Can I take the nail? Please speaking?
I
How are you doing great good? I got a couple for you list that I can't expand
Martin Lawrence
Okay, Chris rock Chris rock. I'd rather stick a pencil to my eye. Okay. Okay, Neil any comments on George from them in oh
You read my mind, I nail that George have a good weekend. Okay
To have
I mean at least he got right to the point then be to run a bush
Here's a fact from Sam who says Steven Segal. He's the worst actor on the face of the planet. I possibly be gay
He runs like a woman
I'd like to vote like Clarence
We're getting all of these on air of course. Okay
John Claude Van Damme. Yeah, he makes me I mean well, I can't imagine I would watch a movie. He's in all
I have seen movies he's in so what does that mean?
Anyway, his stick is Heinz accent wouldn't line readings a noticeable lack of humor in irony mark him as one of the world's worst actors and you are
Thank you Sam and Kendall you got your thumb right on it. I have one to add now
Now here's one that bothers me a lot
Steve in Key West says and especially for a guy in Key West to be saying this bothers me greatly
What about Freddie Prince Jr
He's never been in anything but teenage swill while I happen to like his teenage swill I like Freddie Prince
While we're at it. How about his wife Sarah Michelle Geller? There's a whole group of these young Hollywood people to make nothing but garbage Ryan Philippe
What was wrong with Ryan Philippe in the gun movie? Well, what thousand in that movie? Wave the gun. Way of the gun
I must write that a couple eyes. That was a damn good movie
At least with this bone the whole gang from Scooby-Doo summer catch down to me, etc
Says Steven Key West. He can't stand these people
I grew in your respects for nothing grew
Good your respects for right Philippe after your wave the gun. That was a good movie and he was good in it. I have one the rock
The rock is in movies. Yes, unfortunately, oh, and he used to play football at UM so I'm not
Oh another UM on UM jock factory. That's what the Beast calls it now
I'm so proud of the beast this morning. It's the only reason we let him come in and fill in for six jords today
Because he finally came out of the closet at the beginning of a real show and admitted that Paul these a fat tub of crap and at UM
Is nothing more than a jock factory and that nobody ever grabbed no football player ever graduated from at school and they call it
Sun-Tan you for good reason nice go on beast. We're proud of you
Plus you didn't want to be on those games with the Zagaki anyway, did you?
Isn't the embarrassment factor just unbelievable?
Oh my
Humiliating and degrading he's very exciting. He is an exciting guy in old penis space
5607 05 60 found 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line which actor actress would cause you to absolutely not see a movie if you find out there in it
We'll be goldberg 50
Leota caprio 37 Patrick's Wazey 17 will Smith 17 Sandra Bullock 13
I'm just a smate about that. It's ruined my day Adam Sandler 11
Slice the low nine Robert Downey Jr. 8
Millenium Griffith 5 Michael Paray 5 what do you got against four Michael Paray? Oh, he's a frog
Ted Danson 4 Bruce Willis just went on to his already got three Sally field 380 Murphy 2 Mickey Rourke 2
Hey, how you doing Mickey? He listens
Christian Slater 1 John Ritter 1 John Provolta 1
Kiano Reeves has got one but nobody can find it yet Sam Elliott and
Julia Roberts don't have any yet. Julia Roberts, I think it's it's like a new thing people like picking on her. I think it's a personal thing
But as far as the in actress. I'm okay. So maybe she's overrated, but she's still been some pretty good movies
You don't think sleep on what the enemy was a good movie?
I like it fine. I thought it was a damn good movie. I thought it was chilling
And she was also in that other one where she was an attorney that I think she wants some kind of Academy
I don't know if it was an Academy Award. What was the name of that?
Aaron Brockovich Aaron Brock was it?
Oh, I didn't see that Aaron Brockovich. That was a pretty good movie. She did great at that movie. Didn't he play for the Washington camps?
5 6 7 don't be doing how hockey talk now that was one of the worst things on yesterday's pool was pretty revealing pool
I thought that was one of the we had over 1700 votes
They said the things that we don't ever want to hear past your lips is about the sports
Definitely including hockey was number three. What was number two?
You're not gonna have to dig that out of the Schmidt can again. What that was number two sports
George no George was fourth. I think hockey was third. What the hell was number two? Well, well come up with it
I'm sure that Eric will probably like give your buzz
5 6 7 0 5 6 George was up there though. He was like in the top five him and Mo
I'll tell you something we want to talk about right now
And it is your barbecue because the fourth that you lies just a couple of days away now like three to be exact
And at barbecue's glory you'll find everything for barbecue and that you could ever want an ensign
They've got the largest range of great Weber grills and accessories starting with the Weber Smoky Joe
portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks
It's the perfect grill for any July fourth or other picnic
And nobody can beat barbecues the lorzy incredible unbeatable amazing selection of top quality grills
They carry a full line of grills including the top names Weber Viking
Jenny or Braille made and lots of exclusive grills that you won't find no play sells like turbo barbershap and cook on captain cook
All of the guarantee lowest prices right now take advantage of no payments
Him is cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit at barbecues galore
This week take home the amazing three burner cook on grill a barbecues galore exclusive
This one comes with a host of great features that you would normally only find on much more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs
Porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and a generous 625 square inch cooking area
You absolutely won't find another grill like it for the price now just 349 bucks
And only at barbecues galore perfect for your July fourth and like I said all your other summer cookouts too
Don't forget barbecues galore is America's best barbecues store
They got it all with stores in plantation and university driving a fountain shopping center called 954
423
1400 and a crawl springs on the corner sample and rock island roads column there at 954
757
6668 everything out of the sun you need for barbecuing this one tremendous store barbecues galore
paid 
Oh
rings
I'm a chimpanzee, I'm not as mighty as Jo Young, but maybe landslaply.
Hey, hey, I got monkey hot, I'm a little bit of a pig, but I'm not as pretty as Jo Young.
I'm all harry and brown, I got some irritation, so I'm pulling my diaper down.
Thirty dollars of your spend, hey, there's better ever found, with all the fun we've been having.
Roman Ardubio Brown.
1117 at 560 WQM with a beast villain for George today sitting in his chair.
I think in the noon to one hour might get a segment where the beast describes Mo picking dingleberries out of his mouth every morning in front of the entire staff.
You don't want to be a, that might be a, what? You don't want to know about that.
What do you mean I don't want to know about it? I mean it's so disgusting, but it's a true story. In other words, brother just make it up.
No, it's definitely true. Yeah. Digging just everywhere.
Every another region you could possibly get to, that man had his hands.
Wow. And then of course when somebody would come in that he hadn't seen in a while would reach out and extend a hand of friendship.
Here's one that says no freaking contest Tom Arnold.
That's UCF Kenny, one of our regular friends. Just get him on there. Tom Arnold is nauseating.
Here's Maria who says, I'm starting to get nervous about having me here for a while for that many hours a day.
When George isn't pushing ass eating, he's pretty entertaining. That's what Maria says. There's one.
Anyway, she says a happy Canada day and I've got two actors for your list. Andy Garcia, boring, very monotone.
Wake me up when the movie is over. Andy Garcia, deservedly to be honest, especially after that routine he pulled in front of a alienate those house.
And number two, I don't know who this is. Haley Joel Osment. Is that spelled wrong?
You got to see the guy that was in six senses and I see dead people, the little kid.
Just like a creepy little kid looks like a mini man. Is that really how his name Osment?
Yeah, something like that.
Haley Joel Osment. Okay, get it on there. We'll get to many votes.
I mean, after how many movies is the Z is the end? 5.30 man. 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What's your take? George or for real? The Phil and for Neil on Monday, Wednesdays and Friday, staring next week.
It's still open. You know, QAM. We can change your mind at a moment's notice.
Just like that morning show, you know. What would you rather have? Would you rather have for real doing six to 10?
That's what I'm thinking. You know, you know, something that just dawned on me.
What a bunch of losers we got. What in that joint? I said the last thing I said to clearance yesterday since he does a sports show and the audience loves for real.
Why not when because I had I hadn't looked at this schedule because I see on here now, guilty without mode tomorrow.
I said when when Mogo's on vacation, why not have him move back up there and do a couple hours with guilty and then do eight to 10?
Doesn't that make sense? Of course. I mean, that's a no brainer. That's a given.
And then of course, it's like Wally Pipp and Lou Gehrig. You know, just never give your position back. You know, you just don't come back from vacation.
Sit on the bench.
No, but don't you think that's a great idea? What is wrong with these people, clearance and muffled is wrong with you guys? Well, you know, it's wrong with clearance.
He's still healing up from the beasts working at the tax. I'm a homo.
But at any rate, I think that's a fabulous idea.
Jody with the for else six to eight and for else all eight to 10.
What's not to like then what about your show then? What about our show? Well, I'm not leaving till like I mean, I'm doing tomorrow on Thursday.
Well, when is Mo coming back? Oh, you mean he's coming back? I didn't say on the air. You know, the said, when is he coming back?
I didn't say when's he going to be back on the air? Hey, listen, five to six for him for a guy his age. I think five to six is plenty.
He could be the for Ellen Gellie warm up guy. What an hour that would be a power pack. A power pack hour. The likes of which you never heard.
He could cram all of his chronic scenario. You could give Richie from board. He could get that. What's that Julio guy? What's his name?
The one who won? Is it one? That's the one he could have him on air giving us Steve Stuttering Steve all those chronic son of that one hour.
If he did be magnificent hour. Just that something to think about stuff and clearance. Okay. I can't believe they dropped the ball on this.
They're so worried now that they give me back 10 to two and gave us back where we belong in our regular time slot that they were trying to dick around with us. Don't worry about us.
We're doing just fine. Take a look at the website. Now we're getting like 80 billion hits a day. Even a beast ain't taking that many hits every day.
But start gooseing up that morning show and here's the perfect opportunity to slide that guy right in there. I'm going to I'm getting up early tomorrow. Just I want to hear him. I want to hear him on there at six and a.m. WQ. I.m. No. Yes, sir. Any of the Baldwin brothers have to be on the list. The Baldwin brothers like.
Any of them are you. I'm not sure which ones are the Baldwin brothers because Alec Baldwin is not one of the Baldwin brothers. Alex. No, Alex is not one of the Baldwin brothers. Sure is Alex even Billy and the other guy. There's another one. You put Paulie shore on the list. Yeah. And any of the friends want to see him no more. Any of the friends. Okay. Thanks. Whatever he just said. Any any of you. Give me any like. Give me one.
One name and like any of these. Any of those. Yeah, we'd like some specific names to be good. Paulie wants to see him. No. Five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the. Now did the beast. Did you see once upon a time in America? No. Did not see that. Then I guess you wouldn't be impressed by the fact that the name of the guy that runs the adilli.
Who is buddies with all the members of this gang. His name was fat Mo. I just mentioned that in passing. WQ. I.m.
Well, yes, sir. He'll go. Good morning. Good morning to you. I have a suggestion for the poll. Okay. George would actually feel. I'm pretty good for my.
Thank you. The biggest boy to personality on the planet. Kevin. Cosner. I love it. Good choice. You're doing great job. Going in for George. Keep up the good work. Okay. Thanks. So why can I say one more thing? Yes. George, if you can hear me. Don't smoke pot at home. It's like you're going to aggravate your coal. What if you try. Obvious depository. Okay. Thanks. Oh.
Oh. Yeah. Don't watch. Train spotting beast. It's just not for you. Not for anybody. It's only for really, really, really super sick. Druggies like George and the. What's his name?
Beener boy. It's a good movie. Just going to get. It's not a great movie. It's not a great movie. I don't want to see some guy fishing around with his hand in the bowl.
Trying to find his guy named opium depository. Sorry. Didn't even make it to the part where he dives into the bowl. Here's the fact that this. George is great on his own.
If that's the way it is, but I think for all in George could be a very interesting match. Yeah. As matter, it says both seem to be deviance. What do you mean?
Seem are around the same age and it seems for all maybe into eating ass as well. I think you are. Absolutely correct. That's a good fact.
That's a good fact. Somebody who's very perspicacious. In addition to which George could do his for well voice, which I think is it's hard to tell him apart.
That would be good. Yeah. Let's keep working on it. Okay. But I still stay start out tomorrow with getting a for all on there with guilty.
How much of guilty would like that or not? How does that? How does it get along?
Uh, the president day for what I hear. I'm not asking you. I'm asking the beast. He's a he does for all show.
He's not saying anything. Is he there? I'm right here. And you have nothing to say about that. Yeah, they get going fun.
Well, golly gets very upset in the morning at about 802. Yeah, because you know, Mo likes to keep the crossover going for like an extra 10 minutes.
And goalie just gets up and leaves. Like when they're doing that crossover, golly just leaves because he says first of all,
Gellie's never involved in that. He doesn't. If they're not paying, I'm not staying. So when Mo wants to stay an extra 10 minutes,
he golly said, they're not paying me for this. I'm leaving. Nice gone, Gellie. Good thinking. Let's work more pay. See, he's caught on.
But of course, Mo, he's trying to stretch it out because he realizes by that time most people are waking something might actually hear him.
Somebody says Mel Gibson. Good choice. Excellent. And Charlton has them again picking on a guy just like to pick it on George. Why he's down.
And a good choice. Charlton.
What that was all this crap. Craft foods. What is this?
Said it would take steps like capping portion sizes. And what is this about? You're just faxing me like pages with no identification of what they are.
Marketing fatty and sugar-laden foods that children's been a hot button issue is obesity concerns have come to the forefront. Thanks a lot, Pete.
An expert if there ever was one. Oh, here's one. Brendan Frazier. The mummy. It says he sucks pretty boy. No talent ass wipe.
Says fill in Muggate. Get him on there. Brendan Frazier. I don't think he's all that pretty either. If he asked me, I should know.
It was good that Jewish boys school movie. That was a good movie. I mean, this guy's in town to have his choice, but that was a good movie.
What was the one that with Charlton has to before chocolate has to.
Yeah, it's on the floor. I got to see you don't. You know, I love. I'm about to run the floor. Just a minute. What I do is I throw him on the floor.
I'm pretty organized here. I wasn't no Gibson. It was on that list, but if you've not got that one of that, I think that's it.
Now it's nice going there beast excellent. Don't watch transphotting. Okay. You'll thank me. Somebody you'll thank me for warning. Don't listen to that.
I'm not a pervert. Here's one from Avi. I want to ring Jew. Can any ass we can't stand you, Avi. It says by far the worst. This guy just hates George. And he can't even spell his name right spells it with a G. The worst personality on the radio is your very own George Rodriguez. He's the most.
I'm not anti anti. I'm Thai. I'm Thai. Semitic person. It's the ways. I'm Thai. Like most of his kind. If you give him a walkie talkie, he'll be giving tickets at MIA. I promise I'll never listen to what he's on. Good. That's another reason to have George. I will get rid of this professional Jew.
Pasta, please, Avi. Okay. Have a good one. And don't lose your suppository. 27 past 11 at 560 W. If you're in a really dead end job, if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts and not having two nickels to rub together, here might be the answer for especially if college is too expensive and takes too long and you can't play football. So you can get into UM.
If you can afford 10 bucks a month to commit yourself three nights a week for four months, fast train can help you achieve your new high paying computer career. That's correct. Just 10 bucks a month on three nights a week for only four months for individuals to qualify. So call him today and get yourself out of that rut that you're in. Call fast train at 1 866 fast train. And of course, like we keep telling you, I love to know what the locations exactly are, but of course that would be a little bit too much work for Todd. So he won't put this in a copy. Thai, you still suck with four locations all over town is bound to be a fast train nearby you. So call him tool for your job.
If you're in a really bad mood, you can get a free at 1 866 fast train. Talk with the train career counselor. They offer you a day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training to pick up your thing right now and call fast train at 1 866 fast train. And don't forget fast trains for payment is valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break right now, somebody underpaid that and job working for virtually free or just looking to increase your net worth call fast train and get yourself on the road to a real career and a real paycheck. 1 866 fast train or check them on the wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com.
My life and local this is for real by city.
Where of exploding balls coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They were a very weird band, but they were from Canada. So there you go. They were crash test dummies.
I never thought I could get into music. You know back then growing up in Winnipeg. There weren't many places.
Right there. This interview's over what the hell inside the behinds cameras kept rolling as an array George W Bush dressed in some half-assed uniform which suggested that he himself had actually fought in the war stormed into our studios.
Winnipeg, huh? That's in Canadian. Lots of French people in Canadian.
Well, as a matter of fact, Winnipeg does have the largest French speaking population in the Western part of Canada, but I don't see how that.
Shut up with your French talk. But I'm speaking English, eh? That's how you fool us. Lazy French people. What they ever do for us.
Oh, they helped you win a couple of wars. Gave you the stature of liberty. There are bunch of losers that aren't even shower and their women don't shave their underarms. Damn, I wish they had some oil. I'd bomb their French asses.
Uh, look, Mr. Bush, eh? I'm with the crash test dummies. We're just trying to do an interview here. And another thing. The name of your band is now the Freedom Dummies.
We don't even have the word French in our name, eh? It's close enough. Freedom dummies. You hear me? Whatever, eh? The crash test. I mean, the Freedom Dummies. If you don't like it, tough luck. It's a big juicy shopping-wet-looking show business. Tonight. On inside the behind.
1133 at 560. The Baldwin Brothers have nothing to do with Alec Baldwin. Alex is one of the Baldwin Brothers. We've been through this 80 billion times. Why don't we just put the Baldwin Brothers any? Okay?
Got it. Got it. No, because Alec Baldwin's a great actor. And I want to get him lumped in there because he's got nothing to do with him. He is not one of them. He was great and Glenn Geary Glenn Ross. And in a lot of other good movies. Got it?
Yes, it. Whoopi Goldberg 61, Leo DiCaprio 43, Will Smith is got 20. Let's give away some Marlon tickets. Patrick Swazie 18, Adam Sandler 15, Sandra Bullock 15. The C Sandra Bullock side by ESA with Adam Sandler brings it here to my eye.
Slice the loan 14. John Claude Goddamn is got 10. Robert Downey Jr. 8, Ted Danson 7, and Julia Robert Downhill from their single digits. WDQIM. Yeah, Alec Baldwin is definitely one of the brothers. No, he's not. Yes, he is.
Alec Baldwin is one of the Baldwin Brothers? Yes. Yes, he is. Get out of here. Okay. If you say so, I'm telling you one of the brothers. I thought we'd be true to this. And you're telling me Alec Baldwin is not a good actor?
No, he's a great actor. Okay. But I'm just saying he's one of the brothers. I'll be there. He's the first one to make it big. He made on some nighttime soap opera. Well, like I said, he's the only one who can act. Yeah, that's for sure. Okay, thanks.
All right. See you. Like I said, and I just get you're saying that that Alec Baldwin is one of the. No, I was sure we've been through that before and he wasn't. Well, whatever. So like I said, cross that thing out. Okay.
Cross that damn thing out. Baldwin Brothers. My fat ass. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. One. Give me one. Okay.
Which actor actress would cause you absolutely not to see a movie that they're in? I noticed the George conversation is quite a down which is either a good or a bad thing. I guess they just basically gave up. Don't give up.
You never know what the hell this outfit's going to do. In fact, Mo might just actually come into our after hearing all this today. And you know he's listening. No, I think I'll postpone that vacation because I heard they're going to stick for well in there.
Now you just know that he's got to be crappin' his pants more than usual. Yes.
I'm not sure. Thinking about the fact that being a little more insecure than usual, not only they back him up an hour, but just knowing that they're priming for well to be doing six to 10. He's got to be like having wild explosive ball movements about that. I thought he was going to be here till like 2012. Who's that?
No. How 2012? I don't know. I mean, he's going to work till he's 90. Is that what you're trying to say? He's got a croak on a ear.
I can see this. This fact. You don't know about this. This one because he doesn't put his name on it anymore. The one that says telephonetics. This is Tim Pots. We don't do Tim Pots about that. He's just a chronic no life.
Troy says the mere sight of Richard gear wither without his goddamn dribble makes me run away from movie screen at top speed. I wish he would take his Buddhism bullshit and go to Tibetan die. Also, I hope Mr. Cranky dies and Mo, I hope. Have a nice day Troy. And back at you Troy.
I mean, a lot of people died. Anybody hack it died over the weekend in Catherine Hepburn who was overrated no matter what I mean as a person she was fine. She was very nice and yada yada yada.
But I'm sorry, not in the Catherine Hepburn as an actress and who else does that and Greg Repet who was great.
Here's one that says for talentless and disgusting. How about JLo? That's a good one. How come it took so long to get that bitch on it? Oh, I was watching. Oh, they showed clips from one of her 85 movies she made with Ben Affleck and nobody still believes that whole deal.
I have never seen anything so wooden in my life. I mean, are they kidding anybody? And they wonder why they don't release half of their crap even in the movie theaters because they don't know what he's going to go to see it.
JLo get that bitch on there. Nicholas Cage and the most loads some all time Matthew McGonaghy. What was he in?
I don't know a whole bunch of stuff. I'm trying to think of something. I got the tool of you there who are usually what the hell are they?
One, two, three. How many seconds go by before I get a response? Jesus, let's get with it. I know it's the doldrums of the summertime. But your slowest molasses. Let's go. Let's snap out of your doldrums, man.
Clarence tired me out this morning. Oh, is that it? God.
Fine. And I know it's not from talking too much on a forel show because you know, anybody get two words in edge wide. No.
I mean, once it gets to be 10 o'clock, I'm serious. If I never said anything, he could be going to 10, 45. No problem at all.
It's dynamite. So we're putting Nicholas Cage of the list. Yes. A lot of people can't stand him. I don't like him.
The page me to put the I don't care. I mean, I'm not saying I've seen plenty of movies. He's been in. But as far as do I like him as an actor. No, I don't.
I just there's something repulsive about him. Highly overrated. How did you know that Alec Baldwin is one of the Baldwin brothers?
The 5 6 7 0 5 60. On 5 60. The same thing happens every time because this happened at least twice before that we got this whole thing about.
Oh, there's Alex and there's Alec and there's smart Alec and all this. Nobody cares. Okay. Believe me, please. WQ AM. Q AM.
Yes, sir. I'd like to speak to Neil. You're speaking to him. Oh, Neil. Oh, yeah. Pretty good. Thank you so much. Hey. Okay. Listen. I'd like to put in Barbara.
Oh, yes. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. As in Yenple. Barbara. Strysan. Cross-eyed. Bitch. Now, I will say years ago I did watch a movie that only because Michael Sarasim was in. I did like Michael Sarasim a lot. Remember what's the name of the Michael Sarasim movie with what's your name?
Jennifer O'Neill. Who with the what?
A reincarnation of Peter Proud. You ever saw that?
Though. Okay. Reincarnation of Peter Proud. Anyway, it was called for Pete Sake was the name of the movie Michael Sarasim and Barbara Strysan.
And I put up with her cross-eyed antics and her whole obnoxious just because he was in it. But Yenple speaking of the dolphins. Our day Joseph talked to Yenple Green was a little bit over the top. Who was that bitch? By the way, do that Yenple Green speaking of the dolphins. Our day Joseph talked to Yenple Green.
Who was that simple than bitch? Remember that? No idea. 56670560 was some bitch I think from Channel Sim. One of those broads from Greco dry. Some simple than bitch.
Wompy Goldberg 62 in Leo to Caprio 44. Nobody else is even close. Will Smith is in this. I'm glad I didn't vote for Will. I would have if it hadn't been for Leo being called in his reminder yesterday, I would have voted for Will.
Because I like being up there near the top. I like to be still like being up on top. I'm like clearance. 56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. 20 till noon at QAN.
And my and loopholes. This is sports radio 566. You ain't too way.
Well, the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time.
I got an inside wall street 10. I'll keep on a pay for it.
1145. Maybe Martha should have been in train spotting. She could have probably cooked up a wicked lunch in that bowl. You know what I'm saying?
15 till noon at 560. Now Alec Baldwin, like I just got through saying, is one of the Baldwin brothers. He was the second and sixth children in his family.
Oh, he was born in Massive Pequan New York, April 3rd, 1958. The first of his family to start a career in acting. Founding in his footsteps is brother's day and you'll see even in William.
You know what the problem is with me and this whole thing is I don't know who the other Daniel Baldwin, Steven Baldwin. I don't even know who they are.
Maybe that's why I can't relate to this because I never seen him in nothing. Did you can you tell me what they've been in?
I can't separate them. I've seen them all but I don't can't tell one from the other.
No, but he's been in a lot of big time movies. No, Alec Baldwin, I know. I know. Right. But Daniel Steven and William, I can't tell apart.
So don't be lump in Alec Baldwin and I'll with his wannabe brothers. Okay. Don't lump him in there. Well, have you ever seen the movie by Othell with Paulie Shore? Yes. No, which one was that? I don't know.
But it's one of the Baldwin's but I don't know which one.
One of them was in backdrop. I don't know what the time we get going on is anybody mentions his name. We get bogged down to kill some hours.
Good time. Let's keep it up. Here's a fact from Abyanna who says can't stand Gina Gershon. Oh, it says got her on air.
He said, yeah, Gershon, GER, S H O when I have no idea who that is. Who is she? No idea. Okay. She was the one who showed girls. Can't stand her.
I have no idea who she is. Anyway, this is some bad news. Florida's taken sides in the long running debate over the medical necessity of circumcision. It's joined the opposition.
Beginning today, the procedure is no longer covered by Medicaid and Florida except in limited cases. Oi!
That means a Medicaid mom who wants her newborn circumcised will have to find some other way to pay for it while those with private health insurance will generally find the procedure is covered if you pardon that expression.
It's a cost, a cost saving step law makers say you have to spend Medicaid dollars on medically necessary services that represent a frank focus, a St. Pete Republican invite chamber of the House of Committee on Health and Appropriations and a professional goi.
Research suggests circumcision is done more often for cultural or religious reasons, but it really was a no brainer. He said the changes expected to save the state to point three million bucks a year.
In the past four years, Medicaid paid five point eight million dollars from a 45,000 circumcisions in Florida. Medicaid will continue to cover the procedure in the case of injury or problems.
Circumcision involves the removal of all or part of the force get of a penis. It's a religious ritual in Judaism and Islam proponents say it helps prevent disease, but opponents say the risks are high for a little return for a small, that's what I got, a small return.
So there you go, it's a goi chavelle. What can I tell you?
That said, and that's basically like the state of Florida standing up and saying, hey, all you Jews and you Muslims out there, coxel hois, you know, take your circumcised penis elsewhere.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I can actually say that for the first time we got three people on this show today all circumcised.
Yes, sir, that could be a first. Why have you checked being a boy? Have you checked his giblets in the sink? He's tried WQI.
QIA, that was the day clearance was out sick QIA. Hi, yes, sir. Yes, I am. How are you today? I'm doing pretty good. Listen, this is Bob, the American Airlines, your name loader. How are you? Pretty good, Bob.
Hey, what is it now? When are you going to fly direct from Miami to Las Vegas with us? I'm not. Okay. Please, your honest. Listen, I got somebody for your pro. Jeff Goldblum makes my skin crawl.
Absolutely. An excellent choice. Bob outstanding. He makes me I wish they'd they turn into a fly again. I can't stand that side of the bitch. Right. You know how many times I want to hit him in the face with a baseball bat?
Bob third, man. You got it, maybe take it. See in the overhead compartment, Bob. Take care. American Airlines. I mean, with all due respect to Bob, I wouldn't fly American Airlines if they paid me by the by the mile.
Oh, keep going. The air candidate yesterday. That's a good news. I'm glad they reminded me they settled the pilots voted yes. They ratified that deal. It was a little shaky last week.
Is there a candidate continues hanging on by a thread? Don't do it, boys. Don't go out of business. Please. Not until they stick my ass in the ground anyway, because the only alternative I'll have nonstop from here to Miami will then be American Airlines.
Hey, a fate worse than death. That's earth. They just can't get their act together. Every flight that I've ever flown with him. And you just see it in the terminal. Am I a it just chaos?
Just all kinds of people running around. There's no nothing organized. It almost looks like most of the flights to Europe, you know. Most of the European airlines, they're like KLM. They're great once they get you into plane.
Once they get in the air, they're sensational. But in terms of getting of boarding process, like allotated, they're the way just total chaos. Just a bunch of widows just running around knocking each other down. It's brutal.
Jeff Goldblum. That's an excellent choice. I almost forgot about him. I would not watch a movie with him in it. That's how nauseating. He just. Oh.
Now the original movie to fly was with Vincent Price. Remember that? No. Actually, yeah. Yeah. That was pretty good. And they came along with Jeff Goldblum. And I thought, what's the only way we could make him look better? And that's the term into a fly.
During the entire motion picture, I sat there with my fly swatter poised. I didn't watch it. So about 10 seconds of it. I saw that he was in it. Bye bye. Moving right along.
There's a lot of me. You know what? Maybe, maybe people on Hollywood should figure this out. That they're just certain they should have like Q scores, like they do on television for actors and actresses.
And find out if somebody that are really low Q score, most people are revolted and nauseated by him. Maybe we don't want to see them too much. WQ I am. Yeah. Mike, you're for about it. Yes, sir.
Okay. Steven Baldwin was the one in bio dome and you could also make your list. He was also body rebel in the first place. Okay.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks, pal. We're in more Baldwin dropping. Here do we want any more? No, but thank you very much. We don't want any more.
Because there, like I said, every time anybody even mentions that the people together, the whole Alec Baldwin's an outstanding actor, excellent. And other than that, forget about him.
So far, which actor actress would cause you to absolutely not see movie if you found out they were in it. Whoopi Goldberg 65. Get out the old Whoopi cushion and smacker with it.
As a matter of fact, what an insult that is, you know, the Hollywood squares, they try to bring that back about three different times. And this, this, you know, the middle one, the intermediate one. Wasn't she on that one? Yeah. And now Ellen DeGeneres is there. Ellen DeGeneres. Well, I guess she's taken Paul Lin's spot.
They always had to put some gay person in the middle square after after Paul Lin was in it. It always put some queen in there or some whatever.
Dike. Whoopi Goldberg 65. Leo de Capriot 45. Will Smith 21. Patrick Swasey 18. He is obnoxious. Oh, you know who another one is that makes me sick.
Am I stomach it? Who looks like Patrick Swasey? Kurt Russell. Yes, he is married to Goldie. We already discussed that a million times.
I know Kurt Russell, who was one of Walt Disney's favorites. I think they did it a few times. He was a good. He was what? He was a good.
He was a good. To Kurt Russell was on Gilligan's Island. Hey, I guess the period says the jungle boy that somehow should have the island. Adam Sandler 17. He should be doing better than that. Oh, he did. As soon as I said that, it clicked over to 18. Time with Patrick Swasey.
Slice the loan 16. John Claude Van Dam 16. Sandra Bullock 15. You know another one of Paulie Schwartz got 10. You know another one. How could we have forgotten?
Maybe it's un-American for me to say this Arnold Schwarzenegger. Oh, we got. Yeah, how could we have left Arnold off? You like Arnold?
Not really. No. Kind of. He is elevated the word dumb to a new level. I mean, he just everything. It just that.
He got those forced one liners, you know. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. You know, before I think I'm very Maria Schriver, you just actually have a chin.
Who be Q.A.M. Hey, can I speak to Neil? Speaking. Neil. Yes, sir. I know you don't listen to to Castanovo. But especially when I'm here in Toronto, it's kind of hard to pick up that signal.
Yeah, he was talking to Rick Sanchez this morning. Oh boy. You know when Sanchez left town, he was sucking his ass. Now, but he was sucking it again today. He sucked his ass so hard as headcaped in. It was embarrassing. I wish you could.
And then Sanchez mentioned that he wanted to get his kids into American heritage over there. Yeah. And he said and he goes, oh, yeah, over there by where Neil Rogers lived. And Castanovo says that guy. He's gone. He ain't on the ear anymore.
And besides his ratings are crap, but yeah, or something before he just appeared. Right. Did anybody say Bruce Willins? Yes, he did. Hey, happy Canada day. Hey, okay. See you around.
Castanovo is sucking on to a Ricky Sanchez. What a good, what a good match. Yeah, that's right. I'm not on the ear anymore. Castanovo. I'm gone. Still number one at a time slot.
Even Oton Jikka said it couldn't be done. And even though you're a butt plug, and I've had an original thought in your mind, schmuck.
Oh, you can't talk that way about Paul and young Ron. If I lived to be a thousand, I'd never understand the attraction of that show. I have heard it. Little drips and rams because everybody's materials always better the first time.
You know, like going into a fine restaurant, getting your great steak when you eat at the first time, it's always better than the second time around.
1156, four minutes till noon at 560 WQM. If you want you a great mattress, if your old mattress is lumpy and bumpy, just had it. If it's worn out.
If you've just screwed it right into the ground, here's the answer for it. Get yourself a great night sleep from our friends at Dallab mattress.
Because all it takes is one easy call, the easiest piece of shopping you can ever dream of doing. Just call 1-800-MATTR. Yes, you won't believe how simple it is to pick out the perfect vent for you and your back.
The expert bedding consultants will guide you through the whole process because they know bedding inside outside upside down.
And unlike what happens when you go to a show where they try to steer it toward a house brand that you never heard of or discontinued set or a mismatch or something that you didn't want in the first place, Dallab mattress doesn't screw around with that kind of stuff. They silly only the best. Top quality ceiling, serda, Simmons, tempera, pita, no sales gimmicks, no false promises, no inflated prices either.
They've got the high-end beds too for you. Big shooters out there like Ceeley's crown jewel line and top models from every brand all at low everyday prices.
Call 1-800-MATTR. Yes, right now and see what I'm talking about. And when you do make that call, be sure and ask them about their comfort exchange policy.
If you're not completely satisfied with the exchange it for you with no questions, ask TUSD to give you a free set up of you new mattress. They take away free removal of your crappy old one.
And you get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you.
You pick it to our window. Nobody anywhere in the history of mankind has ever done anything like that.
So call Dallab mattress right now. There'll be there in no time at all. Call 1-800-MATTR. Yes, or check them out in the web if you like at mattress.com.
My best local business is my city. Radio door your time.
You win.
Hey, I'm Frao, Eli and I rush late and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roe cake. I'm gonna use the hour.
Hey, guys.
Morpheus, Leo and Trinity are back in the next installment in the Matrix, the third prophecy in the third prophecy, the Oracle says.
This does.
This would have become this.
This is it.
First there was the Matrix, then the Matrix reloaded. Now Matrix Uncocked, directed by the former Larry Wachowski.
Now notice Debbie coming soon with theater and a dumpster near you.
Probably one at five sixty W to QM. Happy Tuesday to you. So anyway, let me give you a little piece of advice.
Beasts since you're feeling I made a big mistake. I'm sorry.
No, just because people facts you stuff down there, one of the ideas is that I can save a lot of facts paper here.
If you're a little bit more selective on the craft, can I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest with you all the stuff on the Baldwin brothers. I facts you.
Like I printed that out in fact.
When I make it much worse, I know that's the problem that makes it.
I was.
No, we can't stand you, you know, if it wasn't one through I said to myself, I should not have done that.
I mean, I thought you were just forwarding this crap because generally our audience will do stuff like this.
In George, one of the great things George does off the air is he doesn't send me crap from either chronic factors or stuff that he knows I don't want.
Oh no, I've been doing that. Like I a lot of the stuff people have sent today, I haven't sent you.
Probably stuff I wanted to see, but it was like, let me just count the pages here. How many pages are there?
At least one third, man.
Three, four, five, six, seven, maybe like 10 pages here on Stephen and Daniel Baldwin, which I don't give a fly and figure about either one of them.
Stephen Baldwin, here's the silent warning, slap shot, too. That tells me everything I need to know.
Slap shot. Dead rock star wildfire keeping it real. Spidey's web before the devil knows you dead dead awake.
Yadia protections. Zebra lounge. Yadia, Yadia. He was born May 12, 1966 in Massa, Pequenier, the youngest of two sisters and three brothers.
All of his brothers are actors. I totally Alec is one of them. Daniel and Billy.
Although Stephen has the same eyes as his brothers, he's easy to distinguish. He has to die for cheekbones.
And the best part is the beast wrote this. To die for cheekbones full lips.
What car? Off and sports blonde and we're long here in a wild woody is what it says here.
Exchange Flintstones in what? Flintstones in Viva, Rock Vegas. Yeah, he was party rubble.
Mercy. I don't know. Okay. This is all which one Stephen Baldwin. Now I know who that is.
But Daniel Baldwin, I don't know who the hell he is.
Actually, Stephen Baldwin, I think that is the good looking one.
You're trying to say something again since you were the guy that picked Aaron out in our Hot Couples contest number three.
And then I pick him out. I just figured that you'd like to see him. Your gaze.
Well, wait a minute. He was born in 1966. That means he's 37 years old. No, thanks.
You only got even close to that old that I'm interested in is Ethan Hawke.
I don't know something about Ethan. By the way, Boehner, Boehner just came back in the room looking green, blue, and blue.
And he was about to kill over. Why is that? I don't know. Maybe George gave you something.
We're giving it back and forth to each other. Then the one who was walking in the Duffus coffee in the other room and it's getting that.
See, I left it for a week that I was there. I left a little something for you.
I mean, it's so to clean our son of a can's office. Right.
And here's William Baldwin's biography. He was in double bangs saying nothing.
You stupid man. One I king box 2000. He played Christian box as in what's in the relative values brotherhood of murder.
Oh, no, this goes on. Bullworth, Bullshmit, shattered image virus. I mean, that's what you got. Maybe you got the Baldwin virus.
So that also he was born on the 4th of July. Oh, he played. He was had a cameo role as a platoon soldier. So we couldn't have had like a major role because it was a good movie.
Okay, there you go. There's everything you want to know about the Baldwin brothers and then some as our topic today is why do you hate George so much?
5 6 7 0 5 60. Here's more facts. I didn't realize you sent me about 80 pages here.
My vote is for whoopie Goldberg. She makes me shakewood disgust. Now she has a new sitcom coming out when the ad comes out. It makes me gag.
I thought I was the only one. I started feeling guilty because if I look at her, I just give physically ill. She's nauseating.
I'd rather be tied to the ground with honey spit over my naked body and have army ants eat me than watch that nasty bitch. Well said, Richard.
As for George, he seems like a pretty good guy, but, but when he does the show alone nobody. I mean nobody gets a word in edge wise.
No caller can even come close to finishing a sentence without him interrupting very, very annoying. Says the evil master.
I didn't know that because I don't listen. Is that true?
He gets a little jumpy. I'm not asking you. You don't produce the show when I'm out there. I listen though. I listen all the time.
Yeah, I'm what about the sick boy over there. He's more Nazi than I get looks.
You get looks about what?
Your gay.
You get looks in other words, if you interrupt?
Not a true. Yeah, I guess it's rough.
Oh, look, he's got those.
Here's one that says from David Lakeland, an actress who makes my skin crawl Ashley Judd horrible. It says get Ashley get her ash on there right away.
Here's another one. Now they're starting to rip George and ask. See, he's homesick as a dog. He's not listening. He can this won't bother him. He's used to it.
Plus we're going to have to well do the show anyway. No, we're not. Yes, we are. You know, we'll do whatever the hell I winds up doing. I think that's a good idea. Don't you?
Let's just play it by ear. Let's shock the management. Let's just see who shows up because I'm not going to be there Monday, Wednesday, Friday, starting next week. You can bet your life on it.
Starting this Friday, July 4th, a matter of fact.
Joe says I enjoy a win, George. Takes over the show. Kiss me. It's sense to turn a radio off. Leave the house and do something with myself.
Or you don't have to leave the house to do that. Joe.
By the way, if you noticed how the beast looks suspicious like stoge Joe, Bessar. Can't wait to hear Rick and Sards on QM this summer. Have a great life says Joe.
Here's another one. It says just wanted to thank you, George and Venerbor for the spectacular dinner at the pizza lot. My wife and I were the third place winners and a couple of two contest decided to use our prize last night.
We've never been there before, but we definitely would go back hating Miami by loving uses Chris and also PS for the poll. Any previous members said in our live not named Bill Murray as in Rob Schneider, David Spade, Chris Katan and and so on.
That's the guy that came by that that we were that you should have been here to see that Chris receptionist Carlos fell in love with with Chris.
Well, these were the third place winners, right? Right. Wasn't that the biker, the biker couple?
No, no, the third place winners from the last hot couples contest. Oh, from the previous one. Right. The Chris and Ody one. Oh, yeah, that Chris and Odyr remember them. They were very very nice.
Hey, listen, there's plenty of people we've had in this contest that I wouldn't mind seeing and that's why they're entering because they know that I'm up here and I can't be there to see them. They're not dumb.
Especially my good close friend Aaron. How they hanging there and wow? Man.
He had half of the Oscar, my roommate, a plant in his pants and that one picture and whatever happened that beautiful photo of Mo's head right by his package.
Beener Boy, which one? The one that we had somebody had made for us the same guy that does all this other great stuff. He had Mo's head right down here by Aaron's package. Don't you remember that one?
We may have to dig that one out. Yeah, it's most busy digging everything else out. I'm so glad that I'm not there to see Mo digging in his ass. Oh, God.
I'm not really sure which is which is more disgusting. The scene from train spotting which at least I could shut it off.
Or the fact that Mo is running around picking dingle burrs out of his butt while everybody is there a force to watch it.
It's not the back side. It's the front side too, man. Oh, no, maybe he's searching. Maybe he's trying to find it. Maybe he's trying to see if it's still there.
And he smiles like he takes pride in it. You got to be kidding me. Kid, you're not. He reaches around and readjust his package and he smiles at you.
Look at this. A message there beast. Maybe that's why you're not on show anymore. Maybe you didn't cooperate. That's why you had a settle for clearance.
Which actor or actress would you would cause you definitely not to see movie that they're in.
Whoopi Goldberg 71. I don't think anybody's going to catch a little whoopi Leo to Campio 47. Violio. Don't fly away now, sweetheart.
Will Smith 21. Adam Sandler. You know, that would be another interesting poll. Which of these queens is fooling absolutely nobody.
Do you think that's a great poll? Absolutely. Which of these bags is fooling nobody? You know, like J.L.O. or Matt Damon. Leo. Right?
I think there's a pretty good list there. Probably a few inside our building. 5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA. I'm hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing today? Sir, how you doing?
Great. Thanks. Do you have a Jessica Parker on that? No, we do not. Because I'm afraid if I put that on, I'm going to start reading it like that again.
Oh my god. Well, if she, but she allows on there, a lot of people can't stand her. They hit her like poison.
I will not watch any movies that she has in. Ever. But if you don't mind, I like to mention something else that's going on in the news right now.
Go ahead. You know, Tony Blair and this BBC little fluff dust up that's going on over the second lineup of the documents.
Well, if you go to what really happened dot com, their lead story today is the Microsoft Word document contains logings of edits that have been made to their document.
And Tony Blair's government has been busted because they shared this Microsoft Word document with the press and they've gone in and looked at these log files.
Your Microsoft computer maven there will explain how that works. Okay. But Microsoft Word keeps track of all the edits that have been made to a document in that.
Yeah, we had a little bit about that in that story with the BBC lawsuit yesterday. Well, if you go to what really happened dot com, their lead story is how Blair's government there has been busted because they claim that they weren't making edit to the document.
But there is a list of all the personnel that has to log in to make those edits. It's at what really happened dot com. Well, I noticed that they suddenly took a quick turn today because Jack on the last straw said this morning or I guess the staff knew in their time that under no circumstances or for any reason will England go along with an invasion in Iran.
Yes, they got burned real bad once another guy caught with all their pantaloonies down and now they're just making sure everybody understands they're not going to do it again.
Well, I guess Bush did get the trifecta he got rid of the Taliban. He got rid of Saddam Hussein and now he's gotten rid of the labor party, the labor party leader, the liberal party leader in England.
Absolutely correct. All in one fell swoop. Maybe something. Well, have a nice vacation. You'll take care of yourself. Thanks, pal. I see. What really happened dot com? Well, you know, you can you could if Bush came on television this afternoon, three o'clock in the afternoon and made a speech and said, well, you know, we tried hard, but we couldn't fool you and we tried.
You know, we just wanted to go in here. We wanted the oil and we already had this plan four or five years ago and we just we screwed up. You know, we got covered our pants down and we made up a bunch of stories.
If he came on or it said that, I think that his popularity would be close to the same as it is right now. You know what I'm saying?
Because you deal with so many stupid people out there, they don't really give a crap and these fundamentalist right wing assholes, they don't care. They already probably know that or a part of them knows that. They don't care.
5 6 7 0 5 60. I don't want to get heavy with politics today. All the way. Do have this story. US based missiles to have global reach. It's on our website. We got 80 billion stories on our website today.
In fact, what we're going to start doing is having a lot more just to make Carlos work that much more since I bought them that computer.
Oh, yeah. We're going to have stories up the ass from now on. No problem. So it's not in a lot more. And I want to see that damn wedding picture of the beast in clearance.
I mean, a picture that's on there is definitely special. But the one with that wedding outfit that's that's probably in the same place as the one with Aaron and Moe with his head on his packet. Wait, you see the one from the honeymoon.
Is that the one I'm talking about? That was just the wedding picture. The honeymoon is wow.
Man, I told you that you were.
Short, short, short, short.
I'm going to go to you. I'm going to go to you. I'm going to go to you. No, he went to pen.
Oh, he's an Ivy League boy. That explains it. 12 13 at 5 60 WQM. If you're still a doglet around July. The fourth is coming up on Friday.
And barbecue's the Laura's waiting for you with the biggest range of Weber grills and accessories. All the good stuff you're looking for.
They're a fantastic barbecue starting with the Weber smoky Joe portable charcoal grill. This one is under 28 bucks.
Even you shlupers out there can afford this one. It's the perfect real for any picnic July, fourth or any other day.
And nobody can be barbecues. Glores incredible selection of top quality grills. They got them all you name it. They got it. They got a full on the grills, including Weber, Viking, Jenner, Burrow, mate.
And lots of exclusive grills you won't find any place else in the world like the turbo barbecue chef cook on a captain cook all at the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere.
Right now take advantage of barbecues. Glor of no payments. Same as cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
This week and what a week to be doing. Take home the amazing three burner cook on grill. A barbecue's galore exclusive. This one comes with a host of great features.
Normally only found on more expensive grills like 42,000 par with the BTU is porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and in generous 625 square inch cooking area.
You will find another grill like it for the price now just 349 bucks and only at barbecues galore perfect for that July, fourth cook out. Don't forget you're in the love shopping in the store because the people are friendly.
They know their crap and set it out and whatever you're looking for. They got it. Barbecues, the lower is America's best barbecue store.
You'll find an implantation on university driving a fountain shopping center called 954 4234 and Carl springs on a corner sample road in Rock Island roads and numbers 954 7576668.
Everything under the sun for a great barbecue is waiting for you at barbecues galore.
We're supposed to be on 560.
2 am.
Absolutely.
Michael is there two rings.
It took you two rings to answer what are you doing over there?
I'm sorry. I just couldn't reach the phone.
I can reach the world. One ring.
I'm sorry. Get on the ball over there.
We all hung over out with your mighty dick.
Who sir? The hockey kid.
Oh, the N.I. Mighty Ducks. Oh, what a successful story.
Oh, whatever. Sell it. Sell it.
Sell it.
That team. They're terrible. So they're in the Stanley Cup finals.
What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the national.
I say that I'm not in the sport anyway. I'm not a porn mouse.
Forget about the ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it?
Well, I did. So we remember we had that.
Oh, I'd be terrible.
And I see you hanging out with that straight brand on your hat.
You look like a moron next to Charlie Sheen.
No, no, no, that was Emilio Estabez, the star of the mighty dick.
They can't. It's the same kid. Terrible.
The mighty Ducks. I mean, they really are entertaining.
It's a great family down here.
I don't care about the dick.
What?
Hang on a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you, Ravens?
Oh, nothing will, boss.
You're almost white.
Yeah, I'm pale, boss. Oh, has some bad Chinese.
Some bad Chinese.
Yeah, better downtown, boss.
Lean.
Lean's a panda.
Whatever, boss, I, I've got to go.
I'll get away from you.
You think like a brewery.
Oh, my God.
Oh, come on.
Yes, sir. Well, things are going very well over here.
You know, we have the mighty Ducks and the Stanley Cup Final.
Terrible, so, um.
And we also have the Finding Nemo movie, which is doing very, very well.
Yeah, Andy Grimo, let me ask you a question.
Yes, sir.
Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk?
And the thing made $70 million?
What kind of deal do we have with Pixar?
Well, we sort of...
Wait a minute.
I'm not...
Did you do it?
I think I pulled myself off.
You pulled yourself.
We've got to get out of the office, we're...
My, oh, my.
My, oh, my, horrible day.
I need to stick up in here.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
Prepare after me, aye.
Aye.
And...
And idiot.
And idiot.
Bye, aye.
Okay, well, sir, would you like tickets for the mighty Ducks?
I told you to sell the Ducks.
Ducks?
Change the name of that thing anyway.
We'll change the name.
Yeah, if we got to keep it, make it done, the Mises.
The Mises? What are Mises?
Mises, more than one mouse.
That just mice?
Yeah.
Are you correct in me?
No, sir.
No, no, sir.
Hey, you stink!
I can't even walk forward.
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
I'm sorry, sir.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Are you talking about this?
This is not the forel show where we start getting into the graphic fecal discussion.
OK.
You're trying to keep straight what show you're on.
OK.
OK.
They rub feces in their hair.
And then they pittle their dr...
After they smear it all over their goods, then they sell it to the beast.
And he rolls it up and puts it in his mouth and smokes it.
Some good stuff.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hi.
Yes.
I'll save the steths.
I don't keep cutting off.
The coley caulkin.
The coley caulkin's obnoxious and disgusting and excellent choice.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, Michael's action agrees, right?
Excellent choice.
Grab him.
He hasn't been at anything lately though.
That's OK.
They're just covering their ass.
OK.
Just in case he ever pops up again, they want to make damage to you.
They don't see him.
He's annoying and just nauseating.
In fact, most of those little kid actors and actresses that most of them are just really...
U-H.
Like the broad that plays the Phillip and Beth's daughter on guiding light, that little blonde
bitch, just like the slap.
I mean, she may be a very nice little girl, but she's just an actress.
But she's perfect for that role.
She plays the snottyest, most troublemaking, devious little bitch.
Just like a slap, right along the side of the head.
Oh, there's a buddy hack.
They showed a nice picture of buddy hack.
And he's dead in case you've been sleeping, folks.
Place you've been high and out of the bed.
They haven't dropped any weapons yet, but they did find buddy hack its body.
He's dead.
79.
I don't think anybody didn't like buddy hack it, you know?
I mean, he was a little on the abrasive side.
But people more and more alike in abrasive.
Look at the result we had for For All in Our Point yesterday.
It was sensational.
Only 27 negative hosts out of like 1700.
Far and away, the best like of all of us, including all of us, me, you put together.
They love him.
Which is the reason he's going to be filling out on Moe Show tomorrow or show next week.
In fact, pretty soon it's going to be all for all day.
How many hours do you think he could talk like that?
Do you think he can do that nonstop?
He touched it that all the time.
No, no, I'm aware of that.
But regardless of that, it seems to me that even if that's your normal speech pattern,
which it is now for him, how long can you do that without just tearing your larynx up?
Well, it depends how big your drugs the play is.
I see.
He would need a little help.
Maybe that's why the beast is producing his show.
Absolutely correct.
He got really parked off though those early days when he started the 8-10 thing.
And I made some comment about the beast and what a pain in the ass.
He got really bent on his shape.
Freed, we were going to cut off his supply.
Come into QAM.
QAM.
Nobody there?
How depressing.
WQAM, hello.
Retire.
Oh, he got it.
All right.
Retire.
That was a good reading day, sir.
Thank you so much.
Retire.
And we're tired of your crap.
That must be a podcast of his boyfriend.
Find a way, Paulie, man.
You're full of crap.
Okay, at least you're consistent.
Always full of crap.
And we start going to hire you.
Remember those times that there were at least two or three times.
That he was begging for a job at QAM.
Muff can tell you and clearance the same thing.
And then every time I went out of money, I read about it.
Oh, he's a liar.
I never did that either.
Bull crap, okay.
At least twice that I can be called in the last two or three years.
This man has pleaded and begged for that morning gig on QAM.
And then goes on here and denies it.
So not only are you stealing everybody's material, Paulie, but you're full of crap.
Your pants are in fire.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Ferrisoura.
In fact, I think that is a good match.
I think that's a great match made in heaven.
27 past noon at 5, 60 WQ.
I'm going to have the mad dog at two.
The Humper is in the studio.
Huff assignment today and an entire two and a half hours four to 630.
Marlon's on deck, the pre-game at 630.
Marlon's host of Braves again, 705 tonight.
They're looking their chops as usual.
Eddie K follows the baseball game.
Joe and Mark over night two to five at 8am.
And tomorrow morning, no more.
What was that vacation tomorrow?
I'm going to have a drink.
We had to have like billboards up for that.
No more and morningly, the coast is clear right now.
No more.
The oldie and the amateur for else shows up about six.
Don't you think he ought to?
No, that means I don't have to get here at six.
No, you wouldn't because he's already.
You already got Zack and Robert in there.
You don't have to be.
Why? You have to be there for him to do the show?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ah.
Hey, you know what?
A guy's hair is falling out in the clumps when you're starting to look like the beast on a bad day.
When you have that gigantic bald spot that's like when you look like the golden Buddha.
That means it's time to get you some hair.
So many ways you can do that.
Everybody in his brother now is in a hair replacement business.
Everybody that looks like a dead muskrat.
So if it is even worse than that.
And then we got the guy selling you the dangerous pills, the holes drilled in your head, all of these things.
Or you got Charles Alfier, who is the best for more than 35 years now.
Chuck's been designing and supplying hair for the real big shots.
The show is people and for every day people like you folks do.
Because no price in the world would buy a better looking head of hair that isn't the real thing.
And that's the great part about the natural hairline system.
It looks like the real thing like it's really your hair grown out of your scalp.
And right now Charlie's offering a summer special hair system, only 549 bucks per first-on customers.
If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of hair systems including shampoo and trim as well.
So give Charlie a try.
You got to have to lose but that shiny bald spot.
Because if you try one of his hair systems for 30 days, if you know of the way it looks and feels and smells, return it and get your money back.
Charles Alfier, the benchmark of the hair industry, call him tool free and change your life forever.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or check him on the web at Charlesalfierry.com.
And I'm on the mall.
This is 420Lights at 2AM.
We need again if we don't wind up down from the bush cartel that left us all the space.
Let's go to the wall.
Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore.
The price of cash is too long but I'm afraid that the money won't be very long.
We'll meet again with a hold that by the way.
Civil rights will be restored on sunny day.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down from the bush cartel that left us all the space.
We'll meet again with a hold that by the way.
Civil rights will be restored on sunny day.
1232-560-WDQM.
Happy Tuesday. Happy Canada Day.
Big day here today.
It's a major, major holiday. Nothing going on.
Even so, the newspapers ain't printing today.
Here's somebody says Eric Roberts, which ordinarily I would agree and the coincidentally.
I just see that movie with him in Dean Kane last week.
What that was called, no something. No Schmidt, no something.
And he was actually pretty good at it.
He played a real nasty, miserable, mean-spirited prick.
He was the a villain.
So, ordinarily I would agree with the Eric Roberts.
People longzone there. People can't stand him.
How about Bill Pash then?
It says he is the worst that'd rather hear George on here than see a film with that guy in it, which I guess is saying a lot.
You know what's on there?
I thought the way it started in the first few minutes, I thought it was going to be like a four hour attack, which really would be bad.
It says maybe a passion isn't that bad, but I don't like it.
Maybe you've seen the big Lebowski yet.
No.
No, I have not.
I just saw it.
And?
I loved it.
Did you?
Yeah.
But what would Neil?
Who's the one that's telling me not to see it, George?
George and I are both.
I don't know if George has seen it. I don't think it's for you.
Why? Because they pee on somebody's leg or something?
Well, yeah, actually, you might like it.
I'm not into it, but I might try it.
Sure.
In fact, Aaron from the previous high couples contest number two of Aaron wanted to pee on my leg.
I might, you know, I might extend it.
This article about Uncle Ray's gonja and chips is kind of amusing.
So what's the verdict?
Should I get that or not?
Because, you know, me, I go into the video store and I start getting a whole bunch of stuff.
I can't find frailty yet. There's still a lot of stock.
Don't have it.
It'll give you something to talk about.
Just get it.
And if you don't like it, you can blame me.
Or I can just shut it off like it would train spotting.
There is no chance that that disc is ever make it back into my CD player DVD.
Whatever the hell that thing is.
And no chance.
It's making it into my DVDs.
That is the most grotesque.
Just, oh.
I'm going to relabel a CD of DVD and make you want to do that movie somehow.
Really?
Yeah.
I thought you liked this job.
Oh, yeah.
I thought you needed this job.
That's what I'm hearing.
Yeah.
Des Moines Iowa woman bought a bag of potatoes.
I've had a convenience store but discovered more than munchies in the bag.
Lois Campbell 42 of Des Moines opened a small sack of Uncle Ray's garlic flavored chips.
I don't know if I found another little bag inside.
We were eating a few of the chips and I was about to give some to my three year old child, Campbell.
Said I thought it was a little bag of seasoning inside when I saw what it was.
I called the police.
A police report said the contents of the heat seal bags smell like marriage wini.
Oi!
Oh my god.
Uncle Ray's, Gonja and chips.
I think we ought to open a place like there right in the corner there would be good.
That's right.
Right behind Chuck's.
Seriously different narrow water, police seat, different narrow water.
The leafy substance and the chips were seized as evidence.
The Gettin-Ghostur were camp-getting go.
The Gettin-Ghostur were Campbell bought this next to take to the rest of Uncle Ray's chips off at Shell.
Said Mandy Lockridge.
The chips were packaged in Detroit Lockridge said.
Oh, they don't got none of that bad weed in Detroit.
They only got the good stuff.
To find out what was in there they'll have to trace it back to Detroit, she said.
All the bad stuff at all.
The guns, violence, burning places down all comes back to Detroit.
Absolutely correct sir.
It's used to be so great.
That's a great idea though, great marksets.
They have the chips.
You have the munchies right there.
Right.
That's right.
You've got to smoke it and you've got the chips right there.
Absolutely correct.
What a fantastic combination.
And you can have your friend with him and Lauren is a rostaheur in his locks.
He can be behind the counter.
No, no, no.
No, no.
The parents were in the room too.
That'd be great.
At the get and go with old Mo.
Yeah, Mo's going to need something to do once for all starts taking over six to eight.
We can have him like behind the counter to the convenience store.
And maybe while you're picking up a few things he can be picking a few things.
He can be behind the counter.
Oh my.
Oh, here I'll package that.
I'll wrap that pickled egg up in some an unwaxed paper here for you, sonny.
Oh, he sure could add some flavor to it.
Can they five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the eight TNT and Verizon wireless line coming to Q.
I am.
Yeah, I looked and had a name to the list.
Go right ahead, sir.
And talk to me.
Was that possible?
You're talking to him right now.
Yeah, sir.
Yes, sir.
Ed Norton is definitely Edward Norton.
I don't know how this guy became an actor.
He's annoying.
He's got a voice like us.
I'd rather see Norton from the honeymoon or is any day?
I would rather see Nora from the honeymoon or is any day.
This guy and I watch a movie with this guy.
I got I've got through more TV sets.
If my wife didn't give me some control.
OK, I got it down, Polly.
Thanks.
Thank you, buddy.
Come down.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound.
I'd rather see Norton from the honeymoon or is any day, wouldn't you?
He actually had.
He actually had an amazing performance with another one of your favorite actors.
Who's that?
Richard Geer.
Oh, he was an LV with Richard Geer.
Richard Geer was his lawyer.
Did we ever put Richard Geer on here?
Yeah.
We did?
Where the hell is he?
It's got to be somewhere up there.
I don't think he's on his list.
No, because of Richard.
Oh, there he is.
He's only got two votes.
You got to be Schmitt me, man.
Richard Geer's only got a pair.
God.
Get with it, folks.
You're really slacking off.
Whoopee's got 78.
Leo's got 47.
Barbara Streisand 31.
Will Smith 23.
Slice the loan 23.
John Clam, Goddamn 23.
That's a popular number.
Sandra Bullock 22.
They're doing that just to piss me off.
I don't care.
She don't care whether she's taken it.
She's laughing all the way to the bank.
Paulie Shore 21.
Adam Sandler 20.
Patrick Swayze 18.
Steven Seagal's got a dozen.
Julia Roberts 11 and single digits after that.
5.670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Let me tell you about some folks who are the best at what they do in the universe.
And that's dry concepts.
To me, it's inconceivable.
After using these people in my house for over 20 years now,
inconceivable that there could be anybody anywhere.
Do a better job of making your carpets look just like brand new.
The choice is yours.
Maybe your carpets are a little bit on the older side.
They look like pretty bad and they smell bad too.
Before you spend a ton of money and waste a lot of cash buying brand new carpeting,
car good friends and dry concepts.
Even the nastiest living carpeting in the world,
they'll perform a miracle on your floor because they dry clean your carpets.
They suck out even the deep down here way in the fibers of your carpet.
Make them look and smell and feel just like brand new.
They smell em and they fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours and you'll be amazed.
It's just this dupentist job they do for you.
And you never have to worry when you call dry concepts because there's no rip offs.
No tack onto the price when they finish the job to give you a written guaranteed price
before they start the job on your carpeting, your drapery, your expensive area rugs and oriental rugs,
your poultry, leather furniture.
And if you have problems with pet orders and milled orders caused by water damaging again,
dry concepts will perform a miracle right there and your home and make them disappear like crazy.
Call dry concept today tool free.
You'll never use anybody else again.
Call them at 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
It's the truth when you call dry concepts you clean today and you can entertain tonight.
Ride and local, your sports radio 560s, you a.m.
So big.
You won't be hearing Mark Albert announcing sports anymore, but now you can hear him sing.
Or the first time ever on his new CD.
If you want my kick and chakets, get the things I like to request.
Like some panties in a dress and another guy.
And I'll say yes.
Everybody's gonna want to say yes when they hear Mark Albert and the do you want to bite my ass, brass.
Do you know what a thing's that get me hot?
He's wearing panties without a crutch.
We're dancing around with my diaper on making all over my show.
And they go squishy when I squarter.
Yes, I really flip my wig over ugly Hispanic kids.
He gets me excited to bite the cellulite on their hips.
Be my friend.
Yes, bite me man.
Yes, you like to pull my dingy.
Mark Albert and the do you want to bite my ass, brass.
Available now at Rotman's All Night Pretty Things in Borrio.
Didn't Mark replace somebody that we all love and know on Monday Night Football on the radio?
Yes, absolutely.
1244 at 560 WQA at 567 O560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Now line nine, what's it been?
How many days has it been since we had a real call in line nine?
About third man.
Because it's always that same Jack as WQA and line nine.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
A real call, I can't believe it.
Neil.
Yes.
Yes, I was watching the Wall Street Channel last week and Tyler Mathison.
We're introducing Rick Sanchez to come on next.
And he said, and next we're going to have the man that Rick Sanchez loves to hate.
Neil Rogers.
What does that mean?
It was just very funny that he would he would mention.
I don't understand.
What does that mean?
I have no idea that's all he said.
You know, he turned to the camera with face towards the audience.
Yeah.
And he said that the man that Rick Sanchez loves to hate.
Neil Rogers.
I'm sure that had tremendous significance to the national audience watching.
Well, no, maybe the people in Florida though.
Okay, well, thanks for having me.
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too.
Do you have any, you know what that must be?
That must be a, what's his name, ideal.
Ted David, they used to call this show constantly chronically until I started really ripping the gambling channel
and ask which they deserve.
Must be maybe Ted David turned everybody else at CNBC onto this show.
You think that's possible?
You think that's possible?
Sure.
Hola.
You guys, I'm telling you you guys are you eating?
Are you guys eating now?
Is that what's going on?
Oh, there's no food.
We didn't order food at all.
Why not?
Oh, speaking of the gambling channel.
Look at the bad news.
All right.
Also more on Miriam Webster's newest.
That was down 90 points and as next down 18, precuriously close to going under 16 hundred again.
The Dow is under under 9000 and down 91 point.
Yeah, but everything's looking up roses, man.
Everybody's working now and things are really going great.
How's that being?
You just wait till we invade Iran.
5670.
I still don't understand that whole thing.
See, when you have an international audience like CNBC does, why would you mention somebody that nobody has any idea who you're talking about?
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
To suggestion is Rob Snyder on the list?
I don't think so now.
Oh, he should be.
OK.
Absolutely should be a comedic range from A to B.
Yeah.
And Jeanine Garafalo.
Oh.
Can't spander.
OK, we got him down.
All right, sir.
Thanks, Bally.
Thank you.
Happy Canada Day to you.
5670.
The calls about George have stopped.
Thank God.
That poor little bastard was taking a beating there for about what?
Five minutes.
And I'm pretty proud of this audience.
They had an opening there.
We get open the door wide open for them just to abuse and bruise and tatter him.
But I think maybe the early comments to the fact that George has no personality and he's not funny and his boring is listening to paint dry.
I think maybe that covered their feelings, you know?
Those people are a negative.
And it wasn't going to bother you then.
What's the point?
It will bother me a lot.
5670560.560 on the AT&T.
And I guarantee you that our programming brain trust is sitting in their offices now.
Digging for dollars just like Mo does.
And they're probably, huh?
They're at lunch.
Well, like I said, after the three hour lunch, they're sitting in their office hanging on everywhere.
Wow.
Maybe he's really going to reconsider.
Maybe we should stick for a while on there.
You know what?
You know the bottom line.
Monday, Wednesday and Friday, these next two months starting next Monday.
I don't give a crap what they put on.
How do you like that?
I mean, that I'm being perfectly honest with you.
I'm not going to be here on those days.
I will not be on here those three days under any circumstances.
And that's it.
And whatever else they put on.
Good luck to you guys, okay?
W-D-Q-A-M.
All right.
I got a website you guys are talking about all the routes and stuff.
Yeah.
It's called the Jam Dunk Dixiary.
It's a note pun intended on the title of J-A-M.
G-U-M-G.
And it's a sweet dictionary of a cop.
You're making POT-WAR.
Really?
Yeah.
Is that POT-WAR or POT-WAR?
POT-WAR.
Yeah.
I'm a cop of cloud and routes cloud and all that stuff.
Okay.
And I just thought you guys would be interested.
Jam Dunk Dixiary.
Yeah.
J-A-M-D-U-M-G.
Got it.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
All right.
No problem.
Have a good one.
Ever Jam Dunk?
5-6-7-0-5-60.
In fact, when you see Mo next time, when it comes back from vacation, when you do the Cross-Revident
o'clock, you might just want to ask him that.
Hey, Mo, every Jam Dunk?
Every day.
W-Q-A-M.
I like how that name commutes it.
Speaking.
Morice.
Hi, Morice.
How you doing?
Pretty good, yourself.
Not too bad.
Let's go to Morice.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, how you doing?
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah.
Good luck to the 911 and the pediatric thing.
Yeah.
I've got a display and buy the entire thing.
I want to add an empty list.
You got Wuppie Goldberg on there?
Wuppie Goldberg.
That's a good one.
Okay.
I cannot stand here.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
See you at the Get & Go.
Why didn't we think to put Wuppie Goldberg on there?
Although, look at that.
Immediately, she got 80 votes, just like magic.
Wow.
She's in the first place.
That was instant.
Nice work, guys.
Wuppie's got 80.
Leota Capri was got 47.
Barbra Streisand crossed eyes, big nose.
Nasty.
She can't act for Schmidt.
She's got 34.
Plus, you know, like I said before, there are certain.
That's a good poll too.
Which of these people do you consider a walking ad for anti-semitism?
She's got to be on the top of that list.
And she right near the top.
Who?
How Goldstein?
Jerry Seinfeld.
How Goldstein?
Jerry Seinfeld, definitely.
How Goldstein is a walking ad for anti-semitism?
Maybe like a sitting ad, not a walking ad.
A squatting ad.
I don't think I've ever seen her.
I think I've just heard his voice.
Then then why would you say that?
Why would you say he's a walking ad for anti-semitism?
Just because he says...
I'm a fat Jew.
Yeah, that's all.
He's got his own problems.
Leave me alone.
Let me go, Bergadier, Leo de Caprio 47.
It's strictly a tourist race.
Barbara Strachan, small potatoes.
But if we did that poll on who's a walking ad for anti-semitism,
and then of course there'd be those people getting all bent out of shape,
it just happens to be true.
Every minority has a stereotype.
That would be like saying, which of these actors or actresses
is a walking ad for homophobia?
You know?
Charles Nelson Riley.
Who's the...
What's the Jim J. Bullock?
See where I'm going with this?
There are people who just look and act like the stereotype that everybody says,
Ah, it's a fag.
It's a kike.
You know, whatever they say.
I look at Carlos at the front desk.
Very excellent choice.
Oh, good gravy.
Man.
Too bad we missed him here this weekend,
although I guess we had enough hundreds of thousands of others.
I'm sorry, I just...
I never even went outside when all that stuff was going on.
I was watching my once-in-pond time in America
for our audition,
while the big gay pride parade was going on here Sunday.
Because I just don't think that being gay means that you're like dressed up like some kind of a fruitcake
and missing and...
I don't want to be associated with that.
I mean, more power to those guys.
That's so what their bag is fine.
Just leave me out.
And the same thing with the Jerry Sanfah.
It's...
And basically with the ant pessiminity, it's like a New York Jewelty.
You also have to be from New York.
Mmm.
Richard Drifers, there's another one.
Makes my skin crawl.
W-D-Q-A-N.
N-E-O?
Yes, I am.
Hey, Neil, long time...
Third time call.
Okay.
I'm working it down.
First of all, let me say, I hate Adam Sandler like...
What a passion, like poison.
He's got no talent.
I don't think he's funny.
Third and I, well, I was never funny.
But...
You kind of blew off a guy a couple weeks ago called...
I did.
Talking about movies.
Uh...
To tell you about Punch Drunk Love.
I gotta tell you, I hate Adam Sandler.
Yeah.
Great movie.
And it's in the video stores now.
You gotta rent it.
Hmm.
Well, obviously he's not playing that same stupid character
that he plays in all the other movies, is he?
No, no.
He's like a...
He's like a wimpy kid who never stands up for himself.
Yeah.
And he somehow been like, moderately successful in some junky little...
warehouse business.
But I'm not gonna give it away, but...
Yeah, it has nothing to do with him, in a sense.
But I'll tell you what, it's a great movie and a great...
You know, we had a fact about that earlier.
We had the fact that we said it was sensational.
Yeah.
And I went and rented Ray Quinn for a dream because you talked about it.
Right.
And I saw the 3M.
Moholendrive, Magnolia, and the mental...
Right.
It's a great service to find out that there's like...
This is like literature on film, you know?
Or it's like you're getting a great story, not just...
You know it.
Thrown around your head, thrown around for about two hours or so.
Right.
I agree.
All right, that's all I got.
Thank you, Neil.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
I wrote it down.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And what was that?
What was that?
Crabby, cranky?
What was the name of that reviewer that gave two cherries or whatever it was through, uh,
Rekbim?
Mr. Cranky?
Mr. Cranky.
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Rekbim?
Did you see this or not?
No.
I told you.
I can't find the unedited version.
And did I tell you that Duff has gone it?
I know, but he's not lunch.
I can't get it from him.
Now's the good time to go in here and, like, rifle through his desk.
He's got something.
Got something to tell you.
That's what the partologist said.
He said, you'd be amazed.
I'm dying over here.
See, generally I find that people who don't like movies like Rekbim for dream and Magnor
and those kind of movies are people who are stupid.
Those are the same kind of people who would go to see Arnold Schwarzenegger and slice the
low movies.
That's their speed.
You know what I mean?
Everybody's got to find their own level.
They're just stupid because they don't understand it.
And then, like, the stupid review there.
But, wow, this is so obvious.
Everybody knows that everybody's hooked on drugs.
Yeah, right.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line are gigantic.
One to two are them.
We got the mad dog at two.
Don't forget we're giving away Marlon tickets to everybody who calls.
Are we?
No.
Now, let me ask you something because I only hear like the last two or three minutes of
four out of five after eight, 15.
Yeah.
Now, how long does he get one of these days like tonight when he's got his big Marlon
bash?
Just going at the ballpark.
How long does he give those tickets away for?
What do you mean?
Like, about 30 minutes.
He's in the series like it days in the Vangerine?
No, I mean, like, how what part of the show and what time does he start giving those tickets away?
Whatever he randomly feels like it.
But once, let's say yesterday he gave some away.
So today all show that's all anyone wanted was the tickets.
So once he starts, he can't stop.
Well, what time did he start?
Like, 803.
About 830.
Come on.
Damn, serious.
He gave away Marlon tickets for an hour and a half today?
Off it on, yeah.
And then it gets to the point where people don't even want to have a conversation.
They just say, give me the tickets.
That's it.
You know, I always like to job, George does.
He may not be exciting.
He's not assimilating.
He doesn't have a great sense of, well, he has a great sense of humor, but not, he doesn't express it.
In other words, he's not a funny guy.
But I've always thought that George was rock solid, you know what I mean?
Wimpy, weak.
Has a weak voice, little on the swishy side sounding.
FAAAINING!
But, 12, he never gave away no Marlon tickets.
12, 57 at 5, 60 at WQM.
If you're in a really dead end job, man, look kind of like Mo.
You know what I'm talking about?
Absolutely.
If you can see the end on the hand writing in a wall.
Maybe college is too expensive because the training you need to just takes too long.
You don't have four years.
If you can afford ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months,
FAAAINING!
Can help you achieve your new high-paying computer career.
That's absolutely correct.
Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify.
So call FAAAINING!
And get your life out of that rut and get under the road to a real job and a big fat one and a paycheck too.
Call FAAAINING!
866 FAAAINING!
And with four locations in town, there is bound to be one convenient to where you live.
So call them and talk to a trained career counselor.
FAAAINING!
The training offers day-evening weekend schedules, job placement, hands-on training too.
Call FAAAINING!
Today be sure to tell them that cranky old-neil told you to call 866 FAAAINING!
Their deferred payment is valid for a year.
Regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody an underpaid debt and job are just looking to increase your net worth.
Call FAAAINING!
Tool-free!
1-866 FAAAINING!
Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web.
Be sure to tell them that tied direct-torted call by the way.
Give them a good chuckle.
Check them out on the web at fasttrained.com.
Infl'RE here!
MY LIFE!

Fang let me go!

A-neil tonight.
I need another abortion and I need it fast.
I feel like a baby hanging out in my ass.
I'm hobbling and having trouble lifting my feet.
I'm in it with the fake at lines down the street.
It's the abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
The vazigatti and trouble.
Clean me out on the double.
Strap me in the stubs at the fetus out of my veins.
Wreck them.
Thanks from the juices that I have in store.
And lactating milk all over my shirt.
I'm walking like a ham-taken baby steps.
At the markslam, a pubic ace spread and stretched
It's the abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
Get the hanger on the double.
Abortion shuffle.
The fun of waterfall.
Strap me in the stubs.
Get the fetus out of my veins.
101 or 5 60-Wedding Kilmachard Gigantic,
102-hour new book outlines drugs and violence.
All right.
In JFK Jr's marriage.
See instead of wasting your time on a Hillary book
which is really very, very, it's boring.
Here's something you might like.
By the time they died in 1999 playing crash,
John F. Kennedy Jr. and his wife, Carolyn Bassett,
were living a life of drugs, separate beds, and violence.
According to a new book by Kennedy Family Bographer Edward Klein,
excerpted in Vanity Fair on yesterday.
In the Kennedy curse,
why tragedy is haunted America's first family for 150 years,
Klein said the two days before he died,
Kennedy, the only son of a sesinated president,
JFK told a friend his marriage was deteriorating.
It's got to stop.
Otherwise, we're headed for a divorce, Kennedy told a friend.
In a call from the Stanhope Hotel,
where Klein said he took refuse from his wife's cocaine habit
and violent temper.
How do you like that?
Can you imagine the Kennedys with a drug problem?
I want to have kids, but whenever I raise the subject with Carolyn,
she turns away and refuses to have sex with me.
Here, a Kennedy told a friend he had picked out a name Flynn
for the son he dreamed of having.
Klein quoted Bassett's fashion industry friends as saying
it was known she was a heavy user of drugs
and the Kennedy caught her snorting lines of cocaine.
With friends at the couple's New York apartment,
you were a co-cat Kennedy's scream to his wife.
A staff member from Kennedy's political magazine,
George, told a bit dinner in which Bassett made a least
half a dozen trips to the bathroom.
Returning to the table with white ring.
Returning to the table with white rings around her nostrils.
We went from the bar to bar as she wanted to come over to my apartment,
but I said no because I knew it would be an all nighter,
the friend said.
I dropped her off at 3 in the AM.
The next morning, Kennedy asked why the staff
from his wife were out so late, the staff member replied,
a better question is why your wife didn't want to go home.
How do you like that, huh?
And according to friends, Kennedy worried that
Carolin was cheating on him with old flame Michael Bergen,
a Baywatch actor and former model of Calvin Klein underwear.
They continued their affair even after Bassett had moved in with Kennedy,
Klein, a vanity fair contributing editor,
as well as Kennedy's biography B.C.
Kennedy goes on and on.
What's the name of the book?
The Kennedy curse.
I'm going to go out and get it today.
It's yours how beats the hell out of this damn Hillary book.
Don't get the Hillary book.
Please save your money.
It sucks.
The Kennedy curse.
You writing this down?
Huh?
Of course.
Why?
I don't know.
The Kennedy curse, why tragedy is haunted America's first family
for 150 years by Edward Klein.
Go to go out and get that two day, baby.
If it's, I don't even know if it's out on the market.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
For the rest of the day about actors and actresses,
you cannot stand who are so bad, who you despise, so grotesquely,
and so strongly that if you find out they were in a movie,
you would not go see it for lover money.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hola.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Speak to me, yes.
Who's this?
This sounds like Neil to me.
Neil?
Yes.
Oh, sorry, it isn't Woody.
Woody Grayburn, are you doing all right?
Oh, my God.
I knew it was some kind of a slowpoke Jesus Christ, Woody.
Sir, I have a little bit of sleep today.
I thought Terminator 3 last night.
Now we'll do it.
Oh, car scene chase was great, but other than that, forget it.
Okay.
But do you have Charles Grodin on your list?
Oh, one of my least favorite people in the world.
Oh, God.
That guy just totally turns me off.
This is a guy that I think he was the beginning of the end for MSNBC.
Remember when they put him on there?
Oh, totally.
Charlie Grodin, G-R-O-D-E, and he is the most self-absorbed.
He even makes Keith Olberman look modest by comparison.
That's what an egotistical jackass, Charles Rodinus.
Yeah, I mean, like whenever I see his name, he has a state here, his name, his voice.
I just, you know, totally turn off.
Totally turn off.
I remember one of his commentaries in MSNBC when he was going on pontificating about Howard Stern
and about the shock, jocks on radio, and about how we need to get all these people off the air
and clean up the airways.
And he was going through this big long, self-righteous bunch of crap.
I wanted to puke.
He's an idiot.
Oh, totally.
The guy just really just rubbed me totally the runway.
I just want to, I just run here and run.
Totally up the correct it.
How's things going?
What are you okay?
I'm doing fine.
I'm doing fine.
I missed George.
Yeah.
But, you know, you know, things have been going good.
It can't complain.
Excellent.
Take care of yourself, Woody.
All right.
You take care of yourself too.
Next time you call, I'll respond when I speak to you, okay?
I will certainly try.
Respond when you're spoken to.
Have a great day, Woody.
You too, Dale.
Say goodbye.
Bye-bye.
5670560, pound 5650, Charles Rodinus.
I'm so glad Woody Graber called in, which I really would say that.
But in this case, I am.
Oh, maybe Woody had some tickets for us to give away.
Huh?
You have to be joking me.
Come on.
You know, don't tell me.
The guy's only on for two hours.
Everybody loves him.
Maybe that's why they like him.
He's giving away freebies the whole show.
A guy with his wacky personality and all of his stuff he's got going.
He's giving away Marlon tickets.
You'd almost think that that.
I mean, that's like a way of buying calls, giving away tickets.
You know what I'm saying, Beast?
I understand what you're saying.
Yeah.
And you're, of course, not going to say anything because you need to get.
I don't think he's buying calls.
Well, what's the point?
Because he has this very good relationship with the Marlins.
He wants to help them out.
Oh, my God.
I know.
Oh, no.
Like I said, George does a fine job on his show.
Okay.
That's the final word on that.
I mean, see, again, I understand he's coming from a good spot.
His heart's in the right place.
But he hasn't lived here.
It's you all of the Wayne business and the John Henry business.
And the big one for the stadium business and all of this other trying to be the dead horse, you know, trying to.
Read some life and we ain't going to happen.
It ain't going to happen.
Give him a chance.
He'll figure it out.
He'll figure what out that it's like.
He already told me that off the air.
It almost be a ruse.
Because he already admitted that to me the first week of the first day I met him.
He said, oh, I know it's, you know, all a bunch of crap.
He knows that nobody's going to show up there.
I guess it's a good way to get laid.
That's what Bina Boy said.
And that's why it wasn't there that you got laid.
It was a treasure island.
So now what's the deal is George doing a treasure island thing this week or is that next week?
We're doing it on Friday.
We're doing it July 4th.
Well, that's why he asked me this morning when he came in before he went home puking his bets out.
He said, you think I really am going to take the day off because he's doing the treasure island thing Friday night.
And I said, you bet your sweet ass you're going to take the day off.
Nobody else is working.
Wait till the audience hears the schedule for Friday on the 4th of July.
But your high pay talent like we got on QAM is not going to be showing up on the 4th of July including yours truly.
That's another thing.
Howard was visibly angered and upset this morning at the fact that the people that I was going to do his show.
Oh, is that for real?
I thought that was a put on.
No, no, he's like was yelling.
Absolutely.
I heard that part of his show when he was doing that righteous indignation and there ought to be Robert.
Now, but it says here on my schedule Curtis and Zach.
Is that incorrect?
Is that incorrect?
I heard I thought it was going to be Curtis.
We never had so much dead air on his show in the here.
I was looking for the schedule for the last.
The last I heard it was going to be Curtis and Len, but maybe Zach's in.
Well, on my schedule, which very well could be wrong because Clarence could make a schedule.
And since he had been spending so much time together, he doesn't have time for detail.
So we just whips this out.
His hands are busy.
Yeah, he whips this out real fast.
Curtis and Zach, but I guess it's Curtis and Len.
Well, that's the last I heard.
You mean Lenny Martez?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
No wonder he's pissed off.
I mean, Lenny's a good guy, but give me a break.
Lenny Marte, Len Matin.
Is going to be on the Howard Moore Howard Avershow?
Can you say it, Nooth?
Wow.
That is special.
Although again, he's going to be on vacation.
See, that's one of the many, many differences between me and Moe.
One of the many besides about five points in ratings.
Is the fact that, you know, he's obsessive.
You know, it's one thing to care about your show, which we all do.
We don't want to put, you know, a total bunch of crap on her.
But to be that obsessive, I want to be stuff of there right now.
He's very unprofessional getting that day he cried.
I was in the bullpen that they when he called guilty off the ear and demanded that they drag your ass out of there and didn't want.
And the guys on vacation he has the day off and he's listening.
Yeah, it wasn't allowed to do updates when he was gone on his show.
Boy, surely old fart.
Anyway, so somebody's going to be doing five days.
Somebody that Moe is very upset about to which we say,
Oh, right.
Yeah, we're happy about it.
Absolutely.
Then the beast is doing eight to 10.
You're filling it for for real, which makes sense because that's a,
you work his show anyway.
Right.
Now, whatever you did on our show on Thanksgiving, I won't do that ever again.
Don't do that again.
I don't remember what it was.
I don't want to talk that out of my memory.
Don't do that moment in my life.
Best of Neil 10 to two.
Be near boy, basically, you'll be doing the same thing he did on Memorial Day and did from all accounts,
a stupendous job of playing a lot of bits.
No best of Neil tape.
OK.
Don't be playing the fiddle and the Pope again or whatever that was.
Alien in the Pope.
No more.
Then from two to five thirty Friday, we got the big.
Oh, OK.
And believe me, those are the only days he ought to be on the air like special.
Special holiday.
He's such a nice guy, but oh, he's horrible on here.
Marlon's on deck at five thirty on Friday.
Five.
Bob, I'm third man.
Then at six or five, the Marlon's have to fill these because it's the fourth of July.
So they had that holiday special start and time.
Followed by many, many, many, many hours of ESPN radio because it's cheap.
It's there.
It's free.
And we just open up a pot and everybody has a nice July fourth.
Oh, there's a schedule for you.
Before you go to break.
Yeah, if we were to go to break our audio vault just crashed.
Oh no.
Yeah.
So let me give me a minute.
Let me run out there and see what the hell's going on.
OK.
We got a lot of spots this hour to be in her boy.
We can't afford to be like losing all that revenue.
You have to stay until midnight, math to cancel the Marlon game.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60L vamp here for a minute or two till it comes back in.
Give me the high sign when it comes back in.
OK.
I will.
Come to QAM.
QAM.
Can this be pressing?
See, it's great when you do a screenless because you get a million calls.
But then it's always the same.
You know, you think by now they'd understand how it works.
You know, you think.
Come to QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good to talk.
You may have been trying to make you a couple of days.
All right.
I ran a momentum over the weekend.
I haven't finished watching it.
I can't understand what's going on.
I've watched it for 10 minutes, a first 10 minutes.
Yeah.
What's with that guy?
I don't understand.
He's got a little memory problem.
OK.
Second.
He's got a short term now listen to me.
If you go online on eegs.com.
Right.
And click on where it says DVDs and go through there in alphabetical order.
If you scroll through to momentum,
there is a way that you can, if you find the Easter eggs on the DVD.
And there's a way you do it.
Very simple.
You click certain things on the menu.
You can watch it in chronological order.
So it's much less confusing.
In other words, it shows you from the beginning because what you're really watching is from the end back to the beginning.
And he's got this memory loss.
So it's enough to drive your nuts.
But don't do that.
The first time you watch it.
You can do that later on.
But the first time you've got to watch it.
I also rented train spotting.
I thought that interesting.
It's far too far along the dialogue.
But going from subtitle, he's not as famous going on.
And after me, it was pretty gross when he died.
He's a toilet.
Oh, not for me.
I can't handle it.
And last but not least, the orange rose so bad.
It got a hurricane in that for every couple of years.
Five, okay.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, you know, what happened with being a boy?
Is he still wandering around the hallway looking for a life?
I found Timmy.
Timmy's working on it.
He said to give him two, three minutes and he'll be back up.
He said, give it two or three minutes.
Well, I'll tell you what, we can stretch the balance for life spot out that far because the beast I'm sure has got a lot of comments to make about how well he was doing on it.
I was.
Yeah.
Then it all disappeared.
What do you mean by that?
It came back.
It was all gone.
One day just in show up at my door.
Oh, you're now.
Listen, this will come up for a month.
This is just hurry shut up for a minute.
Kick him in the side of the head.
No wonder for all gets upset.
Anyway, Todd Dreck faxes me the fast train locations.
Kendall Miami Pembroke Pines of Fort Lauderdale.
After I made that cost the comment, I love you, Neil Gotti writes Dreck.
Yeah, Dreck is the word man.
You are absolutely useless.
A man who just, if you asked him, what does the word work mean?
He looked at the, I have no idea what that means.
I haven't got a freaking clue.
Anyway, a lot of people have lost a lot of weight on balance for life.
Beast locked about 60 pounds before he turned into a real asshole and started getting run by the nose.
But at any rate, he was doing well.
He liked the food.
It was delicious.
And everything was a hunky dory.
And what I said until he screwed us over.
Let me tell you, you folks out there, the little black sack is the key to losing weight.
You've tried actins.
You've tried the grapefruit diet.
You've tried stillmen.
You've tried the, every diet under the sun, Jenny Craig and Weight Watchers and the Hez and the job for you.
Balance for life might do it because you might be one of those people out there who need some help.
You don't want to be counting calories or even cooking or shopping.
You don't have to do any of those things with balance for life.
They do it for you.
They deliver right here door, a nice little black sack every morning inside of which three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, just pass on a baba ganouge.
That's all.
Fill out that menu to all turn this for each meal every day to turn the program.
And the food is all balanced based on the zone diet.
The weight pours off your body.
And because there are five meals in there, five feedings, there's plenty to keep you full all day long.
So pick up that phone and the answer that you've been looking for for years to get yourself back in a good weight, back in the shape, and quit being lethargic and maybe on a verge or over the line to be in diabetes.
Balance for life. Here's the number. Are you diabetic? Can't find a way to be? No, you will be called 954-568-3229.
568-3229 or check them out on that wicked worldwide web and start loosening that weight results within just a matter of days.
Balance for life dot com.
Live and look up.
It's a resist for a 256.
You ain't too way.
Are you saying it's not ready yet?
No.
That's okay.
The whole building crashed.
Yeah, I wasn't going to go into the other control room and see if I could.
I thought for sure that between the Todd direct facts and a spot that we give them about a three minute spot, I thought for sure be ready by now.
Now, yeah, apparently it's not just ours, which is usually the case.
So I wanted to go to the other control room and the Curtis couldn't do it for us because his is down to.
Yeah.
So.
So we'll just continue rolling along.
I'll do the live spot and see this is another reason if we had somebody who knew how to make a log out.
Remember what?
Fear hours in the show where we had two minute breaks and all the other crap instead of having these all jammed into this hour.
Now where there's a whole bunch of spots that may or may not get played could cost a lot of money.
The WQM, which is what screwing gets really psychotic about.
How much he's charging this week.
You know who told me that.
Here's the fact that this is from Paul.
Could you please add your list spiked Lee that racist F.W.A.D.
I was never and will never see anything directed or movie with him in it.
Yeah, let's get spiked Lee on it.
Okay.
He thinks just because he's black he should win an Oscar for directing one of his schmitty movies.
Please play little brown coupe.
Oh, I haven't played that in a long time.
So so the verdict is why he's just going to keep working on this and maybe we will and maybe won't.
Right.
Okay.
Sounds reasonable to me.
I'm so proud when I got up so proud that I got this reason to be too black about to go for me down.
I must tell you what my car that's with Alex Brown.
His eyes are whole isn't drunk and the dentist is a dog.
And you can see the road through the whole of the floor.
It's my little round court.
I'm so proud when I got.
Absolutely.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's a 82-carola with one headlight.
So when it gets dark I get to use my friends.
When something breaks down, no it's not how to fix.
Because stuff tape and failing wire, plus the trick, it's my little round two.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
I never knew how to drive a car before, but they handed me the keys when I got too short.
I definitely need enough to make you really flip.
This one more thing, I got no place on it.
It feels up with water on the rainy day.
But the tape and the windows seems to work okay.
The front wheels start to shake when I try to steer.
And I can't get it out of second speed.
It's my little round two.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's my little round two.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's my little round two.
I'm at the local, Mississippi, five cities.
Ready as all yours.
You and me.
This place, nothing works here.
The medications on work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medications on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Very, very, very.
Don't again marry.
Absolutely.
Very, very, very.
Don't again marry.
Oh!
Delphiating homo soheets.
Yard again marry.
Homo has to go fur it off.
He's a queer homo.
Means and proof and a run of thing we.
With let it issues.
All I'm confused.
Delphiating you.
Who wears fancy?
On the river's shoes.
Very, though.
Me again.
Very, soheets.
Yard again marry.
Very, very, very.
And he's calling him married.
Delphiating homo now he's.
Yard again marry.
Don't stand up the white house homo.
Yes.
He's a fair and a dark,
Buddhist monk with a glow of dawn.
Of the darkness, God.
That's what he stole for.
That's he brought home and he never.
He stood on a road.
Very, though.
Sweeping, lifting, very, soheets.
Yard again marry.
Very, very, very, very.
He's gonna get married.
Delphiating homo, but he's gonna get married.
Homo has to come burry.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Homo has to come burry.
That really is a masterpiece.
124, 560, WQM, 555.
Look at that pool.
And that 555 votes.
Don't you love that?
And look at the people who have no votes.
Spike Lee just went on there.
Charles Groden, come on what he get with it.
Ed Norton, don't have any.
Eric Roberts, none.
That's a prize in a crew Russell, none.
Gina Gershon has none.
How about George Gershon?
He'll have any.
Actually, Judge got one, Brandon Fraser won.
I'm gonna go back to the top.
Okay, there's a whole bunch that aren't getting too many.
Whoopie Goldberg, which actor actress?
Would cause you absolutely, positively, not to see a movie if they were in it.
Whoopie's got 86.
Leo de Caprio, 50.
Barbara Streisand, 40.
Pauli, sure, 31.
Jean-Claude Goddamn, 30.
Slice the loan, 28.
Will Smith, by the bunch of other 26.
Here's the fact that says this one is ridiculous.
My wife says, all I mean, she's entitled to her opinion.
My wife says Clint Eastwood deserves to be on your pool.
She said she'd vote him in 100 times.
I personally think he's okay as the factor, and it also says no more mole.
Absolutely.
At the bottom.
Clint Eastwood, how could you put him on there?
Even if you don't like Westerns, even if you can't stand the fact that it sounds like his vocal cords have been snapped as a child,
and he could barely speak.
Playmasthee for me was good, right?
Among others.
I mean, I've just mentioned that one, because that's one of my favorite Clint Eastwood movies.
He was in a lot of good movies.
Besides all those stupid shoot-em-up movies.
What was the character?
Dirty Harry.
Well, I tell you, did they bring in some drives today or what?
You guys must be on Doggie Downers.
No.
Or is the transmitter off?
Or is this just a drive run?
This is a joke, and I've heard of April Fool's joke.
This has got to be an early July.
Maybe it's a candidate day joke.
I think I know what it is.
What's that?
The Beast isn't allowed to talk too much on the other show,
and usually on the third-choice on this show.
So we're having a little...
No, he...
That is true.
Well, it's a little bit late to be deciding this now.
You're filling George's rule today.
Now, one of the things people say George talks too much,
but they don't hate you as much as they hate George.
That's true.
You hate me more than you, like...
No, I don't.
You're one of those people you can't stay mad at.
You know, you're infuriating for a little while,
but then when they see you walk in in that truerubic baldhead,
and shining, radiating light all over the walls,
seriously, you just can't stay mad at the Beast.
Even the Abina Bowler would agree with that.
Can I get back on the sack?
With clearance?
No, I'm already on it.
I don't think I'm back on it.
Oh, you're talking about balance for light?
If you promise to stay with it, I'll pull some strings.
I will stay with it.
I have to lose 60 pounds by December,
because I have a wedding to go to.
I have to say...
60 more pounds?
Please...
I gave some back, so...
Oh, I don't want to know how many pounds he gained back.
BOTTERD MAN!
I don't want to know.
Give me a clue.
So I have to fit into a tux.
What letter of the alphabet does the number start with?
T.
From my lowest point on balance for life?
Yeah.
I've probably gained back about...
BOTTERD MAN!
Really?
Close to it.
That's half of what you lost.
I know.
It's...
It has been several months by the way for those people out there
are a little bit skeptical.
It's been many, many months now.
And...
You know, only this time if we do it, you can't...
You know what I remember?
This reminds me of...
This is like Beeneer Boy over the weekend,
which I haven't mentioned this on the air,
because it's too embarrassing.
Everybody deserves a second chance.
Now, in your case, you're getting a third chance.
And I would say, in both your cases, it's your last chance.
I could be really timescased.
Have you had the coffee, toffee, crunched by the way?
No, I stay away from that stuff.
Otherwise, there's like four pints going to be done in the side.
And I'm not anybody to talk about weight,
because this last week has been a disaster for me.
I've gained about five pounds since I came back here,
which is what now?
We can have...
Did you really eat seven clundite bars?
Yes.
Not just regular clundite bars, but clundite score
with score ice cream in the middle.
Oh, seven.
And I had five more, but I threw them out.
I ran.
I ran to the garbage.
I got a little garbage bag, and I ran to the garbage chute,
and I shoot it out.
See, I like to eat once I get going, I binge.
It's like, it's all over.
Or, nearly, I'm not like that.
But the problem is, if I...
See, you know how this works.
You buy more than you think you're gonna eat.
Right.
Even though in a backier mind, you know that if you have it...
It's like a drug addict.
If you have it around, you're gonna eat it.
If it's better, it's gone.
That is absolutely correct.
And you and I are the only ones who can...
Will admit this.
The rest of you people out there, you fat slabs.
We've seen you.
You lie like crazy.
I tried again last week when I admitted about the seven clundite bars.
Everybody thought that was most amusing and disgusting,
and they were right.
But I'm the only one.
You know, they want me to feel that way.
I know that you're full of crap.
Because I can see it.
Most of you fat, fat people.
And then also, it's up here too,
because all those great businesses,
they've exported their fat across the border and around the world.
They're killing the world with fat.
And in the beast defense,
he hasn't even mentioned ordering food to me today,
or should we get lunch or anything like that.
Well, that's very good.
I'm gonna...
Who's... That's a Troy, Troy the Boy.
I'm gonna make sure before I go in this...
Well, I'm not going anywhere,
because I'm gonna be on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
I'll make sure that Troy gets your name back on there
with our friend Troy over at Balance for Life.
We give you another chance.
We'll start getting those menus for you.
Get that little black sack going again.
Just no bobbin news.
And the good part of it is,
since now that dictum came down that you can't eat
in your studio over there,
you don't have to worry about eating in there with Ferrell.
And you make a point of not coming into our studio
and watching him.
I've never seen him anybody like that.
Now, he's tall, skinny guy.
I should've seen him today.
Today was legendary.
He had an egg sandwich in one hand
and a veal cutlet sub of the other.
Now, where was he eating this?
Like I said, um...
Uh-oh.
Because he never came in and bonded with us today.
He never came in and bonded with us today
and I have a feeling that he was eating in the studio.
Uh-oh.
Don't take it up there.
Anyway, 130 at 5.60 W.
Come, we're a little backed up here,
so I better do this break now, okay?
Hey, you folks out there,
do you call dial amactors at 1-800 macros yet?
If not, then what could you possibly be waiting for?
If you want the very best brands at discount prices every day,
without any of the hassles of showroom shopping
that I urge you to do what I always do,
call 1-800 macros right now.
These people have got delivery down to a science.
You get to choose the date and time to fit your schedule.
What a breath of fresh air that is.
You get a two-hour window,
so you're not sitting around wasting a day all day long.
And dial amactors delivers evenings, weekends, holidays,
even on chavuas, even on the 4th of July.
That's right.
Whenever it's most convenient for you.
Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish pho-macroses
you see in specialty stores,
while dial amactors carry tempered pietic as well,
plus all the big-name brands,
service simons, King Corlan,
and silly at discount prices every day.
It's like having the biggest macros during the country
just to phone call away.
Miguel recently called 1-800 macros,
got a new one from the folks at dial amactors,
and their screw in their brains out so much,
he's getting married now.
How do you like that?
Nothing could be easier in the macros part, too.
They were right on time.
They set up the new macros, took out the crappy smelly old,
soil-bedding, everything.
So no wait, another minute, pick up the phone right now,
and call 1-800 macros, 1-800-MATT-R-E-S for dial amactors.
The easiest, the smartest way to get to a new name brand macros,
don't forget you can check them on the web at macros.com.
We're supporting you on 5-6-E, 2AM.
F**k this out.
Oh, yeah, we're searching.
Oh, yeah, we're searching.
Oh, love for those weapons of destruction every day.
We're gonna keep searching.
Oh, love for those again, I've heard said
Searching for the new car here away.
Absolutely.
But I don't think we'll ever find them.
No.
There were in there in the workplace.
Oh, the fans.
Yeah, how you know from house to house,
and under that mirror,
you've had a day, the spend of all those white house folks.
If you still need convention to me,
why don't you see an end?
Or does a lie in front?
Oh, man, no, man.
But we keep all of searching.
Oh, love for those again, I've heard
All of the new car here away.
But you know, take care of your family.
Oh, no.
1.36-5.60-WDQM.
I'm just looking for something in a Sun Sentinel.
And I checked, I should know better,
because it's only on Friday that Barry Jackass and Sarni
right there, a so-called broadcast sports thing.
But I clicked it on and I saw something that I missed.
Junior Miss Page in Bums, Marlins and Red Sox.
Now this was last Saturday.
Now correct me if I'm wrong.
Wasn't that the game where the Marlins came from behind 9-2
with 4 runs in the eighth and 4th and 9th and 1.99?
That was not on TV.
Definitely the most exciting Marlins game of the season.
And it wasn't on TV because of the Junior Miss Pageant on PAX TV.
Well, oh my god.
God.
Anyway, like I said, it's hopeless.
88th for Wuppie Goldberg,
which actor actress was caused you absolutely not to see movie
if they be in it?
Wuppie's got 88th, Leo to Capriol 51th,
the H.O. Leo, anybody over the age of 10?
Robert Streisand 45,
Pauli Shore 34,
John Club Goddamn 31,
sliced alone tied with Will Smith 28th,
Sandra Bullock and Adam Sandler.
We can't separate those two.
They each have 27th.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Can you put on Rosie Perez on the list?
I'm in your pardon?
Rosie Perez on that list?
Rosie Perez?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
You bet.
Not bad at all.
I'm gagging on it.
I think whatever that disease is that's got you all sick
in there, I think it's coming up through the line.
I'm gagging on it.
Scottish actor Sean Connery created the worst accent
in the history of cinema in the 1987 movie Untouchables,
according to a poll.
Oh, this is good.
According to a poll conducted by British Film Magazine Empire.
Although the James Bond smoothly won an Oscar for his role
as Jim Malone in Brian,
the rest of this is chopped off.
A jury of industry professionals crowd him,
top of their bad accent list,
which appeared in magazines July issue.
In the Brian Dupalma film, I guess is what that says.
That was a Brian Dupalma film, The Untouchables.
I can find out whether he's a Russian,
but I'm telling you, we got more goddamn dead air today.
Like I said, he's long.
See, that's why we need George there.
Okay, he knows a few things.
Not nothing too important.
Whether he's a Russian subcapt in the hunt for red October,
or even in English night,
or Robin Hood principal,
always that Bertone Highland Burr remains Yodiotta says.
Oh, here's the one.
I knew it.
I knew it.
This is the one I had in mind.
Close behind in third place,
came US actor Brad Pitt for his role as a mountaineer
in the 1997 film Seven Years in Tibet.
Remember we talked about that a couple weeks ago.
Yeah.
With a blonde hair and the worst phony accent.
Oh, Brad, sweetheart.
Give me a break.
I'll give you a close second.
Yeah.
Kevin Costa.
Oh, no.
Robin Hood.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, I didn't see that.
Because it's a Kevin Costa.
Do you ever get Kevin Costa runner?
And I apologize that we didn't get that on her sooner.
Somebody mentioned it.
No, no, I'll get that on there right now.
He better be, huh?
We haven't got him on there?
No.
Somebody mentioned him.
Twice.
Yeah, he was mentioned twice,
and you're diddling around there.
Boy, there is so much,
while George is away,
the dickheads are playing.
I'll tell you that right now.
And the principal was,
Brad the public film.
Was?
Yep.
This doesn't seem like his kind of movie.
I mean, it was a good movie,
even with Kevin Costa in it.
Even with him in it.
In fact, I'll say this,
that's the only movie I've ever seen with him in it
that I would actually say,
hey, you're like it.
It's a good,
and because he played himself,
real low-key, real like no personality,
he didn't have to act.
It was just a schmuck.
You don't like pulled the arm?
I never saw a bulldoor.
I don't watch those sports movies.
Okay, I'm not part of it.
If you're going to get back on the balance for life,
one of the things that you must give up
is the sports nudity,
isn't okay?
We don't expect you to have, like,
make a clean cut.
You can't do that.
Well, I'm not like my boyfriend.
Well, clearance.
Now, nobody's like your boyfriend.
In fact, clearance had a choice to make last month.
The choice was,
either that honeymoon with the beast
or the hercones.
He left you high and dry.
Yep.
Brad and I played with Zagaki
went out there Omaha
and left you like high and dry.
And my head was all over the houses
for 20 more nights at the same time.
You way up.
It's a bad habit.
How's Bradman doing?
Jesus, I'm back.
He hasn't done deadly squats.
Since it's obvious you don't keep records.
That's a good thing I do.
All right, you ready?
Redmond pitched Sunday.
Do you go back to yesterday?
Is that too far?
Redmond gave up two runs in seven innings.
Redmond's start before that
was on June the 10th of Milwaukee.
He pitched eight innings,
gave up one uner and run,
and got that win also.
Have you been drinking the night, by the way?
Sports radio live 60.
GERGY WAY AM.
How young is too young?
Hi, I'm your 15-year-old host, Jenny.
And this is Titanic Talk.
For me and my friend Kimberly
talk on the radio about our favorite movie, Titanic and Leo.
I love you, Leo.
Yeah, we talk about the most beautiful thing in Titanic.
Leonardo DiCaprio.
I love you, Leo.
I know, I love Leo too.
Well, today's topic is the Titanic.
I saw it Saturday for the 14th time,
and I cried.
I've seen it 17 times, and I cried every time.
I wanted Leo to live this time.
I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo.
I wish my boyfriend was Leo.
Oh, my God.
Look at the clock.
Titanic starts at the mall in 15 minutes.
That's hard.
Hold on, Leo.
We're coming.
Okay, thanks for listening.
Tune in next time on Titanic Talk,
when our topic will be Leo.
Rock, Leo.
You suck, Leo.
That's right.
145 at 560 WQN.
Now, you know, that's how we got all caught up
and everything like that.
Wasn't a big crisis.
That made your problem.
Just a little bit disturbing.
Now, the beast is going to tell us
before he gets his balance for life's sake,
how many, what the most amount of ice cream
he ever ate in one sitting was.
Because I guarantee you the seven clandite bars I ate.
You could probably have taught that.
I'll be honest with you and you're not going to believe me.
Yes.
But I've never, you know, I've felt like a pint,
but I've never done a lot of ice cream.
I'm into other things.
I see.
Like a bag of chips, like a huge jumbo Costco family-sized bag of chips.
Yeah.
The whole thing.
Right.
But I'm not like, I can't eat that much ice cream.
Really?
Yeah.
Jeez, I'm taking that a pint.
I don't know.
It's just too cold.
I get a headache.
I can't do it.
Well, that's always a good cop-up with clairses on your ass.
So to speak.
Oh, sorry.
I just had some rocky road.
I'm getting the screaming headache.
Sorry, sweetheart.
Maybe later.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Now, what about pasta?
Bouls.
Many bowls.
Yeah.
See, now, before I had my first stroke,
and I'm sure that this is directly responsible,
this goes back to the early IOD days about
88, 89.
And I don't know what prompted me to do it,
but I just, I got this thing where I would,
because I can make some means spaghetti.
I love spaghetti.
I can't eat it now, because I'm diet-gathered diabetes.
But I would cook up a nice big bowl of fresh pasta,
make my own sauce, and I had,
what sets the peppers?
Like they put on the table at the pizza loft or any other pizza joint.
They give it the grated cheese and the peppers.
To really give it some taste, you know?
Yeah, sure.
And I'd really spice it off.
And then, of course, I would slice up hot dogs,
like some Hebrew national winters.
Like, grandma used to make.
Slice them up there in the sauce.
Oh, the best.
And I would eat the whole big bowl of it.
And I'm sitting there watching TV,
and maybe I'm on the phone talking to somebody.
And while I'm talking, I'm washing out the bowl,
and I'm making the second bowl,
and then a third.
Now, I don't think I can top that, could you?
No.
I did that several times.
No more times.
And I guarantee you that's what contributed to my first stroke.
No, I think.
Well, maybe not.
Maybe it was just a bad accident.
Now, seriously, three big bowls of spaghetti
within a matter of like, say an hour and a half.
So how is it, and now my top weight,
when 73 was 266, but I'm 5 foot 9.
I'm not like 4 foot like the beast.
So somewhere along the line,
there must have maybe you're just more steady,
more consistent because to get up to,
so what did you start at 281?
284.
284.
Now, when you're 2 and a half feet tall and you weigh 284,
there must have been something that brought about that growth.
Just a lot of everything.
A lot of everything.
Nothing special, not one just a steady, consistent, whatever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA, and hello.
QAN.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about some hints?
Tom Hanks makes me gag.
Excellent choice, sir.
Thank you.
All right.
Yeah.
One thing, even though I hate him,
I have to recommend you a steady-prior riot.
That's also moving.
What is it?
A steady-prior riot.
I haven't seen that.
Did you have to see it?
Even though I hate him?
No.
That's a good movie, man.
Okay. Thanks, man.
All right.
I have to go with it.
After I watch saving private Jessica,
I'm going to watch saving private riot.
A great time, hey, son.
He should have been on it a long time ago, right?
He should have been on there a long time ago, and another thing.
Did you know it was thus birthday today?
Well, no.
How am I supposed to know that?
I was just...
It was just snuck in here.
I wonder what clearance gave Duffa his birthday.
Huh?
A little something.
Well, happy birthday.
Monthly, uh, turn 55.
Hey, let's see.
22, 27.
26.
Whatever years.
And of course, he just had a cleaning out last week.
So he's all primed for a really big July 4th weekend.
I'm sure that can be a lot of fireworks in the Muff Lindsay household.
567-0560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Come here to QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Is this QA and?
Yes, it is.
I wanted to talk to Neil.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, my goodness.
Neil, I've been calling you all morning.
I wanted to tell you about a couple people I wanted on the list.
On her Volta.
John Revolta.
I'm surprised we got this far again without him on there.
He would have been one of my top five.
I know.
I mean, two.
Hugh Grant.
Ah!
God, there's so many of them, you know?
I know it.
I know it.
I wouldn't watch a movie with Hugh Grant if you paid me by the second.
Me either.
How about Meg Ryan?
Yeah.
Yeah, she's like a dormant day, you know.
All around the world and all over the world.
Oh, Meg.
She's so cute.
I heard.
Listen, I wanted to say that I don't think George is very funny either but George and
Feral for Rale.
Yeah.
Yeah, they would be a good pair.
I think they'd be good together on the show.
I think that's what we're going to do.
We're going to team them up together.
But you know George, it's not his fault, you know the last funny Cuban was Dezi Arnez,
you know?
The only funny Cuban that does not have any.
Yes, I think it was the only funny Cuban.
But the Eres, the Theme Fluff.
See, have a great weekend.
Hey, I love passions.
It's been getting better every day, hasn't it?
Poor Shared, no, we ever...
And you notice it was so nasty down in the basement even the rats ran away.
Do you notice that?
Oh my gosh.
Are they ever going to get her out of there?
Eventually, in about six, seven months.
Yeah, I guess so.
That house-to-house search is proceeding very slowly, you know?
Yeah, right.
Oh, it's just great.
That musical was so incredible.
Wasn't that the best?
Oh, I did.
I saw yesterday the one that you're going to see today.
You're going to see the scene, but they realized that Eve has set the club on fire.
The jazz club on fire.
Oh, wow.
And of course, what's his name?
Standing at her side is always Julian.
Yeah, right.
And now they realize right near the end of the show that they're inside.
There's Chad, and there's Fox, and there's Tudisa, and there's Whitney in there.
And it's a psychotic, as you expect.
Oh, no.
Oh, if I can't wait.
I love it though.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
Give Miguel a kiss for me.
Sure.
Love you.
152 at 560 WQM, you know, summertime and South Florida guarantees three things.
Heat, humidity, and hurricanes.
You know, you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season.
The Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop provides you the best hurricane protection under the sun,
with just one easy call to the Hurricane Shutter window shop.
They'll be at your home the next day with a quote for Hurricane Shutter's Windows and Doors customized and engineered specifically for you and your home.
From panels, the courtyans, roll-up shutters, impact-resistant windows and doors, the Hurricane Shutter window shop will not be undersold.
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because you're buying direct from the manufacturer wholesaler when you buy from these great folks.
So call the Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop Tool-free 1-800-538-0191.
They also offer cash and carry for you to do it yourself handyman.
If you're really serious about Hurricane Protection Customized Engineers specifically for your home and in South Florida, you're really ought to be.
Call the Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop 1-800-538-0191.
Tell them that ancient old Neo told you to call the Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop 1-800-538-0191.
Fly in local, near sports radio, five sixty-seeing, UAM.
Stay!
Goodbye, AdiTao.
AdiTao.
AdiTao.
AdiTao.
AdiTao.
AdiTao.
AdiTao.
AdiTao.
Baby launch a couple missiles.
Tour to place we know.
And aim a mad-a-fellah.
Whose first name begins with us.
There's one thing we all understand.
Your health care won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are some tired of jumping through them loose.
You know we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
How clear an easy nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussyfoot and go blow up Pakistan.
Boom boom.
The Middle Easters' world will be exploded to dom a people guild.
With the gas that we sold him, first time a aggressor nation had.
They only want that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there, Tosunamba.
We're right.
Daddy racked as some weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Aim their oil to be counted.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in lawness.
But no one seemed concerned all.
I'm being complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration that controlled us by fear through media manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
Daddy racked as some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not see as drop is seen.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, aquas, all are safe.
Slime, obedient cattle don't ask any reservations.
Out of provoked, battle, and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall and have a burden and stoke with no objection at all.
Then the crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our great watchman.
All the craft you can unwrap, all the slime all the time, all the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Absolutely.
Bye bye bye!
Send me a Russia show on Fising People in QA.
And Miami for La Nile.
I wanna give you a kiss.
Absolutely.
