Yeah, Neil Greg Reed was in here this morning and I brought my cross out and
Wolfman man. Yeah, he won an award for executive existence executive of the year for the job he did with power
96 go trip big fat ego trip. I think it's I think it has more to do with the urban community than Greg
But if Greg's gonna get the award then God bless Beasley and Greg and
Without Greg, that's where I'm sure I'll tell you you know, you know, sounds good
You still sound a little on great got me HIV positive
Yeah, me a virus with a Greg or clearance. It's a combination of clearance and Greg
It's a and and it's the Duff Patrol. I got like an immune deficiency. I got total breakdown
And I've been in I'm going into I'm going into what are they called rush limbaugh, but I'm going into beastlies high
Detoxes a three day event down at you know Betty Betty Ford
They get three day they give me a value
When I do you think that rush might be in there with bushes daughter with Jim's daughter
Hey, listen, I heard she gets really good C rock. I'm into it. I agree all I know is that
Well, you were right about that and you were right about this place and everything like you were right about
Russian pills you were right about Beasley
You're right about you can make money. I was right about the national inquiry being
God you right and you missed it
I was throwing media guys a Greg reads head when he came in here because I think he's such bad luck
The bad news is you missed I did miss but I did hit the dick and cider guy and for him to be running around
Oh look at this we got the award so money
He's right in some award in showman and the only we asked you to hold it
Still said you want to hold the award he asked me if I wanted to hold this award
I said no you want to hold my package
Yeah, I said here here hold my cross you're the devil
I felt like he was the exorcist I the first thing I was about those cup fans
So I love all this gnashing and wailing of teeth. I think it's great
It was one of their own they're going down man. Tell me more give me more of that
I want you to like the whole first hour talk about how doom the city of Chicago the goats and all that
It was one of their own see these people are in impediment if you have any brains at all
You're back away and you let a little make the catch and it's easy out
He's got to catch the balls. They're they bitching about it was one of their own asshole stupid fans
Is that what Jeffrey Mueller did at the Yankee Stadium or whatever the kids name was?
Wait a minute, but that was the Yankee fan who was interfering with the other two see that's different
But here's a cup fan who's interviewing interfering with his own guy. Yeah, I guess
I know you're right, but I don't blame the game on that play or the short stop
I blame it on how about all how about all the hits that came after that I've never seen anything
I'm a last year the angel scored eight on the Yankees in the sixth inning
That's what it reminded me of they just a bloodlighting it was great
Even though the scores were different it was the same thing as the choking buddy a red socks yesterday
Same to that play a third base. This was the same thing and at eighth inning
They just choked in gag was all those 95 years you could hear the sucking sound David Wells had some nasty stuff when Martinez or many Ramirez
Had to base loading through that big old crack
Herb off he had a lot of nasty stuff
12 or two of them day drank a 12 pack every day and then did balance for like how long get along these days
Huh? I don't do a little better. I don't do cross-overs. He did ask me how my health is and I said better than your ratings
I
Tomorrow than Uranus tomorrow. I'm just gonna be I want to just live off of your toe fun guy because you're gonna set the standard
And I just want to be your toe jam. Yeah, I just want to get good ratings now
The only show that matters to me is yours everything was the big day
Maybe you want to clock and then next week when we get the hour by hour what those mo gonna do?
Oh, you know he was knocking Tom Brennan this morning. Oh, yeah
He never let up on Tom Brennan, but uh asshole man. He couldn't suck Tom Brennan shoes
All I know is that they they shouldn't play the tape back at a dolphins game. We can work on some things
Anyway, he can't make it about Taylor. Yeah, we gotta hurt we got to get more
Yeah, he's calling the game and I
They're gonna get you think I listen to Tom Brennan. I'm center trying to get laid. I got no time for Tom Brennan
Who cares? He's a cubs fan Mary Carey. What what would he have been doing?
drinking a lot
I mean people man. Can you believe it's a seven game? Is it this what it's all about?
Life's all about what would you do if they had more marlin's home games and all these red next can come on?
I'll talk to you, but I actually watched it and game last night all of it
You think Todd Greckle sell your tickets to the marlins games in the world series
Todd Greck couldn't sell a glass of water to a starving Arab what about I
Saw working on it. I've seen himself some things by the way
Hey listen, where's my copy for poppin O Park?
A choice to add for you little boy. Hey, hey, hey, where the hell's popping?
You can't complain about our sales department a job. They're doing because they're just they're laying out
I said this the other day. It's the truth. They just they've just abandoned that they just give it up
I got Josh a hot juicick and they wanted to go out with him and he screwed that up too
She isn't he ended up going out with her brother. Yeah
One hell of a good time. He didn't know what to do with her. She had a big old sat and she had it all gone
I heard her brothers never gonna be the same again that Josh wrecked him. I can't even handle one woman
I got to have three. Yeah, just call me polygamy for out rush and learn into super beastly detox three days
I'm gonna let me have a chance to read air. They had a gem's daughter. I could get lucky. I had a rushy
Good luck to you. Hey, it's great being back on the air with the needle
You're the only thing that matters to me anymore. I remember tongue and toe fun guy. Welcome back Scott
I
Loose with it. My list with it. My London. My goodness. Give me another beer
Oh
Oh
10.07 at 5.60 WQM. It's your nice 7 for all back. He don't sound too good. That doesn't
So for anybody who thought that he wasn't there last two days because of any extraneous reasons or anything else going on
You can hear that he's got like the crud anybody. No, he's dealing. I've tried to tell Scott Jr.
They're about to have it. Oh, no, there's something going on here
Does anybody kept saying something like that over and over again? It wouldn't shut up about it. Good. We'll just shut him up today, man
Now did anybody bring in that check that for all bring us a check today for 325 bucks?
I don't think he's gotten his first check from these people yet. No, I'm serious
Did anybody bring in any money for abandonment pet rescue since I left yesterday since 2 o'clock? No, you know the answer to that
No, I don't I
Wanted to make it one of these days you'll find a check from Ed Kaplan. I guarantee you that he helps us out over here because he's a great guy
Okay, any decay
Anybody else?
No, doc
Well, you already had the check from doc that was it right Curtis from the
The check from Curtis. Thank you very much and the check from Joe Costello's mommy and Danny
That's right not a skippy check from Curtis either who doesn't make any money. Did you say Skippy? No? Oh?
No, can we have a check from Skippy?
No fat boy Troy Stratton who not only doesn't bring us a check, but don't even bring me my copy. No nothing
Who'd at least about do we have anybody else in sales that I don't know we got some people there. I don't even know who the LAR
Just as well, huh and the sales department. How about screwing a big fat one from her? No, she's probably got a big fat one on her right now
We asked yesterday with so-called comedian. Do you think is the least funny?
I want that was Robert creeper talking about oh we're gonna be running way over 10.04 10.05
Yeah, what was he talking about? I don't know man that kid is an annoying little piece of crap
God
With so-called comedian you think is the least funny we asked yesterday too bad we didn't put Robert creeper on her he'd have got my vote
Dennis Miller
212 he wins hands down your pants man
He pulled away from the pack like he wouldn't believe
Tom Arnold 130 9 he gave it a good run for the money for a while
But then Dennis just put on the afterburners in the stretch and just took off
Carrot top 121
Oh, man, I just got gas like you would believe I'm just a gas bag old gas bag. That's me. Don't wait a minute
What is it all about something you ate? Well, what is that?
Rosie O'Donnell 104 maybe that's something she ate is why she said a big disgusting fat obnoxious dike
Whoopi Goldberg 92 Bob Sagitt rhymes with
maggot had 84
Martin Lauren 55 Ben Stein 35 anybody want Ben Stein's money?
LND generate 32 boy a lot of dikes on here. You know what?
Ellen had 32 Jerry Seinfeld 32 one the Sykes had
Jerry Lewis and Jay Leno tied 24 piece. There's a scathing a kind of nation of Jay Leno on our website one of those articles about him and the
Arnold and what a disgrace that is in their right Robin Williams and how a Mandale had 22 a piece how a Mandale should
Had a lot more than that you should add about 6,000
Jackie the joke man Martling and Bill Marr had 21 a piece that knowing a little torque Bill Marr
Just a real real annoying Jackie Mason had 19
Al Franken 18. It was all coming from the rush people. You rush pop a couple of more baby
Ray Romano 17 Sinbad 16 Jane Moore and Tim Allen 15 a piece now. What's Tim Allen? He's on a tool
Doing yeah, yeah, the tool man right
P. We Hermann at 14 Rosanne at 13 column Quinn 12 Chris Rock had 11. That's even honest off about that
That's you know who you know who devoted Chris Rock rednecks. Yeah, what do you like? He rips places on the back
Well speaking to be in black how did Bill Cosby do we get to him yet overgittin to him
Louis Anderson 11 Gallagher 10 Bill Cosby 10 he should add about 600
Jeanne Grafflo had nine Chris Tucker 8 Richard Lewis 8 Craig Kilborn 8 nor McDonald 6
David Letterman 6 senior wences for shame on you
We're gonna find a four people have voted for senior wences and we're gonna like blow your crap away
That's disgraceful
It's wrong. He feels had four rest in peace
Well, you know she always used to say you know fat is beautiful just like what's your name Shirley tweeters
What's your other name Shirley tweeters a Carmen Electra?
Not seriously that psychic that phony psychic hotline remember no
With our other good friend the bow Griffith
Lee Roy's anyway Jimmy Kimmel
And his Kimmelwick buns had three John Lerich had had a pair and he is erred had two
I still have no idea who is him delighted that I don't could by do know who they've Matthew's band are and they suck
Johnny Carson had a pair
Chekey green and Dudley Moore had the big out of well over 1300 votes in yesterday's poet kill some good time given those results
Speaking of polls bushes slipping. I got the ABC results here at momentarily
And we got today's great pull and of course we'll take some it'll be all Marlon tends to even George
This will shock this audience
Even George this morning was talking about that play and left field on Moishie alloo
Well, they show the highlights on every channel when the Cove fan interfered
Just go to show these stupidity of assholes in the stands anywhere anywhere not just that wriggly field not just in South Florida anywhere
assholes who want something for nothing whether they're trying to kill each other over a t-shirt at the macarena
Whether it's the little blimp that drops those little slips of paper they're good for like you know a piece of a flea's bubble gum
Whatever the hell is no matter what it is on a baseball of course. Oh man
That's gonna be worth something someday and it wriggly field where they are
They should have killed that guy they really should have got it
I hate to say that I don't want to sound like for well, but they should have killed again. What's he him no more
It was a guy and like two kids because I've seen it many times this morning
I'd say about a hundred already. They're showing it on pop-up toasters all over town
And and why the hell when you know it's your what it's a crucial inning when the game is on the line when your team is under verge of collapsing
And the guy doesn't have enough brains to back away and let his own guy make the catch no study reach out and knocks it away. Yeah
That was great major major asshole. Harry Carey is rolling over in his grave even jack outhouses not too happy about
10 14 at 5 60 WQM if you're on a low-carb diet, which by the way yesterday we discovered that those work pretty and good
They're finally admitting it. Here's a story you're gonna love the only way it works good of course is if you stay on it
And he likes a west book. I will help you do that because they've got over a thousand low-carb goodies like bagels and breads
Cheesecakes muffin brownies for all you brownie hounds chocolate's pasta's sauces chips and dips soups ketchup's carbolite ice cream and lots
Lots more too all the good stuff to keep you on your straight and arrow path because let's face it
All the meat and cheese and seafood in a world is delicious
But you can't just sit there and eat that all day. You got to have something to have a little bit of taste
Champion like drinks and five delicious flavors are waiting for it to light along with walnut brownies by control carb
Southern D light chocolate chip cookies. I do like pop pecan pie
Apple cinnamon granola by carb sense and don't forget it to light the west book
You can try anything the store before you buy it and all the atkins products are on sale all day
Everyday and dr. Bob please don't take your briefcase to work
They're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in
441 right next to Boston market or column at 1 877 low-carb
That's within L.O.W. Low carb run away. It's low carb calm
This is a great store for you atkins and other low-carb
D.L.I.C., wS book of your official atkins retail celebrity
o-o-o- o-o-o- o-o- o-o- o-o-o- o-o-n o-o-o-o- o-o-o o-o-o-o-o o-o-o-o-o o-o-o-o-o-o-e o-oo-o o-o-o-o-o o-o-o-o-o-o-o o-o o-o-o-o CoCoE
How are you?
Hey guys, just see you there.
Ow!
Well, you looking fine.
I'll tell you what, you may see a major option when I'm an expert present.
So, very quietly, I'll work together and see.
But that would craft some of them, my wife, illa, reey.
I want her big, but ow, ow, the campaign trails.
So I can stay at home and chase college tail,
Judging from what I've seen, the choices are obscene.
It's either why me, labor matter, how I'd be.
Carry corn, get over the rest.
Can't get elected, slap a bug, get the hell's chest.
Please get the wits to run, so I can have some fun.
Me and Chaffa Quine, her and Washington,
I'll hold a wirt, t-shirt, contested my art.
And all day long, I'll walk, or else that may hurt.
It'd be a dream come true, it'd be a major two.
It's also like really worth to pull the switch a-roo.
Have a heart, ew, like a spouse, some vaguenin' pleatin'
and put big mouth in the wood house, like you.
10, 19, 5, 60, WQM, Happy Wednesday.
I'll be very honest with you, thank goodness it's Wednesday, right?
Yeah.
Because Wednesday is our hump day when we do the one
or two comedy bits of art, and the reason I say that,
see this tomorrow, that is that tomorrow is the big
year rating day, summer book.
And this isn't just any ordinary year rating book.
This is a major, major gigantic.
This is like the, well, it would've been,
if it weren't for all these psychosis and hysteria in a building.
And for Greg, I can look at overborn child and the beesleaves
of pawning their banjo.
It's really ironic that the beesleaves gave WQM the award,
is their best station in the chain.
What have they got about four?
Because of our building and our ratings,
and because we're just so goddamn great,
and Greg's running around, over great, we're great.
Yeah, we, please let's all hit it with a Greg with all the mistakes
you've made, Humpty.
Instead of Greg, we'd better call him Humpty Dumpty.
Trying to put the pieces together again, and then,
and then it, when it looks like he's got the pieces patched together,
they drop the damn thing again.
That's the thing about him.
He's got dropsy.
Yeah, nice go on Greg, you idiot.
But enjoy that award.
It's squeeze it real gently, though, any award, too.
Puts.
So anyway, those ratings would be, I want to clock tomorrow.
We're going to like dissect them, and, oh, it'll be great.
And of course, George would be on next week, because I'll be on vacation.
That's just a friendly warning.
For all the George basher's out there,
so they're ready to get their spears all sharpened up.
So you'll have the opportunity to come about.
I would predict Mondays that you'll have those hour by hour.
Right.
And you know who's going to be really embarrassed and humiliated.
Absolutely.
And he graded.
Absolutely.
I promise it.
Absolutely.
At the moment, it's going to be just.
Absolutely.
Oh, it's going to be horrendous.
So I think he'd be on caring anymore.
Are you ever important?
No.
Now, his ego is still humongous.
Absolutely.
That's the reason he was ripping Tom Brennan.
And of course, he used to work with Harry Carey on the Cup games back in the late 80s, early 90s.
And so Tom Brennan obviously has got a little bit of a bias in there.
But the fact of the matter is that when he said there were 19 outs left for the Cubs to go to the World Series,
there was nothing outrageous about that.
The Cubs were ahead to look like they had the game in hand.
It's this whole thing about the Cubs in 95 years of history and the audio.
There was nothing inappropriate about that.
And he just was slicing him an ass this morning when I came in here at 715 and turned it on.
Oh, it's just on a national telecast.
You know, even though I don't, I don't knock other broadcasts.
Well, that's a bunch of bull crap because I've heard him rip Johnny most.
It was probably the best basketball announcer ever.
I've heard him rip Mark Albert because he's jealous as hell of him who now he's doing my day at football for his gig.
And then he lies to his teeth.
Well, I almost never rip other sportscars.
It bull crap.
The hell you don't.
It's just a big pompous bag of wind is all you are.
Absolutely.
Which is that you were sitting there in Ridgley Field the night doing the damn Marlon the Cup game.
That's what you wish.
You silly ass goose.
And by the way, which Taylor is it that's got the ball there on the dolphin game, Han Jacksonville, which Taylor, huh?
And he tell you I think I think it was ripped Taylor.
Or maybe he was ripped.
Maybe that's why I couldn't figure out what hell was going on.
That the comatose woman's going to stop being fed at two o'clock, which you don't even know the story.
No, I don't.
Terry Skiavo.
She's going to be dead.
Well, she's I mean in a coma and she has been for 13 long years.
And there's a red next over there in Penels Park, run around with her.
Oh, let Terry live.
Let Terry live.
These are the same people as the feeders.
Huggers sing the same thing.
You know, a woman in a coma like state for 13 years will no longer be fed after two o'clock today, after an appeals court yesterday rejected motions from her parents to continue the feedings and keep her alive.
The second district court of appeals in Lakeland refused to block a probate judge's order, moved the feeding tube from Terry Skiavo 39,
who's been on what the court calls a persistent vegetative state, kind of like Greg Reed, since collapsing at her home from heart failure in 1990.
Legally speaking, the cases over what said Patricia Anderson, the attorney for her parents who fought the decision, I've turned over every rock.
And there's nothing that can be done.
She said, and that will will not tool rush.
Skiavo's husband and guardian Michael Skiavo had asked that the feedings of his wife stopped claiming she had made it clear in the past.
She didn't want to live on life support.
I think Terry's wish you should be carried out. This is what she wanted. He said in interview with CNN last year.
This is Terry's wish. It's not anybody else's wish. It's her wish. God damn it.
So there you go.
This business of trying to force people to stay alive. It's just enough to make you want to puke.
Although Sheridan's doing pretty well on passions, right Scott?
Yeah.
He's not speaking no more. Scott. He's just claimed up totally. You know what I'm saying?
Oh, it's something's mugging him.
What is it?
I think something's bothering him.
What is that? What is it? Scott? Share it with us.
What is that's annoying?
It's eating at your car. I think he's having a financial crisis.
Oh, financial. Oh, wow.
You know, I hate to. I don't want to. I don't want to break the bad news to you.
But your predecessor had a financial crisis to all every day.
Well, he just had crisis. The financial crisis. He had all crisis crises every single day.
In fact, every day he had a whole bunch of them.
Don't see him no more. In fact, we have sent a search party out.
Can't even find him no more.
Remember, Hideo no more. Well, I think that's the deal.
So, put up just a little bit, Scott. Don't bring your problems to work just because you couldn't afford to go to Starbucks this morning.
Get a coffee late today or whatever it is. Don't start to, you know,
copy an attitude with us because you'll be out of there before you can say,
grant a Richmond. Can you say it?
Here's some good news bush slipping. According to ABC news.
There's the good news.
I guess the clearance must have stiffed.
They're on his paycheck too. Maybe that's the deal.
Well, what what day is it? It's the 15th. I mean, payday isn't like any time we're like 10 days away.
Yeah.
So if he's having a little bit of a financial crisis, why don't you help him out?
I mean, his good friend for help would help him out, but he probably hasn't got paid yet either. He's only been there a few months.
Why don't you help him out, George? You always did for your other little buddy there.
I mean, just because he don't speak it in a right language. And I got a story on that too.
By the way, dad ordered to speak English in Nebraska. You love that story.
All right. I'm not liquid.
No comment.
Here's the pool today before we get to the rest of the bush pole, which I'm really thrilled. I'm squeezing it a little bit.
And maybe that's why I'm a little gassy today. I've been squeezing it so hard.
What is or was the greatest radio station in the history of South Florida?
Now I didn't list them all. That would be just stupid.
But here's the short list.
Oh, I guess we should have had WIOD. Hi. Well, sorry. Sorry, mister. Why not?
What? No, no, I'm saying what I should have had it on there was just that WIOD.
Oh, I hate that station.
Yeah. I mean, that was in the past. And the question is what is or was.
I should have. It says what was. I know that was my bad. Okay. I that's what I put on the thing.
What is or was ever can change it or not? It really does make a difference.
The greatest radio station in the history of South Florida. WQAM. Why 100? What?
She WSHE WZE.
WFUN. Long gone. But man, WFUN. WMFJ.
WYNZ. Oh, it used to be a great station man. Once upon a time before the Chief Channel people came in there and destroyed it.
Paxen started the death and then they finished it off. They took away the life support.
They pulled out the tube. WYNZ, WIOD. That's my short list. Of course there's other stations that have come and gone.
I can't I can never think of that. 102.7. What it used to be before became that hard role was it?
Heavy metal station.
Don't know. Yeah, you do. We've been through this a zillion times. Well, I can't remember either.
And back in those days for some reason they had a really crappy signal too.
Somebody will know 1027 at 560 WQAM. Hey, take your talking about losing weight. Balance for life might be the thing you're looking for.
If you've tried all the others, if you've failed, if you're fat as a cow, if you're like frustrated, if you were in pup pence instead of real clothing,
if you walk around with big, WIOBeras because you can't put a real shirt on and tuck it in your pants.
Here's the answer. Balance for life. It's working even for the beast who's a really fat little slob.
The balance for life deal is so easy because you don't have to do anything except reach outside your door every morning around 6am or when you get your ass out of the sack.
And there's your little black sack waiting for you. Three gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks are in your black sack waiting for you to munch on.
And there's plenty of food in there. Fresh delicious goodies, chicken and meat and for for toddlers and omelets and fruit and all kinds of good stuff to eat.
And keep you full and satisfied all day long. There's no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting for sure because they do all accounting for it.
They put together fantastic, delicious food and you'll start seeing a weight pour off your ass right on that scale within just a matter of days.
So if you're frustrated, if you're tired of being out of shape, lethargic, maybe diabetic or right on the edge of it, let balance for life deal the solution you've been searching for for a long, long time.
Call them today. What do you got to lose beside the disgusting unhealthy fat? Call 954-568-3229. That's 954-568-3229 or visit them on the web at balanceforlife.com.
My name is Michael. I'm a sports radio five sixty-six UAM.
Here's WQAM.
Hey everybody, all my attention here. Yeah, I got a lot of problems just like everybody else and I tell them to everyone I meet.
Mmm, me.
What kind of guy am I? And a dizzy, the kind of sword of bald and choppy?
I'm not everybody type. And that is why I'm Marge's hobby.
But on the edge of it tonight, I'm gonna drink up here with Barney, get away from the kids and wives.
Go to Moseon complain all night, my house is like, oh, my kids are like, oh, my butt is like, oh, my wife is like, oh, her sisters are like, oh, my life is like, oh, I know I'm getting it, but that's what I think of it.
Go, go, go, go. Oh well, like I was saying to Barney last night. Sometimes in his life you're the dog and sometimes like me you're the fire hydrant.
Go, burning!
1033-274-11-560WQAM. Somebody faxes in the bus WBUS.
You're anything that guy doesn't know?
We do get out of here, Homer. So anyway, yes? I just got a call from Eric. I hope we're not gonna be adding a whole lot of things today because boy, he sounded dead. Everyone is sick.
Really? Yeah.
I feel pretty good except for my games.
Well, I'm just gonna hear him breathe, done me. I have SARS now.
Yeah.
Er, he could barely talk.
Well, let me ask you a question.
What is putting a few station colliders on the website have to do with Bingbing? Because I noticed he's got what is or was.
He changed that like with the matter of moment.
Uh-huh.
So quit making excuses for fat Eric up there. He can have a little chicken soup, his wife can pat him on ahead if she can find it.
And he can put this stuff on. What did he say? He said, don't give me a bunch of stuff.
Now, what we're only doing the one poll.
Although if I wanted to be a real prick, I could say, well, this is just the first hour poll and we're gonna do a different poll each hour, even during the one or two comedy bits hour.
If you want to really push me, don't push me. Do you see what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Especially under the current circumstances. Don't be making excuses for the inexcusable one. All right?
He's got a lot of lost time to make up for like the three years that he was just sitting and resting on his laurels on his big fat laurels.
Got it?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, if anybody should know you. So, so what was the bullet in there with what?
Well, how many are they going to be? How many stations do you think about third man?
The list is WBUS. We'll put the he doesn't have to add them right away. I mean, once we get the list compiled and he can put them on there, all right?
Okay.
Geez, everything is like so out of sync lately. It's just out of sync.
Just when we thought everything was going great and all of a sudden that we've been able to put them in a whole place is like coming on glue because, you know, just like, uh, just like Jack Nicholson said, you can't handle the truth.
Only in this case that you can't handle success Greg. You can't handle success. The suck part maybe, but not the rest.
You can't deal with it. So you have to keep Diddlin and Diddlin and poking and probing it and squashing and breaking and cracking.
And then he's running around with his little award, his little piece of direct there from the beeslees that in 40 cents of about a third of a cup of coffee at Rascal House of our Wesley Clark is there.
How can I try to get old Jews now?
You done to make an excuse for Eric?
Yes, sure. We got we got to one guy there that's not talking that he's on strike because he's got some kind of a financial problem.
Always want to make up a lot. What? I was just making stuff up.
Oh, well, then what's his deal today?
I don't know. That's good.
Well, you know, ask him. That's going to be real productive.
Paul show his bush slipping. The ABC news pulled just out persistent criticism on the economy and his Iraq policy like our clouding president bushes political standing creating vulnerable.
These that combined a lot. The incumbent on named Democrat a dead heat for the race 2004. In fact, he's actually trailing now.
Oh, Bush against the generic democratic candidate for the next year's election on September 13. It was 49% for Bush 44% of the Democrat, whoever it might be generic.
Now as of October 13, which is just two days ago, 46% vote for Bush 47% for any generic Democrat just about anybody anybody who went him and even better than that for those of us who want bush out out.
Among registered voters, it's even worse for the Bush Meister. He's got 44% to 49% for the generic Democrat among registered voters ready for that.
I'm ready. I'm ready for it. Let's have the election right now.
Sure that Arnold a finger to and among the Democrats who are leaning kind of like the leaning tower pizza. The ones who are like listing leaning.
Today 17% for Howard Dean. All right. That's my man Howard Dean. No BS. No, you know, Johnny completely Democrat. No, well, I'm forward on against it. He's been right on. He's had the balls right all along.
Howard Dean 17. Dick M. Hart's got 13 13% like Dick 12% Wesley Clark. They want to feed him some good. Kishka.
John Kerry who I still say John Kerry at least I would look good on Mount Rushmore, wouldn't he? Sure they got rid of no. I'm serious. He's got that craggy face.
In fact, he looks like they've already carved him from out Rushmore. If you ask me, John Kerry looks a little scary. He's got 10. Julie. We've been dropped from 22% last time to 9% in a month. He dropped from 22 to 9.
Carol mostly bronze got six. Carol mostly brown. Al Sharpton for John Edwards in between psychic readings. He's running. He's got three. And Dennis Kassinich who made it officially.
He's running yesterday is if we didn't already know who says a lot of great things. He's a good guy, but nobody likes his herpes Dennis Kassinich. Nobody has any idea who is plus. He's too short George. He's got two two percent.
Look at that. We just got the pop it up. Park copy. Nice going Troy. You demand man. You the you the main man. Vault headed Troy.
And that quite an accomplishing one of our sales people to get us a copy. That's pretty damn impressive. If you ask me. Okay, let's get back to the poll because I got like a whole pile of stuff here today.
And we got Scott is there pounding Eric you make an excuse for Eric why he can't put anymore stations on the poll unsurprisingly conscious. Why is that just the way he sounded just in general making gargling sounds. Oh good believe me that's you should probably agree with me that that's probably his best communication with us.
What is or was the greatest radio station in history of South Florida. We got 50 votes on there already. Just they're getting go the single. A lot of other stations to be put on there. I'm sure.
And you notice he's already got WBS on a city could wait. See I don't know this is the old deal again. This is part of your love hate relationship which is all hate.
And that is no matter what you say he's going to do the opposite just to be contrary to make you look like a jackass. Okay. Apparently no. No, seriously that's what he's going to do. That's why he's putting stuff on there even faster than usual just to say hey don't be making excuses for me George. Just because I'm dying over here you I'll show you how fast I can whip it out.
50 votes WSAT she is running away with 20 and that's no surprise to me. Now who is it that screw that station up that was a Paxon. Yes it was. That was funny but I'm not.
The way they didn't do up the planet they should be kicked off the planet for screwing with she. I mean there was a rock solid if you pardon that pun.
A rock solid station right there 103.5 and it took it they made it away girly station. What was the colliders. I don't know WPL or some crap like that said our call it.
And I made it something even more stupid than that. What the hell is it now 103.5 what is it crap. What's the colliders do we know I don't even know we don't even know that's how far they fall the mighty of fallen.
Man. Oh look at it what was this thing I'm revealing I never told my other host that the series wasn't over by the movie or why the X factor.
What is this? I don't look about sports. Why didn't you send that to me. Why did you forward that. I think you're the one that's off your feet you just don't know yet lady. It just hasn't hit you yet just wait.
Until gas the wonder dog. A tax 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line look at that they're showing a game again last night at 8th inning nice gone boys.
I watch the entire game which I realize I'm not jumping on a bad wagon. I'm not claiming to be a Marlon fan. I'm not trying to like siphon off a little bit.
I'm not trying to do that but I think it's pretty exciting even George when even George has seen that play over and over a whole bunch of time.
Then you know there must be something there to stick your thumb on.
My name is Paul. This is Portrayal by City.
You may have two AM.
Holy cow. Neil Rogers is right the cub sucked.
If those calls make you insane at dinner time because you're paying them to say this.
With me on the list.
Telemarketers should have no power to call you 57 times an hour.
And the shower if you want it all to end get phone calls from your friends you must insist.
Yes.
With me on the list.
What do people have to do to have any solitude.
Phone keeps ringing on the hook with some vinyl siding crook.
Charge cards replacement videos sold by dropout pin bows.
It should be a crime to tie up my phone line.
Now this thing is going to courtless these slimes are the sort who can't resist.
Common up the list.
To get decent quiet in your kitchen.
It will take a supreme court decision.
Because their lawyers files who now it's gone.
Be up to just this friend quest.
Absolutely.
Put me on the list.
Put me on the list.
Put me on the list.
1046 at 560 WQM R list 91 votes so far was the is or was the greatest radio station in South Florida.
The greatest the best the bestest is WS H e she 35.
She's only rock and roll and she ain't there no more.
Because between passion and cheap channel they after over man they screwed everybody.
W I O D 22 once upon a time boy those were the days.
And of course they had to I don't know about ancient history.
But they had the great entertainers wasn't that it?
Yeah that was it.
The great entertainers in the Reney Big Wilson Bill Carter Larry King era.
Then they went through a real floundering with Bill Smith and Sandy Peyton and that Dreck.
And then of course there was the R era.
The Golden Era first with Reney and then with Rick and Sudson a morning and yours truly and Phil Henry and the goddess.
Oh those were the days.
22 for W I O D W Q I M O D 15.
Even with all those great rock years the Ricky Tiki and all those the other dead people.
And now of course but still even though it's our stationery 15 what does that tell you Greg?
They're not as easily impressed as the bees lays Greg.
We're not getting no award from the audience.
Zeta W Z T A 7 W B U S 5 the magic bus you don't remember that do you?
No Bob Gordon was one of Bob Gordon Bob Martin was once on the magic bus.
He was I think he must be dead Bob Martin and his daughter used to be on Craig Worthing's trivia panel with Mike Spindell and all these and Jill Seville all these other losers.
But at any rate the W B U S had magic bus five six now eight what is it six W F U N three and that's because we don't have enough people old enough to remember W F U N.
You know what W F U N became?
No W N W S.
Right seven ninety and then of course now W Kuba.
What is it?
Kuba.
Kuba.
N S E M W F U N three Y 100 only three that's pretty shocking W Y N Z two W N S.
They don't have any out of 103 votes.
How about W M Y Q nobody's going to remember that I'll put it down.
W M Y Q was the precursor the predecessor to Y 100.
It was the first F M rock station in the market I do believe that Casper put that on along with Cecil Lahtel W M R Q.
And I think that's the one that lost their license because of the phony contest.
Hey Greg they lost their license because of phony contest you might want to tell the cheap channel people that.
Well look at this here's the thing for tomorrow's van here.
Well that's nice it's a little bit ahead of time.
I'll believe it when I see it and also just like I believe that check for the other three hundred and thirty five bucks is coming in or we'll get a new total from Miguel sometime anything.
That's part of it.
Well here it is I just got it see psychic powers again.
Also while we need thirty one thousand nine twenty five all we need now is seventy five bucks.
I bet you Scott could whip that out right now.
Come on Scott whip it out.
Seventy five bucks to get to thirty two thousand.
I bet you he isn't excited about Atlanta thrashers getting that tie with the Alleners last night coming from behind to two tie and they're underfeated.
The Atlanta thrashers I bet he's real excited about that aren't you Scott?
Sure.
The best station was W's oh here it is see this is what I was trying to think of in fact if you would have held a gun to my head I couldn't totally the call iters.
Well the reason is here W's CKO and in parentheses will put K one oh two that's when I was trying to think of.
That was butchered and transformed into magic one oh two point seven W's CKO K one oh two W's S H E always played the old crap that was boring.
Even when Joey and Charlie Kendall were there they were lucky to get a two point oh kind of like mode two point rhymes with Mo anything ends in a like one point or it was old point.
Oh now maybe I'm wrong maybe the old man is going to pull a big number out of his ass tomorrow.
What do you think and then he'll probably roll it around in his fingers.
He'll pull something up.
He'll pull a big number out of his ass wouldn't be the first time from what everybody tells us all the eye in the witness reports.
Okay let's get a bunch of stations on this list and quit dittling around here's for a lottery.
Hello hello yes sir.
Hey how about W's CZ4 what is it W's CZ4 wasn't that in for a lottery one time.
ZZ4.
No W's CZ4.
ZZ4 that's Reverend Jones.
Here's for a lottery. Hello.
How you doing now.
Okay.
I got a couple things for you yesterday I tried calling in Tom Green is the comedian that just makes me want to throw up.
Really?
Yeah he just doesn't do anything for me.
Used to be very funny I know it's hard to believe he used to be a funny guy.
Yeah.
And as far as your poll for today in the late 80s it was 97 GTR.
How do you GTR home of hermene McQueen right?
Yeah they had a big monkey for a mascot or whatever.
And a manager too yeah.
They did some pretty good music back then but still I think WSH was one of the best.
But GTR belongs on her Gator radio.
Thanks a lot Neil.
Have a great time.
It wasn't Gator radio but now that I think about it why wasn't it Gator radio.
It was guitar radio.
No it wasn't.
Okay.
Was it?
Yeah.
Good day.
They taught it for the first all digital rock and roll station.
Wow I'm really impressed how about that and of course it's the coast they're playing a slush.
Hey it's 82 degrees in the magic city and here's some more slush from the coast.
Here's some our glory as step on free to puke your guts out and if you don't like that wait till we have what's his name?
What's his name?
Bolton what Michael Bolton.
Oh I'm Bolton from the room when I hear him.
See I'm trying to push some of these things out of my mind.
I do remember though Jerry Banfield ejects in Harness Raceway.
Mr. Turmite the 6th horse now that was Mike Novik Jr.
What is her was the greatest radio station in the history of South Florida?
WSHE she has 52.
She's only rock and roll baby and she's now a dead dead dead WIOD 34 QA M-19 Greg.
They're not so impressed with your crap.
Zeta 8.
Bus the bus WBUS 6.
Fun for WFUN.
Y103.
Look at that he's already got K-102 on her.
See quick make an excuse for that fat slug.
Y103 WIOD.
R&Z 2.
Magic has gotten none and K-102 just went on her.
But you watch K-102 is going to zoom in there.
They had a lot of people like it.
People like really hard rock they liked it hard.
That's where they'd find it.
Here's a call from Boker.
Hello.
Spy report.
Right cluster.
Vegas.
Sixth Street.
That's Pete Lutty.
That's why?
That was Pete Lutty.
Roy!
That was Pete Lutty.
That was Pete Lutty.
We hate you Pete Lutty.
I take back anything that I said about you a week or two ago and stop faxing me and don't
bug me and don't ever call me again and just go the hell away.
We can't stand you.
Anybody that used to work there is a sales hold that's calling talk shows.
I hope that the people that he's working for now are listening to that.
He's busy calling talk shows instead of peddling whatever crappies peddling these days.
Well I'm sponsored on your state.
I don't give a crap what you're sponsored.
Okay.
Go the hell away.
Pete Lutty you idiot you.
I just took care of him.
Did you really go running down block him out?
Bro!
He's a crap.
Here's a call from Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Yeah I knew how you though.
Yes sir.
Neil could you look into something I you remember that play where Alex Gunzollas may be
Arab for the cups.
Yes I certainly do.
I want you to look into this.
I think they look into one.
They put in our Alex Gunzollas.
Put one switch you know like a patty doof thing.
That was our Alex Gunzollas.
Right.
They could have said that.
Nobody knew.
And that's how they do.
I definitely don't look anything at all alike other than that.
Right.
567.0560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
What about clever?
Huh?
No.
No.
It was almost as good as the PD Lenny call.
Boy that's really I mean how did you recognize that so fast?
Oh please.
What's the what goes what what goes before please what's that word?
Nigger.
Here's a call from a Royal Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil that last guy was born as hell.
Yes he was.
This is going to go back a little while but you remember 99 IZD.
No.
No kickass rock and roll.
What was it called letters?
Kickass rock on 99 IZD.
I don't remember what the call letters are like W IZD or something like that.
Z I Z D.
Yeah.
Wizard radio.
Yeah.
It was kickass rock and roll which I used to think was pretty uh.
We're at that station.
That's what Palm Beach.
Oh I was Palm Beach okay have a great day.
Wait we're not talking about Palm Beach.
Well I see I blew it because I said the history of South Florida.
You know what we mean by South Florida not a lot.
I know.
I don't know.
I don't forget about Palm Beach.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
Our friends in Palm Beach County we love you folks and even a guy who just called means
well yada yada but stop stop stop.
It's like old King Cole and Jack Cole and uh.
You know I mean we love Bob and Tom but they're not like a Palm Beach.
They're just not.
They're not.
They're not like a whole bunch of affiliates.
But the idea that Palm Beach County that anybody in databroward knows, listens to.
It's like that breathless call I got from Norma about 850.
Oh my god.
850.
Anybody in South and databrowardless to 850?
No.
We don't know.
We don't care.
We don't want to know.
Norma stop calling me.
My life and locals.
This is 4205 60.
QA2A.
You dredged back in?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh!
String, string, your own.
String, string, your own.
She said I was true or peace.
String something before a leap.
Now she's got me with gumbees.
I got it from Linda Energy.
My goal's as up, down.
My head's spinning around and around.
I haven't slept for three days now.
Whoa!
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Some weight broke and gave me a rage.
How many drugs do I have to pay?
My hair's calling out at if it were to be.
Since I saw Linda Energy,
know that my heart's been going wild.
It feels like I wanted to kill that kill.
And concentration, that's an end, you.
I'm a perpetrator.
These outpending drugs all day.
And that drops away,
but who is your rage?
Production has been since it's okay.
A physician is his name.
My goal's as up, down.
My head's spinning around and around.
I haven't slept for three days now.
Whoa!
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Ben, Ben, you're a bandie's own event.
Ben, you're a pony's own event.
Ben, you're a pony's own event.
Ben, you're a pony's own event.
A physician is his name.
And of course the best part of this is Linda Energy's
sister radio name.
Her real name is A. Asshole.
Which I thought was always kind of amusing.
It's the Lovetto 02 at 568 W and Q.A.
I'm one of the great radio stations and one of these 70 or 80 best
in the history of Dayton Brawards.
She is running away with it, you know?
Well, WID's hanging in a pretty strong second.
We got lots more to put on there.
Let's put these on there right now before we wait for the audience.
How about WEDR 99 jams in parentheses?
How about WHQT?
How about 105 in parentheses?
How about WKAT?
Of course, the CAT.
How about WLVE for the jazz buffs out there?
How about WACC FM?
The real WACC.
See if you put WACC FM at differentiates.
Right?
You have to make the distinction.
Absolutely.
Should we put WACC AM?
No, get out of here.
That's like a trade-o thing.
It's not even like a way of that.
It's like putting surf on there, you know?
You know, you can put these over there with their damn precious parking spaces over there
in the old Paxen building, which they should only quote.
Jack Mark and who is the other one?
Oh, whatever.
Jack has.
You know, Jack has and Jack Mark.
X marks the spot.
You're an idiot, Jack.
And by the way, no, you can't have your parking.
I think what I'm going to do when I come to town is I'm just going to go over there and
park one of my cars in the spot and just leave it there.
Oh, man.
I'm telling you, I got the grips just today, but you said it's good to get it out of
your system.
Yeah.
When it down, keep like, break it out.
Don't you get out.
So today, anybody bringing the 75 bucks out.
Now this is not like 335.
Now I'm going to start getting ported because if we can't get in that building with all
the heavy hitters, we got in there 75 measly, measly dollars.
Think of this the 32 grand, which we're creeping along for Ben and Pat rescue.
There are cats and dogs that are going to be left in the litter of life.
We'll get it.
I'm sure someone will want to buy that.
We'll get it.
I just got this feeling 75 bucks.
We ought to be able to come up with that.
I'll go take a collection during the next break.
No, I'm serious.
What kind of crap is that?
I have to sit here on the ear.
We got people in there making six figures.
Some of them just basically stealing it out of the company.
We got this basket.
Why?
This plant-parahead basket of condoms.
I'll just dump the condoms out of it.
Artuska to task you.
Take the basket out of the hallway.
We raised some cash.
We need 75 bucks before noon.
Before noon, we're not going to dick around with us all day for Lausier's 75 dollars.
I'll say that right now, Mr. 75 bucks.
And there's still, oh, well, we're listening to power 96.
We're listening to Kess or something.
Anything else?
Always got to go to excuse you.
Cheap bastards you.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He ripped my choice a minute ago.
I was going to say 1, 16 a.m. back in the morning here.
But I did love to see him warning each other.
That was great.
And I'm trying to get some stuff from your van.
But you guys are never ran.
I might say, oh, I'm going to keep plugging.
OK, keep plugging.
Maybe we're going on our website to do that.
I'm going to put my money on playoff tickets.
I'm like, pretty close to tap that.
OK.
I have a great day.
And you too.
Go steal some money.
In fact, maybe somebody in the hallway out there
has got some cash they're ready to bring into us.
Just steal it.
Think there's anybody in the hallway
creeping up there, 75 bucks.
Probably like if everybody in the building
would contribute a dollar, right?
We'd be over the $32,000 mark.
That's all it would take.
We don't want to put too much pressure on you people.
But because I understand the times are really tough.
Everybody in that place is really paranoid and psychotic
because they work for Greg Reed and Abisley.
And they're not sure when the next budget cuts are coming.
Because we have some people in that building who are just squeezing.
I mean, just squeezing it.
Like squeezing a zit.
Same thing.
Just popping the checks out of that place.
And what are they doing?
We turn.
They go around.
They pat people on the head, stuff like that.
Touch the trophy.
They touch the trophy, too.
Yeah, they touched it.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Before your time, but back in the early 60s,
when I was in high school, the average only
one radio station, that was QAM.
And I think the guy that wears the beanie now on his head,
he was the original DJ.
Was it Rick Shaw?
Rick Shaw, right.
And that was really the only station on the air.
No, there was no.
No, there was WIOD.
Well, as far as I know, QFUN.
WFUN.
The thing that the teenagers listen to.
But he doesn't know how to rock and roll.
WFUN.
That was later on.
It was?
Yeah, yeah, there was only one station.
Telling you.
Really from the end.
But you remember, um, from an old colonial building on Ripple?
56.
That's it.
That's it.
I know what's it.
That old colonial building on Ripple, you know,
that little, um, Rick building.
Yeah, but that wasn't that.
That was GBS.
Well, that was WCG.
No, no, no, no.
WCGF?
That was GBS.
With Al Stockmeyer?
Al Stockmeyer?
Right.
I have no idea who that is.
OK, I get it.
No, that was WGBS.
And the interesting part of it is the address was 710,
Brickal Avenue.
And they were 710 on the dial.
Remember that?
Yes, yeah.
Well, that can't wait that.
No, WCG was like 1130 or something like that.
Right.
Yeah, so that they were really good.
Voice of Pearl Gables.
Yeah, that's right.
It was amazing.
50,000 watts and all of it went straight up into the sky.
Unless you were like two miles from the transmitter,
you couldn't hear it.
Yeah, you're right.
Listen, I want to tell you, the other night and the middle
of the night, they were saying incidentally,
also George Norris, a very right-wing guy,
a coast guard, very right-wingy tricycle.
Very distal we needed.
Yeah, really.
Right-wing paranormal guy.
But they were saying that George Bush was ahead, like,
up 56%.
And I'd like to hear you saying he's down.
Well, that was another pull.
I had that the other day, too.
But here's the latest ABC poll.
I was just taking two days ago.
And they're claiming he's in the behind.
Fantastic.
Hey, man, have a great day.
Say how to, uh, Ken Mulder.
Ella, who did you say, El Noree?
No, I mean, the guy before she was talking about from,
you know, I don't know.
I was thinking about the Cubs in the Marlins.
Just to let you know, it says 103.5 is now the beat,
playing hip hop.
Well, that's, uh, men in black, isn't it?
MIB?
Okay, I guess.
I don't know.
Well, wait a minute.
The beat, I don't know.
Tell me they changed again.
No, it's MIB.
Or am I thinking of another station?
I can't keep track of somebody these sparks
or I mean hip hop station.
Right.
Do I stop, uh, keep in track?
103.5 is now the beat as the wind and doubt beat it out.
Playing hip hop and R&B is competition for WEDR
to under the callers.
Have a good day.
WMIB.
Well, we're not going to put that on there.
There will only been in that format for five minutes
by the end of the show.
They'll be playing Chinese oldies, you know?
Would go eight people, your handles,
it just keeps shuffling to that peak,
just keeps shuffling to that,
just keeps sucking a lot of corporate ass Pete.
That's a way to do it.
We don't care if you get gangrene of the tongue.
It just keeps sucking that corporate ass,
Pete.
You're a sass and you grave robber.
You murder or you?
And what Michael Powell and this FCC have done
and his predecessors to the once fine business of radio
that I've spent 43 years of my freaking miserable life
and it's just pathetic.
I was listening to that real radio stuff.
Now I have my speakers on my computer.
Mm-hmm.
And I keep thinking, boy, this was the day
when all of these personalities,
you turned on a radio to hear somebody.
Not just here at Dukebox.
I'm talking about on a music station.
You wanted to hear Lee Allen Detroit or Dick Purtner,
the other people on Keener 13.
You wanted to hear personalities, people who meant something,
people who had talent, people who were funny,
people who were entertaining,
people with great voices, people who meant something,
as opposed to, it's 82 along the coast, that crap.
We got ju-box radio now is what we got.
That's all we got, a big ju-box.
Just crank it out the hits, you know?
All those great pams, jingles we used to have, the jingles.
I might just get my little speaker up to the mic again
here today if you don't watch it.
All right, go for it.
As a matter of fact, since you were talking
about so much about Wolfman Jack yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
W-B-Z is not singing in the blue.
We're playing the grease, we got.
This is the only The Wildlife Trilion,
and it's good to have you with us for still waiting
for two more girls to show up and begin.
The greatest grease of all time.
Gorillac, ain't no much greatest grease.
The whole time, W-B-Z, open.
Duke W, Westing Outrock, Captain.
Oh, here he is.
W-B-Z, open.
Oh, my, my.
You got your key, little monkey,
what's this name that got you rolled out of my head?
I ready to go.
There's a need on the love of you.
Red and blue love is a hero with love.
Oh, my, your world.
Oh, my, my baby.
I ain't there to go, but my 57 tucking roads.
Sheppily with a douler hard-getter stand to spit,
find a phone, don't sell them off that disgrace.
Don't splash back as you dig it.
And I ready to rock and roll,
and on top of that, I'm high.
You high, high, high, high.
Oh, my, my baby.
I ain't there to go, but my 57 tucking roads.
I ain't there to go, but my 57 tucking roads.
I ain't there to go, but my 57 tucking roads.
Oh, you look good, I want to tell you,
baby, you girls really get that.
I ain't kidding around there.
We got some dances out here tonight.
Don't forget now, we're just a half an hour away.
From Wolfman, jacket and naked right here.
And what about the second one, get naked right now?
Right after I do this here.
Dance, get me.
I don't know.
W-B-Z, in the stand.
He's the one who keeps on riding.
He's riding some of the sweet surges.
Oh, I'm getting naked.
I got my shadow, wait a minute.
I'm gonna take my pants off right now.
Take it in all off for you, baby, tonight right here.
I'm double-beez-Z.
Second on you, we're going to be sweetened.
If I'm blind, I'm not going to give my pants off right now.
Don't feel good all over.
Hold on a second.
I'm gonna take my shorts off in a minute.
I think I'm gonna take this here.
Dance, stop, so right here.
Get me naked at 10, 30.
It's like I promised you.
It's gonna be a one-fand.
I can't make it, but you can't get it, you understand?
Right here, double-beez-Z.
Second on you, we're going to be sweetened.
And then it goes into the sock.
You see that right there?
Ah, they're blind.
They can take it, they open the doors, they can hear me.
They're open to door one time.
Yeah, right there, blind.
They're blind, naked, what?
Come here.
You're hair look right here.
And I tell you now, I'm naked.
I can make it out to you, so.
And I will set this next record out to Perry Baskoo.
Of Quincy High School, yes I am.
I call him the bandgoam musicals music, I'm the leader.
I love the parod you listen to me.
Get it all, man.
And join me.
Just get naked, run around your house.
Make yourself feel good.
Just like what you're on the radio today, right?
Oh, yeah.
No.
Vibrant.
Right.
Well, it could be fired for that.
That's right, in fact, he never see him and for all together?
No, same person.
I think for all of it was the reincarnation of the Wolfman.
Anyway, like I started to say, that was back in the days when it was great.
Now your radio sucks.
Just take your radio other than QAM, other than that.
Just burn your radio.
Find a way to like take the left end, the left end of the radio and keep it.
And the rest of it just, Schmidt can't.
It tosses into the fire.
Toss it into a ring of fire, which Johnny Cash's remains.
God, what they've done.
It's really, it's just pathetic.
Tragic.
14 past 11 at 5, 60 W.
QAM with our great AAM signal.
But we are digital, okay?
Have one of those fans just made you ready?
Look at this digit.
Attention, horse racing fans speaking of, oh, and I was Mr. Red.
Pompe no park is open for its 40th anniversary season right now as I speak.
Well, almost.
The track features top-class nighttime horse racing and high stakes poker.
There's a new post-time 7.05 PM for the first race.
And the poker room is open, noon to midnight, every live racing day,
which is every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, as in tonight.
Pompe no park is also open seven days a night's a week with a best-simal casting from all over the universe.
Harness, thoroughbred, high-night action all across North America,
free to watch and plunge your guts on.
And don't forget the general parking and admission are always free at Pompe no park.
Brad Kramer on the outside, him again, Brad.
Come on, hit him in the ass.
New this season is a 20% increase in persons and I have to give away
a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play rewards program
that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker
that you can read the imprecisional gifts and betting vouchers too.
And here comes Chris Christoffer running inside just tipping his way to the stretch.
Airbnb went to the night like tonight is dollar-night for draft beer hot dogs.
So does much more just like Lucien Fontaine.
Each Friday night in October, a sea escape night with reprise drawings for fans,
age 18 in order to win one of 10 per tickets on the sea escape.
So lots of good reasons to check out Pompe no park during our big,
our gigantic humongous 40th anniversary season.
Pompe no park, a blocked out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road,
for the new race schedule.
Go on web at Pompe no park.com or call 9549722000.
Don't forget live racing 705 tonight and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday,
Pompe no park. We're back.
I bet the local of this season is 560.
The radio is on your side.
Q&A.
I can't remember back when I was two.
I said when I go up that's what I wanted you.
But now it's run by creating corporate holdings and serums.
That only fair about the bottom by not you.
They are of different power as the land.
We try to see you always that he pushes friends.
And tilts and snow it's been for you to hear instead.
Can we all know your race was wired out?
Can we all know they're budgeted?
We're challenging the radio of stars.
We are challenging the radio of stars.
It's a morning and the challenge is gone.
It sounds the same nobody where you are.
The cyber radio you want we take its place.
They hold the satellite and form it out at least.
And find the way for thousands of hours in the fan.
And they like fat tech and those all the late on the air.
K-O-B-L-R.
Not 10 minutes long, great.
Your challenge is the radio of stars.
Your challenge is the radio of stars.
Your challenge is the radio of stars.
Your challenge is the radio of stars.
Oh this is great.
They're going nuts in Chicago baby.
You watching any of this?
They are having a nervous breakdown.
The security had to escort that punk out of it.
And I just watched it again several more times.
And I was fan interference.
The Marlowe's got a real break there because that ball was in the field of play.
It was out over the edge of the seats.
It was in the field of play.
But nevertheless too bad.
And of course has nothing to do with the Arabi-Aliot's Gonzalez or all the other stuff that happened.
And all the hits in the, you know.
But nonetheless they had a legitimate point there but too freaking bad.
But that they had to escort him out.
And his friend had to pull his sweatshirt over his face to hide his identity.
Right.
And they just had one guy in there who was trying to out him.
He said he tried to pull the sweatshirt off so the camera could get his...
So they could find out who it was so they could go and kill him.
Let's get him.
Come on.
Here you go.
You won't be doing that in no more.
Yeah.
There's a price on his head already.
You idiot.
I'm here to see you.
How many, how big?
About 30, man.
Yeah, 1000.
Here's a fact from Mitch and Miami who says that Mitch is absolutely correct.
How can we forget?
I-95, especially now that Don Cox has passed away.
I-95.
What are the colors?
W-I-N-Z-F-M.
Got it?
Got it.
Oh, there's a little bit more of that good gas.
Luckily it's only coming out of my throat.
It ain't coming out of my mouth.
Correcto.
Not at all.
I reckon it smells like lilacs this morning.
It's the Rochester Rift.
I'll take your word for it from Lika.
It does.
It's lovely.
But my-it's got a lot of gas.
I don't know what.
I have no idea what that's all about.
And I will put one Palm Beach station on list and rightfully so deservedly so because it is a great radio station within its own realm.
W-R-M-F.
You don't agree?
Whatever.
197.3.
What is 197.9?
I'm sorry.
197.3 is the coast.
We're not putting the coast on there.
Are we?
Oh, come on, man.
No, Michael Bolton would be-
No, screw Michael Bolton and Gloria Steffon.
Maybe they can do each other, huh?
Oh, God.
What a match made in Perkettor.
I don't know.
That was good when you can get it.
Get out of here.
W-R-M-F has got a big booming signal, man.
It's got a signal just like a moose voice.
A big booming centaurion voice.
Absolutely.
Oh, man.
Is he a piece of crap or what?
I'll find out just how big a turd he is.
Maybe even bigger than that one I was in a car the atoyar that day.
Tomorrow when the numbers come out one o'clock, then we'll see.
Of course, in the morning, he's saying for a-
He'll ride it.
He'll ride it on Friday and on Monday morning.
Oh, look at this.
The morning went up.
I know that I'm responsible and thanks to my good buddy Scott from Railway.
Speaking to me these days, but nevertheless, look at where kick and ass in the morning.
It's right.
And then of course on Monday afternoon, or whenever, whatever time you actually get the breakdown
the hour by hour, then speaking of a breakdown, he's going to have one.
Absolutely.
When he sees he's got like ones and for else got sevens and eights and men, he's got one.
There is a play again in case you missed it.
And again, and there is again.
You see the-
You want to caught it?
You want to caught it.
Oh, there's no question about that.
But the point is he's reaching over the stands out of the field of play, which means his fan interference.
And he should have been called out automatically.
But the umpire is blew it.
Well too bad.
Oh, this guy's going to be leaving town very, very soon.
You know what?
He will not be seen in Chicago no time soon at punk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what about the old time WRBD, Rockin' Big Daddy?
Yeah, WRBD.
That's-
It was-
You did a fair with everybody's radio when you got a high-trace.
Yeah, like, almost like 530 or something like that.
What about it?
I think it was like about 370 on AM dials.
Yeah, yeah, way down.
You're looking here on a term spike when you were right by their big tower.
No matter what you were listening to, it would block it out.
Exactly.
And how about between 1 to 2?
How about a big block of your umpire?
One right after another?
I would love that.
A-a-a-moblock?
Yeah.
A block.
No problem.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
Yeah.
What do you say, huh?
The mow bits the better.
Oh my god.
That's such an upstanding guy like Rodney King who got all of that money, by the way.
I guess he couldn't just get along.
Rodney King, who's videotaped beating by a police officer in his park to 92 Los Angeles riots,
has been arrested in suburban Rialto, California for allegedly beating his girlfriend law enforcement authority
said yesterday.
Joanne Naser, NAN, can't be answered, is only one S, one S.
Joanne Naser said 38-year-old king attempted to choker and punched her in the stomach.
All right.
During an argument that began Friday evening court to Rialto police sergeant Randy DeAnda.
Remember Tom DeAndrea played Gilles on life of Riley?
Don't remember that?
I mentioned Bokobrana.
As he's already puking his guts out laughing now.
Uh, King was taken into custody after Naser called police Saturday.
He was released Monday after posting 45 grand bail, according to DeAnda.
The district attorney is looking at the case he said.
King is currently on probation having pleaded guilty of driving out of the influence of a controlled
substance and reckless driving after arrest in August.
Well, I mean, he was clean in September.
It's only in the middle of October now.
King first became a public figure in the 92 trials of the LA California police officers accused of beating him during a 91 arrest
which had been in videotape led to widespread riots, yada yada yada.
The verdict seemed incomprehensible to have been seen in videotape of King because four officers were acquitted,
two were later convicted in federal court of violating his civil rights.
Uh, they saw the King who was black being beaten countless times by four white police officers.
The right, I guess they were trying to beat some sense in it, but they failed.
The right began the afternoon after the verdicts were announced, became one of the nations of bloodies,
and the three days later, with 55 people, they'd more than 2300 injured, 1100 buildings destroyed.
King also won.
Here's the part that I love.
King won a 3.8 million dollar settlement in civil rights lawsuit against the city of LA,
but he's been in out of jail since then.
Well, only 3.8 million.
You know?
Yeah, what's that?
I'm going to cut it.
He has twice spent 90 days in jail for Mr. Meener domestic abuse convictions.
He is a scumbag.
We are not putting W.O.K.
We'll put it on there.
WS RF.
See, are not WS RF originally van Patrick, the former voice of the Alliance, put that on the ear in Fort Lauderdale,
16, 17, 80 or whatever.
And then when you're thinking of it as one was like all brokered with those assholes from the tax and building, right.
And then of course, then it became the fan W.A.F.N. for about two minutes.
So we'll put WS RF on there, serve radio, WTMI,
thoroughly departed WTMI.
Oh, WTMI is the one that's now at MIB, right?
No, what is TMI?
PartiMI is party radio, party mouth radio.
Maybe for all you get a job under, party mouth radio.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, for all is a wolf man jack.
Most of the people don't know that yet.
We brought them out of the closet.
27 past 11 at 560 WTQM.
Hey, if you're working in a really crappy job like poor Scott there who's so depressed that you ain't even speak today,
if you don't have two nickels to rub together of current Zant giving any, here's the answer.
Get out of that mess.
Get yourself a real computer career at fast train.
Todd Wreckle, Ted Yolabar, we'll give you a Todd's home number a little bit later.
Call fast train tool free at 1-866 fast train.
They can have you trained in certified before years in at a great computer career.
Not just a job, but a career you'll have some skills, man.
The demand for computer professionals is gigantic.
So now is the smart time to get you a new high paying career and get a paycheck worth the cash.
Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules.
And with four locations right in South Florida, there's bound to be one nearby you.
Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too.
So what he got to lose beside a dead end job and some butt plug boss called fast train today tool free at 1-866 fast train.
And be sure plays it'll be mighty important to your future mentioned at Todd Direct.
Talk to you to call check them out of the web first at fast train.com and then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
And there comes a name.
And then make that call 1-866 fast train.
I didn't do any of that.
I wont sell this part anymore.
I will sell this part.
People who have been troubles all this time,
most 80 people are 0.
People who have been trouble all this time,
In happy on Nebraska, his spatic man has spoke to his five-year-old daughter in Espanol
as murdered to use primarily English around the girl as a condition of his visitation
rights.
County Judge Ronald E. Reagan.
Yes, his name, that's his name.
County Judge Ronald E. Reagan said the child doesn't understand Spanish and her father
should speak to her in the language she'd be knowing.
Iloy Amador, who was released from jail seven months ago after serving a five-year sentence
for drug possession, told the judge that he spoke Spanish to the girl to share his
culture not to force a language honor.
I don't come to her speaking in Spanish, but there are times when I try to teach her
what her hair is in Spanish, what hand is, stuff like that, Amador said during a September
15 hearing on visitation.
The judge didn't oppose such instruction, but said the rest of the communication should
be in English for the sake of the girl's education.
The principal former communication during the periods of visitation is going to be English
Reagan said, this doesn't mean that you can't instruct and teach you the Hispanic language.
Okay?
The Hispanic language?
The Hispanic language.
Speak.
Okay.
Well, there's no like not Spanish, but the Hispanic language, they come and you know all
you speak, have that same, you know, hey, get basil, you know, that's them.
The ruling is a victory for the girl's mother, Michaela Kraineski.
Oh, Polak, who requested that Amador speaking was the condition of visitation.
I can't blame that Polish bitch.
Calls to Kraineski's lawyer, we're not returned yesterday.
Amador's attorney, John Allen Sellers, no relation to Peter or Mochza Jaki, Johnny Sellers.
Oh.
And what's the other seller?
What are whatever is the name of?
Or Tom Sellers.
City was surprised that the judge would consider a restraint such as this based on racial or cultural
difference of the parents.
She probably picked up on insane, to Madrid, to the Pudina.
No, say, I'll be in Glacier, no, say, I'll be in Glacier, no, say, I'll be in Glacier,
okay.
Now somebody says WC here in a wackert twist.
Yeah, we remember that, are we going to put that on there?
Oh, you've got that there somewhere, the wackert twist.
I'm sure it's not in here.
Is it?
I don't know.
Oh, no, it's not.
Not in here, like I said, I'm sure.
Now somebody gives us a radio, a soft-loader radio lesson, it says first it says where's
Mitch Wien and...
Roy!
Pressman, I don't know.
How long sure Mitch is still with the conspiration, right?
Who?
Fix it.
Fix it, what?
Fix it this.
Fix it, this fix to me?
Yes.
Why?
Because you're talking about radio.
Well, I think he's wrong.
W w., blind was W C. K R and then became W w, and did again.
W Map Hiq 96.3, contest broad became W Pepew 96.5.
They lost the license and MP, W oc N, place 3 of a kind and no idea what that's supposed
to mean.
and W-A-1-A, which is AI-A, the colors, but was W-A-1-A your music way with Alan Anderson.
Remember Alan Anderson one of the most? One of those boring IOD people. Oh, they went through a really boring period, you know?
Yeah. I'm serious. That was like the Bill Smith era in Sandy Payton, just boring. Alan Anderson.
Well, I don't, but I think fix it is wrong. It says, became WGTR and then the coast. I don't think so.
I could be wrong, but I think A-1-A was what was, we used to be Waxi FM.
Was it? I'm not sure. I'm pretty sure. What's the frequency? 105.9, which is now big?
I think it was, that was A-1-A, your music way. And then it became Waxi FM, and then Greg, but that was on there for about 10 minutes.
And of course we don't want to forget Greg's good buddy. It's a good time for the great team. He might be right because I have a candy game.
Neil, this is Noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Don't step on rules. A good way to start. Now what do you, he might be right?
Yeah, because I have a, like a candy dish that I got at WIOD that they had in an old closet and it had W-A-1-A and WIOD.
Like from when they were both in the same building.
Yeah. So that's one of the other words because Cox owned a station on that frequency that Guarantees, the other person.
He's right. He should know. He ought to know he's an engineer. He knows his craft that fix it.
Anything that we need to put on here? About what?
Stations that we missed that we don't mind. 95. Well, let's see what he's got on there right now.
Okay. Oh, man, I got the old gas up the throat. Ask.
No, not the ass. Thank goodness. Bad for your roids. Bad for your...
Boys.
I know. I think he's got it all right up to the minute, up to the second W-A-I-A.
Is he got that A-1-A? That's what we need to put on there. W-A-I-A.
Got it? Got it. Now you interrupted me in a very pro. Oh, yeah. How about the 75 bucks? How's that coming?
Adam is going to give it to us. How about the money? That's it.
Oh. Adam from sales is giving us 75 bucks. That's here for Adam, okay?
He's a little bit of a ding bag. He's a little eat-a-thunkery.
He's a good guy. He means well. And he never stole a freight train.
And he wants to know where I'll write some copy that there's only two or three mistakes in it.
Thank you, Adam. You're the best man. He's the only one in sales he's more talking about.
So I've always been that way. At least it's consistent, right? Well, Troy's a good guy.
No, no. Troy is a slacker. He's got a good guy.
But when it comes to like servicing his account, like Brandy's is coming up.
Do we have the new tag for Brandy's yet? No.
No, I have no idea what it's supposed to be. Let me take a look at the log and see when that spot is coming.
I believe it. Yeah. First spot of the night. No, no.
Now, do we have the new tag for Brandy's? No. It's already Wednesday. It's the middle of the week.
So I know he's going to be letting me down there again. I had a scream and how her just to get the pom-pom-pom copy.
So don't be giving me a son of an ass about Troy. He puts on a nice swab smooth act.
He's got a smooth swab ball spot on his head. But other than that, he's just one of them.
You know? No, I don't believe it. He had my sympathy vote for why would it's bad back.
But then again, Rosh had a bad back too. And now that Troy's got Wilma's phone number, he'll be feeling a lot better.
Maybe I'll get a copy this week. Troy's boy. He'll get a something.
Here's a call from Chicago. Supposedly. Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing? Okay, sir. Sorry about that. Sorry.
You would think everyone wants to kill the guy. But I haven't met anyone.
I mean, talking on the train to people in the way to work this morning. Everyone's like, well, yeah, we're stupid.
But the Cubs just flat blew it. But the way you watch during the news, it's like, you know, we're...
The TN is ready. They got a lynch mob going now. They want to find a son of a bitch. They want to kill him right there on TV on WGN.
Now, if the Cubs lose tonight, I believe there will be a lynching. I mean, I don't know.
I think, you know, it's like, well, okay, we can still do it tonight.
I think if they can't find a guy, they might go after Dusty Baker.
Well, how many times have you seen a fan of the experience last night?
I post a interview here that night. I didn't hear that.
But you know what? He was right. I did it. Last time I watched it, I didn't notice it was fan interference.
They blew the call. Well, I know I want to talk about that though.
But they didn't make the error. It sure stopped the empires. They also didn't give up all those errors.
It's all the results of the room for the plate. He's not going to throw it at anybody.
Right. You know, and I guess the security guards were running that guy around the stadium trying to sneak him out of the exit.
Yeah, they showed it on CNN. They showed it on CNN. They put it...
Well, the cameras kept finding him and the crowd kept figuring out who he was. Right.
So, like, they gave him a jacket. And they put it over his head. Yeah. Well, yeah, he put a jacket over guys that, hey, I wonder who they're hiding.
Well, listen, if the margames were the night there, let us know what time the execute is going to be tomorrow. We'll put it on the air.
Hey, I'll talk to you pictures for you, but on the website. Thanks, pal.
Love you guys. See you.
Here's a list of Mr. Kago's listening on the internet right now on neo-rogers.com, who says they're going to kill a son of a bitch.
They're not feeling too bad right now, but if they do lose tonight, then he will fear them.
You are an old. This is 420 or 560.
2AM.
I have to pick the rest of my son, Sarah Carter.
Who will make the cops wrong? The cops will wrong. I only expect you up with the card for the shots, but it doesn't matter.
In this time, look who loves you, close your mouth, and let us catch him. No surprise, no white theater is made.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I think I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was
a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more than I was a little bit more
say you- what do you think you think you're going to be doing that you're going to be doing that and no votes none for R."MF III to Bill
and no votes None toSNNN seventh toSNNN i.R.MF I to
your favorite South Florida radio station of all time. No, not your favorite. The best.
See? Well, they're the only vote for their favorite. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
line. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're missing the country giant
WGNA. What is it? WGNA Jerry Wichner did daytime country music. GNA and N is a Nancy.
Girl Mike. Oh, M.A. Yeah, WGNA. That was in Hollywood, right? Right. That's right. And Jerry
Wichner was on there. And you know, also with the surfing she thing. Remember surf. I mean,
she was quadrasonic for a while. Really? Transmitting in quad. Yeah. It had four separate channels.
I'll be there to get your quadrasonic speakers. And then A.M. they tried to do A.M. stereo on surf.
That was like the big thing. It never went through. Well, the only problem with that is because
they were like 1800 in the down. You get one channel. I mean, other ones like off the
edge of your radio. Yeah, surf was actually a 1580. I think it was. No, I think it was a
1580 or 1590. I don't know. Somewhere up there. But now it's fan to the A.M. band, right?
So it goes up like 17 something, I guess. Yeah, sure. It sure helped the the fan, didn't it?
50. Right. 1580. I just looked it up on the net right. WS R1584. Lauderdale. Mystic
1580's format is tailored for Southwesters perverse community. Mystic. So they changed
the floor mat again. That's great. That'll help. That's Laman. Now remember WRVD was actually
downstairs at K 102 in the same building off a rock island road. That'll be damned.
They were coming from the same place. The actual site was right there. I worked at K 102
part time. And that was the end of FM radio was when they brought in consultants. How come
they a signal was so bad though? That was the reason that K 102 really had a problem.
They couldn't compete with she because they're signal sucked. And then whoever when they
bought change it to a magic. Right. Peed on the tower or something. I think sunny Fox
could pee on the tower every day. Yeah, the guys that owned it originally were not really
music people or radio people. And they sold it to another group of lawyers or something like
that. But the cool thing about 102 reason why people liked it was is the DJs were actually
given the freedom to play the hit record off the album and then go to a record deep into
the album and make your own choice. And that was like a big deal back then. You know,
somebody was actually playing something that wasn't the consultant point column exactly
what the play. I'll be there. A little bit of radio. Thanks for the history man. Have
a great day. Bye. How about Willie B? He was playing with stuff that the consultants
never told him to play. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. He was on I
95 with Earl DeParle and Don Cox. Hey, listen to this. What's that? $75 check from
Adam. Oh, right. Maybe we had another one. Thanks Adam. You're the best. Well, you're
okay. Of course, you don't have much to beat in that sales department. No, seriously,
I appreciate that. Very nice. It's a nice suggestion. Nobody else in here gives a crap.
They all pretend they you know, they left their checkbook at home. They didn't hear me.
They don't give a crap about abandoned pay rescue. They don't care about us. Well, you know,
we'll see when those numbers come out tomorrow, whether they're really good or not. You know,
then maybe they'll care about us and then maybe they won't. And then maybe they won't
care about. No, no, no, absolutely. Well, I can't wait for those hour by hour. When I'm
on vacation, I'm going to be like, we're going to have to put those on our website so I can
see him. Okay. I'll fast. I'll carry it. I want to see them on our website. You got it.
Here's a call from Miami. When is this? It stands on its own. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I can't believe these already. Cup fans are coming up with a lame excuse
that this poor fellow cost on that game last night. The poor fellow. You mean the asshole that
reached out on the plane. You know, I see a world. I guess you know, and they can come up with a better
excuse. A lame excuse that this poor kid cost on the game last night. Give me a break. Why do you keep
saying this poor kid? He's an idiot. Neil, if that would have been some kid there in a
P. P. Park and then it's in the Marlins, you'd be screaming bloody murder right now.
You'd have nothing to do with that. There'd be a lynch mob. The cops. You and you need the first one
online, man. You'd have a macheteer in your hand right now. Don't you? Can be. Yes, sir. Call one of
the sports. You know, it's an spewed at crap. Okay. I mean, I'm glad to see the Marlins are doing good
because like I said, I'm not a fan, but it's good for the town. You know, we need something. Sure.
Something to hop on a bandwagon. Something over there. Something positive. The Panther said.
The undefeated Panthers. They got all of a sudden. No, you see, he's so hockey intensive. Right.
They're going to win again as much hockey and two things happen. Scott pipes up and the
audience cleans out. That's the idea, isn't it? You're in tea. Yeah, that is the idea. He can quiet.
Atlanta trashers, man, they're undefeated. I guess in honor of Dan Snyder's memory and also
Danny Heatley, who are they say now, it don't look like he's going to go to the slammer. That's
not going to happen to him because what would it accomplish? I guess what it would accomplish is
keep him from doing it again. Probably, you know, it's not what's generally a part of the idea
but nevertheless, you know, he's a jock. He's all of this other good stuff. He showed up at the funeral
in a Myron Tario and everybody was like, you know, doing their thing. Look at that. She and I would
either only five votes apart say life and death battle. Don't forget we got our gigantic one and two.
Our what's that schedule? They haven't even get a schedule. I was so whipped up about tomorrow on that
big ratings book coming out. Two o'clock, we got the mad dog. He wildly unbelievably popular.
All right. Mad dog. All right. Number 88. He's going to tickle on the 88. It's like big Wilson
today is what I'm here in two to four. The Humper is on four to seven. Marlins at the Cubs. But
we're going to get well, you realize what kind of a share we're going to get tonight.
But third man. Wow. The Marlins at the Cubs. All the probably we don't have too many people
turning off the TV and turning on the sound of here Dave Van Borg because he's coma inducing.
They do. In fact, why don't we just like boob do the whole game? Then that's something like a winner.
Let's do the game. We'll get some people tuning in. We got the Panther game against the
the penis coyotes. That'll be on AM. Waxy 790 because we got to farm it out because the Marlins
take precedence. Plus, of course, the Marlin game really means something the Panther game. Small
potatoes play off edition of the 10th inning show follows the baseball game. 88 midnight till 2
at AM and the wildly unpopular Joe and Mark two to five in the morning.
Right in local. We're sports radio five 60s. You a you a.m.
I. The state Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town.
It's the 12 to 1 hour.
Kelsey. Kelsey. Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show. Your voice sounds just like a seventh year old girl.
Yes. A little sports show. What else are you there for?
Kelsey. Kelsey. Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training? Why can't you understand? You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands that show your scrub.
Kelsey. Kelsey. Kelsey.
You're a lovely management. Don't tell. Just tell.
You don't feel long there on the air. And tell.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks. Cause anyone who sounds like that
should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Kelsey. Kelsey. When you're gonna grow up.
You make us want to grow up. You feel a squeaky cool. Go to broadcasting school.
Your free QBs at voice. Thank you.
Sound like a plus.
Your.
Hope you're doing five six years every two.
I'm looking at you and fans tomorrow.
Noon to two. The only thing that get will be out there at Pino Talent carpet.
2101 West Atlantic Boulevard in Pompano. But we're she's spending a lot of time in Pompano.
You know? Yeah.
Well, anyway, noon to two tomorrow Pino Talent carpet. And also for those who donate to a band of pair rescue and get some of our merchandise.
Movie passes to the premiere of radio on Saturday courtesy of the Rio Yellow Pages from Bell Sound to her just favor this people.
Here's the fact that says I've could have sworn that WSRF was 1620 while I would have sworn it was 1610.
But now it's 1580. When you thought it was like 16 something, why could have sworn?
But don't. But I'm sure you're right. Well, I am right now because I looked it up. In fact, you can look up anything.
I was just looking well, get to the other facts from our chronic factor.
It says the station was in debut across from Broward, junior college back in the day of the trailer park.
I was going to BJC at the time learning how to fly airplanes. And we'd go over and beg for concert tickets for Pirates World.
I wonder where you go. Those are the days. Those are the day Dixon days. Remember those days? No. Oh, I do.
Here's a chronic factor. The best station here. This is the one that gets up on the wrong side of it every now and then this factor.
The best station here played all these songs, magic never plays.
Loose Wade Radio AM 980, 98 gold. Do we have any idea what the call it is where? Nope.
Well, let's just put 98 gold. Okay. Okay. And now this really peaked my curiosity because I think that fix it was wrong again.
96 X. That's the station that lost its license. Okay. Then the call letters were WCJ X. You can put WCJ X in parentheses 96 X.
That's the station. I'm positive. They lost its license. But what do I know?
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I did get those stories that I teased yesterday.
You probably thought I forgot about it. Peter Leveried driver find for spitting in salad.
That was one of those that you were just right on the edge of your seat.
Waiting near the outcome. A German pizza delivery driver has been fined 370 pounds for spitting in a customer's cell.
That's about 500 bucks. Stephen Stefan Winkler. No, it was saliva. That could have been a rooker.
Ah, he filed formal charges and had a DNA sample taken from the goofball who spit on a salad.
A test of all employees showed at the restaurant showed that 30 T-rolled Kawa H. They're not using his last name. It's spit into the salad.
I had a coughing fit and forgot to throw the salad out afterward. He claimed it was. Sure.
But the judge, that's just like when the T-word fair was on my show in K AT 100 years ago, talking about how he and other black people working in the kitchen restaurants back in those days,
he used to spit in the soup to get even with the white with a whitey. It's a white devil. He used to tell us that all the time.
He was a spitter. Anyway, the judge decided not to believe the statement. Build newspaper reports.
They said that the guy was probably angry because he had to go back to the restaurant again after forgetting the salad at the first delivery.
Why? Oh, it happens all the time. Really? They forget to bring you something.
So you call them and say, hey, you forgot my fill in the blank. The pissed off delivery guy brings it to you, but you really want it.
Well, I'll be damned. So he was pissed off and fired up so he had given the old spitter, huh?
Here's another one I like from Anna Nova. That's a British paper. It's always got a lot of cuties in it.
What was the one we had yesterday? I forget.
Smelly feet, man. Tonight access to library may start new life in Germany.
A Dutchman, oh, I can believe that. It's probably from them wooden shoes.
A Dutchman says he may move to Germany if he's convicted of disturbing the peace with his smelly feet.
The man prefers to walk around without a shoes on, without a shoes on, but provokes complaints in a university library.
Tueness Tuen refused to put his shoes back on or stuff as it in the library, a delft university, and was charged with disturbing the peace.
The 40-year-old caused further up. So when he took his shoes off in court at the Hague.
Oh, man, they were swooning. Mr. Tuen made an official complaint.
Oh, Mr. Tuen, maybe he was crooning and they were swooning. Mr. Tuen made an official complaint when the judge ordered him to put his shoes back on.
His complaint was overruled. I guess he thought he was in the Japanese restaurant.
His complaint was overruled by a panel of three judges and he now believes he'll lose his case.
He told Al-Gamine Doug Blod, journalist Mark Kruzwek, that he wasn't aware that his feet smelt.
SMLE ELT smelt.
Then Brits, what a sense of humor. How does his feet smelt?
They feel wet even when I put on dry socks. The only way to keep them dry is to air them.
He said when this trial is over, I will seriously think of leaving for Germany. There they don't mind a man walking about in his stock.
I guess as long as he's goose-stepin' right. Right?
Mr. Kruzwek reported that he had a hold his nose during the interview and compared the smell to a bag of rotten potatoes that had been kept in a cupboard for two weeks.
I love that. What a great story, man. Those duchy in the Germans that hate each other like poison.
Here's the gospel of the court of the Simpsons, another great Ananova story.
A Scottish church is to run a course on the gospel of the court of the Simpsons to try to boost congregations.
True story.
Church leaders at Holburn West Church in Aberdeen say the adventures of Holmore and his family are an idea way to explore moral and religious dilemmas.
And I think they got a good point. What better way to explore moral and religious dilemmas than to be looking into Holmore and his family?
And that's when the chuds came at me.
Early, each of the four meetings will cover a different episode of the group discussion of the main themes taking place thereafter.
The Reverend George Cowie.
He prefers the company of men.
Who doesn't?
Spokesman for the Presbyterian Aberdeen said despite its an arctic humor, the Simpsons is one of the few TV programs which portrays a modern family who attend church regularly.
In fact, I probably last ones. The Reverend Cowie.
FAAAAMNING!
The course of Holburn West will endeavor to close the gap with popular culture and is open to anyone who wishes to learn more about the Christian faith.
How do you like that?
Sure.
That is a little acuity for it from Ananova and in Cornelholyah.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What is or was the greatest radio station in the history of South Florida?
WSH 106, WIOD 101.
We got a battle going on and a battle of the Taukshohoes or something.
WDQAM47.
Oh, hey Greg, I take that trophy and stuff, and man.
Not worth a dime.
That's point up.
Is it pretty?
Pointy.
Oh, pointy.
Like the Beasley's head.
Well, you know, when you sit up in the tree all the time.
WCKO K102-16.
So in other words, we got three that are like wildly popular and after that, not much.
Y100.
What?
15.
Zeta 13.
WZTA.
WVUS, the Magic Bus 12.
WFU, that's headed Bob Martin used to be on there.
Who?
And Alfie.
WFUNA, WGTR8.
WINZAM4.
WTMI4.
WEDR 99.
Jams.
They're jamming it.
They got three.
WMXJ3.
Love 94.
WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, W
UVUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA, WFUNA and WFUNA
What's the difference?
One radio station and the other one is another radio station.
Are you sure?
Are you sure? I think you're wrong.
I think life is life.
You know, like life. No, I don't.
I think you're wrong.
Well, we'll find out. Somebody will know.
In fact, the best way to find out is if you have your arbitrarily trying to die, we're sitting around there looking at one of them.
Open it up. Let's go to list of all the stations.
Oh, let's see. And the stations would none.
Look at this. K-A-T.
Oh, I bet you Jim Alton's rolling over in his grave on somebody.
W-I-Z-F-M-I-95 has none.
Oh, my God. A lot of you people threw up on I-95 and why 100? You're not voting for him.
I-95.
I think 2002 will be new enough.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just look. Just look.
Quick throw to questions.
W-R-B-D. Rock and big daddy has gotten none.
W-G-N. That's with an M.
M, not an M as in Mary, as in Mother Scratcher.
Get the call out. I know you're out of the weather.
Erickens, you're fault by the way, George.
It's W-G-M-A and he's right.
You're right. What's there? Did you used to work there in Hollywood?
That was a nose-picking country music station in Hollywood.
W-G-M-A on AM. W-K-I-S.
Kiss my Zwill. Put our station on there.
It's got a big, big, big, big, big, big, big audience. Don't like that crap.
The nose-pickers are all turning for Rush right now.
Rush A-N-I, by the way. It's safe to come back.
Rush A-N-I, he's drying out.
W-G-N-I, that's his clothes.
W-G-N-I, that's his clothes.
As you're gonna come. W-G-N-I, that's your hair and rush.
W-G-N-I, that's your hair and rush.
Anytime. W-G-N-I, that's your hair and rush.
Anytime. W-G-N-I, that's your hair and rush.
For next several weeks, five at least.
I just noticed it's 12 minutes past noon
and guess it didn't give me the new tag for Brandy's.
That you were defending before.
Troy? Yeah.
So...
Roy! Right.
Didn't give me the new Brandy's tag.
Let's see. Call it out of the former number 96.3 was WMRQ.
I know that. That's not what I'm doubting.
I'm just wondering.
Because Power 96 isn't 96.3.
It's 96.5.
Right.
And WCJX was 96X.
I believe they lost their license.
But then I'm going to fight out.
I could look it up. Why should I have to do all the work?
I don't have no tag for Brandy's.
Well, Brandy's.
And I'm sure this tag was from two weeks ago.
And then last week he said,
oh, it's still the 50% off the red tags sale last week.
Now it might be this week you'll have to go into Brandy's to fight out.
And when you go into Brandy's sale,
or that Troy Stradd for man, that bald head of the geek,
he couldn't play football for Crap.
He's got a bad back.
He's got a horrible bald spot that turns like a goddamn lighthouse.
You're right. I'm going.
What's that?
About light and life.
I know that. Life.
I mean, don't I know a little bit something about this business?
Oh. Well, you know, you've been out of town a lot.
WLYF is light 101.5.
You jackass. You silly spiky.
What do you know about it anyway?
They don't play no Luis Miguel.
That's your bag, not mine.
I haven't heard from him in a while.
I haven't called me lately.
And they don't play no, what's his name either?
And Week A.
When Week A is doing the Greek way is what I'm hearing.
Anyway, Brandy chooses celebrating this year.
25 years of taking good care of you folks in South Florida,
of taking care of your tootsies.
And the way they do it is by offering you the best shoes in the world.
And unbeatable prices, giving you personal friendly service
to make sure that you get a perfect fit every time.
Whatever brands you love, rock ports,
echoes, mafisto, timberland, cars, essay,
it's flourishing, all the big names in the shoe,
but this they got them.
And no matter how big and fat or a little teeny
and delicate your feet are, they can guarantee you a perfect fit
because they got them all.
Men's size 6 to 15, women's size 5 to 12,
what's from the very, very narrow,
to the very big fat and wide as in platinum puts.
Did I get that right? Yes.
And with over 40,000 pair of teeth, she was on last night
on a lyric in show with somebody guest hosting.
Your girlfriend Jessica Simpson and Nikla Shay,
which I used to like him a lot,
but now that he married that bitch,
I just, it's such a sad act goes to, you know.
Newly wedged and they showed the wedding
and he was like, just losing it.
Did you see that? No.
Oh, daddy pulled her out and Nik was there in tears like OGM
and Mary and that bitch.
Am I going to have to touch it?
And with over 40,000 pair in stock
and there 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can vet Scott's life out of the brandy.
She's got exactly this style you want in your size,
ready to slap on your foot right now.
Brandy shoes, the R1290 North Federal Highway
in Palm Pato Beach, open daily 9 to 9,
Sundays 10 to 5.
They have a special sale every week.
If you want to find out what it is,
you better go in there because Troys are schmuck
and you can check them out on the web too first
at brandy's shoes.com.
My, and loopholes, this is Sports Radio by City.
Way to go, eh?
Yes!
Yes!
Snake has snake has really scary snake has snake has snake has snake has snake has snake has the everything young.
In the pond there are so many snake heads.
They came from China to kill us all.
Snake has snake heads very hungry snake has snake has snake has you better run.
Snake heads can go anywhere they want to.
Leave the water and crawl on land.
Snake heads snake heads predatorly snake has snake has snake has snake has they are coming for you.
Very scary thing that we're important for measure for use in exotic recipes but somehow escaped into ponds and now they threaten us all.
Yeah!
Snake heads snake heads turn away the snake has snake has snake has snake has snake has snake has let us kill them all now.
Snake heads snake heads on scared of all the snake has snake has snake has snake has snake has the thing we're all done.
Yeah!
Trump 20 at 560 WDQM.
I just noticed on the schedule it's good thing I was listening to the promo just in the last part of the break.
7pm we got a special edition of Marlon's on deck. It's not on the schedule you know what I'm saying?
Yeah! I got Hank on 4-7 and all of a sudden we jumped to 745 and then because they got the Panther preview that's on AM-7-9.
That's all over on Waxi. That's nothing new with QAM.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah!
So 7 o'clock to the pan the Marlon stuff.
So if you're a Panther fan number one good luck you number two they'll be on Waxi or better yet go to the game because I'm sure they will see they get in the kitchen under bad break spot.
What's that?
No the Saturday they had a compete with a Cup game with the Cup Marlon's on Saturday night right there in the P.B. Park.
And now they got the 7th Climb Acta game in the series which everybody in South Florida even I'm going to be watching it.
And as a result how many people do you think they're going to be at the Panther game?
About 30 men!
Against the penis coyotes of Wayne Gretzky and at the Bunch of Goya, huh? They even have Shane Dough no?
Yeah, Sean Burke.
And they have Sean Burke. There's another former Panther.
Sean Burke doing pretty good work.
Who else did they got on that team? No more they got no more than a Berison.
Sergey Berison. He's like he's not even Lee he's not playing right now.
No he's not.
He's hanging out.
Nice to see that Ottawa signed Marty Hamlet man he's my man. Marty Hamlet.
He could play on my team any day. Oh man could he.
Don't like Marty Hamlet?
Not the way you do.
No he's a good player though I'm not taught.
When I'm white he was too much talking about because he looks hot and he's got a great ass.
Oh I didn't mean that either.
Huh I don't know what he's got a great ass you're not. I don't care about ass.
He's a hell of a good looking I mean he's a good player.
Well when he's got a sex speaking of sex very important article here from ABC News.
This might peak your curiosity and get you out of your deep funk unlikely.
What are you so depressed about?
Give us a hint. You don't have to tell us it's probably something personal like your ex wife to run off with your lunch.
What?
Oh no that was.
Is that what it sounds like you hit a hit on the head?
I knew it. What else a guy like him?
What else could get him this depressed beside his ex wife?
You know they're all bitches. We all know that.
Every ex wife is a bitch at least in the mind of the ex husband.
And so it's got to be something with his ex wife did something really nasty and mean spirit in these hostile and bad on the shape.
And there are a lot of hostility.
Leave my ex wife prucy out of this.
There's only one way to solve the problem okay?
Now I know hands on the inside.
Robert Blake can probably give you some good pointers.
Anyway, listen to this.
It's sex necessary.
The benefits certainly seemed outweigh the risks.
How do you like that?
And it says this is from ABC News.
Not some copypink or leftist sex promoting organization of perverts.
Fans of Athens had better be sitting down.
It says, sitting down?
Good.
Saving yourself before the big game, the big business deal, the big hold down.
Or maybe just hop it on the big hole.
Or the big bake off may indeed confer some moral benefit, but corporally, corporally, what kind of a word is that?
Corporally.
Is that such a word?
Yes.
It does absolutely zippity doodah.
There's no evidence that sharpens your competitive edge.
So in other words, if you got the big game coming up, screw your brains out.
Have a good work.
The best of modern science can say for sexual absence is that it's harmless when practiced in moderation.
Having regular and enthusiastic sex by contrast confers a host of measurable physiological advantages, be you male or female, assuming you're engaging in sex without contracting a special transmitting disease.
We could be a little bit distressing.
In one of those credible studies correlating overall health with sexual frequency, Queens University in Belfast, Northern Ireland, probably several Queens there, track the morality of about a thousand middle-aged men over the course of a decade.
The study was designed to compare persons of comparable circumstances, age and health.
Its findings published in 1997 in the British Medical Journal War that men who reported the high frequency of orgasm enjoyed a death rate half that of the lagers.
Oh my god, better let's get busy.
Squirt score.
You hear that?
See, no, that's the most important thing I think we've ever said of this program.
I'm out of here.
Let me read that sentence again, published in 1997 at six years ago.
Can you imagine that all that, of course, George had won too many there once, but that's another story once.
How was telling somebody about that story yesterday?
In 1997 about your phone call, 1997 in the British Medical Journal, men who reported the highest frequency of orgasm enjoyed a death rate half of that of lagers.
So when in doubt?
Squirt score.
Whip it out.
Squirt score.
Squirt score.
Squirt score.
Squirt score.
Squirt score.
Squirt score.
Other studies, some rigorous, some less so, I wonder what they've mean by rigorous, purports are shown that having sex even a few times a week has an associative or casual relationship with the following.
It proves sense of smell.
Ah, after sex production of the hormone prolactin surges, this intern causes stem cells in the brain to develop new neurons in the brain's old factory bulb, its small center.
I know somebody used to work in an old factory.
I think it was Candidateal Rhinaries.
Reduce risk of heart disease.
Listen to this.
Yeah.
In 2001, follow up to the Queens University study mentioned above researchers focused on cardiovascular health, their finding that by head, oh, this goes on at length, I'm going to read the whole thing.
That by having sex three or more times a week, men reduced their risk of heart attack or stroke by half.
Squirt score.
And half. They cut it in half.
In reporting these results, study co-author Sean Abraham, what the hell does he know?
Oi!
Well, if he's orthodox, he knows a lot the orthodox do, screw their brains out.
20, 30, 40 kids.
Displayed the well-obriteous gift or understatement, the relationship found between frequency of sexual intercourse and mortality is considerably of pubic interest he said.
Oh, I've got to get in the whole thing, heavy duty, okay?
Do a real pubic service for this audience?
Who I'm sure they're sitting on the engine of their seat right now to reach in for it?
They're even like brushing it up against the inside of the car.
26 past noon at 5.60.
Of course, if you have some hair that helps you get laid too, see how this all works in.
And then you get laid a lot, then you live longer.
It all works in.
So go see Chuck Alfier, he'll extend your life.
If nothing else, he'll make you look a lot better.
I guarantee you that and he'll give you the same guarantee.
A 30-day guarantee, after 30 days of wearing the Charles Alfier in natural hairline system, you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting laid at least 15, 20, 30 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund.
No questions asked.
And if you call and mention the arrangers, you get an extra 200 bucks discount off the regular already low price.
For over 25 years, Charlie's been working with guys famous, infamous, just average sluppers every day in and between.
Because they know that if they got all the money in the world, they can't get a better looking head of hair.
Then Charles Alfier is natural hairline system.
It looks like real hair is going out of your scalp.
As opposed to you know what?
As opposed to the mull man and his muskrat or anything like that.
Or the holes in the head of the dangerous pills, it's all a bunch of crap.
So check out the natural hairline system. There's no obligation.
Charlie will give you free consultation and sit your rest down.
Just show you how much better and younger he can help you look.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413.
Or log on to his prestigious website, Charles Alfierie.com.
I'm coming.
Well congratulations, get a life.
Hi. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad.
Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to fire me.
It's harder to hell they think they are.
All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers.
Maybe a Jesse Holmes at Buffett the Chip or New Gingrich had butters the corner a little more.
There were a lot of people who were not in the mood to get a job.
It wouldn't be so uptight.
Vlogging the dog never hurt anybody.
And if people did a little more of it we might save some lives.
Hell if Clinton just stayed home and spanked a monkey he'd even be in less hot water.
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal.
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like...
C-Dick Run.
When you see Dick Run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of crouch crickets.
Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in.
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in the hair harbor.
Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the python, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco,
we'd all be better off.
And that's all I have to say.
Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail an oyster and buzz the river.
From 32 to 560 WQAM.
Now what is this that you wrote? How many 800 pages you're fixing about the history of the Army radio?
I fixed it for there's nine altogether from the other.
Oh no!
There's how many pages?
Oh Jesus.
Don't do it.
What's the point of this?
I mean W-A-M-E Miami, cousin Brucey David would never have heard of.
Oh sorry. There's no pages.
W-A-I-A.
Jerry Sullivan.
Yeah Jerry, get out of here already Jerry.
Okay quit standing around and watching me die.
Remember that day were you there?
No.
I keep asking you that Marvin was bored. I know what I was dying.
Why 100?
It's got a list of all these different people under the W-I-N-Z cousin Brucey, Bill Calder, Donna Frank Avila, Bob Green, not the one from I-O-D.
Stan Major, Steve Ryzen, Richard.
How come I'm not on there?
Stan Major's on there and I'm not.
You asshole, who made this website?
What kind of a schmuck?
Put this thing together. You assholes you.
Where's the rest of this?
Oh you want the other pages?
Yeah what kind of crap is this? What kind of a communist pile of crap?
Is this W-I-N-Z where I work for years, I think six years before I went to Zeta, which was also owned by them.
And I'm not even on the list here.
Stan Major's on the list. Freakin' Stan Major.
Steve Ryzen.
Ace Young.
I'm surprised they don't have to go to work on a weekend.
They used to sleep in the head, his wife in the trunk and used to sleep in a back seat of his car.
What that was his name from the West Coast from Naples.
He was like Jazz McKay's illegitimate son or something. What was his name?
He always used to... Huh?
Don't know.
Oh somebody will know.
What all loser he was.
Another... He was like Joey Reynolds. He was another chronic magnet.
All the chronics.
He used to not only entertain him in the vitamin of the studio. He was a lunatic.
Anyway.
Where are the rest of those pages, you facts? Am I on any of those lists?
I didn't look at the whole thing.
Waxi.
Kenny Lee.
Mike Winnery.
And see that's not even the right Waxi. Rick Shaw.
Roba Young.
This is the Waxi AM.
Since I've ever made this list that goes to show you, you go to the Internet, sometimes you get some good stuff.
And sometimes you get some real serious crap.
Is what this is.
A big pile of crap.
I'll give you some Miami radio history and I haven't even been there like, you know, how many years?
About 30, man.
Long enough to know all of it.
W-I-O-D.
Now I'm not on here.
Somebody hates me like poison evidently. Look at all the people that are on here.
W-K-E-T.
Am I on this list? No.
I-O-D. Gary Bruce. Bill Cawder. Lisa Campbell.
Lisa Campbell. My God.
What the hell is she doing on there?
She was doing news.
No, but was she doing on the list?
I give up.
The only thing she ever said that anybody I gave her crap about was, hey, baby, I'm going to use you as a sex toy.
And that was it. Dan Chandler, Bob DeCarlo, Davey Gravy Line, Dave Mitchell, Elliot Biggie Nevin, Mike Winnery, Joy Reynolds, Our Riley, Jerry Sullivan, and Steve Ziggler, who was an engineer there, by the way.
What does that have to do with anything?
K-A-T. They've got Mike Levine. By the way, Mike Levine's dead.
What an asshole he was.
You know, it's just gone by me. I just, the light bulb went up over my head.
Mike Levine and Howard David, they're the same person.
And if you think Mike Levine, who used to be on KVK in Pittsburgh, what a major asshole.
Let's see, kiss, Don Cox, Johnny Dark, Sonny Fox, Cox and Fox, Russ Oasis on Love, Hey Russ, you suck.
Magic, there's Neil Berry.
WNWS, look at this rich stone and A.C. Young. A.C. Young was a newsflunkey. He was like an old goofball.
Rich Stone, I don't even know who now that is. What a compilation this is.
Oh, I finally made it on QA in here.
What a pile of turd this is, man. QA, they got Bill Carter, Dan Chandler, Richard Ward Foddly.
Richard Ward Foddly. Are you ready for that? Yeah, I know.
Dick Foddly. He's an Ojoan pralakatur. I was looking for it.
Ellen Fried, Bob Green, Steven Harlow Haas.
And a whole bunch of other people that enjoy Reynolds, Neil Rogers, Rick Shaw, Bill Tanner.
What?
Lee Vogel, John Waters and the Roby Young. Roby was everywhere, wasn't it?
Yes, he was.
One thing I can't stand is guys who bounce around from one station or another, like me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. What am I giving the numbers out? I want to get back to my sex column.
Forget about calling, okay? You've got some people I hold. I'm not going to talk to them. I don't have time.
We've got important sex stuff here, okay?
Weight loss and overall fitness. Sex, if nothing else is exercise. A vigorous bout burns some 200 calories.
About the same as running 15 minutes on a treadmill or playing a spirited game of squash.
The pulse rate in a person arrives rises from 70 beats per minute to 150.
The same is that of an athlete putting forth maximum effort.
British researchers have determined that the equivalent of six big max can be worked off by having sex three times a week for a year.
Muscular contraptions during it of course work the pelvis, thighs, buttocks,
arm, neck and thorax.
Sex also boosts production of testosterone which leads to stronger bone bones and muscles.
Men's health magazine is going so far as to call the bed the single greatest piece of exercise equipment ever invented.
Absolutely correct.
Reduced depression. Such was the implication of a 2000. In fact, because Scott is so depressed there today because his ex-wife is a bitch,
I think what he ought to do is go in there and see if Clarice is down there waiting in the doogie style on all fours.
Huh? At the push B start of the way. Such was the implication of a 2002 study of two hundred ninety three women American psychologist Gordon Gallup reported that sexually active participants whose male partners did not use condoms or less object to depression.
The news whose partners did one theory of casuality over a cause a causality.
Price that gland in a hormone found already in semen maybe absorbed in the female genital tract that's modulating female hormones.
I'm just modulating you honey.
That's what Kobe said alleged pain relief immediately before orgasm.
Squirt, Squirt. Levels of the hormone.
Oxy cotton. Hey, right. Oh no, oxy. Tassen oxy. Oxy. Oxy. Oxy. Oxy.
Squirt twice a week show a percent higher level 30 percent higher level of an antibody called immunoglobulin A which is known to boost the immune system A.
Better bladder control. Herde of kegel exercises. Yeah. You have sure you do them whether or not you know what every time you stem your flow of urine.
The same set of muscles is working during sex. A happier prostate. Some areologist believe they see a relationship between infrequency of ejaculation cancer of the prostate.
The casual argument causes I keep saying casual else casual and causal argument goes like this to produce seminal fluid the prostate in the seminal vessels takes such substances from the blood is zinc, citric acid and potassium and then concentrate them up to 600 times any carcinogen president of blood likewise would be concentrated rather than have a concentrated carcinogens hanging around causing trouble.
It's better to evict them regular old sex could do the job.
But if the flushing of the prostate were your only objective masturbation might be a better way to go especially for the non monogamous male.
When a doubt yank it out having sex with multiple partners can all buy itself raise a man's risk of cancer by up to 40 percent.
That's because he runs an increased risk of contracting sexual infections. So if you want all the purported benefits of flushing with them to the attendant risk go digital.
Like WQA and right we're going digital we're sticking a finger deep inside your radio.
A study recently published by the British Journal of Eurology International Asserts that men in their 20s can reduce by a third their chance of getting prostate cancer by ejaculating more than five times away.
Squared squirt.
And it's out. Squared squirt.
Count them. Start writing them down.
Okay.
Squared squirt. Squared squirt. Squared squirt.
Two more.
Squared squirt. Squared squirt.
Now you got it.
So five times a day must be really good for you.
Oh my god. Five times an hour.
You'll be healthier than day in my Hercules.
I'm not getting tired after the first day but nevertheless.
Well you will get to that part too. This goes on at length.
Great.
But this but this long.
Car 4119 to one at five sixty WQA and we got the dry concepts offering you still this special deal.
That's right.
If you call them when they have an opening then they're not 15 percent off the regular price.
Just call them right now and say hey put me on your standby list.
And next time we have an opening to do Maya carpets I'll save you some monies what they're telling you.
15 percent off the regular already low price.
These are the best in the world. I know it myself because I've used them for over 20 years in my house
and where I've lived before all of it a place in South Florida.
And they always do a spectacular job when they walk out the door you look at that floor and say how could my previously crappy carpets look so damn good.
You won't say exactly that language but you'll say holy crap these look really good and they will.
Your carpets will be dry in a couple of hours they'll smell a little fresh.
They'll look just like brand new and you'll be amazed at these to pennish job they do for you every time they dry concepts.
So call them day tool free and save some cash now call 1-800-248-5071 ask them to put you understand by list.
And then they'll contact you next time they have an opening in their schedule.
And even if it's the same day that you call you'll still get 15 percent off the regular price of the job.
1-800-248-5071 they're the best in the universe like I always tell you.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
My big local this is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You am.
In the world.
Oh that must be Rex.
Bye mom.
Honey are you going out like that?
Yeah why?
If you want to keep Rex honey that'll never work.
Oh daddy you need lots more makeup.
And put on your crotchless panties.
They're on the floor next to my bed.
Thanks daddy.
Now run upstairs we'll stall Rex.
Hello Rex.
Hello Folkies.
Clity ready?
Uh she'll be just a second.
Say Rex.
Do you have a condom?
Uh no sir.
No condom.
Good because you know if you knock her up you have to keep her and frankly she's a drain on our finances.
Are you planning on nailing her Rex?
Oh yes sir.
High five buddy.
And here she is.
Hey baby.
You got the crotchless panties?
Yes.
Cool.
Where are we going?
The movies?
Nope my trailer for some sex.
That's the spirit.
Bye honey.
Hi pumpkin.
Bye.
And Rex.
Yes sir.
Say some for me.
Yes sir.
From 4614 to one at five sixty W.
Our big one and two comedy bit wins the hour they hump ours coming up the mad dog at two then we got hankered forward and we got the pregame.
Marlon special on deck edition before that big game tonight pressure was just.
Got organic.
Let me say it again.
Men in their 20s can be reduced by a third.
They're chance to getting prostate cancer by ejaculating more than five times a week.
Not five times but more.
It doesn't say how many times more maybe like 20 maybe.
About third.
Right.
Maybe 60, 80, 100.
While possession of a robust appetite for sex and the physical ability to gratify may not always be the.
Sign you sure of perfect health.
A reluctance to engage can be assigned that something is seriously on the fritz especially where the culprit is an infirm erection.
Now that we're sign you sure the only other person ever know of in my life who ever used that word was the race caller with Chicago at Arlington filled your Jeff.
I don't know what it means.
Who called John Henry the sign you sure of the horse racing and like the the.
You know no.
The epitome the I say the standard bearer the you know the ms.
Dr. J. Frassoi the urologist with a wild medical college of Cornell University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
Observes that erect how this function is the extension of the vascular system.
A lethargic member may be telling you that you have disease blood vessels elsewhere in your body.
It could be the first sign of hypertension or diabetes or increased cholesterol levels.
It's a red flag a flag that you should see your doctor.
Well, by the way, I want to apologize all these years.
I've been insisting that people who smell bad from different parts of the world do so because of the fact that it's like an epic thing.
It's in their diet pigment and in their diet and then that career.
I'm wrong.
Okay.
People who smell bad need to see a bar of a bar coast.
I will spring anything like that.
Fah.
Fah.
Treatment exercises.
I can't have things looking up again.
What a clever play on words.
Men who exercise and have a good heart and have a low heart rate and who are cardio fit have firmer erections.
There is very definitely a relationship.
But is there such a thing as too much sex?
The answer in pure physiological terms is this.
If you're a female, probably not.
If you're a male, you betcha.
Really?
Damn it.
Dr. Claire Bailey of the University of Bristol says there is a little or no risk of women overdosing on sex.
In fact, she says regular sessions can only firmer women's tummy and buttocks but also improve her posture.
Welcome.
Dr. George Winch, Jr.
An obstetrician gynecologist in Elkonevada, concurs.
If a woman is pre-menopausal and otherwise healthy says Winch,
for having an extraordinary amount of intercourse, I would not oppose a problem.
An extraordinary amount.
I mean like 20, 30, 40, 50 times a day, maybe 20, 30 times an hour.
Just like a jaggedic, get the whole NFL to line up.
I don't think women can have too much intercourse, he says.
So long as no sexually transmitted disease is introduced and there's not an inadvertent pregnancy.
Oh, really?
That last part again, Scott.
Real life is no sexually transmitted disease is introduced and there's not an inadvertent pregnancy.
Some say that's how I got here.
No, I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about your compatriot sitting through the glass.
Ah.
As in one piece too much of ass.
Sometimes you can have a lubrication problem if you have that there can be vaginal excoriation, vaginal scrape.
Oh man, that's one of the worst vaginal scrape.
Huh?
When it's out.
It burns.
Scrape it out.
Get the cheese grater.
Maybe that's what Corvall was trying to do.
In fact, I'm thinking about this.
Maybe the priest that we've been condemning all of these last few years.
Maybe the priest who just concerned about the health of the altar boys.
There you go.
That's right.
They're milking them.
They are exactly.
They're trying to make sure that they have very low chance of prostate cancer and all these other terrible things.
Maybe they're assuring their future better health.
You think so?
No, no.
One way to check for sure.
In fact, I say they'll take all of those child musting priests and others.
Let's take them all.
But a guy from Chicago, they interfered on that fibrolysis today and like, line him up.
They're rather than he needs a goose and ratings.
They need a goose.
What's the frequency, Kenneth?
Phil George F.
John Henry, they sign you sure of the horse racing.
What an asshole.
Women who have stained from sex run some risks.
In post-menopausal women, these include vaginal atrophy.
Winches in middle age, patient of whom he says.
She hasn't had intercourse in three years.
She just isn't interested.
The opening of her vagina is narrowing from this use.
It's a condition that can lead to dysperineia or pain associated with intercourse.
In other words, it's just like triveling up and dying.
It's dying over there.
Oh, it's so sad.
Let's have a funeral.
Or let's have a party.
As for man, urologist I'd says it's definitely possible to get too much of a good thing.
Now that drugs such as Viagra and Levitra have given men far more staying power than may actually be good for them.
Too many pills.
Not good, okay?
Maybe a couple of pills here and there.
Not too bad.
But too many freaking pills, not a good thing.
See, this is a classic example right there, living proof.
The penis said, it is wonderfully resilient.
But everything has its limits.
Penal tissues, if given.
Oh now this...
You're made by K-Pi.
Everybody strap yourselves in.
Everybody strap it in.
Everything has its limits.
Penal tissues, if given too roistering or prolonged a pummeling.
Roistering, what the hell is that?
Remember, do you use the play for the brave?
What is a roistering plump pummeling?
Sure need your dictionary for this article.
Penal tissues have given two roistering
or prolonged a pummeling can sustain damage
in cases you just assume not here
about permanent damage.
E-gads.
Yes, as I, it's possible for a young man
who's very forceful and likes rough sex
to damage his erectile tissue.
The drugs increase rigidity more over the naked possible
for men to have second and third orgasms
without having to wait out intermission.
With no pause, no time for popcorn.
I see it in pro football players as I,
they use Vagra because they're so sexually active.
What they demand, like J. Feeler, for example,
when he's gonna be on with Moe tomorrow, you know?
Absolutely.
He's gotta loop that thing up 20, 30, 40 times before Moe
and I'm talking about his,
Correct him.
So, moe can get his head all the way in there.
They use Vagra because they're so sexually active.
What they demand to their body is unreasonable.
It's part of playing football.
You play through the pain.
This type of guy does listen to his body.
He takes a shot of cortisol and keeps on going
and they have sex in similar fashion,
like the energizer bunny.
They just keep on going and going and there's a reason
the penis in its natural state undergoes a period
of plasticity, even with some of your sissies out there,
it's flaccid.
Oh, and let me start again this paragraph.
You'll like this one too.
There's a reason the penis in its natural state undergoes
a period of plasticity.
That's what it takes a breather.
Didn't you ever hear call?
Ah, sure.
The blood within it is replenished with oxygen.
During an erection explains,
I had very little blood flows to the penis
during thrusting,
prescient yours highest 200 mill of water,
zero blood flows into the penis at that time.
Thank goodness.
To absorb oxygen, the tissue must become relaxed.
If you don't allow the penis to rest
and the muscle tissue doesn't get enough oxygen,
maybe how about like getting an oxygen tank?
No, it takes.
The individual gets prolonged erections,
gets decreased oxygen to the tissue
and could potentially suffer pre-opism aside
and then it says we recommend you get a medical
and psychopedian look it up.
I've seen that word before.
I don't know what it is.
It's when you have an erection,
you can't get rid of it.
Permanent art.
Yeah.
Not a good thing.
It's painful.
I can't even notice.
The muscle becomes so engorged, it's painful.
Pressure inside starts to increase,
cell start dying,
more pressure and less blood flow.
Eventually the muscle dies and then it is scarring.
That's like the old vaginal scrape.
That's why he says it's considered an emergency.
This is part of an article I was in Forbes magazine.
You ready for that?
And for more.
For more.
By AlanFahrenham.
Forbes.com and get the whole article on there.
I went and got you can check it out.
Okay, we got far afield from our radio stations.
I'm sure that many people out there
have probably tapped it at time or two
while listening to their favorite tune.
Sure.
I wanted their favorite South Florida radio stations.
What is or was the greatest radio station
in the history of South Florida?
That's our poll question today.
WSHE, she's only a rock and roll baby.
119 WIOT, 116.
I think somebody's dickin' with that poll.
WQAM only 55.
Oh Gregs, return the status.
Return the sender.
WCKO K10219.
Zeta 16.
Why 116?
What are you sure?
A big differential.
You see the drop off?
Sure.
WBUS, the magic bus 13.
Guess who used to work there?
I give up.
Bob Martin and Alfie.
Well, there's that he'd re-interfer with the O'Ketchigan,
poor Moishi or Lou Manes, he pissed.
WGTR?
Guitar radio.
I never heard that.
10.
Home of the Hermann-Empic Bean,
who later became reconciled.
WFU-N8.
WI-NZAM5.
WMXJ5.
WTMI5.
WEDR 99.JAMS have four.
I-953.
I like the Earl of Pearl.
He used to say that the best.
I-95, he just had a way of saying it.
WACCFM appeared.
They must have liked the Greg Vue del II.
LVE love II, surf II, hot 105 appeared.
WCK are with a Wacker Twist had appeared.
And then you got the Kiss II.
One vote each for WAA.
Your music way.
WRMF 98 gold.
WVUM.
Wow, we put that on there.
Oh, I smoked that on there along with you.
How can we ever put KPX if that's the case?
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I
Not just the one to two-hour, it's a phenomenon!
Hey, Ferret!
By the way, sir, I've been given it some thoughts.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you in the news
much better go with six to ten and not at five
a gentile in the cranky jules.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed, step on to tight.
No chance I'll do a show with you.
And I'm gonna die with the crappy together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm a big monkey Jew
from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raised by everybody but you.
You're not high-trades.
We in love, this man would blow.
No way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive.
Who'd wanna hear a gentile?
And push it tight, that's crappy together.
And I'm gonna die with the crappy together.
And I'm gonna die with the crappy together.
And I'm gonna die with the crappy together.
And I'm gonna die with the crappy together.
But show with you and me, for me, is much better six to ten and not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Let's wish wish wish!
Happy together!
What you did me that I had!
Let's wish wish wish!
Let's wish wish wish!
Let's wish wish wish!
Let's wish wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
Let's wish wish!
It sounds like a nine-year-old kid.
Only a macho-menali guy.
You don't sound as mean.
That makes me lift my wig.
If Ginger was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my pelvis madey-no.
Inside his hip-bley rear end to the day.
No, I would not be a sport-old.
If I was not a closet-of-may,
That's why a ginger-and-moke union
would make me feel dizzy and gay.
Everybody follow my bouts and balls.
Yeah, a ginger-and-moke union
would make my sorrows pony hair still stay.
If we had a ginger-and-moke,
take the gay union,
and he wouldn't have to get me raped, did it?
And so we got yet another installment
of the spectacular mojado-david-it-a-show.
We got J. Feetler coming up as a very spatial guest in it.
And after that, we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow.
That will be a J. Feetler.
What are you doing, Mal?
Mal? What are you doing? Mal!
I'm clippin' my nose here. What's it to you?
You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here.
Really, I'm gonna do about it.
It's my show. I'll do what I want.
Just like I was telling that Shremen tank they called Irene.
That's not nice.
Ready and made not nice.
You see, the size of that brawder.
Talk about jump-able.
Somebody wants to paint yes or no on a wrist.
The hellish you know about promotions anyway, huh?
The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy.
Why don't you think she can eat an entire ham?
Uh-oh. She's back in it now.
Yeah, I can smell the prince match him up the belly.
You have to go in the air and say those nasty things about me.
How dare you come into my place of business.
Don't you know we'll have, like I'll go with Hitter.
I've had enough.
You pompous old dead rat hair paste wearing fossilized methamusel filled motherless.
I'll see here, fatso. You're fired.
I'm gonna go sit on your foot on his face.
Stick on a crush.
And between my buns.
I'm getting out of here.
Get me out.
Yeah, I'm gonna get a blast of pressure.
And hellish.
Oh, who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
What's the credit plate on the whole?
That's power.
Oh, nice thing.
My garbage.
The kids today don't know it's good.
Like that song, uh, I'm happy I live in a split-level head.
You remember that?
How can you...
Listen.
I'm happier living in a split-level head.
I'm happier living in a split-level head.
You don't remember that.
No.
Why am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you go and be howie.
I got enough information from you, pal.
No.
You shut up, fatso.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You can't stupid the movement.
Listen to me.
You're fired.
You'll think that goes for you too.
You know who I am?
I'm the king of paradise.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
I came down in here after losing my job.
To be a big fish.
In a little part.
When they kicked me off the SPM, they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I moved to paradise.
So I moved here.
Fire!
That's back to the late Olui 9.
I got a lot of money.
You're all fired.
And I hope that keeps us like dives.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish and a little plant to see you.
A big fish and a little plant.
Did anybody else hit your mate?
I'm a big fish and a little plant.
I'm a big fish and a little plant.
I'm a big fish and a little plant.
I want to see anybody in the Olui 9.
For the 800th time CNN keeps showing at the punk in Chicago
to interfere with their flyball last night with Moishu-Lu.
And it just showed his face.
Yeah.
I never noticed it before.
But that clip that keeps showing there's his pus on there.
What's he in no more?
He'd like polish.
Anyway, here's a fact from somebody one NP found in the dictionary
for roistering.
To engage in boisterous mirror making, revel noisily.
To be having a blustering manner or swagger.
So not roister too much, okay?
Whatever you do.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's enough of that for today.
Here's another fact from John and Port St. Lucie.
It's some good information tonight on 60 minutes, too.
Oh, I think that was the last of that canisterful.
Wow.
Wasn't it forceful?
It was juicy.
That was a roistering grips tonight on 60 minutes to 8 p.m.
One of Colin Powell's former aides will accuse him of lying during the UN WMD speech.
That was the one that only convinced millions of U.S. citizens who believe anything in the administration
says, I guess there'll be Colin's enema.
In other words, he's going to stick right in his spectrum, which I can't wait to see that.
So dammit.
I guess I'll have to tape one of those or something.
Yeah.
Paul Game 745, first bit of pitch in Chicago.
It's 11 past one at 560 WQM.
Hey, let me tell you about getting a new mattress.
There's a lot of ways you can do it.
You can go waste a lot of time and energy and money and go into your bedding and apartment
stores, get ripped off, get a piece of crap and help them pay for their gigantic overhead.
Or you can be smart.
And you can just make one easy call sitting right there on your ass to dial a mattress any day, 365 days a year.
They give it the best deal going.
All the top names in a business, they got them silly, certain tempered,
eximmons, king, coir, stirrings and foster hewitt.
Call 1-800-MACPRIS-1-800-MAT-TR-ES.
There's no nonsense, no BS, no bait and swish.
That's what BS stands for, by the way, bait and swish.
No house brands, no funny promises and best of all.
You get the best service you ever heard of in your life.
When you call dial a mattress, 1-800-MACPRIS, you pick the day in time for delivery.
Any day, seven days a week, any tour, a window between eight in the morning and 10 a night.
When it's convenient for you and they'll show up on time.
You won't have to waste the whole day or life waiting and praying that somebody shows up.
I've been saved on the mattress and dial a mattress for years and you ought to be doing the same.
With low prices, same data delivery, free setup and removal is easy to see
while dial a mattress is ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction.
So please, don't get fooled. Don't be sucked in by those mattress shrooms,
affordances or ads. They can't come close to dial a mattress.
Pick up that phone and call them right now.
They'll be knocked on your door in no time at all.
1-800-MACPRIS-1-800-MAT-TR-ES.
Or online, it's mattress.com.
560-WQAF presents.
Leaving two beats.
Starring Moe Howard David as Moe.
All live as gay carloans.
Steven J. Colestein as Wally.
And...
Brian Lutton as the Beast.
I'm home.
Hey, where's the hat stand?
I ain't got no place to hang my wig.
I'm out there. I had another piercing accident. Watch out for the bottle.
Whoa!
Why didn't the beast clean this up?
He upstairs with Wally.
G-Beast, you better clean that bean puddle before Moe gets home.
G-Beast, I don't know, Wally. It's kind of achy.
Ha-ha! So, you didn't clean the pea puddle.
Ha-ha! Yeah, fat little bastard.
You tabalade. You're walking.
Go ahead up.
Told you he did so.
Don't be so hard on the blind.
Hey, come here, Beast.
Dime we had a little chat.
Um, I don't know.
Okay.
No, you don't say anything to Lumpur, why the standard?
Okay.
Yeah, I said nothing to Lumpur, I'm talking.
But you stop.
But I doubt it.
Right, that's it.
Remember my friend here?
Mr. Belt.
Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell!
I will ya stop.
Don't, I said stop it.
You check your mouth, you're quite smoking, Booth.
Okay.
But don't stand near the window.
What for?
Cause you might fall down!
Welcome back to the highly rated Mohaud and David of the show.
Putting to my own straggation.
Okay, stupid. Where were we?
We were doing it.
No, wrong. You were doing that to me.
Sorry, Mo.
That's better.
All wrong day.
I didn't see you could say that yet.
All wrong day.
Now you.
For a wrong day gets me.
Now I might watch you.
Or a wrong day.
Hey, he's up with you.
What's with that kung fu grip?
Sorry, Mo.
And we got one of our three every important callers on the line here.
We give you a M what do you want?
I'm more.
I just cry.
Yeah, man. Come on. Spit it out.
What's your name?
Oh, I can't understand.
I got them thing you're saying. What are you doing?
I'm playing with my very poker. I'll hit dog.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why, I sometimes are.
Yeah, I'll hit dog.
Yeah, I'll hit dog.
Oh, you got me told.
Almost there. Say or a day.
Or a wrong day.
Or a wrong day.
Best.
Or a wrong day.
Or a wrong day.
Or a wrong day.
Or a wrong day.
Oh, you don't.
All right.
Look at that.
I got it all over my way.
Yeah.
Oh, dog, dog, dog.
Oh, dog, dog, dog.
Oh, dog, dog, dog.
Oh, dog, dog, dog.
I am oh, how it's a day, man.
Depressed and dimensions.
All over my old days are moving.
Where is football?
I don't know why they hit me.
Oh, why they always hit me.
It must be because I got this bullet red.
It's football red.
On my arm, like a ramic naily map, a locker wall.
I got beans on my nose.
Nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hauls.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have made you order to see my legs.
Am I as well people smoothing, shaved,
to show little clasped the next time I'm raping?
I should go to a surgeon.
But that gives me the shivers.
I wouldn't want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast.
The fat little freak.
I get them up vaping now again afforded me.
The reason I dismissed that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up.
And he can't play conaster.
Hey, somebody talk it over there. Nobody talk when I rap.
I rap then you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit.
I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy, man. I'm really dead.
I buy a ready one I want.
I don't care.
But believe they make me flip my wig later smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happened to the greets.
Westwoodwood said you'll get out of here once we break your legs.
So now I sit by the bulls life since good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the gents.
Paradise.
I don't kiss nobody's hair since paradise.
I'll be sure that other screw kids when I get the chance.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
I'll be calling the plate.
It was just a little thought.
So what I left this day.
I think that's funny.
I want a Nutka sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want.
The management loves me.
Did I tell you something?
Oh, something you oughta know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my home.
You and my type pal, now I have straight.
Who? Who do you do?
I don't take no for an answer.
And when it's time...
Not you.
Get out of here.
I got that.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
560 WQA up is proud to announce Howard David is dead.
Hey, they killed Howard.
Forget about it.
Currently after days of intensive shock therapy.
Management emerged with a brand new lineup.
For the vacationing Howard David.
Starting tomorrow.
Wake up with the Joe Mark and Judge Joe.
Radio the way it was intended to be.
With periodic sports updates by Yielding.
That's the Joe Mark and Judge Joe.
Now on 560 WQA M.
560 WQA M presents the Mo and Joe show.
Meetings tank bad with our last failure.
So we're going to try this now.
At least we're consistent.
To get in touch with Mo and Joe.
Just...
What's the point?
This is Howard David.
Welcome back to the Mo and Joe show.
So what do you know, Joe?
Well, it's nice to be here.
You don't mind this 18-hour shift, I kid?
Oh, no, not at all.
You were getting paid extra for this.
Well, they said they're gonna...
You know what your problem is, kid?
What?
You're stupid.
Yeah, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
You're stupid.
Just like that guava-loving stick, your buddy over there.
Hey, come on.
This isn't...
I mean, we didn't even get started yet.
Shut up.
You want to work my show?
You'll do as you told to it.
Okay.
Now get over here.
Where? Over here?
Yeah, that's right.
Right here.
Now come here.
Okay.
Now get over there.
All right.
Come here.
Get over there.
All right, you start.
Now get over here.
Okay.
Now come here.
I'm over here.
Over here.
Oh, sorry.
I get over there.
Now come here.
Come on, come on.
Now look, we got a break coming up.
So why don't you go outside and wait for it to snow?
Not just a man.
I don't have to.
Okay.
I said, go wait for it to snow.
Okay.
Oh, and though, while you're at it, get the QAM van ready for my appearance at the Hollywood fashion
center.
I can't.
Yeah, don't worry.
Get it to an automatic.
Now, hands gray.
Okay.
No, no, not K.
It's that'll be very good, sir.
Okay.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
And that's why I think the Jettelop a championship season.
The Jettelop?
And when did I tell you?
You don't talk.
Do I say you can talk?
This is the beast.
I said shut up.
That's all.
But you're like a father to me.
You don't talk.
The lamb done talking.
When I'm done talking, then you talk.
Okay, I'll.
Hey, beast.
Come here.
Come here.
I want you to meet a friend of mine.
Mr. Gump Club.
Why are you all right?
I'm going to show you the business center to stay.
Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz.
Would you info?
I don't a tag off my mattress.
Looks like we'll be your bookmates.
The name's Mohal Adabit.
Starry stage screen and paradise.
What's yours?
Nick old mekofe.
You got so pan.
I thank you.
Hey.
You're gonna put yourself out real high.
I'm gonna make you my woman.
It's not.
God.
God.
God, you pinky.
God, you got 10 minutes.
What else to be safe in here?
You're both out.
You know, man.
You know, I knew in the blau.
But I ain't so good at that, man.
Okay.
You don't have to be like that.
You know who I am?
No, man.
Then don't pick it up now.
I'll be a blind man.
All right.
But I expect a print in the apology I like.
That's fine.
I don't have a book.
I have a book.
I'll take the cry.
I'll take the cry.
I'll take the cry.
I'll take the cry.
I'll take the cry.
I'll take the cry.
The warden will see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warren.
Don't jack.
Jack Warden.
How can I help you?
Well, you see, Warren.
I keep getting raped.
No.
Is a vatish.
I'll look into it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
It's about time.
Somebody has now dropped your pad.
I said drop your pad.
This is hot.
Oh, favors don't come to you.
No, no, no.
Let's rape old.
Radio big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
In the G.O. J.L.A.
All right.
165.60 W.D. Cremus.
Time's wrecking the building.
Did you know?
Yes.
Remind him of one thing for me, OK?
Oh, I know.
He's a major asshole.
How could I guess?
Anyway, if you're under, uh, appreciated,
wherever and how you working,
if your job isn't paying enough
to even rub two sticks together with it,
here's the answer for you.
Call our friends at fast train.
Be sure to mention when you call fast train
that Todd Wreck, you've heard through the grapevine
as a major asshole.
They'll appreciate your call even more
when you tell them that,
because they know it,
but they want to have it reinforced.
Here's the number to call.
1, 866 fast train.
They can really and truly have a train and certified
before the end of the year in a great new computer career.
You can say goodbye to your old boss.
Say goodbye to your crappy dead end job
and get you a real life and a big fat paycheck.
Got only knows the things you can do once you start
making some cash.
There's no better time than right now to get you a new
high-paying job and you can even play animal
and eat your ex-wife.
Fast train offers job placement assistance,
convenient to evening weekend schedules,
and with force offload locations,
there's bound to be a place to a nearby where you live.
Fast train even offers financial assistance
for people who qualify as well.
So call our friends at fast train damn soon.
First, take them out of the web if you like.
At fast train.com and then call them at that tool
free number and change your life forever.
1-866 fast train.
My I am local.
Here's sports radio 560,
she went UAM.
I want to give you an update of what took place
just now off the air because I think it's important
to hear this.
How are just called the radio station,
Howard David.
Who I can't believe I'm here.
I can't get along with great.
I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
It's an easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife
and your family and the grandkids instead of listening
and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard the caller.
Like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening so I just wanted to get the message out
and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station
from everybody else.
But it's over.
Me and you done.
I wore much better pants when my career was alive.
You got me.
Get out.
I'm out.
You're not in the way.
Hey, you want something to eat?
What do you got?
Nothing.
But I can pull something out of my ass.
No, Moa.
I got it.
I'm going.
I'm starting a new business.
Hey, no kidding.
Yeah.
I'm going to be a hooker.
I'm proud of my bubbler.
Hey, smell.
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
Oh, I can tell you.
Hey, what are you trying to add against me?
No, no, no.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You just took a pistol and a weapon pill.
Deprescription you're morons.
I got him from my deducted.
What doctor?
Doctor.
What's in through you?
Don't look my hair is broken as you.
Oh, my god, this place is a mess.
And my underwear smells like hot balori.
I'm not out of here.
My favorite show is on.
We got a loser.
Ah, look at that.
There's a lot of fun.
Move, join in this from West DJ's.
Move, I'm a tonne.
Where?
I'm a puppy.
Well, I'd just like to see.
That's a puppy dressing up under your home.
Oh, thank you.
I'm a puppy.
I put you pretty hard on this.
I feel like running down the street.
Make it.
Look, look.
I'm a naked man.
You want to make me cow-hands, you ever?
Oh, look.
You want to make me cow-hands?
Can you come here?
I'm going to break my highly-disciroble hair.
You can't have a baby.
You can't even think it's been.
You've been making me.
Can't not have a right to be honest.
Hey, you baby.
I've been making me.
Take a look at this hair.
Get him from up.
Oh, no.
Hey, no.
Hey, stop your hair.
Stop it.
Oh, I was on radio, you know.
I was on the radio.
It's so fun and tall that you won't feel that thing.
Oh, you're the boy.
Oh, you're the boy.
I was on the radio.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I was on the radio.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This.
Up and I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Oh, that guy.
Oh, this is terrible.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
It's a ten-after-what fight.
The more I would debut into the show, the more I would debut into the show.
Yeah, new by 61, I think.
You.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, mom.
Oh, feed the field of me.
Oh.
Oh, I love your sinewy limb.
Wake up, mom.
Come on, wake up.
Oh, welcome back to the show.
You're already said that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I can't take this.
It just ain't going to wake.
Who's it calling?
Hello, Renta Kato.
The second one of your auto gyro's,
duty, bushel-y, apparent-dance-duty-oldie.
Hey, buddy, what do you want to do this?
Who does get your mouth shut, door, and I take your home?
All right.
Thank you, sir.
I'll let you think they are pushing my show back to the darkness.
I'll show them.
I'll show them all.
Are you over there, how are you?
Yeah, I'm here, I'm here.
Open the door.
Come on, love me.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
Getting up over one dirty every day.
Making that drive for the poker.
Yeah, go ahead and tell yourself.
I also, my aging, father-de-yup, to the altar of the race video,
God, to the conclusion.
To the stars, the stars.
Hey, look, I'm flying.
I feel like Superman.
Yeah, this is nice.
Hey, fly through the air with the greatest of the world.
We'll compact it as your point, Lewis Connolly, with some of the Mohameda David Holtman.
Where we got the three qualas on power rotation for your perusials.
Hey, Mo.
But, there's better not be a hot hokey.
We got special guests today.
No one's allowed in here unless they bring food for their king.
Too late.
Suck already, close them.
How are you?
Who the hell at ease, my sub-mortis?
That's the recon sucks.
You know, drive home with us today.
Sorry.
I never hated you, bum.
Well, I wonder why.
Well, what do you do?
You got an act?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Exactly.
Like what?
We spin the wheel.
Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it.
We slam it.
You name it.
What's funny about that?
Well, you got a point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question?
You ready to put your hand in toilet bowl?
You think that's funny, man?
Well, I got noose for you, pal.
You both stink.
Sorry, because I'm a precipice.
I'm getting fired at them right now.
Well, bum.
Get out of my place of business.
No.
All right, all right, toughen.
I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got.
I hope this isn't really funny, because I got a really full bladder.
All right, these are things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings, and I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that?
Yeah.
Here we go.
The bigger they are, the harder they get to do.
Yeah.
What do you get to do?
Did I get clearance clearance to give you clearance to live?
How dare you laugh at me?
I suppose you want to rate me now, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Start licking that.
That would be wild, yeah.
All right, all right.
I don't even care anymore.
Hey, tell me hold my green pick.
Okay.
What are you looking at?
Freckleface fanny.
And you guys got a condo.
That's condo?
What of?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, I don't suds does.
Mine.
And I might as well warn you, I didn't do this today.
Okay.
Now you have to say, spin your meat, Rick and sud.
Yeah.
Spin your meat, Rick and...
Let's do it.
Oh, gunny.
Oh, what's a matter?
I was shooting first.
See, I told you, it's not my day.
Oh, so, Barry, stupid thing.
I'm sure my jade's funny okay.
It's not right in Barristan.
Oh, good.
Oh, clean it.
Oh, good.
Oh, good.
Oh, clean it.
I just like that for instance replay.
Wow, loved it.
It was a beautiful thing.
That's what sud said.
He thought it was beautiful.
Anyway, 21-2, a QA and we got the mandog at 2.
The Humber at 4 and a pregame festivities at 7.
Oh!
Notice all the cause we had today about the Marlins?
One from Chicago.
Right?
One from Chicago and I was in.
Not that we really had a chance, but you thought somebody somewhere along the line would have just, hey, isn't this great?
That was it.
Anyway, what was the greatest is or was the greatest radio station in South Florida history?
WSHE-She-138-I-O-D-136.
Do you believe that out of 500?
Sure, they're thinking about the glory days.
QAM-65.
Pretty weak, Greg.
Give the trophy back.
Send it back to Naples.
Schmuck.
WCTA-Z8-22.
WC-K-OK-102-21.
K-Y-Y-118.
WB-US, the bus 16 on the Magic Busch.
You know who used to work there?
WGTR-12, WFU-11, and then it goes downhill fast.
TMI-8, Wednesday, M7, and it's not even worth reading the rest of them.
Small potatoes.
I don't know if they have small potatoes or not, they probably do.
Like, what do they call not those hash browns?
They get into that again.
Yeah.
Anyway, Vick and Herve is probably can tell you what those little taters are because Vick and Herve's is great.
They've been doing it right since 1934.
In fact, they started in Rochester, New York right across the lake from where I'm sitting right now.
I can almost see it.
I can almost smell it.
And now the good news is they're in Fort Lauderdale.
They're on the Federal Highway just south of Broughton Boulevard on the tunnel.
On the east side, Vick and Herve's is like a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before.
Fast food pre-fabricated cramp.
So we'll enjoy a really fresh burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast.
And Vick and Herve's has been brought to Fort Lauderdale by the same guys who feed the Cheaper Grachie Burger.
And they use the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as Cheaper Grachie Burger.
And offer you an amazing quarter pound hot dog, a piece of meat you'll love putting in your near-puss.
And of course, what makes them different from anybody else is the fact that all their burgers and dogs are served with Vick's signature meat sauce poured on top,
giving you a combination of flavors that will do what Kazzaki right in your puss.
They also have a great breakfast menu.
I'm let's cook the order, friends.
Toast pancakes, all your favorite goodies.
So go buy Vick and Herve's and you'll understand why people in Rochester and everywhere love them for years and years and you will too.
Vick and Herve's there on Federal Highway just south of Bridegobot and the tunnel on the east side where all those tag bars used to be.
And don't forget town that old Rochester and Neil Rogers sent you by.
My life and local, this is Fort Real by City.
You way, you way.
The voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
You won't hear me.
I don't care.
You won't hear me.
I don't care.
You say you want more women listen to your show.
If you want to sit with them you ought to know what the music on.
To suit up a brain.
It's weather news and sports and then you talk on day.
And I'm not interested in what you have to say.
You're worth away too long.
You don't want a mental strain.
What they am for, because women don't listen anymore.
What for, no women don't listen what they am for.
Because women don't listen, it's no use begging no more.
What they am for, because women don't listen anymore.
What for, no women don't listen what they am for.
Because women don't listen, it's no use begging no more.
You won't hear me.
I don't care.
I don't care.
You won't hear me.
I don't care.
What for, you won't hear me.
What for, you won't hear me.
I don't care.
You don't care.
You don't care.
You don't hear me.
Two can of us are women made of bread.
High falls and sweet will knock you on your head.
With the sharp eyes, once you fly our sides,
We may change our busy scene.
It's a legal drug recording tool,
A little diolcee.
The Nathan Tree,
Gloria Dertreini,
Oh, can a bus please,
That's that phone to me.
Oh, can a bus please,
That's that phone to me.
He got my coin in his pocket,
He was on the tip board,
And the link of Kobe Bryant wins in Colorado.
I've got a big car and met a sexy on play,
Then Fred is silly once again,
When his name is late,
And then without worry, his voice was born in today.
And for me, couldn't keep his trousers naked, his pants.
When he called the front pass,
And asked the younger for food,
She said,
It's not my job,
A day you want to be rude.
She knocked on the door,
And then watched to her surprise,
And it was her that he was after,
Not the burger and fries.
She said she didn't want it,
But he claimed it was romance.
And Kobe couldn't keep his clothes,
And then he said,
It was her that he was after,
It was her that he was after,
And then he said,
It was her that he was after,
And then he said,
It was her that he was after,
And then he said,
It was her that he was after,
To vomit and oh,
Sometimes he heard the baby professor singtest.
How do they get around the world?
Ohlar peu a, buit a?
Ah la mah la mll,
Bugue, gase em y unor,
Pero que alar podemos wobble,
pared,
Gan para discovering,
casa bol soup,
37cc purified,
I'm in the big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big big big, big, big, big, big, big, big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big Doing that, doing that, doing that, doing that, doing it great job in big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big Think politics is, I'm gonna buy! Doing that, do do makeup and
Can't believe the language I hear all teary, every home of the word is an obscenity.
It used to be the cable was a horror on words, but now the networks let their act disperse.
There's a wedding sites of this insanity, all the dialogue can take prefer the tea, swearing like a sailor on a three day pass.
Words are whole lot worse than ass.
Raptum.
Raptum.
Raptum.
How will it be before they drop the F on all their work TV?
Oh, Raptum.
Raptum.
There's no telling where they'll drop on all the UTLs.
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad.
I got my smile from home, but much came from my bed.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my knits to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance, but you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissues.
Guys say I'm cute, they say I'm pretty, I'm not one, you need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and per like a kiss date, but I can't get a man, because I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
The wonder of raw is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get cute.
Now I'm 24 and so waitin' on my boobs.
Guys say I'm cute, they say I'm pretty, I'm not one, you need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and per like a kiss date, but I can't get a man, because I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
No titties.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word,
F*** out of all of the English words that begin with a leather F, F*** is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word, just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love.
F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German, the word, flicken, which means to strike.
In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John F*** surely.
Its meaning is not always sexual, it can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the F***ing work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks too f***ing much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a f***.
As part of a word, abso f***, and loosely, or inf***ing incredible.
And as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***es.
As you must realize, there aren't too many words with a versatility of f*** as in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f*** that they use carlot.
Dismay, or f*** it. Trouble, I guess I'm really f*** now. Aggression, don't f*** with me buddy.
Dismissal, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself?
I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you!
Jolsie Goh says they can shed her glass and rip through a hymno with amazing accuracy.
Jeffrey Lyon says they're women on whoopass. A brash and beguiling his orcman of voices. Amazing, ramed rolling stone.
A standing says TV guy. I could have listened to him all night. I stood in cheered hails Roger Ebert to thumbs up.
Don't you dare miss the year's most outstanding vocal group. It's choir, redefine, the soprano, the soprano, Sunday at 8, 9, 10, 30 and new, the soprano.
Bye bye bye!
I'm the one who's gonna show, I'm the one who's gonna win QA, my ending for Montagueau.
The Mayor Dog! He's another one who hates me.
