Oh
I'm going there Thursday. I went to the night. I'm an uncle funny. He's in David
I think I could have been the first I think when he just got to the town
I opened the pot. That was really nice. Yeah, so that was Robert Gryper's not here today
They're little sniveling asshole. He never he never works that why are you right about him, man?
What he's got a personality like a dead man?
Did you your boy? He is a fruit fly. You're going mo I just like Salvador Dali today. Yeah, I saw him on a way out
I said you mo
Yeah, he looks pretty good
Yeah, he might have worked in angle. I missed him
He said the rumor is he wants to have a meeting with me in private
But I think what he really said he'd like to squeeze my private. I think that's what I heard
Let me say this to you because you must have been psychic. I heard your crack this morning about my ass or whatever was my ass
Uh, my ass is so sore now that opens up all kinds of avenues for you right there
Now most people of less balls wouldn't say that to a guy like you who could just hop right in there in the opening
But the my ass is because of this irritable bowel. Oh if I didn't have 20 visits yet. Hey, ma. Guess what?
20 visits to the old magic room. We have
I woke up this morning and all the stuff I've had for weeks. It's all gone. So I think when it doubts it out
There's nothing worse than a touchy-h. Oh, man. I got a achy
Recto
Niki breaky
Recto
Should be a good game that I kneel. I think all weekend. There's some pretty good games on
I've heard lightning man and the up panthers and you want everyone to stay away from you. How do you think Dudley will do?
He's got to put the dud and Dudley. I that's what I thought but I mean what do you think long term of this?
He's a real asshole if you ask me. I think Alan Cohen really hasn't got any clue what he's doing
You know anybody who's got some money can buy a sports franchise just like they got in Washington did that doesn't mean they know what the hell are doing
When the frit well if he did such a great job how they come they blew him out and how come after he left all of a sudden
They got so good if he was doing such a great job
He got maybe he had something there. Look how about you. He will give him credit for that and
They've had your check. Would anybody could have gotten him because he's 80 years old and pretty Modine
Which Elise you never got away. You know who the leash you never got rid of was Stevie Sullivan man
Is he a player or what don't you love him?
You know what the problem is in the NHL and that is they got all these size queens like Ryan Murray
Oh, it's too bad Stu Barnes the liberty big enough to be a good player. They don't like the little guys Ray Whitney and Stu Barnes and
All these little players are going rolling right it's Stevie a Sullivan. They're all great players
What's wrong with little guys who are tough and see Palfi right? Yeah, what's wrong with him who now wouldn't want his am?
You're right about Whitney. There's a lot of little guys that remember Ray Ferrara had a long career
He's got a hot the wife too by the way Bridget. Didn't you think Ray Ferrara was decent? Yeah, he was good
He played a little great train. What you think of you?
Do you think Darren paying talks more than me see this is this is conspire. Oh nobody talks more than you
All right, even to these potfans don't talk more than you I'm gonna be watching you at the game
Then I watch it to see if you talk I bet your coach
And coach Neil what does that mean? You'll be sitting there coaching him from the seat
No, I will not be coaching them. I'll be there watching again. I don't really have a like to eat at the game when the leaves come into town
That's when I like to be like you know the game. I don't eat any of their crap. It's overpriced. It's garbage
Food in the macaroon. Have you ever bought what course you don't buy it anyway? You get freebies. I get everything given to me
Oh brother the food there is so freaking overpriced
I keep making a portion smaller and the price is higher every year
I think people do you think will have tonight for that game upwards of
4,000, you know, I think it because the lightning are in it
It's about three thousand. I think it's a it's a Tuesday night. Yeah, there be seven people from Tampa right next come over from Loots
Can you imagine try to lynch your ass after the game? I'm dumb
Do you got to be to drive all the way over here for that? I well when when Tampa had the team before we got one
I used to drive over there when the Leafs would play the lightning and just kick their ass
You remember the play you probably wouldn't you weren't done here?
They had a place like in a cow pasture that they made into a hot
I went there to the fire in a season ticket that year when they played at the state fairgrounds. What was that Brandon or Barstow whatever they did?
It smelled like a cow dunk. Yeah, it smelled like the dolphins performance on Sunday like the stench of Commodore
Yeah, but everybody around here. You know, I'm still taking sexual pleasure in that dolphin Tennessee game
I I can't be getting to tell you how I'm squeezing myself over that game
It was so because you know that if they want oh, and let me also say this you know
Steve McNears not so good. It's just that he's black and the meaty wants to make him seem good because they desperate to have a good black
He can win if he was that's where Rush would tell you that's what Rush would say he'd win if he was purple
I was looking at bread five last night with his broken thumb. I didn't I only watched the first half and I went to bed
The other second half starts at 2 in the morning. Yeah, so it was a final score the Eagles won 17 4G
All right now that's that Randall and I Randall Cunningham got him in the McNambe again. He's black. Yeah, I'm not black
He's not too good because I want to start all
I'm like he won't bring the oxy cotton to him. So he sucks is what he said
Everybody needs a little
A little restore that's right. Everybody needs a little
I hope your I hope your rectum gets better Neil. I'm a nice day. He'll up Scott
Yeah, we know about your agency scam now Scott
That great looking piece of ass over there in section 127
All right, have you ever been involved in a construction accident? Yes, lead poisoning. Yes, slip-flip or fall
Yes, yeah, the scapular lighter happened to bronch you in the head. Yes, yes, have you inhaled the spesto?
Yes, you have a birth injury. Yes, I've a slam your finger in a car door. Yes, have a blow
You know so hard of blood. Yes, drop a toaster in your bathtub
Yes, ever get shot in the head with a pellet gun. Yes, well, we can help where swizzle goldstein Caputo and was now
Skate and will get you your money even if you really don't deserve it big companies have lots of cash
Why shouldn't you get some attorney sheldon goldstein? We believe the best way to get your money is by lying
Hey, no one ever got ahead in this world by telling the truth a
Zuck this way although this may sound a little shady or a
Broke not to worry. We got more judges in our pockets than you got lint
You know when you're in your pocket have you ever been punched one lactating?
Yes, ever swallow your own teeth as your love stick ever blown up the three times his normal size after a night of passion with a street
Hoochie. Yes, well, we can help with swizzle goldstein Caputo and was now ski will get you your money
Even if you really don't deserve it say I'll let us burn you all well. Oh, just go talk fast all those
Weasel Goldstein Caputo and was now ski face 47 separate charges of fraud their doors remain open come in
See a stock will eat you don't pay a cent let's we get that they pay they pay you won't pay a cent let's we get you your money
That's true. They only get about 10 percent though. Do you hear that?
107 at 560 Wtq. I am happy Tuesday to be up
So I guess for almost if we're gonna bring that check and you can bring me to check at the hockey game tonight
Scott just make it out to abandon pet rescue in fact make it blank off a little bit
Abandoned pet rescue got it for real. I see you forgot to remind me to tell him on the cross over this morning
But bring it a check I was blinded by Clarence's presence with a check today. Hey clearance actually produced today and a check too
Maybe that's why my ass is so sore
Anywhere we asked asked yesterday which ethnic or racial group they hated this pole again
That's two in a row. I'll try to break that today. Although I got a really great thing
You're gonna take me some time to read. Oh, you're not gonna read stuff on here today
Are yet. Yeah after we take an important call online six I'm not there that we had to be him didn't it?
I thought it would be it had to be him
Who else would be calling me before we even sat down and got my ass warm in the seat my ass is killing me because too many
Em's you see there's a silver lining in the dark cloud mom even though matter how constipated you are at least
You're not gonna have bad roads. No, that's not true. Is it because if you're squeezing real hard
Then it's another reason why you get bad roads
So just don't ever take another B.M. That's my best suggestion everybody out there just explode
1185 votes that was our
Pod yesterday which ethnic or racial group is most protective or paranoid about about its own
Blacks and of course Miriam elephant must add something to do with this one would think
Blacks 571 Miriam OJ anytime, you know black people commit any kind of a grotesque act or our incompetent or whatever or have a job
Just because of the color of their skin right away. Oh, we got it
You know and the ministers they had how many people showed up for that about five
I was gonna say about 30 but not even close about 11. I thought
Even close corned the papers
Small handful is what showed up for that big meat few rally for all of that is the article in the Sun settle
How many is this they showed up? I think it's at 11 a
dozen dirty dozen showed up there and that's that speaks well for the black people of our county because what it says is that
Unlike the preachers out there of those snake roll salesmen most of the black folks in brown come to realize that
She isn't competent and if you want to win like an elections and have any chance to be pushed next year
Maybe let's get somebody in there who can count higher than her shoe size
You're done Miriam. Bye-bye sweetie. Good luck to you
Black's 571 Jews 329 votes use brave paranoid
Cubans 228 which should have been higher I would think
Muslim is 46 and of course who knows any Muslims and Italians 11 out of 1186
We're gonna put on the other groups too, but Eric was busy eating
Well plus I didn't have you call him yesterday. I
Can call today. I don't know. I don't want you to call. I don't want you to come
He should be listening. He should be glued right to this show. I don't care what other business
He's got going on 10 to 2. That's where it's at
Right, he can handle it for a few days when we're little short-handed here
Here's our poll question today
sexually who are the hottest people in the world and I got a short list here. I got my favorite on top Colombians
Oh
Anyway, I get weak at the knees just thinking about Colombians man. Just amazing with that smooth silky skin
Irish although I always thought that Irish were pasty, but there's some people I know who aren't
Just aren't into that yet. Italians and Americans. We got Americans on there and of course
We probably need a category for some people out there. How would I know? I'm well, we'll get to that. We'll expand it in the poll too
FCC releases indecency enforcement against opian Anthony is a for all know about this yet. Yes, that's old news actually
I thought we already had this I thought I had to sound like two weeks ago. Oh, that's fat boy brought this into me
What brings it in breathlessy? Here you go, pali? Here you go, pali
This is your right it is old news. I
Yeah, pali had this on like two weeks ago, right? What the hell is with you fat boy? You tub a crap
Jesus Christ you and Rick Jenner read at least he's got some talent anyway. What's your story?
Tubby just sucking around say here you go, pali see this
Yeah, and President Lincoln died to see if he brings your story that's old enough being this feeble and old design
You forget that we headed on the air already. So I was like giving him credit. Oh, thanks a lot fat boy
Now we you're asked out of here at hobble out and by the way the buildings on fire
Oh brother, it's all it's almost enough to make you wish that the building would burn down
You know what him being on here. I purposely don't ask him for a bed because by the time I get I'll probably need to
Yes, we're out would like his bed from dial am actress as we sponsor that. Oh, I'm working on it. I'm working on it
I got how he did way that you fat tub a garbage
But thanks for the information about Todd wreck. I don't kill this day
I never knew that that he has his own agency and as a result
That's why we have no copy for his accounts and it's all bogus
It's all bogus. He's running his own agency just like Pete Lenny. He's running a business out of this business
Wow, yeah, how do you like that? That's he's another scam artist Todd wreck
That's why we're never gonna give a real copy
That's why his clients never get service because he doesn't give a crap
He just writes a bunch of stuff on a piece of paper. Here you go. That's it
You know all the way haven't seen him because he hasn't given a dime to abandon pair rescue
I want everybody out there know that Todd direct doesn't give a crap about animals
I sure hope there's no animals in his house
You don't have a dog because he doesn't care about me hasn't given one dime and when you know how much business that he and his
Phony agency are siphoning out of this show shame on you Todd you jackass
Don't be trusted. Yeah fat chance
Speaking of dollar mattress and of course, so for L is Jones and why does he want a dollar mattress because he knows
In fact, Boca Brown was here earlier. They came to his house like three different times
Three different times no extra charge because he was having a little trouble getting head
Well, he's got that little bald head
He was traveling trouble getting his head against the headboard or something ahead to be like adjusted and being picky and a pain in the ass
Like he is they know no problem. We'll come back again
He's like a poster child for dollar mattress because most people don't require them to come back over and over again
But they will they give you service that's unheard of anywhere anymore
Dollar mattress there are no phony promises no bait and switched great discount prices great brands the top in the business
You know that now even clothing stirons have been anis foster and when you call dollar mattress
They give you service like nobody ever heard of in your lifetime
You pick the day and time for delivery
You just pick a two-hour window and it's convenient for you when your ass is going to be home like one to three two to four
or anything whatever
Seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 p.m. And they will show up on time into a great job
Taking away the crappy old vetting and setting up your brand new great one
Honest sales practices fantastic service
Unbeatable everyday low prices same-day delivery and free set up and mobile
So it's easy to see why dollar mattress gives you an unbeatable combination and the ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction
Don't get sucked in but or so called giants in the mattress in three or the phony furniture stores
They can't match dollar mattress no way know how call them today and do what George be doing in McGail and Volka Brian and Fatboy
And yours truly I'm a for Ellis trying desperately to do get you a great night sleep from dollar mattress calm today
Tool free 1 800 MATTR ES 1 800 MATTR ES online check them out when in doubt at mattress dot com
Neil God
Maccopy
Tell them Ellen tell I'll have heard the unit Calshire Ron and G.E. North drop and run MCI World time figure and bot's tail are in
Dear Mickey and log ground and root Carlisle and the Rendon group murder Docs Fox News and Reuters on young boy
Choice point democracy by date of base technologies Chuck Agel's dive old blocking out your vote
George Bush is a liar
Exploiting 9 11 for a global empire George Bush is a liar
Can teach the un-elected right house
I'll be fire it chainy wolf a wits Richard Pearl another dick Andrew card Carl Robin mark right to kick cold
Yeah, he'll push get pushed George P and daddy Bush Preston and Columban no well not to mention part of the trader Bob
No fact stabsy I am the fact Rumswell says all as well and other soldier dies out
Spoken Democrats in the mail they get interact part of hand well stoned in before their time
George Bush is a liar
Like all his corporate meal comes with that see hard on George Bush is a liar
And the sinister media as you believe in it George Bush is a liar
The song is something that'll never get up your channel
George Bush is a liar
But trader and the needy and criminal pieces
And 18 or speaking of a liar
I'm speaking of a liar
I'm a liar
I'm a liar
Are you done?
Oh, thank you
Speaking of a book of brands. So he tried to send me a couple of weeks ago. I one of his discs up in Toronto FedEx
And it was a little bit of a problem
He went to FedEx and I said oh we can't do that because he's been using the station account
Of course, which natural they should pay. It's part of the operating expense of doing business
Oh, we can't do that that comes been closed
What?
Because beastlies didn't pay the FedEx account. They cancel the account. They closed it
No, seriously, that's the nature of this company people think I'm making these things up
That's a true story my hand to the sky
They closed our FedEx account and that's why you had to pay out of his own poor pocket
Little baldy there had a dig in their deep had to borrow the money from rumor
And I should give you a real good clue as to what this place is all about. They're raking it on the one side
But they don't want to send it out so fast on the other side except of course when it comes to me
Which I do thank them for that second paycheck for the same peer-prepared with anybody else
Anybody of less candor than me that they said oh thanks a lot Duff and shoved it right deep into their pocket
They to put their hand deep in their pants and squeeze a little bit because when you get an extra paycheck
That you're not supposed to be getting. Don't you think most people would have just pocketed that?
And then try to see if well, maybe they'll catch it down the road, but maybe they won't
Maybe they're so dumb they won't catch it
Huh? I think most people would have been dishonest
If your boss anybody out there your boss gave you a second paycheck that you didn't have coming for the same period
You already got paid for wouldn't you have taken it?
Stuffed in your pocket and got out and spending before they could ask for it back. You better sweet ass you would have
Speaking to ass
Oh, yeah, Larry Flynn. I saw that this morning. The only difference being
Larry Flynn brought the purported nude photos of Jessica Lynch
But he says the reason that he bought him was that so never nobody would publish them
Yeah, he bought him up
They're not gonna put him in hustler. That's what he says Larry flit
He said we were gonna put him in a
Little paper as what he said he was snorting when he said it. Well, he's having a little tough time these days
Why are you giving me a look like that? Aren't there other copies somewhere?
I don't know. He says he purchased them in order to keep them out of circulation not to publish them
Flint no friend of the Bush administration
Republicans said the president is using Lynch to justify the war in Iraq and he has usual is
Absolutely correct sir. I say let's have Larry Flynn for president
We already had the FDR and we'll cheer why not right? We have one really great president got elected four freaking times
They might even undo that constitutional amendment
Let them stay in their hell at least to provide porn for everybody and then maybe he'll show us them pictures
All the who wants to see Jessica? Oh, I don't
She's got smaller hooters than what's your name under than uh solely dad
She's got like raisinets
Soly dad a Brian is the anti-Christ make no mistake about that on a certainly not news network
Here's Martin and Miami in regard to our pulses Argentinian women are on fire. They're flaming
That's what the martin says. You ought to know see so we'll get Argentinians on there
I'll facsia and I see Eric takes everything serious. I was just joking about that and right away he calls up Scott
Oh
I got work to do up here
I can't listen every middle of the show all four hours. You have to fact just relax Eric. Okay, well
I'll sit here. I'll make a list
I got Argentinians on air will make a little list here during the breaks
I'll facs you additions on air just calm down put down your breakfast burritos and your lunch
Which you have on the other side and just calm down a little bit tone it down a few notches you asshole
You fat tub of bull crap you okay? And by the way on the weekends will be nice to get the new bedtime stories under before like
340 afternoon
I mean you're doing a great job, but I just just a little word to suggestion
It would be nice to get the bedtime stories on around the weekend before like five six in the evening when everybody's going to bed
Since I facs them since I email them the Eric like in the wee hours and usually the night before he has them all by early in the morning
But he's busy eating late into the night on the weekends has a lot of indigestion and once in a great while his
Japanese his lovely wife allows him to service or I understand to the grapevine once in a great while
And if you saw what he looked like and how big he is you'd understand yourself is he a large man?
He's a gigantic. He's a giant in the internet industry. Make no mistake about it
So we don't want to bother Eric because we know you're very busy now with your breakfastes
Well, I got a great article here this George Soros come on. Thank you whoever fax this to me because I didn't see it
Want to thank them profusely and usually we're bitching out people who send us like six page articles
I'm gonna read it about George Soros and a little bit
Oh, earth cups and it's dead. You know who heard over a cup and it was
No, you wouldn't because you know from Chicago
Herb cups and very famous as Chicago comments who had cups calm in the Chicago sometimes
He also had a TV show in Chicago. He was a very famous kind of guy
Big celebrity in the Midwest especially in the Chicago area and for many years he competed with Walter
Windschild and maybe with Miss Drudge
Miss Drudge how you doing? Miss Drudge your little fagged your little flavor
She's probably putting on trying on some of Anne's clothing right now
See one thing if Anne and the Miss Drudge moving together they can wear the same wardrobe
Oh, yeah, she wear the pants in that family. I'll guarantee you that right now
Miss Drudge he tried to send him little skirts, you know some little outfits probably brown panties to him as fudge
She's packing it
Here Anne's packing a big one. So anyway, earth cups and it's dead at 91
91 is old enough when you say when most of us like to make it to 91
I'm hoping to make it to 61. Yeah, well
I did honey like that and look at me. Few rally for all of it. Let's hear that good news like I said before
That's really good news that the Schwarzenegger's out there aren't getting sucked in by these preachers out there
See one thing which most of you I'm sure are aware of is that most people in the black community
Don't you love those terms the black community most black folks in america who can't get like an honest job they become preachers
Right having you ever noticed that how many black churches there are Haitian churches and Jamaican churches and black churches
Every three corners like at least a dozen
And that's because you've got to have a place for the preachers the self-appointed preachers to go
Here's Reverend Jackson and here's Reverend Al Sharpton
See one thing about Al Sharpton. I hate to say this, but it's the honest show
I hate to say it but out of all the
Feel like democratic contenders
Al Sharpton is by far and away and don't get me wrong
I wouldn't vote for it well. I would vote for him. I vote for anybody against bush
But in the primary I wouldn't vote for him because he's a evil person and a racist
But he's by far in a way the most forceful speaker. He's got the best sense of humor
He puts everybody else in her place. I mean Sharpton runs circles around the other ones
I saw a lot of them up in New York
A lot of what a lot of Al Sharpton
I just saw a lot of Al Sharpton's in New York. Are you making another racist comment?
Picking a page out of your buddy for all the songbook. Nice going Scott. You're fired
Few rally for elephant
Task force expects to have ready a report ready for bush this week. That's Jeb bush. We got to keep our bushes straight
Broward County election supervisor Miriam elephant rallyed in private Monday. Look at that Irish have only two votes
On our poll those pasty Irishman
Generally speaking Irish people are not attractive. Of course there's some people
I know who aren't into attractive people which is good good for me
But they're not really as good, but Irish pasty Irishman with a bad complexion in those
What do you call those things in the like freckles?
Not just freckles. You know I'm talking about yeah deep red cheeks. Yeah, geez
Like Prince Harry and you oh man. Are you grotesque anyway?
Broward County election supervisor Miriam elephant rallyed in
Private Monday with a handful of supported a small handful about a dozen
Although black ministers urged and see people think I'm making that up if they don't read the newspaper
Which most people don't and I don't blame them down here
Although black ministers urged their congregations over the weekend to turn out by the hundreds to stand behind the emphatiled
Miriam elephant
Doesn't show it up at the government center. Oh yeah. We watch an email the governor
We want hundreds of people to show up. Uh, did it happen? No. Is it ever gonna have no? No, okay? They're on to work
Okay, and they're on to all you phony preachers to try to make a racial issue out of this
Which it isn't a racial issue
See here's another reason why there's so much racial hatred in this country is that people take somebody who's totally incompetent or somebody who's clearly a
Pieces crap like OJ and then they try to make it into a racial thing
And like the caller said on Friday, we had a very good point when you try to defend somebody when you hire a black person
And they're incompetent and then you have all kinds of a source when you try to get rhythm
Other people aren't gonna be so anxious to hire a black person if they got equally qualified black and white people for the same job
They're gonna hire the white person because the white person's never gonna be able to say oh you can't fire me. I'm white
Nobody ever said you can't fire me because I'm white
But the other person like Miriam for example
Oh, you can't fire me because I'm black and we'll get the NAVP and the all these others and the
Preachers and the organization and all of a sudden the crap will bring back Peter Royal
And we'll make a big stink about it and beat the crap out everybody if they don't go along with us
Yeah, we'll get big number eight to beat up on everybody
That's what we need is number eight back on the panthers. What do you say? No?
not
not
See that was a good move that they made Alan Cohen you know nothing about hockey. I'm embarrassed for the organization
That a guy like Mike Keenan who's got you know, Stanley Cup in New York to his credit
Which almost nobody else in the history mankind at least in modern history's got can say that almost have one same loose
That's right. Daniel head one in San Lewis
Mike Keenan he's been around gets candle out of places just like your buddy for well
He gets candid as me doesn't have any talent. He's just a hard ass. That's all he's difficult to handle
And the Panther organization being the Alan Cohen who knows nothing. How's Bernie Kossard doing by the way?
Seeing him lately
Oh silly you should have been here the day that they made the breathless announcement about buying the team and Bernie comes in here
And he opened the door. He was giggling like a little girl. Wasn't Bernie Kossard quarterback?
For yeah for the Browns and the dolphins. Yes. So what does that have to do with hockey?
Nothing but he's got a big nose
Axe and I saw my opponent
Morton and his New York City bosses run over a monkey
My opponent Mary Ellen fish box has her period three out of four weeks a month
My opponent Morton got fired from the mall
For sexually harassing a mannequin
Well my opponent Mary Ellen fish box
Each leftover fruit from box glasses
Oh
My opponent Morton
Is it better?
My opponent Mary Ellen fish box never offered a reach around
Morton Morton is sterile
Your fridgey bitch
You can get laid in credits marriage if your spores was a cure for AIDS
By your alesbo
You're a piece of crap
You're a no good skink
My dick's bigger
Pay for by friends of Morton and Mary Ellen fish box
Thank you 1032 and 560 WDQ I am happy Tuesday to a 61 votes on a poll
We'll get there. We'll get some more categories on here
Eventually I know this Eric already got Argentinians on there nice going Eric. He must be in between feedings
sexually or the hottest people on the world in the world Americans 21
Well, it's probably because many of you have limited experience
Yeah, I should have figured that in the beginning
Because Americans tend to be very parochial people
Although we have all these other invaders here
That doesn't mean you have to do some of these other people on their turf
See what I'm saying
Like I never been to Columbia
But I have been well
Columbia in 16 Italians 14 Irish six and that's those pasty Irish and Argentinians four
Already just went on it's already got four I got one yeah Russians
Russians Russian women especially really well
Ha ha ha
Russian I would say Columbia and man especially I mean yeah, that just makes sense
You're gonna say Russian because I'm assuming you never had sex with a Russian guy not even Pavel Buray
Not lately or Sergei Fedorov who's she bearded for now? Oh, that's right. It's Enrique
That Anna Cornelhoid is not isn't that the new deal? Yeah last year was Lexi Yashin
Now have you ever noticed how she tends to be a beard for every closet? I mean, I love you Enrique
But let's face it man you ain't fooling nobody sweetheart and he already told me it's really really teeny and tiny
He is even the guys have to admit it's not not in public but behind closed doors that he is just hot super super hot
He's flaming
Here's a fact from that Denver fan again. Just don't get carried away. We kicked your ass last week
There's nothing better than a honey glazed Brazilian woman. Oh, yeah, but can you be sure that's really a woman?
That's the question brazil uh-huh, huh? Yeah, Russians and Brazilians Eric put them on there and don't play hard to get okay
I mean I can fact you to them, but what's the point he's listening
Let me say it again. Let me interrupt your hard work that you're doing Russians and Brazilians Eric you got it
Good get it Russians and frickin Brazilians the women
Well, we're not we're not specifying because we're assuming that since our audience is predominantly male
They're talking about man. I mean women
In this crowd who now knows they wanted to see endless summer over and over again
Endless loop they want to see that surfing flick with Bruce Brown any guy whose name is Bruce be very very worry
Okay be very underweary
It says they're hormonal imbalance also makes nice a treat in the L sacco the Brazilian women
Trust me get one of those Brazilian honey's in the sac you'll find out the meaning of
Mui caliente in your case
I guess you need to think of a Brazilian guy with the masculine I can read the last line on here
See it's like that which is probably just as good probably the masculine sauce on is no something knows
The Denver fan is a little bit out of sorts after the patriots kicked in recess with a great come from behind ice gone top Brady
How about in New England? How about the hot guys in then New England
5 6 7 0 5 60
Town 5 60 on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless line. We'll take a few calls here today
I got some important reading to do this George Soros article is sensational
billionaire Soros takes on bush to which we say oh right. Yeah nice college George you go boy
Good work
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir first call of the day make it very good Miami. Yes, sir
Good morning, Uncle Neil. Yeah, I'm sorry to call you a little bit late for your birthday
That's okay over with our in this is already the allow by the way happy veterans day at all the veterans. We appreciate your efforts
The reason why I'm calling is not to rip ass and not to kiss ass. Yes, go ahead kiss the one
Go ahead kissy kissy
Come on. Give me a little kiss right
I'm like I said don't do it again. He's got a tanker
Yeah, I'm married to one for 10 years and the most fabulous
Lovers in the world are really they got a big ass
And they're not a big ass a fantastic
The land and women the land and the Italian women are the ones with the big ass right?
No sir, but Russia is the other best. Okay, and I want you to know one thing that George the gentleman next to you
I profusely enjoy every single time when I listen to him. Oh great. Well put him on and about an hour sounds good
Beautiful have yourself a lovely day. I'm gonna have yourself. Okay. Thank you. Oh, okay. Go have yourself
5 see a Russian Russians the Eric Russians Brazilians that where we are in just hand Russians, didn't we like I said Russians and Brazilians
The hottest sexual animals in the world Americans 22 Italians 19
Yeah, but there's a tiny women have all that armpit here
You know, it's a little bit gets in a way plus if they'd ever like you know be bathed once in a while would be good
A Titans are not the best when it comes to hygiene
Norton like in Milan. Of course, Milan is more like a new York. Milan is like more industrial
It's a lot not even like Italy. It's more like northern Europe
But the rest of Italy from South of Milan, oh man. It's a little on the game you said
Ooh, you know, it smells like they've slept in your clothing for like weeks and months at a time some of them
I'm just telling you the way it is
Especially when you get on the crowded bus
Oh, baby, it's really exciting and then of course you're also like you're you're at your hand on your pocket because you don't want the gypsies to steal your wallet
Your credit cards and then you try and like put your other head on your nose. You don't have to smell the aroma
the scent
72 votes Americans 22 Italians 19
Columbians 18 trust me all you people of any persuasion out there get a hold of a hot Colombian which sure that's redundant
Wow
Trust me from very much personal experience. I was seven seven like those pasty Irish Argentinian six Russian zero and Brazilians
Have got the big so far. He said I got a big one
Oh, it's big of crazy Italians. Well, he's really a pollock the Pope
The Pope does it again. See oh the Holy Father the Holy Father you people in the medium and you all belong on death row your crazy people
I'll tell you that right now ladies and gentlemen
Crazy people out there in the me the Holy Father was very frail, but is planning 15 visits next year
Yeah, don't plan too far ahead pops
John Paul the second yesterday and by the way you're doing a beautiful job with our website Eric
I love the way these stories print out now see now they all when you when you click on them
They all have like the neo-roggers logo on top when you put them up
You can go to the origin link for to find out from what's it came
But it's a beautiful thing and eric did that all by himself. Isn't that great?
He's doing his job. He's doing it
By the way, if you got right he's got them on there already Russians and Brazilians
He just caused a bitch. That's all he just is a bitch
Eric quick be in such a fat bitch, okay? Because if you're so busy. How come you're getting the one?
I'm just doing them one at a time not gonna make like a long list of every idiot like a Stonians are gonna be on there or like Latvians
Anybody ever screw a Latvian probably not that's why they got such a small population same with the lictinstein
Spoke John Paul the tooth yesterday denounced as morally contradictory and I bet you what's his name's pretty pissed off about a two
George Reeves. I mean Steve Reeves. I mean what the hell is his name?
Can't or Reeves no Superman
Christopher Reeve Christopher Reeve well, I got all the other ones read by the way speaking of fat people look at Zack
Looting up like a cow. What what is yours? No, it's seriously. I think that you people need some help
No, because I'm not here for you often what I came in yesterday morning
I saw that gigantic tub of food on the table there from how he's how is your listen to me
Don't don't tell me you're not eating any of it. You're a pig. You had like a sandwich in each hand and a strawberry milkshake
You were sucking the straw on the table
He was bending over and of course Terrence came in and had his eyes are rolling around like a pinball machine when he saw you hunched over like that
Look to me like he was I and your back dome ass
But in any way now see you're not listening to me now. He's pat pat pat would say he would no one listen
You just it's a waste of time it's a waste of effort
You're gonna wind up just like Josh for you. They're gonna be stapling your stomach
You wind up like the beast who's already hit the beast is how will like about 26 28 something like that? How old is he?
About 30. No, seriously. He's liking his uh
3rd man
Yeah, he's still running while I can overgrown trail that you and by the way nice game there beast
But in any rate uh, he's already had like every goddamn procedure and you're gonna wind up with the same thing
He's not listening to a word that I'm saying he just wants to eat just shovel it in there
It's the Jewish way man. Just keep shoveling the food in there
Probably his parents keep force feeding and they sit in the corner and I they just oh here eat SS
It's good for you. Yes. Yeah
All that fatty stuff all those blinces man
Mozza balls nothing but pure carbohydrates. Oh, by the way. I got a great new sponsor coming on
I am so ecstatic about these people
It's called inter-ex diabetic stuff. It's a drink
And doesn't have nearly as many carbs as uh slim fast some of those and it actually tastes good people nice guys
They were in here this morning and I drank a couple of those probably shouldn't have had a couple, but they're so damn good
But anyway, we'll be telling you about that as soon as they start paying for it in a speech to scientists
Yes, they have hopes that research in the stem cell technology has understandably grown and important in recent years because of the
Hope it offers and the cure of ill-saffecting many peoples
John Paul suffers from Parkinson's disease one of the ailments that might benefit from stem cell
However, he reiterated the Vatican position to show what a moron he is that stem cells for purposes of experimentation of treatment
Cannot come from human embryo tissue
Oh god loves those embryos baby
Vatican teaching holds that life begins a conception not contraception God forbid a conception
Any treatment which claims to save human lives yet is based on human life in its embryotic state is logically and morally
Contradictuaries is any production of human embryos for the director indirect purpose of experimentation or eventual destruction
The pope told participants in a stone age meaning organized by the pontifical Academy of Sciences and advisory body in the
And the immediate continues going on about the holy father said this and the holy father and you idiots out there
You crazy people with your rosary beads and your virgin Mary's in your crucifixes and your wolf bane. What is wrong with you?
Man, oh man, oh man
If you could just set your brains free what a great place the world would be
And that a great saying what a great place the world would be if people could set their brains free and be more like me
And the and go take a good pee
God what is wrong with this world, huh? So simple. There's nothing complicated about it. It's simple
And poor Christopher Reevaugh there was pissed off at the bush people now
He's probably really pissed off at the freaking pope too because the guy I know it. It's really asking a lot
But he'd like to walk in his lifetime. It'll be nice if somebody hundred years from now can do it
But he'd like to be able to do it himself in the pope still walk
Yeah excellent point
Stem cells baby sent him to the Vatican right now
I got the guy's neck
My army has the marlins world champion based wealthy not long before the series no fans were ever seen
Now that their chance they have the fans surrounding them like rats who went the celebrating tour
One refunds for their husband's they're just
front running for me
front running for me
Here's your dance of boredom just they won
Yeah, they're just front running for me
front running for me
Don't give a crap about the one
Miami brad sound peeking about a mile square
Let all around the boring
No one really cares
Four holes that take an interest in supporting their own team will call up
For radio to get their tickets
Because they're just front running for me
Oh
Short on support unless they want
Now
Hello
We go home now
You never know with him I thought maybe there might be a little something there a takedon on the end
It's 1047 at 560 wqm the highly rated the highly touted gym editor from sureless day two today
The Humberhank Goldberg at for this afternoon for three solid hours
Haven't seen Hank in months and months and months you think he's gonna come in early to say say hi
Give me a big low five
Rob Conrad our at five to six. So Hank really only has a two-hour show
You know give me and then you got panther preview at seven of panthers and they lightweight to seven light near for real
Maybe they got the most wins in the conference. I believe eight Michael right?
They haven't lost one game they lost one game. They played only 12 games and they're like eight one two and one
I believe let's see the nine well. Yeah
And they're like they're on fire. They're for real. They're a hell of a team
Yeah, they got real good real fast. Yeah
What happened here? They got real bad real fast and they stayed real bad real fast
They keep getting worse real fast real fast and Tampa Bay will make the playoffs this year
In fact, it looks like probably they're gonna win the division them in Atlanta one two
I think the panther is gonna make the point. No, the panthers will not make the playoffs
I hate to break the news to you just like that thing
I just got through a planer that poke a brine but you see you have to be a realist
I like the panthers. I love hockey but the fact of the matter is Alan Cohen hasn't got any idea what he's doing in the first clue
Should have been when they said oh well, we're gonna keep Bill Torion because we like the way he wears them bow ties
We don't know nothing about it. He's the expert
Well as soon as they said that we knew they were full of crap
Because Bill Tor is expert he's kind of vanished once he left the honors about a hundred years ago
Long ancient past silly man playing too much comedy with them young girls. So at any rate
And that was the end of that and from there on we went downhill
Not that we want Pavel Burier Ray Windier Scott Melumbier Mike Solan Durant those guys because they were like too good
You know what's all the calls we had yesterday on this is supposed to be the hockey maven here all the calls we had about my keening getting fired the big oh
none zero
Anyway, we got the game tonight for if you can't go you should be going lightning in the panthers 7 30 at the macarena
I really entertaining team the lightning
They're fast they're young they can stick the biscuit in the basket
They got Nikolai hobby bull and that John now. What's his name Graham is pretty damn good too?
He played unbelievable the other night in
against Carolina and at one one time he was phenomenal and
You got Eddie K after the hockey game and Joe and Mark in the dark two to five overnight who hate mole like poisoned
But they're too afraid to say it
Here's the facts from Marty who says I'll tell you what Saudi Arabian women are animals once you take off all that towel that they're mummified in
Just say mummy mummy. They're so sexually deprived and they pray that when you get them they can be furious
Furious
I think if you can get past the stench you'll have a nice time with them
You think Italian women don't shape it says now that we bombed all of their men
They'll be heading our way. They'll be really extra horny. I guess
Says Marty Saudi Arabians. Let's get that on there. Okay. That's what Osama Yamama says
By the way, aren't you glad we're wasting 87 billion in Iraq with this war and killing all these people including all these American kids
Big instead of fighting terrorism with all of that money
Because now all this crap ensued Dan and Saudi Arabian all over the world and of course here
We'll probably have some more crap again no doubt
And we're just not doing it if we got Osama yet and Sodom Hussein and
Mula Pula Omar and all these other going on now we don't
But we sure talk a good game here's while I was away a
Birthday card from Rita
formerly of green acres
Las Vegas and now visiting on a bench in Del Rey
You're now sitting on a bench in Del Rey. She's here. Thank you Rita. You're the one. She's it plus the van lady left mine in my mailbox. That was it
I've been on the year a zillion years in this market a
million years
The two birthday cards in the audience
Does that tell you a lot about this time? I mean usually every year. It's like you know a nine eleven a dozen fifteen
What's something like that two count them? There's no well wishes on the air. Well, what what does that mean? Anybody who's calling?
I mean, that's for free
Well wishes my ass
Oh, I don't wait. Oh, and here's another one. I take that back because I forgot about my buddy Pete from Michigan State. Thank you Pete
Pete runs a place called khakis. It's a Spartan-owned restaurant in Boka and by the way if Moe comes in there
Kick his ass out Pete if Moe comes in there looking for a freebie snoring around kick his disgusting slimy old ass up
The room around a building is and it's not just a rumor
He came and dressed up like a clown or something this morning and what was that all about yellow shoes big red nose backwards hat
Yeah, beard and what does that mean? I don't know
Was that his disguise maybe he put I still think he put his hairpiece on his chin. I don't think he has a mean chinball at Moe
I don't think it was under the hat today
He wasn't wearing a hairpiece. Oh god, I missed that. I had a given anything to see that two days in a row
I miss my close personal buddy Moe
Man because one thing about him the Moe I see him the more absolutely despise him
You know absolutely right anyway. Here's the happy 60th birthday plus it was 61 Pete get it right from the S.S.A.
Alumni of South Florida. Hope you like the shirt. I love the shirt if you don't say stick it up your ass
Kanky's a Spartan-owned restaurant in Boka asked for Pete go up there and say hi to Pete tell my nice and you buy he'll charge you double
And it's a beautiful thing. Look at that. Let me see Spartans got their ass kicked by Ohio State on Saturday
We don't care. It's all right. Everybody on campus is still getting laid four or five times a day
No problem. They're drinking at my stir brother
Nobody can drink like the Spartans. I'll tell you that right freaking now. That's pretty swell and so is the shirt
Yeah, it's swelling right now. I'm just thinking about it. Hey, I went to a couple of classes in two years maybe two or three
And they said oh, please don't come back and I said all right
56705 60 pound five 60 on the 18 TNT and Verizon line sexually who are the hottest people in the world Americans 30
Americans are got 30
Columbians 27 Italian 26 Italians are right on the Colombian ass
Brazilians 24 the Irish did pace the Irish you got 10 their second wind their way in the behind
Our Gentiniens have nine
Russians have got six and where's Brazilians? Oh 24 and Saudi Ravens just went up on their out of 132 votes
Brazilians 24 I guess that's for guys who aren't picky. They don't really cares long as it's alive and you know warm
Because with the Brazilians seriously from what I read and here and seen
You can't really be sure what you got to hold up
Kind of like Eddie Murphy and what's his name all over again? Yeah, that's why they invented that wax you grant
Yeah, that's they have waxy buildup
56705 60 pound five 60 on the 18 TNT. I have good news about my health by the way for those people praying that I die
Too bad you lose
Thanks to my good close friends the rimmers. I was like all set up to be doctrine again
I don't want to go run into doctors every time I'm here
But I've had this irritable bowel for like weeks and weeks and weeks. Oh man
And then I had that wonderful experience yesterday. I mean
15
And I think I got it all in my assist. I woke up this morning like a miracle and it's all gone
It's all gone. I feel like a new new guy. Just amazing. Thank you God
You know I'm talking about. Yeah, good. Thank you so much
Here's pompano hello
Happy for later one to you too
That's Reverend Jones 56705 60 pound five seed and put it through a sock
You can try to filter it to a soup can you're still the same asshole. Okay, Reverend Jones go away. Wait till George comes back
I've made him
Here's Miami hello
Yes
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
For Lauderdale
Yes
What is it
Yes, it is
Hey, you like it? Hey, children. Yeah, uh
5670560 might not just take any calls today just a bunch of assholes. Here's Kendall. Hello
Kendall
Hey, how are you doing? Okay, listen, um, I think you got to put Greeks on there Greek
Yeah, I mean if any cold
ethnic group we take it up the uh, no, okay, great
Okay, so we've had three in a row and they all have basically the same thing in their mind rectum
What they got that's all they know
5670 this is really special today and it 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
It wasn't mine ones working call from guy. I know because I had fixed it fix it gains. Feel hello
Hey, Neil. What's up? Oh, how you doing, sir?
Four questions. Uh, I think you got to add French ladies to the list there. Yeah
You must okay. We must French French
All right, thank you. Have a good one. Okay. That's it. I'm very good. I must phone is being tapped there
CIA tab you can hear it
French put the French on here. Okay, Eric some right immediately cooking a French toast
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T see Jimmy out and he's the only engineer we got there really cares
And if you say hey, this is broken he magically goes and does something and he fixes it. What a concept
Hey, man unlike George Corso and Bob Vermoth and some other slackers we got around here who quite frankly don't give a crap
We're sports video five 60
UAM
ah
Ha ha I can't believe I'm the winner. I am the winner
Well, it wasn't even close. I exterminated for all great day. Chris
Don't people didn't see to care. I grabbed the four bees. I'm the little miss
California I spoke and I'm the winner lots of women said I followed them in all it was like 30
But I don't care and the water's gonna care because now I'm done to roll for native of the California
Well, I used all of my muscle and I used all of my sex appeal
I'm very I guess the voters didn't care that I made all those big mouthful cheese and sco-real
Ha ha ha ha ha
Well, if you're honest with your public and you tell them you have a final story
Trust me
They'll forgive you like it did me and elect you to the GOP
Is a key change in the song
Who's the man's a little fat man supamario brother never had a prayer
You know
The border starts about to take it in his little pack man on the way
Oh, it was in the tiny holes
I'm the victor I'm the winner and my hard-wired music cannot be
Ha ha ha and now I'm done to grow up on native of the California G-O-D
I'm embarrassing a level 0 2 at 560 here's the facts that says verifying what I told you
See all these homophobes in lunatics and right wing bush lickers out there calling in they're just jealous too bad
And also really upset over the fact that I'm feeling so good today man
I feel like I just though was reborn too bad sounds like another 20 years of me on a year ripping your ass
Facts as I'm a little Jewish guy who happens to marry to a Colombian girl
Oy
And yes, you're right Colombians are the hottest I think so together. We just produced a bouncing baby, Jolombian
It says ps check your spelling on a website. It's Colombian with an oh as in oh
As in as opposed to you. That's okay. Eris busy. He's got a lot of other work to do
He can't be bothered worried about spell checking and stuff like that
So we're doing the best we can and in spite of his bad spelling presidians and Colombians are tied numero uno
39 of peace merkins 31 see I mean americans is like you know generic that could be like people from Indiana
Can we like people from Kentucky? Yahoo's people with long ponytails like fix it. Thanks fix it. You're the best
No
No, seriously, this is one of the few people in the world like in the engineering department you say
Hey, there's something wrong and there's a oh, I can't handle it. I'm leaving. I have to go to the doctor now
I can't believe I saw that it's actually fixed
Well come right on in and stick it in there. I mean
Oh, you're not that good
No, and you still look pretty bad. No, there's the uh there just uh just stick my cord on it
Just stick that thing right in the slot
We got our uh in one day see this goes to show you a George Corso and I had two bad it wasn't both of your legs
We had to get we had to get done corleone seriously done corleone to break both of his legs that piece of crap
You know I'm talking about
God is he pathetic just a slacker is what he is when you're gonna wake up and get with it you idiot
Thanks to fix it. You're the best like I said and by the way before you leave
It leaves it good
I think it's only so we got everything fixed we got line one working again for the first time in months
We got the office phone in here working because we got a wheel engineer who cares
Sends is very best as opposed to a bunch of excuse making goofballs who never show up all the time
Oh, well George got a bad leg and he's out of crutch. Yeah
Never stop fat boy. He's wild and look at that another phone is ringing you idiot
Oh, no
What I was you calling my office phone now. How do I get rid of it?
God
Fix it. I like things better when they're broke. They don't make all that noise
Anyway, but resins 39 Columbians are 33 Americans 31 Italians 30 if they don't if they shower once in a great while
Maybe a little bath
Maybe like a sponge bath would be good Argentinians 15 the Irish have got 12
They like that Irish spring that Irish spring steam Russians nine Saudi Ravens three and a French have got one
The
Freedom people
Well, we can't say the French no more. That's another example of a silly kind of mindless things that Americans do the dumb ones
You know, oh well the president says the French and the Germans are our enemies now. So let's call them freedom fries
Oh, okay makes sense to me. Oh, yeah, sounds good roofage
Make me have the back to then freedom fries and hold the mail
It's it's a scary thing
But when you take take a look at the map everybody in the audience go get a map go on the internet and find a map of the U.S
And take a look at the states like look at Wyoming and Idaho and the Dakotas in Montana and Arizona and the Nebraska
And Indiana and Kentucky and Mississippi and Alabama and Louisiana and Texas and Oklahoma and the Carolinas and Georgia
and Virginia
And you start saying to yourself this is a mugwump country
Yeah, a lot of mugwumps running around out there and loose
And then look at like it outside of South Florida. Look at the right while just look at this but look at the rest of Florida. There's two egg
Right and there's temple terrace and there's lutes
I know who holy moly man y'all come back now here and there's gains book
Then there's Lakeland. Why are we? Why are we? Why the trainer prox in the state of Florida man? Guaranteed that
Seriously air VF 50 yards
In most of the rest outside of Dave Brown and Palm Beach there's a whole bunch of trailer park
It's true. I'm gonna read this whole article when I get time back to the break about George Soros. This is good news
Just to give you little tease missle get the right wingers all been out of shape
George Soros one of the world's richest men is given away nearly five billion dollars to promote
Democracy in the former Soviet block African-Asian now. He has a new project defeating George Bush
I saw George baby. I wish I would listen to him
He was one of the first people who said back during the dot com crash
In the months before it happened he said all of this stuff most of these companies are going to go out of business in a few months
Most of this is a paper tiger. It's all built on a deck of cards. It's gonna come crashing down
And I you know, I wish I would listen to him instead of
You know what I'm saying
I wish I would listen to a bigger pardon I can 87 one of the other stocks crash
Now 87 we're not talking about you seven. We're talking about in 2001 Scott just dummy up
Uh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless lines
He won't think about Scott. He made happy good, but he's consistent
Here's point and beach hello. Hey Neil how you doing pretty good sir? Yeah, okay, um, I have a
A nice little race coast of recon chick
Uh, they like Puerto Rican girls, but without that attitude and without that the Negro attitude Negro attitude
Yeah, you know, they all knew you're reconfied, you know, Newgarican. Yeah
Yeah, okay, great. What do you say
five six seven oh five sixty we're still looking for our first real call of the day
We've had a bunch of well and then we had the first guy was okay. Whatever he said. I forget. He sucked my ass
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Here's a call from boca. Hello
Boca all right Neil how you doing pretty good. Thanks
Too late
Got a got a great
category for Swedish women
Swedish of course. Why not Swedish man just because that Swedish porn is ancient history
Don't overlook them Swedes man. They're hot. Can't forget Elkisama. Don't forget the Swedes. How about Anna Cornelhoia
That's right. She's Russian but Red Ed Quinn and her good days. Yeah, there you go. Got a great story for you
My brother is a year's after and his
Primary practice with people with hearing loss right close me up
Yes, that he says you wouldn't believe it. He goes I just had some for this and a priest come into see me today
So they take his medical history the guys on every hand side depressant under the sun
But when I asked him what your chief complaint
Refused hearing loss
God honest quote from the guy God honest
I can't hear the little boys
What does that mean? That's what my brother couldn't figure out
Even said to the priest what's what's your biggest problem as far as hearing goes because I can't hear the little boys
There's no fact in the church
Okay, well thanks. Well, well, well, we'll ponder that for a little while
He's a I guess when the door opens. He just can't hear them coming squirt squirt what it means
All the probably in their case. They're too a little to be doing that yet anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 you figure that out. You have any idea
I think we got a bunch of perverts on the phone here today if he asked me what show was that we were listening to
Residians 44 Columbians 38 Americans 34 Tatians 30 about 30 and that's it
After that it's small potatoes
I'll grab these faxes man important. I see here's another chronic chronic chronic faxer
Just unbelievable
Venice Waylands. Oh, let's get Venice Waylands on air the Latino people, huh
Latinos
Venice Waylands especially the women are the most beautiful
Supple creatures on it just look at the number of misuniverse titles they own by the way
Did you find a curious that the US evacuated its people before the so-called al-Qaeda tech and Saudi Arabia that caught my little yeah
We had that article on the website just Saturday morning and then of course it happened later in Saturday
We had it on there just hours before it happened
So they were tipped off they knew something was coming
And then of course now in Sudan they're saying the same thing and plus more in Saudi Arabia
I all my I don't want to see anybody get injured
But you almost have to like have a little bit of glee over the fact that the Saudis are having us come up and bite him right back
And he asked they nurtured it even on the newscast even on the propaganda news in America
All of it as dirt found not guilty of murder in neighbors dead. I haven't found that story Fred Dursd
I didn't know he killed anybody
But the Saudis have been nurturing it and funding it and supporting it like that cbc documentary
I played a couple of times with is on our website still and all of a sudden it bites bites him in the ass
Somebody drew a good analogy. They said it's just like if you raise a pet snake
You raise a snake and all of a sudden one day when you least expect it
You know you feed it you help it grow and you encourage it and then one day
Just snares up its head and bites you right in the ass and that's what's happening in freaking Saudis
Maybe this will wake up and get them off their schmothas you know it
11 past 11 at 560 WQM if you need to get some help for your head if your head it looks like bokeh brine
But I tell you one thing he lost a lot of weight most of them is head
He lost about 40 pounds of hair and you guys out there you can empathize because most of us have that male pattern baldness that the Lord likes to dispense
Freely just hands it out to almost everybody
So Charles Alfier is the guy you ought to be talking to because you can go to a lot of people
There must be a thousand different ways that you can try to fill in that spot on your head now
And most of them in fact almost all of Marluiticus the holes in the head the magic pills that supposedly make you grow hair
I love the guys that take the pills and like every day they're like in the in the bathroom
They're looking in the mirror. You know, oh, there's a follicle maybe well, I ain't gonna get the job then if you're living to be 500 of my work
For over 25 years Charles Alfier has been helping guys look their best to rich the not so rich in everybody in between because they know that no matter
How much money they spend they can't get a better looking head ear than that natural hair line system
In fact Moasov said with his piece he just didn't even worth this morning
Now he just went and down he threw the old muskrat out and everybody gets Charlie's 38-A guarantee
So you have nothing to lose but that ugly glaring bald spot
If you don't love the way after 30 days that looks and feels and smells if you're not getting late at least 15 20 30 times a week
Just give Charlie the old hair and he'll give you your money back and right now if you mentioned the arrages when you make the call
You get an extra 200 bucks off the already low price
Here's the toll free number to call to get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
1 800 3 2 1 24 13 that's 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 or
Look him up on a way about Charles Alfieri dot com
You know
This is sports when you're fighting
You way up
From the producers of American Idol
From the heartwarming collection of favorites interpreted by America's sweetheart
Jerry Shiboh
You
Of course he loves to sing look how she smiling
finally
Daniel
you
And
Yes, it's Terry Shethel, live from room 214 C, another exploitation available now from the supplicant breath.
Every note is how much he sounds like Eric, especially on that last one we're sweating.
Wooo! Like that.
Okay? That's Eric.
1118-560 W-D-Q-A-M anyway, George Bush's 3-day visit to London next week is prompting tension between US security agents and Ken Livingstone.
American officials are demanding an exclusion zone round a president while the London mayor wants to keep the city as open as possible.
Metropolitan police are planning a four, I don't know what that is, a security operation to cope with an estimated 100,000 anti-war protestors.
Why see four million pounds? God almighty, that's like $66.4 million.
Scotland yards is it'll facilitate lawful demonstrations but campaignists say pull weeks are trying to block them. Activist planning is stopped.
Bush protests march through central London. November 20th, the police are planning to seal off large parts of central London.
So you think you have problems in Miami just wait. And you do have problems in Miami on week after this next week.
Meanwhile, Michael Moore calls out the British to shout down the Bush visit. Let's hear it from Mike Morrigan.
All right!
Michael Moore author filmmaker and satirical nemesis of George W. Bush urged Britain's to take to the streets by the tens of thousands to protest the president's visit to London.
In London, it promoted his new book, Dude, where as my country more equipped he was the advanced man for next week's first ever full-of-address state visit to Britain by US president.
Bush has been using the British people now for the better half of a year as I covered essentially to say,
they see it's not just us the Brits are with us in Iraq, Moore told reporters, at the offices of his British publisher Penguin.
You need to expose the line by your presence and by showing the American people that in fact the British people don't support this argue the best selling writer.
I think British citizens have a very important job helping us remove Bush from office next year. White House planners reported Monday to be pressing British authorities to virtually shut down most of central London which I just mentioned in the other article.
I wonder if while they're there the president's going to have a little maybe cup of tea and some crumpets with Prince Charlie with Princess Charlie, you think?
Poor Princess Charlie, man, in that is shame.
There most definitely are several queens in Buckingham Palace make no mistake about it, okay?
Much of silly Brits, I've been telling these people for years that they're all a bunch of pansies over there and oh no that kneel he thinks everybody's a fag right I've been telling you that.
British men, fags, redundancy, 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Brazilians are off to the races, baby 52, a Colombians are hot on a razz with 44, Americans 40, mix and match. Here's Delray Beach, hello.
Delray Beach, the one and only, yes sir.
What's that?
Oh yeah, and she great.
I have never heard of the, I almost wrecked my word truck.
Terry sucks out the hits, baby.
That was the greatest thing if anybody doesn't like it they can go screw their soul.
They can kiss my ass right they can kiss both of my balls fun.
They can kiss everybody's ass in mine.
They can look my genitalia.
They can kiss Terry's ass.
Right.
I don't want to say that was the best thing ever heard Neil.
Excellent. Okay get back on the road. Thanks.
Wonderful.
Guy drove off the road there from Boca-Brown, he's a real hoot.
She sounded awful out like Helen Keller you notice.
566705, I can't believe we got line wide.
I just want to hear the dial tone on line one.
Oh, that great.
And that's cause of fix it. That's cause number one.
I'm here for a while and number two fix it was here and I said hey this needs to be fixed.
Okay, and he did it like magic in no time at all.
Like in less than a half an hour the office phone back there now that works.
See the rest of you fakers around here it's unfortunate for you.
It's lucky for us but unfortunate for you.
That Jim Yelton came to work here at WQA and because he goes to show the rest of you
what a bunch of incompetent lungheads you are and I don't want to hear the excuse well.
You know we got kiss and we got power 96 yeah kiss this.
That's my response to that okay.
All they do is make excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses.
It can't be done.
There's no way to fix it. We don't give a crap with that.
That last one that's the only honest one. They don't give a crap.
They don't care.
Now you notice how you saw all of a sudden he just very businessman like he will
disappear out of here for a half an hour.
He came back in line one was already working.
He handed us the phone. He hooked it up.
He stuck his thing in the right place and by the bang there it was.
That's the way you get things done around here.
You go to fix it.
Absolutely.
You got it. And by the way Mo nice outfit.
I am so sorry I missed it. Maybe he wore that just for me.
Huh you think trying to impress you.
Maybe he was trying to impress me with his garb is out there.
Maybe he was trying to match my slavomeliness.
Hey by the way Mo I'm still a Slav and proud of it.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing with listening to you for about a hundred years man?
Yeah seems like it.
Seems like it on this end I'll tell you that.
Well thanks for turning me on to the Michael Moore book the other day I was driving around
and you were talking you were reading a little bit out of it.
So I went to the bookstore picked it up I'm about more than halfway through.
I'm at the section there where he teaches you how to speak to your Republican brother.
Right.
By the way, you're at Venice Waylands get air of Venice Waylands on there.
I'm sorry go ahead.
Yeah I know a couple of assholes like that so it's going to come in handy that chapter.
Well thanks a lot Neil.
Okay pal, I like your reading it.
Yeah.
I love it.
And down with Bush.
Venice Waylands especially the women is this chronic faxist thing.
He did read this already.
No it says are the most beautiful supple creatures on earth.
Just look at the number of his universe titles they own by the way did you find a curious
the US evacuated.
Yeah, how we did read that.
Well so long ago.
Easy to forget.
How we doing with that best of Neil stuff.
We got an appearance yet lined up for this week.
No.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on.
I saw him go briefly yesterday.
We just don't know.
I did see some checks though come floating in here yesterday when I came back.
All these people I want to like handed to me personally.
Don't forget hockey game tonight.
For else got to write that check.
Bring your check book to the hockey game or just pull out a check.
Just pull it out for real.
Keep bastard.
Let's go.
Let's get with it.
Abandoned pet rescue.
No excuses.
No more excuses from the people around here.
I mean if Dave Hagen with his wife and everything could afford a nice check and Curtis who doesn't make like two nickels.
If he could afford a check.
And some of the other poor schleppers around here were really give a crap who tried to help out.
Be a part of the thing.
We just don't have enough team players on this radio station.
We got too many superstars.
I'm a star you know.
Even the anxious mole mice to even him.
That's right.
Even he let us do the thing with his key chains.
Even him.
Even the anxious mole Howard David who is reviled and despised by all.
Absolutely.
But nonetheless.
Even Gryper boy check in.
Did he really?
Yes he did.
I still don't like him.
Me neither.
I mean Moe.
I mean that's a different category altogether.
But Gryper he's just uh he's creepy.
He's got the perfect name.
He is as creepy.
They don't come no creeper than Gryper.
And if I've told him once I've told him.
Yeah.
Time to get his politics straight out self hating little right winged you.
Spore little brat been working here for 10 years.
Shows up whenever he feels like it.
Joa Costello hates him like poison wishes he would die a wicked death.
Wish he was like a Mack truck would run over right out in the parking lot.
Hate him.
Because he can't stand the fact that this little puss.
He must have naked pictures of Gryg with every broad that ever came into building.
He's got it got to be.
Oh my god.
I went speaking to Gryg.
Wasn't it nice to Gryg read a combine say hi to me yesterday was he here yesterday at all?
Because I think he was.
Yeah.
Never came by and said hey Neil how you doing haven't seen him in months didn't bother come by here.
No way Jose he just missed you.
What does that mean?
You left him.
He appeared.
Yeah I'm sure that must have been just an accident.
I guess they forgot to the time the show ends.
Schmuck.
Here's watching your car leave and on account of be caught.
Yeah he was sitting out there waiting for me.
He was around the corner waiting to see when I pulled out on a 441.
Because they're all even the Italy today you know the brain trust John Gyrriss and Greg and the power 96.
I told you.
What?
Why is he you have Alzheimer's at such a young age we talked about this yesterday.
It's their big trip to Italy for break meeting their quota whatever in sales.
I'm power 96.
Probably the AM people what I'm at a two of Todd rec wasn't running such a scam back there with his little agency business.
Man I'm so delighted that fact boy told me about that and I realized what a figure Scott Todd rec was.
Yeah that's right.
Fat boys don't want to told me he out of you.
He said that Todd rec.
Hi!
You're a Schmuck is what he said.
He said you're so full of crap you got you got a PD Lenny like little boiler room going back there with your own phony baloney phony agency.
And that's why we never get any real copy.
And I got one thing to say to you again Todd rec who hasn't shown his face one time since I've been back and I don't want to see him because he hasn't donated a nickel.
A lot of dime to our charity.
Nothing.
Hey Collagen man that's what I have to say to you.
If I continue to story again about how he screwed up that account.
This man could screw up the Pope your wet dream a goddamn wedding.
A wild sexual experience he could screw it up believe me Todd rec.
Collagen man.
What's that?
If you're underpaid and overworked like Scott because he's a moron maybe you'd like to have a new high paying career but you don't have four years to waste and college to get some training.
Here's the answer for you Todd.
Pick up the phone call fast train toll free at 866 fast train.
If you tell him that Todd rec called probably hang up on you immediately fast train can have you train and certified for a real job unlike Todd.
It just sits back there playing phony baloney games and right now phony contrast sliders.
They can have you train and certified for a high paying computer network professional career or high paying medical computer specialist career and his little last four months.
That is absolutely correct sir.
You can be fully trained and ready for a new career in just four short months and fast train offers you a day evening a weekend classes job placement assistance financially to people qualify as well.
And with six convenient Florida locations make no mistake about it for him here at Sound Florida.
There is bound to be one close by where you live.
So call him today toll free one 866 fast train.
Do yourself a favor say goodbye to your dad and job and at horse ball boss years is a real schmuck who don't even take the time to come and say hi Neil.
How you doing?
Nice to see you.
Thanks for that great book and those big numbers again.
You're the best.
You know some phony baloney thing like that even though he doesn't mean it.
Hey Greg you're the anti-Christ make no mistake and by the way get a haircut.
People are laughing their ass off at you.
Check them out in the web first at fast train dot com and make that toll free call and change your life get a life call one 866 fast train.
Slide in local.
Here sports radio 560s you a you a m.
David's a bitch.
Get with it Eric.
Take your fat date with sniffing glue.
He do the rest of the limba bouncing off the walls and we have to.
He do the rest of the limba.
He do the rest of the rest of the limba.
He do the rest of the limba.
Limba.
He do the rest of the limba.
He do the rest of the limba.
Unknown from God hateful and rotten.
He do the rest of the limba.
Snorting and popping in eagle like the garden.
He do the rest of the limba.
Limba.
He do the rest of the limba.
Limba.
He do the rest of the limba.
Little girl candy.
I had an epiphany my friends.
An epiphany.
Fish done.
He made me a fool.
He did the rest of the law.
Under the rug is where the stories go in.
He do the rest of the limba.
Damage controls so they can fit in holding.
He do the rest of the limba.
Absolutely.
He do the rest of the limba.
Limba.
He do the rest of the limba.
Number 32.
Let me say it again.
There's no S in Venice, Wailens, except at the end of course.
It's a Z. Eric, it's a Z.
Did he change it yet?
I mean, talk about embarrassing.
I didn't change it yet.
Why no, he's busy.
247 votes.
And there's only two for Venezuela, maybe because they don't know what that is.
What an S.
God, are you illiterate or what, Eric?
Here's the facts from Yvonne and the Grove who says, regarding your poll,
what about Germans?
Now you're talking Yvonne, yeah.
Woo!
What about what's his name?
Guy Gross, his guy Gross?
No, he's your mate from a band on a naman.
Mm-mm-mm.
She says, I'm a hot girl from Honduras that married a German man.
We'll travel to Germany every year.
Good looking people, don't you think?
Absolutely.
Sweetheart.
Absolutely.
You may see even more Greece with it.
Germans are in a course, well, people would say, wow, you know,
but there's a lot of Nazis with it here, but there's some good looking Nazis.
Absolutely.
We're not talking about their politics.
We're talking about what they look like and what they're like in a sack and what, you know.
The whole deal.
A lot of really, especially in Cologne, Germany, sweetheart.
Go to Cologne, Yvonne.
Believe you, me.
Mm-mm.
You will be swooning.
Especially in the summertime when everybody's walking around like almost naked there.
What is that all about?
56670560.
Absolutely.
On the AT&T.
I'm just going to play that till two o'clock.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And wireless line.
Here's a call from Miami.
When is this?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I listen to you all the time on my commute from Chocolat, the island of Miami.
Well, thank goodness.
And I wanted to thank you for having kind words for radio engineers.
Okay.
A lot of them have great career ahead of them in television for a lot more money.
So you've got to be nice to the ones that stick with radio.
The ones that are good, yeah.
Yeah.
We got one good one here, man.
We got some real losers, but we got one great one here.
Well, good for you and consider yourself lucky.
Okay, and we do.
Thank you, pal.
I'll have a great trip.
You too.
See you.
Okay, there's a radio engineer.
Sometimes it's just amazing to me.
The things that I read, the things that really count that I think I'm going to go response to.
And there's, you know, nothing.
And then something like that.
But that was nice.
You know, he, uh, that's a good point.
Every job category, there's a few good people.
And of course, there's some real assholes.
It's like doctors, you know, anybody found a good doctor lately?
Although I do want to thank my good close personal friend, Dr. Bush, for calling me early this morning.
Maybe it was the trepidation of going over to the Cleveland Clinic again.
Oh, you wouldn't do that, would you?
You know, while I was desperate, you know, maybe it was the fear of going back there again and letting them butcher me up again.
That I, maybe psychologically in my sleep, my body healed itself at irritable bowel.
I just shoved in a towel and healed it all up.
Wow.
And then sealed it with a trowel.
Now, thanks a lot, Doc.
I think I got peace of mind.
I got, I'm telling you, I don't know what it was like magic.
Ever have that?
Something just annoy and aggravate and tear your guts out for days and weeks.
And then all of a sudden you wake up on day and like, like magic.
It's all gone.
I think.
Billionaire Soros takes on Bush.
This is from Newsweek.
You got it?
Laura Blumfeld in a Washington Post writes?
Well, actually, it's not from Newsweek, it's from MSNBC, which shares their website with Newsweek.
George Soros, one of the world's richest men, is given away nearly $5 billion to promote democracy in the former Soviet block African Asia.
Now, he has a new project, defeating President Bush.
It is the central focus of my life, Soros.
The first set is Blue Eyes settled on an unseen target.
The 2004 presidential race he said in an interview is a matter of life and death.
Absolutely correct.
Soros, who has financed efforts to promote open societies in more than 50 countries around the world, is bringing the fight home, he said.
On Monday, he and a partner committed up to $5 million to move on.org, a liberal activist group bringing to $15.5 million,
the total of his personal contributions to Outst Bush.
Nice going, George, baby.
Overnight, Soros 74 has become the major financial player of the left.
He's elicited cries of foul play from the right, and with a tight nod, he pledged, if necessary, I would give more money.
America under Bush is a danger to the world, Soros said, then he smiled, and I'm willing to put my money where my mouth is.
Soros believes they supremacist ideology guides this White House.
He hears echoes of its rhetoric in his childhood and occupied Hungary.
When I hear Bush say, you're either with us or against us, it reminds me of the Germans.
It conjures up memories as said of the Nazi slogans on the walls.
They're fine to admit the enemy is listening.
My experiences under Nazi and Soviet rule have sensitized me, he said, in a soft Hungarian accent.
Soros' contributions are filling a gap in Democratic Party finances that opened after they restrictions in the 2002 McCain-Fimgul law took effect.
In the past political parties paid a large share of television and get out the vote cost with unregulated soft money contributions from corporations unions and rich individuals.
The parties are now barred from accepting such money, but non-party groups in both camps are stepping in, accepting soft money and taking over voter mobilization.
It's incredibly ironic that George Soros is trying to create a more open society by using an unregulated under-the-radar screen shadowy soft money group to do it.
Republican National Committee spokeswoman Christine Iverson said, George Soros has purchased the Democratic Party, she said.
In past cycle, election cycle, Soros contributed relatively modest sums.
In 2008, it said he gave 122 grand mostly the Democratic causes and candidates.
But recently, Soros is grown alarmed at the influence of neo-conservatives, who we call a bunch of extremist guided by a crude form of social Darwinism.
Well said.
Neo-conservatives Soros said are exploiting the terrorist attacks of 9-11 to promote a pre-existing agenda of preemptive war and world dominion.
Bush feels that on 9-11 he was anointed by God, Soros said, he's leading the U.S. in the world through a vicious circle of escalating violence.
Soros said he'd been waking at 3am, has thought shaking him like an alarm clock.
Sitting in his robe, he wrote his ideas down, longhand on a stack of pads.
In January, public affairs will publish them as a book, the bubble of Americans of supremacy and excerpt appears in December's Atlantic monthly.
In the book, he argues for a collective approach to security, increased foreign aid and preventive action.
It would be too immodest for a private person to set himself up against the president, he said, but it is in fact the Soros doctrine.
His campaign began last summer with a help of Mort Halper, a liberal think tank veteran.
Soros invited Democratic strategists to his house in Southampton, Long Island, including Clinton, Chief of Staff, John Podesta, Jeremy Rosner, Robert Burstein, and Carl Pope.
They discussed the coming election, standing on their back deck.
The evening sun angling into their eye, Soros took a side-stove Rosenthal, CEO of the Liberal activist group America coming together, and Ellen Malcolm is president.
They were proposing to mobilize voters in 17 battleground states.
Soros told them he would give act $10 million.
As to about his moment in the Sun Rosenthal deadpan, we were disappointed, we thought a guy like George Soros could do more than he laughed, no kidding, it was thrilling.
Malcolm was like getting his good housekeeping seal of approval, they were ready to kiss me, Soros quipped.
Before cocking the next morning, his friend Peter Lewis, chairman of the Progressive Corporation, had pledged $10 million to act, Rob Lazier, founder of CEO and CEO of Real Networks, promised $2 million, Rob McKay, president McKay Family Foundation, gave $1 million, and benefactors Lewis and Dorothy Common, a half a million.
Soros also promised up to $3 million to protest his new think tank, the Center for American Progress.
Soros will continue to recruit wealthy donors for his campaign, having put a lot of money into the war of ideas around the world, he's learned that money buys talent you can advocate more effectively.
At his home in Westchester, New York, he raised 115 grand for Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean, he also supports Democratic presidential contenders John Kerry, Wesley Clark, and Dick Hebhart.
In an effort to limit Soros influence, the RNC said letter to Dean Monday asking him to request the act, and similar organizations follow the McCain-Fine Gold restrictions, limiting individual contributions to two grand.
The RNC is not the only group worked by Soros, Fred Worthheimer, president of democracy, 21, which promotes changes in campaign finances benefited from Soros' grants over the years, Soros' backed altering campaign finance, and they'd said donating close to $18 million over the past seven years.
There's some irony giving the supporting role he played in helping to end the soft money program, Worthheimer said, I'm sorry that Mr. Soros is excited to put so much money into a political effort to defeat a candidate, we'll be watching him closely.
And AIDS said Soros welcomes the scrutiny, Soros has become as rich as he has the AIDS said because he has a prenatural instinct for a good deal.
Asked whether he would trade a $7 million fortune to one seat, Bush Soros opened his mouth and he closed it, the proposal hung in the air, would he become poor to beat Bush, he said, if someone guaranteed it.
How do you like that? If someone guaranteed it, he'll give us the $7 million, guess what George, we'll take it.
And then we'll just go and fix the damn machines.
We'll talk to our friends at Die Bull, the fix will be in, and that'll be it.
20 till a noon at 560 WQM, look at that, Brazilians and Colombians, they're Latinos man.
Mm-mm, if they got it, that soft, supple skin, big ass, big gigantic bazumbas, and the women too.
Sexually who are the hottest people in the world, Brazilians got 68, almost 69, Colombians 50, Americans 47, Italians 54, Argentinians 21, Irish 15, Russians 14, French 6, South-Satian, Arabians 5, and Venezuela, which we got spelled right.
Okay, nice going Eric, get back to work. 5 out of 266 votes. 5 elective in a thweylands.
19 till noon at 560 WQM, all of the diners now, in fact there was a piece on CNN I mentioned this yesterday, everybody in their brother now is on a low carb diet.
Because they realize that all of the suggestions from the so-called nutritionist in America, the food pyramid, it's all a bunch of crap, that's why everybody's fat.
Carbs killed baby make no mistake about it, if you want to go on a low carb diet, whether it's Atkins or Skatkins or Sugar Busters, whichever one it was, the lights of Westboke is a story of fall in love with because it's entirely absolutely, absolutely absolutely devoted to you folks.
Over a thousand low carb products in stock, they got bagels and sauces and breads and cheesecakes, and lots and lots of new products like, lot tortilla, great for making low carb wraps, original garlic or green onion, slim carb fudgeies for all you fudge packers out there, fudge brownies or chocolate raspberry cookies,
carb slim bites make a great snack, no laxative effect, thank god, oh, chocolate, caramel or peanut butter, La Nuba jams in seven gourmet flavors that you can jam on it, simply low carb bread with stevia, uniquely delicious taste, and champion like drinks they're back in five delicious flavors and lots more to, like I said over a thousand low carb products, so you can have something with some taste and variety, which will help you stay on that state narrow path and lose that ugly disgusting unhealthy fat.
The lights of Westboke lets you try any product from the store before you buy it, all the Atkins brands product are on sale today, next sookas for weeks from a paysock and every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10 they're open, and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market, which still amazingly still around call tool free 1 877 low carb LOW, C-A-R-B or find them on the web at locarb.com. The lights of Westboke are for all you low carb diners and sugar free diners, it's a miracle, it's your official Atkins retail center.
My life and locals, this is Fort Real 560.
Let's go, let's go, let's go survive, let's go survive, let's go survive, let's go survive, come on, let's go survive, are you sure?
We'll be with Eva Cal and the new bohemian, smokey 555, come on, let's go black crow's and jimmy grind smokey 555, this is the end of the day, we'll be champions by 555, let's go, let's go survive, let's go survive, oh, let's go survive, oh, let's go survive, oh, let's go survive, come on, let's go survive, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let
's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
I
There's both these words here, but I forgot because I spoke too much
But I was allowed to lose and everybody out there was smoking by
All right
Oh
Oh speaking of hallucinogenic there's our a-wall president on veterans day
They died in distant lands to fight terror. Yeah, and not the ones you're sending their dying for nothing
They're dying for your freaking war you idiot you grave robber you you lunatic five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line and America sits back
Just like that
Women claim condom found in clam chowder
For women suit. I wonder if it was like man hadn't or in the w England
Because it well
There's some great lines there, but I need the job for women suit and Irvine restaurant after one of them
Says you found a condom in her clam chowder when they died there last year
This is in California
And I'm sure that the restaurant apologize, but it probably won't help because they're suing her ass
Layla Sultans said she was eating at McCormick's and schmix
Oh, what kind of a name is that
SCH m-i-c-k
McCormick and schmix seafood restaurant
February 26, 2002 when she bit into something rubbery
Maybe in just a clam
We said of course you're chewing on a clam said Paula wild whatever dying in companions see when she spit it out
When it doubt
Paula opened wide and just spit it out
She said she discovered it was unwrapped ruled up condom well. Thank God unwrapped
She said she spent the next 15 minutes in a restroom vomiting
And since seen a psychiatrist and taking medication for depression anxiety it was an unwrapped ruled up condom
Unwrapped well, what's the big deal with that? Yeah, oh sounds
Sounds bogus to me sweetheart
Don't let me be the judge in that case when it out throw that bitch out. Oh, yeah
She's taken medication for depression and anxiety because it was an unwrapped ruled up condom in the package in the package
Yeah
Jesus Christ honey
Sultan wild sendy ham and an anamaria segala who were all having the chowder that they filed suit
They all filed suit. I guess because they figured it wasn't the same pot
Claiming negligence and intentional and flixing of emotional distress their cases scheduled for trial January 12
Zined America baby. This is what your judges are spending wasting their time on cases like this crap
A lawyer for the restaurants in McCormick and Schmicks has no idea how the condom got into the soup
Maybe the maybe the chef was going to a party or something
It's as big a mystery to us as it is to anybody else and attorney Patrick Stark
We're gonna argue there's absolutely no evidence absolutely no evidence
See in mind. It's like right there absolutely right
To suggest the restaurant was the source of the condom rainy employer the restaurant
McCormick and Schmicks a privately owned chain that owns 42 upscale restaurants in 19 states. I never heard of it
It's up by me. Oh is it fresh seafood McCormick and Schmick yes kind of a Schmitty name is that exactly
sued the company that supported its claims a judge ruled in favor of the supplier last September
Sultan who lives in stanton
Said she had visited the restaurant before never had a problem no other no more condoms
On this occasion she said she and her companions ordered drinks
appetizers and soup but sent the soup back as it was lukewarm when she got it back is when she found the condom now
We're starting to see the trigger in a wood park absolutely. Yeah, there were two happy that she sent it back
Absolutely here you go bitch. See what you can do with this sweetheart. Absolutely. Yeah
So in other words, it was lukewarm that'll teach you okay quit bitching so much quit complaining so much sweet hearts so a salt hand
whatever your name is
God 5670560
pound 560 on the 18 and teen Verizon line
78 people say the Brazilians are sexually the hottest people in the world. They're smoking. They're smoldering
You can't even touch it out of 286
Columbians 52 we have to spell it right now nice going Eric. I know you're very busy
Americans 49
Italians 35. Hey, yeah, like a this our gentinians 21 our Irish us the pasty Irish have 16
Russians 15 French have gotten young
Pines waylands six in the Saudi Arabians five how many people in this audience you really believe ever had sex with a Saudi Arabian
German yeah, likely story and the Saudis are the hottest people in the world
Probably hanging in the desert so goddamn much and probably getting pretty hot there right now
I would think huh royal family
At a Saudi royal family they've been eating and abetting and educating and funding and all guess what like I said the serpent bit him in the ass too bad
Here's higher Leah. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I remember while I was back in high school
There was an exchange to him from
France and it was a girl and well that's good and it was weird because she we have
Her underarms she went safe. Mm-hmm. It was like really
astic
It was pretty though, but you know it's like but he's stunk right yeah, so I don't know it's true the story is that
It is it is absolutely true there a lot of Europeans that number one don't shave out of the arms number two
Don't use the other one number three. Haven't seen a bar of soap because they're afraid they're gonna drop it
But that's true Prince Charles don't touch that soap man even with your hand. He's afraid he's gonna drop that and bend right over
All right, you thank you
Prince Charlie, baby. He's the queen of England
What's wrong with that they want him to wear a crown so instead of being king you can be queen
They're used to have it a queen long time now that Elizabeth bitch
That nasty silly old bitch. What are all family stuff just again the whole world is looking there
It's like Florida is to the west. That's how the Britons are to Europe
That's why they got the North Sea in between the like cut them on oh my god everybody's pointed them
Oh, they're gonna silly brits again the royal family then Prissy Cicci asshole wow
Prince Charlie's a fruitcake
He was by and married to die and he said with a sigh
And opened his fly. Uh-oh, and that's beside the point. It's easy. He's a fag. That's all Prince Charlie's a fag anybody knows that
Just take a look at him one of those big ears. Can you imagine where he's sticking that head? God
5 6 7 0 5 60 maybe the butler done it town 5 60 on the 18 t
And for rising and of course we all know that uh people think I'm making enough spotted dick is a British delicacy
I think it's a dessert spotted dick
On the street corner and said hey come on in
Here's South Miami. Hello. Oh listen to that line. Do you like that sounds like mine. Okay. Now I'm sure
No, it's still working. That was on their phone
Not just wait a minute. Oh, please don't tell me
If line seven is broken out after fixed it fixed line one that's gonna be really depressing to me. Let's see
Yeah, one oh wait another with somebody on there hello
Hello hello, yes sir your phone is awful
Oh
I'm an old time old
Yeah, okay, well listen your phone sucks hang it up right away. Please you're killing me
Now see he wouldn't hang up. That's why that tone was still on there. I thought the line was screwed up
So we don't want to talk to anybody over the age of 100. I hope you live to be 200 best of health. I'd like to you but go away
Is it old times Chicago? See those are the hockey fans in South for it's like when Jeff DeForest used to work here old B-Fo D-Fo
I used to talk about any Jackaman and arrangers from 100 years ago at Brad Park and the gunpoursly
I mean that's all well and good but nobody here has any and nobody even knows who the players are today much less than
Don't even know who Keenan is and then that no they wouldn't know Keenan my Keenan from Keenan when they haven't got any idea who we're talking about that
That's correct. That is absolutely correct Neil. Thank you
That's why we still haven't had one call about the Panthers fire my Keenan
They don't have an opinion on it because they don't know who that light is. They don't have any freaking idea
We loved up Panthers
See that's why this whole Marlant thing that you people oh Neil you're so negative you're full of crap
You know you're full of crap. I've been here too long for you to pull the wool over my ass
I've seen it. I've seen the way to people responding this time when somebody's the teen gets hot
They jump on that bandwagon man. They all of a sudden they find all the money in the world the price no matter
How high they jack that price up they can find a cash no sweat
We're going if it's $500 to park no problem no bitch in no moaning
But all the rest of the time we don't care about that
We don't care about the friggin Marlins baseball is boring. We don't care about the Panthers hockey is boring
You know
They got too many other fish to fry
Like the fish that got fried during Tennessee on Sunday and it was a beautiful thing. Oh, right man
I should have taped that game. I could sit home and just just watch that thing for hours
I'd probably be squeezing it sitting there just watching that thing over and over again
And let me say rush. Let me say this the esteemed McNair he's black, but he ain't so good. It's just the media wants to build him up
What a jackass you are rush what an asshole
And I think since he made the comment about Donna McNeb the Eagles will wonder every game since he said that
Yeah, they have yeah, they want every game since he opened up his big fat mouth and then they inquire out of them with a zoxy cotton
Yeah, and is his hearing problem that was caused by the drugs that he was popping by the thousands
You hypocritical right-wing phony asshole. Yeah
Where were you when Vince Foster died rush what were you doing?
But that's right. He was with the made pop and pills. I forgot
So take that and stick it in your pipe and smoke it and that teaches ABC and ESPN they they you know
They they got exactly what they deserve they got what they deserve when I got Dennis Miller who's an asshole
They got exactly what they should have respected and they got exactly what they expected with this right wing asshole
Trying to make a big racial thing out of something that doesn't exist
You're an idiot Russian everybody with a brain. Hope that you fail
Hope that you and the no-el bush stay in there for the rest of your lives where you can't be dangerous
1156 four minutes till noon at five sixty WQM if you want to replace that really tired nasty old carpeting in your home
Here's a smart way to do it
Laminants are also the people you ought to be talking to they're the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive
Natural wood flooring
Laminants are us is the best place to find lemonade to wood flooring from the top names in the universe
Peridor pergol Wilson art uniform floor quickstep and all of laminants are us flooring is installed by the
Pergol certified installers who we know they're crap inside and out and here's another great reason to be calling laminants
For us their prices are so unbelievably low so absolutely unbeatable that they're probably
For you right now get their fall
Special for just 1495 bucks just 1495 gets you up to
295 square feet of beautiful unbeatable lamina wood flooring on
Believable and lamina terrestrial match any legitimate written home offer for free if any written offer free free and home estimates
Say it again call lamina terrestrial free and one a see I got excited
I'll give you seven from that to for a free and home estimate call lamina terrestrial free at one eight seven seven seven seven
733 36 couldn't be simpler if you tried free carpet disposal
Prefurniture moving a 25-year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy-care
Laminant wood flooring column today toll free and tell that crusty old deal to me to call lamina terrestrial
Cross 1877 777 33 36
My life and love this is for 205 cities
I own my favorite Republican this is mad Dodge and it's time for the excuse me uploading
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour
She don't win
When she played
She plays school
And love she does
About she's
And so in the heart
Well, I get this
Oh
Russian bay
With her own city law
She has no
Surgaix that are all
And oh, it seems
She slept with whole hockey teams
Very
I
Sure you do it we can we all believe that don't we? Right he's doing it
promo three at five sixty WQM now you'll never believe this somebody actually facts me this spotted dick rides again
This was once a very famous pudding, but now it's sadly forgotten except by a certain supermarket that has a problem with its name
Just the thing to serve for Sunday lunch after a freezing cold wintery walk the ultimate comfort pudding
There's no more nothing more comfortable and good spotted dick
First of all mixed the filling ingredients got the it's got the recipe here for these suet pastry and for the filling and
It's got the whole deal
Putting ingredients in a bowl stick in your butt and here's a whole recipe for it serving the pudding in warm bowls
Kind of thick slices with traditional English custard is an absolutely essential accompaniment
And it's a dessert dish
It's one of them awful nasty pasty British things
Which is what I got that pasty complexion beside the fact that it rains every day of the year
But maybe four days a year it doesn't rain in England
So they all look like real pasty and of course when they go to Scotland they put on the kilts and high stockings
And then look like even so little unusual like Prince Charlie any guy that walks around like that with a dress on with him high stockings
Why is it a big surprise that he's a fag?
Prince Charlie Princess Charlie
Spotted dick rides again 5 6 7 0 what I said how about that?
Yeah, that was real. It is for real. Why why would anybody dare to make that up?
See there there was a bus who know how to say real things on here and then there's some people are just well
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 you know I'm talking about
Don't you? Absolutely. Okay film about 2000 election to premiere in Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival
Saturday November 15 sounds like this Saturday to me
Where would be be today if we had a federal investigation of the 2000 election?
Florida fights back resisting the stolen election
tells you how a crime was committed against democracy in the year 2000
And how the politicians from both parties took the path of least resistance
Through all of this you'll see the need to stand up speak up and take action
Well, it's about time. It's coming up this Saturday February 15. Where the hell is that thing?
Not in here. Oh there it is. We need to take some
Right there it is
What really happened in Florida during the 2000 presidential election?
grassroots filmmakers Janine Ross and Bruce Ye Rock who did some of that the good stuff for us
Tell you the whole story not just the one you've seen on TV or any other film about the election
From gorilla protest footage to confrontations with politicians to interviews with investigators
This film tells you the greatest story never told
Go back to the scene of the crime here the evidence and watch the people's resistance
Check out this important new film featuring BBC investigative reporter Greg Polass
former prosecutor Vincent Puyosi and social activist Bob
Coolness. Oh please also featuring Teri McCullough, Carol Roberts and South Florida Congressman Peter Deutch
And a not to be missequence that may determine the Florida center race in 2004
If you don't trust this administration you must see this film if you want your vote to count in 2004
You must see this film if you believe in democracy you must see this film
Florida fights back resisting these stolen elections a fast paced a Reverend 52-minute documentary with an all-original
Electlectic soundtrack. It'll be preceded by a five-minute sure-called the N Ron song a
satirical animation that pokes fun at politics and politicians from Baba to W
Which you've heard on the show because it's Bruce E. Rock the N Ron song
Florida fights back resisting the stolen election and the N Ron song will be shown
130 Saturday afternoon
November 15 this Saturday at the cinema peridizo 503 south east the street in Fort Lauderdale for tickets called 954
760
98 98
954
760
98 98
ought to be pretty damn interesting and the public in this country ought to be pretty damn pissed off had an election stolen right in front of and broad daylight
Right in front of their push let us in let us in all these
all these out of towners
shipped in here to create chaos and disturbance and prevent them from counting the vote and then when it started getting a little bit too close
these supreme's chimed in
And said oh quick accountant. Okay, he might lose cut it out
So you're going to some of you might be are interested in going and seeing that absolutely
sexually we're asking on the O'Rodges dot com today who are the hottest people in the world and the Brazilians are leading the way leading the pack
They're packing it out of 328 votes. They got 90
Columbians 57 boy Brazilians passed everybody like they were standing still. What's the big deal with Brazil?
Huh? No, I think because we got so many Hispanics here and of course they don't they don't really care if it's male or female
They'll do anybody
As long as they think it's a woman
You know what I'm saying as long as it just might be a woman or might have like well
Maybe not any of the real body parts, but something that feels and looks like one
Like even one like what's your name? It's got the
Mariah Carey with the one big breast in the middle of her chest
Brazilians 90 Columbians 57 Americans 52 Italians 44 Argentinians 24 the Irish 19 Russian 60 in the Ruskies
Venezuela 11 French 10 and Saudi Arabians five you notice nobody voted for the Dutch good good thinking
The Dutch people are about as sexy as that ash tree over there in the corner
What ash tree? Well, that's a good idea. Maybe I'll light up a Stogie now that they're all going to Italy
And then devil commit here. Oh genius. You gotta put that out. You gotta put that out
You're gonna give me in trouble. It's gonna be my ass under the bus. Oh Neil. I'll do it, dude
Was mo the only one that could smoke cigars out there? Yeah, if mo, how are David it can smoke big fat ones in here?
So gars and if George can light up a big fat one when nobody's looking
Why the hell can't this old fat light up a nice fat one, huh?
What tells wrong with that what's that all about? Oh, but it's a non-smoking building. Well, they can stuff it absolutely
Yeah, you got a mo most the man
Ha ha ha I didn't say which man. Oh Miguel put it out to me. We got these really neat best of Neil
Coffee mugs and also the moss pads and they're nice. They're really nice to have the same
Same deal as the cover of our CD with me farting on most grave. They're they're a beautiful thing
Absolutely
Comporate money for abandoned pet rescue get with it. I'm still waiting for certain people in the building
I don't want to mention no names to bring in some more checks since this is their big wonder of opportunity while I'm here this week
Here's a call from Weston. Hello. Hey, buddy. How you doing pretty good pal? Smoke him if you got him. Yeah, Greg. Absolutely
You know, I worked for him. I know what it's about. Did you really? Oh, yeah, a load time. I'm gonna go on asshole
Defend that's an understatement. Yeah, so I have a couple of comments and I do have a vote for your poll
Okay, that's not been put in yet today. Yes, sir. How about an Indian
Now is that Indian as in from India or like Indian as a native American?
Well, I would think that you know having your club tickles with a feather wouldn't be subbed
But I'm into the push start. Give me the dots. I see what's that?
What's that? No, I would say dots
She's about five degrees hotter between the legs than your average
African-American as long as that smell don't chase your ass away. You know what I'm saying? Oh, no, this one's this one's really hot
Oh, you know, I want a specific one when that's good. Yeah, well, that's my experience for right now
I'll take that one. Okay. I wanted to also make a comment a couple of weeks ago
You had something going on you were talking about I had something going on all right, but you're not gonna hear about it
Well, I wouldn't discuss that but I'm gonna come on be nothing. Yeah, right
The actress that died from the show Good Morning World, right?
Well, I want to tell you about the show you were talking about that showed with good morning was called Good Morning World
The the voiceover announcer was the late William B Williams and
uh, yeah
Ronnie Sheldon played a schmuck morning DJ and I forgot who the other actor was but
Linda Parrish was a real hottie
Now that answers your question from about three weeks ago. Okay, and there's a hottie in my window who wants to talk to me
Okay, there she is
Grab it man. I'm gonna grab it. Hand it well. Okay. She sounded pretty interesting. She
Worked at the drive-through at our beast. No, he's just got a drive-through with women
That's all they're just driving it up and they want to be they want service with a smile nice
Levin passed noon at five sixty w. Q. I'm speaking of service with a smile. What about balance for life?
This is the way to go now. I'm I don't even want to ask any questions. I know I'm stupid the beast the beast gosh
McCand off of this he's an idiot
We gave you about 40 chances beast though and uh, you're even ever ready. Can't only gets nine lives or something like that
Right so the beast is off but he did lose over 50 pounds while he was staying on balance for life
And if he had to stuck with it instead of being a big fat slob
Spore a little rich brat spoiled by mommy and daddy
He'd probably weigh about 150 right now be healthy and live a long time
But he won't if you're really serious about losing a weight and you're frustrated because some of those other programs
No work for you where you just can't stay on them because they're boring and maybe the food doesn't taste all that great
Here's the answer balance for life people are getting fantastic results. There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries
No calorie counting no carb counting just great results in fact you'll start seeing results within the matter of the first few days on that scale
Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on a glycemic values of carbs
And they put together a program that is amazing they deliver in a little black sack right to your door every morning to your house
To your work wherever you come to deliver it in that black sack all the food you'll need for the whole day
Three gourmet meals two delicious next and layman for size again
This isn't a pre-fab who they've seen in some of the other programs. It's in a box
Everything is fresh delicious made with the best ingredients. There's nothing frozen a lot of the atoms
You just pop into microwave some of me just eat fresh and they are absolutely delicious
plenty of food near to keep you satisfied and full all day long and the balance for life is the only company in the country
Let's you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you run a program
You fill out the menu once a week and that's the only choice you'll have to make
So if you're really sick and tired of being overweight if you're dying over there if you're out of shape
You have no energy if you're diabetic
Which is no fun at all check this out. This might be the answer you've been looking forward to finally get in shape balance for life
You can call them at 954 568 3229 954 568 3229 or visit them on the web at balanceforlife.com
Five and a local this is five sixty three of yours
You in
Big
Rockies
Me money. I know one is
We're asking with job of nations to help with donations
But they just say no way in most situations now push me for everything
Like
When
50 dollars
Need bucks
Don't go
12
17 to 5 60 WQM near Rogers filling in from the George Rodriguez show
Uh, we got the mad dog Jim managed it to the Humber at the shoulders it for no
Humber's in the studio and that's right hopper in the building he'll come in early to say hi one
No, he ain't gonna come to say hi to me. He'll say hey stupid. That's okay Hank
Uh, what was I just oh you're gonna interview Rick Dudley ask him if he put the dud and Dudley
Notice we're getting barrage we cause about the panthers in the firing of my keenon
Which is absolutely unacceptable and Alan Cohen let me say it again
Well, you know about hockey to put in a thimble in the headroom for Bernie Cosars knows left over in there
You know nothing and it's really a shame in a sham the kind of sorry ass display
That you people have been putting on not just you people
But your predecessors as well for many many years that was there one real good solid year in the macaroni when
Pavell was here in Whitney and melon being the head that big year and they were like almost unbeaten at home and nobody still cared
But other than that it's been a debacle. It's been a disaster you people are the master of disaster
You want to get those big bucks and you know, I'm gonna have some asses in the seats put an exciting product out there
Okay, quit hockiness with this youngsters in the organization story already. Will you the youngsters in the organization
Get some good veterans on here get a bill garing get somebody get the you know Bobby Holy get somebody else to other people
I shouldn't have said Bobby Holy call we did score for the Rangers last night
That was pretty good game Edmonton five Rangers four. It was pretty entertaining. Yeah
As Edmonton plays that fast wide open style. Of course the Rangers are defenseless anyway pretty game good game
They were held not like different dear life there at the end but Edmonton beat him five four the Rangers once again spending
$70-80 million on a payroll arcana make the playoffs too bad Glenn say there you're uh
There's a legend in his own mind. He's a rascal house of hockey
He is he's strictly a state of mind
Living in the past distant past stuff. He didn't admit in a hundred years ago
What are you done for his lately Glenn anything? No, no he could step down
He could step down. He's not gonna step down
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon
Wireless line Panthers and the lightning at the macarena. Let's get some hockey talk going here. What do you say? Huh? No?
Let's get some people out of read and I what do you say no lightning exciting? They're young. They're hung. They're exciting
They're good. You might want a tickle-brad Richards fancy, but they'll lose number 19. They're what?
I don't want to hear your predictions. Okay, you're you're the kisser that you're the curse on the Panther organization
Alan Cohen told me that personally said get that bubble head off the air. He's an idiot. He's uh every time he pricks us to when we lose our ass
Here's the call in Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey, I was uh, it was a show
I just caught the tail end of the product. You were talking about for people with diabetes. Yeah
And I didn't get the full name of it
It's called it's called enterix. It's a drink e-e-e-e-e-e-r-e-x
Enterix. Okay, and uh, what was the website?
What was the website? Yeah, he said something about something for life
No balance for life is the diet you're talking about enteruses are the thing
All right, because I'm really interested. Thank you very much. Okay, you're welcome
What do you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 tn for rise of wireless line
Have you spell that?
V E N E S
Here's cross-springs. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I got a question. I need to ask you man. Yeah, you were talking before about the uh about George
Soros or donating all kinds of money to help defeat president gunk. Yes
Where is that article from? I'd like to know from the MSNBC website and I do believe if you give me one moment please
Uh, here's my spotted dick. I'm sorry
Uh, I got it here somewhere in the bottom of my pile. I know I saved it you have piles. I have piles man
You wouldn't believe
All MSNBC
billionaire for Soros takes on Bush Laura Blumenfeld is the author
It was originally in the Washington Post, but MSNBC has got it on here and the date is uh
I don't have the latest today. It's today's website MSNBC. I will go there and I will get the MS from MSN
Get the MS because
I will send it to all my wonderful GOP friends so they know they have something to look forward good excellent
Take care. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and uh Verizon wireless line president gunk takes it up
Which we certainly hope he does right after election day next November bye bye, Georgie. Don't leave with a sour look on your push
Just leave and fast
Oh Iran don't have any nuclear weapons. What's that's what the U.N. says? That's always bad
As soon as the U.N. says some company don't have nuclear weapons we go in there and bomb the crap out of them shock and awe
So now they say Iran we we checked we looked twice this used being naughty and I say it got nothing
And in the meantime behind the scenes there's all those Nazis but I beep but I beep but I'm up and uh
Oh, and where's that fax I just got
About Richard Pearl
He is one of the smuggest most obnoxious Nazi back to that I've ever seen in my life. He he smirks
Here it is
While we read the whole fax it starts out by saying I lived in and worked in Asia for three and a half years
And the last year I lived in Prague but the hottest women live in Thailand. Let's put the ties on there Eric
How's he gonna spell ties?
THI-S
Okay, I better spill it for him
THI-S ties
He says by far and I tasted women from all parts of Asia and Prague the women were stunning but cold and unapproachable
But Thai women are my choice he says and he also says
Did you see Richard Holbrooke putting it to the most dangerous man on earth Richard Pearl this week?
I didn't see that I wish I had it was great. Pearl was trying to hold a neo conservative line
It was going well all that horseman Holbrooke challenged him and he backed right off great. Love the show
Thank you sir whoever you are
He's in them Thai women so to speak
You'd like to tie one on oh, I love this speaking of women
This is from the guardian and the brits
It would take a brave heart to tell a scotsman his guilt looked a bit girly
So I suggestion by EU officials that Scotland's national dress be labeled as a skirt has caused an upper and earthed the border
Is that what I just got through San only moments ago?
I think I just got too talking about the fact that they were a skirt absolutely sure and those high stockings the Celia high stockings
The row centers on a survey from
Form sent out by used statistical agency eurostad which forces kilt makers to list their garments under women's apparel
The gaff was spotted by Peter McGwerdy director of caledonian highland dress manufacturers in Aberneth, England
Who queried that definition was totally could be find up to a thousand pounds if he didn't fill out the form correctly
Yesterday Scotland's first minister jack McConnell stepped into the breach and persuaded EU officials to relax the rules for the highland dress
Oh, it's not a skirt. Maybe now it's a dress. I'll ask for help
This was an nonsense. He said this was an nonsense. I'm reading that right
But I'm delighted we have managed to change the forms Mr. McConnell said the design and production of kilt's is clearly important for Scotland's economy and for its celiac image
Mr. McGwerdy a leading kilt maker said he was astounded the kilt didn't have a category of its own
Allison Ross of the Edinburgh kilt firm McPherson said she had come across a few people uncertain how to wear the kilt
But none who had mistaken it for a skirt
When you have a properly made kilt there is nothing sexier and nothing manlier she said oh yeah
There's nothing like a man in the dress just ask the Pope. He'll tell you
God almighty a silly man in a silly ass outfit and Moe talks about the way that I dress
Oh
And after what I heard about you this morning moe you're a good one to talk absolutely yeah you silly ass clown you
I think I think the dolphin game on Sunday that must never to broken him. He's a broken old man now
I believe it. I think that that was just the last draw because everybody in town knows that he was the kiss of death
That when he brought that jets poison in from New York that when he came down here
He just he transferred that evil spell. He's the Trojan horse onto the whole dolphin organization
567 O560 absolutely pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello
I like to ask him okay good at this asshole
And your finger deep inside your rectum okay and see what you come on go go pick some seeds you old fart
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line go smoking if you got a man
I hope your lung cancer sprouts real fast. Here's West Palm Beach hello. Neil. Yes sir
Yeah, you have to be more specific than that. I have to say either Chinese or Japanese. Oh Chinese Japanese are ugly
And also about hockey it's a shame that they blew out keen in you know
I remember when he was when he was coaching the blues
Do you think since you know since we're gonna have to go into the post-Keynan era the West Depository of hiring of Nolan no chance
You know he's a hell of a coach. He's sir. It's it's a it's a moot point. He's been blackball by the any
Nobody wants to talk about it
But he's not gonna get hired anywhere
Now every in fact in Toronto when at least started out real bad this year right off the bat
Oh, let's fire Pat Quinn and how about Ted Nolan if it's not gonna happen. I know and I really like Nolan star
He's a hell of a coach
Well, I got a better chance of making Owen roll at least any be more in this pay because he's hearing doing a plan one last thing
Yes, I can't say about Asians what what people say about all of them being hung like ants. Yeah, I know for a fact
It's definitely not true. Why do two all right? There's a few exceptions believe me. I'm still checking
Thank you so and have a great day
There you go Chinese baby Chinese nothing like a Chinese baby and what is it being of them
Let's get the Chinese on a Eric. Okay. In fact Eric. Oh, we better put Japanese on there too
Because Eric's got a Japanese wife and he'll be all been out of shape. Sorry Eric forgot about that
So let's put the Chinese and the Japanese
How do we know about the Japanese women
But I do know that Japanese men most of them are extraordinarily ugly. I don't know why that is Chinese men on the other hand
Sometimes are and women Chinese women beautiful
27 past of course the beauty is only skin deep. We're just talking theoretical
You understand we're certainly not talking about any actual sexual encounters
We don't want to like make anybody think that because that would be immoral and that would be bad
That would be kind of like a priest molesting an altar boy and that would be bad
365 votes
sexually who are the hottest people in the world?
Brazilians 100 Brazil baby
Andre's canter is going to be screaming Brazil. He's going to be doing it. I'm telling you
100 Colombians 60 60
Americans 58 the Titans 50 Argentinians its way down the Argentinians 28
Irish 21 Russians 18 the French the frogs about 13
I'm lucky number
Venezuela 11 the Saudis have got six ties. I got one somebody already voted for the ties and Indians. We're talking Indian like
As in India as in the penis isla
Right while we don't want them to think we're talking about American Native American Indians or like the
Cala whatever the one they cut the inuits in Canada
Well, they got a real bad
Who's problem the Indians I am I guess when you live up there where it's 100 below zero even in the summertime you'd be drinking too
28 past noon at 560 WQA M
Let me tell you right now about your carpets if they look bad
Then you know that there's all kinds of schmutz in fact even if they don't look bad
But you haven't had them cleaned it a long time. You know there's crap in there
You know just a normal traffic in the house and maybe you got little kids and you got pets and all kinds of stuff in there
Your carpets need to be cleaned every now and then and why call anybody else
I can't imagine if you have a brain in your head while you trust your expensive carpeting to somebody in the yellow pages
You never heard of before call my good friends and drive concepts for over 20 years in town 24 years to be exact
They've been doing a super job at over 20 years in my house. They've been cleaning our carpets and making them look just like brand new
And like I said yesterday now that my dogs are in doggy heaven
There's not a trace left anywhere in the house last time that came it made my carp my carpets are like 11 years old
I believe 11 12 years and it looked just like brand new and your carpets will smell
Empty fresh they'll be drying a couple of ours. You'll be amazed at just how stupendous they look when the experts at dry concepts get done
Do when they're unbeatable job and don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job
They also do is to pendous the same job on your oriental rugs on your drapery on your poultry all of these things
And they got a hell of a deal waiting for you right now
They can save you 15% of your next carpets cleaning for details. Just call dry concepts toll free
1-800-248-5071 do yourself a big favor if you never call to me for you'll be amazed at the
unbelievable job they do for you call 1-800-248-5071 that's 5071 or check them on the world wicked while web at dryconcepts.com
Eat dog dog eat dog dog eat dog
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They had one of the biggest selling singles of all time with who there it is
But who there what is
Tonight we find out from tag team
Well, I was at the gastro in Surveillance, you know, because of my impacted bowel tag team co-founder
DC the brain supreme and he finally gets me on clock know I'm saying and it's just blast out of me like you know
Who and the doctor goes there it is we couldn't believe our ears
He was talking about popping a squad now a great honest incorporate ever aspects of his life into his music
Even that moment when you finally loosen up the squeeze more and out again. Oh
No, you're
Kidding me tag team swarm of manager jet stools that thing sold five million copies
You have any idea how rich we got off that song and now you're telling me it's about taking a fucking dump
That is beautiful
Now at last on a shame of a steaming pile of his own refuse which inspired the song
Atlanta native DC the brain. That's it all hang out during a recent reunion concert at the Fulton Georgia County Fair
Okay
Tag team they made their money so you might as well know we're going to mention bowel movements one more time
It's a big juicy shopping wet look at show business tonight on inside the behind just like mom says the rate nothing like a good B.M
Man he even probably some B. M. Big beans just in hopes that it might work
Here's the fact just came in it says US what
Iraq's US governor Paul Bremer is left for Washington on short notice
Cancel the meeting that today with visiting Polish Prime Minister Miller the Polish to the what kind of a what kind of a name is that a Polish name
Lizzek Miller
Anyway, the effects who says looks like somebody's getting fired. How do you like that? Maybe Paul Bremer's coming home and they leave it no more
Maybe Dave wants that too. Maybe Dave wants that's gonna go to Iraq. What do you say? Huh? You can't do no worse
Be sure to sell bombed in Florida him and Jimmy Johnson
Oh, that's a great poll. That's a great poll for tomorrow
The worst sports coach in a history of South Florida or maybe just in history anywhere
Pro sports or all sports what why do you have that like?
It's just for fun. Okay. This isn't like rocket science. Okay. You always have to look like
Like all that confuses. It's not that important Scott don't don't have like a pop a roared over it. Okay
Too late. I'll push it back in. Yeah, please shove that baby back in there. Okay plus. I don't want to see it
God
I don't know what do you think it's a good idea. I think plus with them won't have the people
Well, we don't care about sports. We always have them on there because uh too bad. I think that's a great idea
We could do just dolphin head coaches. No, no, no, that's not there haven't been that many dolphin head coaches
Are you crazy? How many have been like about a half a dozen?
Yeah
How many have there been who was the first head coach with Shula the first? Sure. Okay. So since Shula how many we had Jimmy's Johnson
Dave wants that that's three
Name me another dolphin head coach Scott
I'll wait above greasy
I'll wait
Now we understand my
Scott doesn't pick the poll questions. He may pick his nose, but he don't pick the poll
And if you do pick the poll it takes a long time for it to heal
Anyway, I'll work it out. Let me just to make dribble myself a little note here pull worst coach
In the sport. Well, we'll figure it out. Maybe we'll do it like nationwide. Who?
Dave Hagen says George Wilson
George Wilson was the first coach in his son George Wilson Jr. was the quarterback right Dave
Am I right?
Absolutely by the way, thanks for your check. Absolutely correct. So Dave Hagen
How you like that? I forgot that that's 100 years ago at 1966. I do believe
And also there was a guy from channel 10 was the first announcer for the Adolfins before Rick Weaver
What that was Joe Krogan was at it
Before Rick Weaver came along and said those memorable things like a fans beginning to blow the blow the
Boothe waste election on guaranteed it was only one Rick Weaver
Howard David you couldn't lick Rick Weaver's a hairpiece. Okay, plus he didn't have one
And he smelled so bad you wouldn't mind get close enough anyway
You know I'm saying oh you wouldn't mind get close enough. Absolutely. Okay
But he was great Rick Weaver he was he not not a very likeable guy, but what a great voice
So he was Mr. Dolphin, you know like what male Alan was to the Yankees and what
Well, what's his name? Johnny most was to the Celtics
That's what he was
To the dolphins
And we had Bill Zimfer who was yeah, he's pretty good didn't have any personality
But he was good. He was a good foil for a mad dog
And now look what we got absolutely
Brazilians are running away with that pole today, man. Let's say find some what do you say? Let's have a party
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from bokeh hello
Yeah, yes, sir
Women
The Columbia women disguised okay
Where can I get to start a dick
5 6 7 probably the T-room in the Westland at JC pennies a big good place to start
Panamanians, I don't know he's just fooling around, but why don't I put him on there
Sure, I think this guy's got too much spare time you're looking for glory holes no doubt or maybe he's drilling them
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for Ryzen line. He's probably doing the limbo rocket the aty-room doors
Well, they got a look underneath to see who's in there first
Now where's that call line 8 here's a call from somewhere here's line 8 hello
Hey, Leo, how you doing okay? Hey, the greatest tag team in the history of the Miami dolphins Rick Weaver and Hank Goldberg. Yeah, fantastic stuff
Yeah, okay, the only work looking that a Japanese penis. Okay, five six I was gonna say Joseph Gekki's face that would have been bad bad style man
5 6 7 0 5 60 they're out of material again
I may just have to read the rest of the show that's okay with me. We understand when you're out of material when you run dry
We got just about all the countries in the world. How about Danish women Danish women are beautiful. Let's put them on there too
I don't know what's wrong with you people just don't get around too much
The let's see Danish and men beautiful blonde blue on mmm
Danish and what was the other one of guys just say oh Panamanian if you want to put Panamanian
That's okay Rick and if you're not in the mood Danish
See if I mentioned Danish that'll get Eric's attention. He'll probably reach for one right now
Maybe heat it up into microwave a little bit. How bright and I don't like apricots in general, but apricot Danish sounds pretty good
392 votes Panamanians just look at that. He's way ahead of me ain't got none Chinese no Chinese one for Japanese
That was Eric because his wife is watching the proceedings
Indians to as in what's dot what's that on your booty honey?
Ties have got three probably a chanker Saudi Arabian six Venice, Wayland's 11 the French about 13
They're stuck on 13 old Danny boy Dan Marino and Matt Sundine
Hey, Matt stick the biscuit in the basket you idiot. We're gonna send you back to Sweden
Russians 18 the Irish 24 even knows pasty Irish Argentinians 29
Italians 52 now we're talking the Italians baby a man like sofila Ren like anna Maria Spaghetti like
Name some hot looking Italian guy. I can't I can't think of no hot looking Italian guys
What's the Italian guys are pretty hairy when you come right down with
Columbia in 60 American 61 and brazilian 112 by the way ashden what's it in kutcher?
Kutcher kutcher kutchi kutchi who's like supposedly on the outside with demie more because he's jealous of Bruce Willis
Oh, why would anybody be jealous of Bruce Willis?
Ashton Kutcher was a model. I picked up the inquire when I was in the airport coming back on the weekend
He was when he was 16 years old now. I should probably say when he was 18 year
He was 16. I'm gonna tell you. I mean, I have seldom seen anybody look like that. I mean he was
Pretty damn good looking ashton kutcher kutcher and now he's to me like this a little off kind of like you
I mean doesn't look like you thank god, but a little off. You know what I mean? I mean it's the hair now strange
But boy was he some kind of a look and he was a male model so you know what that?
No, wherever since I hear that all my antennae start like popping out right here and when I saw those pictures in the inquire
They were popping out too
my god Aaron. What is that?
Kutcher kutcher
You don't know you just you don't know about demie more than other people
You're into more important things like hockey 18 to one at five 60 w. Come, which is probably the reason he's got an ex-wife
Big news how the potty at GMC's just been voted the number one potty at GMC dealer in date county
In customer satisfaction
Tom Lee menjo prieto want to thank all their loyal customers for their support
They've been doing great deals over there for 35 long excruciating years in this horseball town
Stop by howlet and check out the potty act vibe normally retails for over 20 grand
But you can buy it in hell it right now loaded fully loaded just like some of the people around here
Just like Brian greasy fully loaded for just 16 five plus tax and tag howl
It's your truck headquarters over the 300 to choose from including the Yukon and the Yukon the copy hasn't changed because
Bob Eisenberg hasn't donated down to a band of perrescu
And don't come anywhere near the studio and he's a real major asshole and coming soon the new envoy xu v
At howlet the most unique SUV on the market and don't forget the great needle deals that are waiting for you today next week and every day at howlet potty
Act GMC 134 oh one soft dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days week
If you want more info on our special deals, you know what to do now call it
Neal deal hotline tool free at one trivel eight five three four forty two eleven one trivel eight five three four
forty two eleven don't forget all Neal deals
Sended to credit approval see the folks in hell for all the details howlet potty at GMC unlike the qm
Sales staff they are professional grade
Driving out of Texas
Around the world you haven't heard his name
Tells him all the sports you can love good
They call him Joe
Romance and reality in your twine as 14 beautiful women from across Europe descend on an Italian villa for a whirlwind romance for the
Who may think his worth 80 million dollars
I don't I don't know your signly
When we have the guts actually try to do this again
Hmm we we
I don't I don't
You want to just make out will his true love accept him for who he is or reject him and search of greener pastures
Saddle up for another round romance and surprise with Joe million and two
I like the we we 1248 at 560 wqm tell your friend to for all by the way to stop giving away pants or tickets
Because you see what he's done in South Florida. That's all I care about now. I'm driving into work this morning. I hear oh
Scott how many tickets you back? I have a couple of tickets
He wasn't even talking about giving away tickets. He didn't have any tickets to give away
But because on occasion he's done that and got sucked into giving away free tickets
Oh, and then we're like two or three in a row
And I thought to myself the ass only on for two freaking hours for quite a lot
Why should we waste his valuable time with a bunch of free loading assholes? Oh, Scott
Hey listen now you're doing a hell of a job. I love you show
By the way, you got any tickets for nice game
He means well he wants people learn about hockey. Let me say it again
Don't give away tickets. Okay. I've already been that route
Once upon a time many years ago at iod I bought up a whole bunch of tickets for a Dallas Panther game at the old Miami arena
And I bought him up and I gave the
Donations that people were given for him to a committee. I was the charity for our best of thing. Okay
And low and behold
People people paid money, but for I don't know how the thing worked
But to make a long story short people got to tickets they either scalped them or they didn't show up
There was almost none of the people was like in one section almost none of the people got the tickets
Who actually showed up so they either sold them and made a profit on them or they didn't bother showing up at all
It was a total disaster in a waste of your time. Was that during the cup year?
No, it was the I who knows what year was what everything's gonna make no it was not during the cup year
Who I've been during the cup year they'd been I locked it and they're tearing the building down
No, it was not during the cup year was during like the
teacup year
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
You won't believe this
I don't want to get too hockey intensive, but the first year that they were in the Miami arena
I and they let's see no in the in the arena
Right the gold lights at one end from most of the arena you couldn't see them when the gold was scored
You couldn't see the red light really and I kept I was screaming about it on the ear
There wasn't one other person who complained and I alone and yours truly was responsible
Because the guys from the organization came in before the next season and said oh well, Nia
We'll let you decide we'll let you pick which and they showed me the different models of gold lights
They have and I picked them out the near-riders memorial gold lights
But that shows you how knowledgeable the people in South Florida that 80% of the people sitting in the stands of all
3000 couldn't see the goddamn red light come on with a goal was scored
Well, how'd Andy go to a hockey game? I mean, well, what is that all a boot?
Huh in the public here? What a limit like that
So don't don't delude yourself. It's never ever gonna change here. You're talking about hockey is like talking about playing Pinochle at the North Pole
It's even though they got plenty of time to do it. They don't know from it
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Hey, Neil happy ores this day. Yes, sir
Did you happen to read the New York Times yesterday?
AJ five
Pays a wife
Yeah, they would go for a war veterans that had won a settlement from the government for being tortured by a
Err actor in the first goal. Yeah, we discussed that yesterday, sir
That's that's your government in action. Yes
That's how the veterans get treated well in America not and especially under this present this a wall present
Who's got some freaking nerve to be up there earlier making a speech on veterans day this man who was missing in action
Missing he was a wall in the Marines what kind of a scumbag are you George W. How are you kidding?
I would only too many people but but
Not as many as before because now according to associated press
Amid increasing attacks against us forces in Iraq a growing number of Americans including men and independent voters
Say the war in Iraq was not worth while according to a survey released yesterday
Half of americans 49% say the war was not worth it compared to 48% who say it was
According to a survey conducted this month by the Annenberg Public Policy Center
That's a change from October when 52% of americans said the situation was worth going to war
43% said it was not follow the bouncing ball
5243 said it was worth it in October in November 49
48 say it was not worth it now
Leave a survey conducted in November 1 through 9 appeared when news of us holocaps is being shot down in Iraq
Nationwide attention and those numbers of growing dead continue escalating day after day after day
Shifts in opinion were seen in most demographic groups
But we're strongest among men independence and political moderates and people with incomes of less than
35,000 dollars a year people like scott who don't have three nickels to rub together
How do you like that? So you can fool people for a while
But when the bodies start coming home even if you don't let the public see the coffins
Uh, they uh, they start sniffing it and it don't smell too good
56705 60 and I noticed nobody put Pakistanis on this list and rightfully so
Well, I mean there's some very good-looking Pakistani people. Yeah, I went to rhodo
We have a lot of uh, packies a lot of packers, but um
Some of them are they look pretty good, but you don't want to hang out too close
And just some I'm not saying yeah five six seven oh five sixty
I mean when you go to convenience store and you're wearing like a uh a pin nose clip on you know that's that's not good style, you know
Just go down to the Chinese market down to block
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
What about the orthodox Jews?
Ha
Here's uh Miami. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, this is uh the limo guy. I guess I'm just saying to you
No, this ain't the limo guy. Okay unless you change unless you develop an accent all of a sudden overnight
asshole
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. This is the limo guy. I am
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Oh, that's right. It's the first time Russian there though. He's busy in rehab
Call from poppano. Hello
Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, definitely the Brazilian
And uh the ugly authority canadian, they oh no, they're not
No, they're not what the what I would you know they wouldn't let you cross the border loser
Canadians are ugly. That'll be a cold day in hell
Or some hot people north of the border baby trust me when I tell you maybe cold air this time of the year
But there's some hot people there of all shapes and varieties make no mistake of booted
Puts
Here's a call from gainsville. Let's probably the same chronic we had yesterday better not be hello
No, I'm not a chronic. Did you call yesterday? No sir. Okay good
Uh, I just wanted to say that I was listening yesterday online and you just had me in an absolute stitches really
About the uh the limo problem. Yeah with the uh, oh gee. We just had the limo driver on there a second ago
Not and I just want to say that um it really is the show really doesn't move so much smoother when uh you know
I don't know
He's on vacation. Well, what does that mean? This is you're not in you're not in gainsville. This is a local call. This is a guy that hates George
No, no, no, no, I'm not all the time online look outside your window. What's out there right now? Is there a cow out there?
Because if there's no cows out there you're not in gainsville
I see a couple of cows and a couple of uh, ah you're you're in mimey lakes but Neil what did I ever do to you? Yeah, I know it. What did I tell you?
5 6 7 0 5 60
Well, that's who they all are pound 5 60. That's what they show us for it's for rehab
You know rush is going to rehab with what's the name Bush's daughter? No well
And we got rehab for the losers here on the phone every day. It's fine with me. No problem
I have a whole different altitude now my life has changed and listen when I try to pay me twice each paper
It that should tell you something
It's 1256 at 560 W. Kim see I had to adapt to more philosophical attitudes
So tell your ten-for-a friend for real just cut the crap already, okay?
Clippy and such a hard ass just take them away at the back and just lighten up a little bit
Even though he won't do it
Hey, I'll tell you place y'all to go eating that's vick and herbs in Fort Lauderdale and the reason I know vick and herbs so
Well and so enthusiastically is because they started out in Rochester, New York, baby
Way back way back even before this old fart was born way back in 1934
And the reason vick and herbs is so great is because the burgers and dogs are all served fresh hot and fast with
Vick signature meat sauce poured on it. They jam on it and instead of that prefabricated fast food
Here's a chance to get something really fresh and delicious the carnivores is being brought to you by the same guy's feeding you
Cheeburger or Cheeburger. They use the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper
Gretcheburger on a menu you'll find a big fat one man an incredible quarter pound hot dog
Went to the lips around that piece of sausage and what makes them different like I said is the incredible signature meat sauce
That nobody else in town uses they got a fantastic menu for example breakfasts
They got omelets cooked to order don't you love people who say breakfasts? I love them
Omelets cooked to order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes
So stop i vick and herbs and see what all the talk is about vick and herbs in south Florida
You'll find them right on federal highway south of barren boulevard in the tunnel where a norm can't use to hang out on the east side of the road
And be sure and tell that old neo from Rochester baby sends you by to vick and herbs
Lie and local
We're sports radio five sixty-seeing
UAM
um
I'm judge Roy Moore in the next best thing to watch an ankle to her spank mad drug is the nail rodgers fair and balanced one to two hour
Denied on five during the original cast of all in the family dead and alive in the premiere of you can't do that no more
We're going to keep hunting
We're hunting them down
Anybody going to like that ring them off that's right that's right you tell them Georgie boy give them camel jackies the lick and they decide
What do you think of that dead boy? I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had
Jesus what the hell am I gonna argue?
I'm sorry yeah
Huh Jesus so fat
What do you think of that dead George T. Bush? I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had daddy
Why is the mechanic okay with somebody I think I'll go nuts
Me too. I asked for him. I glad to see you. They have to see me. Why? I haven't had a good argument today
Just gotta ask yourself. Yeah, how what do you think of that George T. Bush? I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had
Why I think I'm gonna take liberal fact that's why
You can't do that no more tonight on whoopert bird ox five not if you know what's good for you a minute after one
It's our big one to two hour. We got the mad dog sitting by he'll be along it too
Humper four to seven including Rob Conrad that should be pretty illuminating
The Rob Conrad hour five to six you got your Panther preview with seven lightning and the panthers seven thirty nine from the Macarena
Anybody gonna be there. It should be pretty good pretty interesting because it's Rick what's his name?
Dudley
Rick Dudley's first game coach in the Panthers after a kick into my keen inside
So today. Oh, it's the same old crap. You know, there was a battle going on right in the beginning over Stevie
Whyce that was pretty obvious when it first brought Dudley in and again another mistake by the Cohen boy
Nice going Alan. You're an idiot
So anyway Rick Dudley behind a bench and of course lightning a hundred they've only lost one game
They got eight wins. They're on fire
Dominican women very beautiful extra sexy says DP
Dominican whatever in name is so you got the Dominican women
You got it Eric Dominican Dominican people Dominican something. I don't think I've ever seen a Dominican except maybe like a nun
And here's somebody in candle who says oh chronic Teddy and can oh
Ah, if I would have seen who this facts was from I would understand what it's all about you know
Wait too bad George isn't here
Because George had to go out and get his
This guy's tongue extricated from George's ass. Back to him Teddy you are so such an ass look
I think he's what was probably naked pictures of George this guy from Kendall Teddy
Botswana or whatever his name is he is got such a fetish for George that it's scary
Well, first of all he starts out with Filipinos. Okay, let's put Filipinos on there Andrew Quinn and I like them
No, I guess he didn't like him. That's why I came here and killed a bunch of people, but anyway Filipinos
and
He says one tradition girl sit naked and they suspended barrel and the girl suspended over a guy and the guy under the bed
gets to spin the barrel to his delight
Edda et cetera and so on but then it says Scott is an ice guy and all but please bring back George without him
Your tote show takes on the flavor of Canada dry
You know Teddy you're such an ass sucker. How do you look yourself in a mirror every day Teddy in Botswana wherever you are?
Jesus Christ every fact he's gotten there. I mean George great. You know, we love George, but got all mighty the guys got to have vacation once in a while for a day or two
Oh the flavor of Canada dry a yeah, I got your Canada dry over here Teddy
Probably kicked his ass out of the Philippines
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and 10 for all of this retirees plan attracted protest the free trade back
We're getting a bunch of old cockers coming down here like we need more of those
When trade ministers from 34 nations convene in my mean November 20th a group of Florida retirees will also be visiting that
26 busloads of them. How do you like that?
Oi and they won't be cheering the proceedings as negotiators discuss they proposed
Free trade area of the Americas packed instead the 60 to 90 year olds would be a thousand strong on the patio of the downtown
Merriot delivering their own message through a variety of speakers and hopes of stopping you stopping the FDA a
I have yet to find an American who asked for this agreement. No one asked Congress forward said Tony Franceda
Presently floated Alliance for retired Americans old cockers association ink
It didn't come from the citrus industry or for manufacturers
It came from multinational companies seeking even cheaper labor markets. Oh, bother. Is that kind of a picnic in Miami then or what?
Wooey next week look out
See I don't understand why any city would allow those meetings to be held like Seattle or whether they allow it in Miami
What why and then everybody has to close down and brace for all the violence and the insanity that's gonna go on
Why would anybody invite them to come and do it in their city
Go to Oklahoma City go to
Boise Idaho go to Kalamazoo go anywhere go to hell
Just get a lot of us out for and we had enough problems here already. Oh Jesus Christ
I mean they have all those haven't even finished sniffing aliens tiny little penis there yet and these people are coming to start
The Stewart-A-Pot all over again
Here's plantation hello
Yo, no, yes sir
Listen these guys that collect money on the street. What's your feeling on them? I think they suck
They're a damn and I talked to one of them just a little while ago
He told me the guy who's running that he owns the building that they all live in right they collect money to pay him rent
Right he owns the printing press that they print those super little newspapers
Right Sean canony baby homeless voice when and doubt kick him out get him off the streets now get him off the streets now
I want the shy what the down him homeless voice people off the streets now
That's the bottom line don't give him a dime and you people like do give them money
You're the ones that are keeping at the scam going
Nothing with a gigantic scam is what it's all about and and they're multiplying like cockroaches everywhere you go
Up by me out there in West Broward
Really oh sure when you then and what they really like to do is congregate like at the exits
And the emphasis to like the interstate like 595
And they're standing just like the a newspaper people like the sun sent people they do the same thing
Because they have a captive audience you know people stopping at the lights and like right up here right up the corner there
They're always there at the county line road in 441
When you go to the uh turnpike the jersey turnpike
Get those people off the streets man
It's got nothing to do with first amendment
It's got to do with a scam is what it is the one of the biggest scams and unfortunately this state can't get nothing done right nothing
Zipity doda
Can't just protect us in our cars and our homes all you know about up there in Tallahassee
Esteele elections. That's pretty much it
And they also got the federal government under backs about their name uh about their child welfare program
You see that that's that's lovely so they can do whatever they want and most of the kids don't have anybody go to bad form
But jab like that because now we won't find all those other little kids whatever happened to that little girl
By the way what the hell was your name?
William Wilson whatever happened her they were finer no
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line Brazilians are kicking some serious
ass on the pull
sexually who are the hottest people in the world Brazilians 125
125 man
Colombian 70 oh brother
American 68 Italian 60 Argentinian 30 Irish 26 Ruskies 20 20 Russians
French 15 Venezuela's 15 but I wonder about the Russians the hockey players the young guys always have zits
Like a perpetually injured Nick Antropov and Alexey Tonikarovsky on the leaves great looking guys, but they have zits
That must be the westernization of the western food they're eating right?
Yeah McDonald's much as zit faces
Uh Russians 20 French 15 Venezuela's 15 we got it spelled right now. How do you like that? Saudi Raven 7 the ties
You got four
I'll tell you some Rod Roddy stories now that he's dead
The Indians uh this thing is it's refreshing and it is mild
Indians have got a pair Chinese two Japanese two Danish two Filipinos one the Panamanians and Dominicans
I like to owe you the spelled right?
Dominicans yeah, I guess he did. They got none yet, but they will
Largery Pupilka Dominicana
And Haiti sure in the same island you think they share the same soap no
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's a couple of old sunrise. Hello
Hey Neil what's going on? How you doing sir? I'm doing fantastic listen. I got a couple things here um
I don't know if you're talking about it yesterday or if it's on the website yet
Check I just got around to it to it today. You're article that you posted with uh I think guys by thing with the mar being uh
Stuff there in the concentration cancer right inquiry can't
Amazing story. I couldn't read it today. I'm not too happy about that. Hey couldn't read a single thing afterwards
I am still in a four hours later that story needs to be on every newspaper in this country
Yes, I can think about it. It's really sad
The big thing about intelligence that always use the back bars maybe isn't that amazing
But we can't figure out who's right who's wrong who's the bad guy who's the good guy whether it's an iraq or whether it's in our own country
Or whether it's right across our own order like Vietnam all over again
We can't even figure out who the bad guys are
So let's just kill a whole bunch of people it's like over the weekend when the American troops are given orders now
Now we're starting to get pissed off over those helicopters that got shut down all the deaths
So now we're just dropping these big gigantic five hundred thousand pound bombs and we're like
Just shooting at anybody we can just to kill a bunch of people to send a message, you know, just like Joey Zaza
We're gonna send them a message
It also
Five minutes an age veterans day and like you said we got an a-wall person that wants to speak and if you speak outing at the American
Go on a wave in American flags and their bumper stickers where they tie their little yellow little ribbons around trees
You know
Those ribbons and they want to be out there protesting man the other demand
They know these kids be brought back here right now they can be brought by the weekend, okay?
Flies don't what troops alive
The slides over there don't give our
Veterans their benefit for radiation point and as they got over there the truth just
Not come out but slowly it's starting to kneel it's seeping man. It's seeping out
Your work meal everybody appreciates it's the truth come out. Oh, yeah, just listen to the calls you can tell they really appreciate
Hey
Give me the phone okay your phone blows good call terrible phone 10 past one you can't have everything at 560 W
Come work out fighting the good fight are we we're battling a baby?
We're doing it. We're gonna change the world right here on the radio
We're gonna put that rush limbo on his plan. No by the way we kicked his ass in last book even before he went into rehab
How do you like that? I wish I wish we had the copy of the book that was sitting here George was in here earlier
And he said he left me a copy of the whole
Summer rating book there, but the only problem is somebody ran off with it like everything else in here
If it's not nailed down because this is a playground in here. It's not a radio studio. It's a freaking playground is what it is
Which is very sad and we keep telling off the same thing and stuff
It's got's crying like a little baby, you know
Then he runs back in the hallway and asked Greg to wipe his ass for him
And then that's it then goes back and sits on his chair and listen to the show the rest of the day
That's it. That's what he does
Not bad
Not bad work if he can get it 11 past one at five sixty WQM hey brandy shoes is celebrating the big anniversary this year
25 years of doing it right an independent family shoe store that started as like a you know
Just a little corner store many years ago and now they've grown gigantic
They've got over 40,000 pairs of shoes in stock and they're 8,000 square foot mega store and people have shop in air because price selection
Service they got them all they got the top brands in the shoe binnest they got rock ports echo is mafisto timelon Clark's
SDS floor shine don't buy shoes from some snively little gangster, okay?
Buy him from a store that you can depend on and as far as sizes are considered they got them all men size six to 15
Women's five to 12 and from the very nearer to the very wide no matter how teeny and petite or big and disgusting your feet may be
They can stick one on there that'll fit an issue too
And of course they give you personal service to make sure that you do walk out of there with a perfect fit every time
Instead of like watering out like that butler in Lakhaja full whatever the hell is name was Jacob brandy shoes
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompo, no beach
They're open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and this week all this week by one pair of shoes at the regular price and brandy's
And get the second pair for half price the settlers on women's rose homer'some and vanilla and men's and women's new balance
Stop by or visit them on a worldwide wicked way of at brandy shoes dot com
If I manipulate I exaggerate, but that's only for money
Happiness
peace
A sense of well-being a sense of self-worth it comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside in
Texas
Dr. Bill
All
That's crazy
Well, what makes you think that you do have the right to judge him for getting a few pounds
If you're giving folks
While he screams and for housewives about eating more
Dr. Bill please just make it down
Your freaking circus clown
You're trying to handle things like your friend or bro
That's crazy Dr. Phil stop
The retired
One sixteen at five sixty w a.m. Happy veterans day to you
I don't know. I mean it's easy to say it, but I don't think most Americans really give a crap about the veterans from the past wars or from the
Accurrent the fiasco that's going on and that's very sad
You know a lot of lip services paid a lot of flag waving like the last caller said and that's it
Thanks are closed
That's about it like that's what most holidays have become you know like well. What's open today?
You know is this a place the post office open is the bank going to be open?
We have an a barbecue or the mosquito is bigger than bowling balls
That's what American holidays are all about now even even religious holidays
Except the course for paysox
Here's an email from move on dot org dot whatever it is. Yeah move on dot org a great organization for those of us to the left of Hitler
It says do you move on member? It's only been three weeks since we lost our ten million dollar grassroots fundraising campaign in that time
Over 70,300 people have pitched into one adds that highlight president bushes failed policies
If all the checks come in we've together we've given a whopping three point six million dollars
That's why this campaign to expose president bushes attracted the attention to some heavy hitters today
George Soros and Peter Lewis to the countries leading philanthropist have announced their strong support of our effort
They've pledged to match every dollar given by those of us in a grassroots with 50 cents of their own in other words
If we raise ten million they'll put up another five million
Politicians pundits and all the press are watching this ever closely to see what happens
President bushes raking in millions in two thousand dollar checks for the first time
We're in a position to show that small donors working in partnership with the big ones can counter balance the influence of rich
Republicans we can do it but we'll have to dig deep and bring in more people
Please help however you can
Remember every dollar you give today will be matched with 50 cents from George Soros and Peter Lewis
You can give online at the links below which i'm not going to read all the links, but we can uh what way do you find this
Move on.org. Well, that's all you have to go to is this will all be on our website right now move on.org
You can contribute by credit card by check
And it says ps for more on a match announcement from George Soros and Peter Lewis check out today's article
Animes and be see the one that i read before and you can find that we're gonna have to put that on our website
That's my bad i missed that somehow
I have to the after the show i mean it may be Eric maybe Eric is listening right now
Do you think you think that Eric has put down his guide damn breakfast and lunch in the dinner burritos
And is 45 pounds of Kentucky fried
Www.mscmsnbc.com slash news slash
You're not gonna have this 991-865.asp
That's where to find the article or just go to the MSNBC website
It's there. It's big. We'll put a link to it on later on don't let me forget. Oh, let me forget
5 6 7 0 5 60 and the PR Ralph
Puerto Rican Ralph says now that you're back in town
Don't forget to Ricky Tickey show daily NBC 6 at 4 p.m. It's a good nap taker. I'll pass El Paso Ralph
Also any news on the Dave Wayne meeting? No, where's Wayne playing the godfather music in the background making him an offering can't refuse
That's a good question Ralph and this of course being the sports station. You think we know something about that, you know
But this being the sports station they don't pay any attention to the show so we don't know if we miss in I want to make them an offer down or not
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got a word on the meeting. No, no, that's supposed to be anything
I said he's not gonna fire us ass. That's all he's not firing him so probably fire us ass
If it was me I'd fire us ass
Oh, I would too because if you saw the lack of effort forget about all these arguments about well the offensive line
And Jason Taylor's got a big mouth, you know
There was no effort that there weren't interested it weren't the least bit motivated interested it was like a joke
It was like almost like Tennessee being out there with with no opposition on the empty field running a scrimmage
5 6 7 0 5 60 and by the way, who's that
Kellum Winslow what are her shut your mouth already. Wait. Are you idiot?
He's not playing sir. There's one thing I cannot stand man is these athletes. I don't care whether they're white or they're black or they're purple
I can't stand athletes with a big mouth, you know
Well, he's a mess in with my bow with my emotions about yeah, just play the goddamn game
Daddy should have talked you better than that. Okay, daddy was a great player and didn't open up a stupid mouth like that
5 see we're gonna look two sports intensive 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon
Make them on offer again wireless line
Here's a call from Margate. Hello, does Howard like nickel? I don't know
Here's a call from Miami Beach. Hello
Okay, yes, they I'm watching the
Yeah, that fun and suffering as she comes out with a piece of Jfk case closed or something like that from sitting there
And I said one there and they screw after 40 years haven't found the killer of their own president
How in the hell are you gonna find bin Laden or Saddam ever right? I mean I
Don't understand this country everything is upside down here
Anyway, where can I find a piece you had on the last week on your birthday?
Working to find one where can I find a piece you had on
You put the tape on from the program out of Canada. Oh, it's on its on a website. It's right right on top there
It's conspiracy theory CBC. It's on your website. Yes, sir. Okay, perfect. I'll get a copy of it
Just click the link to conspiracy theory a CBC. What are you gonna go to Amsterdam again? Uh one of these days
Me too. Okay, Tootsie and C. Okay, do we?
Comissie Dewey five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen TN for rise and world Islam
We got mostly open lines on there's pretty damn pretty depressing pretty sad. I'm pretty sad. How do you do?
There's Al Pacino. There's the godfather godfather, Jr
What where did that come from that's Randy Motos from ticket defense. Hey Randy. How are you?
That must be my birthday present for you're the best you are the best to keep all of us out of jail
Oh arrested Russian businessman is Carlisle group advisor. I meant to read this story early
I'm glad I did right now though because we might have a few people listening
The arrest of two of Russia's top businessman in recent months was more than a distant headline for Washington's well-connected
Private equity firm the Carlisle group. How do you like that? Where have we heard that name before
Carlisle known for the glittering roster of former statesman among its partners and advisors has ties to both Mikhail Katerovsky and
Platon Levative the jailed Russian tycoons
Katerovsky 40 where Russia's richest man and former chief executive of Eukos oil company serves as an advisor to Carlisle's energy group
He's among 15 luminaries who have the firm sort through investment opportunities in energy industry along with former secretary state James Baker the third
former british prime minister John major
And he looks her prize-winning author Daniel Eurgen skip he doesn't realize he's not allowed in here
Because he didn't give a dime to abandon pair rescue
So he's not allowed in the building he can't read somebody read him the sign on the door. He's not allowed in the studio
Katerovsky was arrested last month
I Russian authorities for alleged fraud and tax evasion
Because the billionaire has seen his impossible political rival to present a Putin his arrest is unsettled the country's business community and worried for an investors
Carlisle spokesman Christopher W. Alman declined a comment on the matter sources close to the firm say Carlisle is taking a cautious look at the business climate in Russia
So far Carlisle has no investments in Russia and hasn't followed through on preliminary discussions about starting a boy
Buyout fund with Russian investment company alpha group the sources said
Neither man is playing a significant role for Carlisle sources said
Carlisle does not disclose its compensation to advisors
Meanwhile the firm has lost the services of its most prominent associate former president George H. W. Bush
Bush one who was senior advisor for Carlisle's Asia funds retired last month shortly after serving as the main drug
Adinner in Moscow to move investors to rake in the big bucks
The world is a business mister beel though ever forget it. Okay. The world is a business mister beel keep that in mind when you try to like
Dicec all the minutia
Forget about that
Just keep in mind it all comes down to one thing don't be trusted off you got it
5 6 7 0 5 6 we got 80 million open lines in this board and I'm pretty pissed off about that here's West Palm Beach hello
Hey meal yes sir
Hi I just moved down from Toronto. I waited seven years to get my green card. Yeah
I don't know what's so good about Toronto it's a it used to be a good city
Let me say this if you don't like it don't go back. It's very simple
That's why I'm here. How long have you been here?
You haven't been here long enough to figure it out you don't know what the hell is all about here
Want to be in Scarborough for quite a lot. That's like the senior living in
And Pahuki what does that mean?
I mean he's got six seven hundred thousand people living there you got North York you got it's all the
Everybody's moving out of the city. I mean I'm talking like the moving you know very
Yeah, the population only just went up to over five million in the GTA so everybody must be moving out, eh?
Yeah, but there's no white people left. Yeah, there's no white people left, huh
Why don't you go over the whole place? You know what I'm talking about who took over the whole place
That's Chinese
Well, listen, don't go back there then okay stay here bigoted bastard
5 6 17 he belongs in South Florida because here everybody's a bigot nobody likes anybody else
Oh, there's no white people out I see plenty of white people lots and lots of beautiful white people all the time
You'd be shocked and amazed at all the white people I see a so stay down here
It sounds like you you fit in here like a rubber glove deep inside your ass
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five. See, this is what amazes me I've told you this many times
I'm not selling okay if you don't like Amsterdam if you don't like Toronto if you don't like a cologne, Germany
If you don't like Berlin if you don't like Rome if you don't like Bologna if you don't like any place that ever gone
You don't like Rochester don't go there. It's very simple. I'm not gonna argue with you about it
It's a free country at least it used to be here
At least it used to be
And by the way sir, I hate to write the news to you, but Canada didn't participate in the Iraq attack
That's one more reason to be there and today is the mayoral race in the Toronto and Miami and to Miami and Toronto see
I'm confused I don't know where they'll I
I say David Miller is gonna win now be next mayor of Toronto a great city no question about one
The problem is the greatest city in North America and this little butt plug has been down here five months
He's an expert on South Florida. If I had a million dollars for every asshole like you soon
It's been here a few months and tough. This was paradise and then was gone like a few months later packing their bags
You're running to anywhere they could go. I'd be like I wouldn't be sitting here right now talking to assholes like you
But have a great day, hey
David Miller Polish too
He's Polish
See there's no white people of
27 past
One whatever the hell it is at five sixty WQM the mad dog will be long at two
And he's really whipped up into a frenzy about them dolphins man. He wants to have one stats as fired now
And I just made that okay nobody on the station is gonna say that because they're all like part of the you know
They're all shillin for the organization just like Gildi shillin for the panthers. They fire my keenon
Oh, I know he's too tough on me on pairs
They need somebody who can instruct a Gildi or nothing but a little suckle
That's all you are that's all you'll ever be is a little suckle you're never get jugs McDonald's job because even
He's a hundred years old and blind is a bet. He's still a hell of a better new lever be even though he has no idea what's going on
Gildi forget about it. Nobody wants to hear somebody with a squeaky voice at six o'clock in the morning. What a way to get out of bed
Nobody wants to hear that so get your head out of mose-ass and mosey on out of here you idiot you
27 past one at five sixty WQM. Hey, for real. It's still waiting for that bed fat boy
Get on the stick baby instead of running around a building or waddling around as you do
Spreading rumors about your friend Todd direct get with it and get a mattress for a for real idiot
Dollar mattress is the place to call one eight hundred mattress the mattress industry as you know that is
Know is loaded with phony claims and shell games and it's a nasty thing
They try to rip your ass off, but a dollar mattress no rip offs no phony promises no bait and swish
Just legitimate honest discount prices every day and a brand names you know and love now including stirrings and foster
Hewitt and when you call one eight hundred mattress you pick the day and tie for delivery to any to our window
Every day seven days a week from eight in the a.m. Till ten in the p.m
I've been sleeping on the mattress from these folks for years and anytime the mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out
You just make them one easy call and it's a piece of cake
Honest sales practices fantastic unbeatable service every day low prices
Same day delivery free set up removal how to how can you beat that the answer is you can't so pick up that phone right now
And call get you the best night sleep you've had in years do yourself and you're back a humongous favor
Call one eight hundred mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or check them out online at macrus.com
Checkered pants
See
Saying the boni is boni to return their own
Others
I'll bet you're gonna save that when it comes at your back if they make you board that train
Right wing Nazi Republican
Well, and just ain't enough just have brought
Feelin the airways with hatred the radio was permeated with the likes of dr. Laura Bill Hendry and Michael Reagan
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear
The right wing Nazi Republican mother
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother
For all the table talking idiot to rude and get any summer
That are not too whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
You
Well the democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary movie
I've terry my color who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing
The democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run and you can cover them done
If they run jolly vermouth
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Fingers
Who get indignant if it isn't them that's getting a juicy hummer
Just remember what I said when it comes in your back if they make you board that train
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Fingers
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother
Fingers
For all the table talking idiot to couldn't get any
133 at 560 wqa m randy multash from the ticket defense team just running a huge thing
A gigantic poster from godfather 3 I haven't seen anything that big in a long time since uh since I was in uh Amsterdam
You know that that kind of caught a minute ago and like I said you like what you like and if you like vanilla ice cream more power to you
I'm not here trying to force feed anybody anything
But that guy will fit in here perfect when you start screaming out
We had to call a few weeks ago to say anything all the packies took all of the city up there
You know something people are people
I like being around nice people. I don't care what the hell were there from what there's
Shade of their skin color is if they're nice civilized decent people
If then I run around with a bunch of guns like the wild west
I enjoy living in that kind of an environment
If they're not a bunch of bigots that's why that guy sir
I take back what I said you won't be here just a few months you'll be here forever
Because you're a bigoted asshole you fit in here perfect
Now let's see what does this say let's talk about katlyn favor
Did she really say no
What katlyn favor?
Doesn't ring a bell who now is that?
Does anybody have any idea who that lies here as hell don't I don't know what you're talking about that's the facts
Here's another fact. I think why I understand why you wouldn't say anything publicly supporting them
Stranger against the trade agreement in Miami next week. I'm sure the power is to be
Well, what the hell does that mean? I'm supposed to incite people to go out there and riot what an asshole another asshole
PS may our borrow the QA and van that might make it easier to woman. Oh, I know who this is from this another chronic
Brother, I'll even attempt to raise some cash for ban and pet rescue by selling your merchandise while I'm there
Well great have a good time see this business of civil disobedience to a point of like
Busted up people stores and they're causing millions and millions of dollars of damage and destroying people's livelihoods
Don't get the job done doesn't work doesn't work
So if you think I'm gonna sit here and support a bunch of crazy people you're wrong
And I'll say it again why anybody why any city anywhere in this country would allow would allow that kind of a gathering to take place in their midst
They they must need mental help
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t
They aren't any other chronic facts. You says an honor of veterans day
I'm working today, but it's okay
I feel we should honor the veterans by giving all veterans the day off with paying the rest of it should work
Not a bad idea Arnie
Too many of us don't appreciate what the veterans have done for us in our country
I thank them all and we echo that sentiment Arnie the only problem be in the ones who are now who are gonna be veterans
We hope if they stay alive are fighting a they're fighting a cause that's unjust uncalled for and outrageous
And they're being put in a harm's way by a bunch of lunatic Nazis who don't give a flying crap about them at all
But at any rate
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t in Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
I don't know anybody want to talk about it, but Caitlin Faber is a Kobe Bryant accuser
They have a name and a picture plaster on that lovely. Yeah, but see that that's always the way it is when some athlete when some dumb
Jack rapes somebody who's accused of it. Let's always blame the bitch the bitch did this and she had sex three times
That I before in a day and she done this. Let's always blame the bitch and make her look bad
You know just just like a Robert Blake thing
Yeah, wait a gun. I mean not like putting yourself in a jackpot
When you got all the money into the world you can you can hire whatever woman you want to go right exactly
He's got a hot wife and get any damn hooker that he wants to wear exactly for like pocket chains to everybody else and he's busy
Hitting on some bitch another freaking brain surgeon right hey
As much as you and rightfully so I'll give guilty a hard time. He as bad as he is I'm hockeying anything else
Well, you were away prior to the world series. Yeah, doing like Marlon's baseball talk and this guy
No, I mean you might as well put on mad dog talking soccer for Christchurch or a mask
This guy just cool it
As horrible as he is when I keep but uh
No, at least he's consistent anyway
I just don't like the way that he always I mean so predictable because no matter what no matter who the it is whether it's
Built-tory or Brian Murray or uh
The Terry Murray no matter who the people are he always sucks up to the organization
They're always doing the right thing and the players always have this they're always great
And then as soon as they get rid of somebody like brewery
He always sings the company line. Oh, he was divisive in the room and he was this and which is a pile of bull crap
They just they always made up some bad crap about everybody that they dumped out of here because they didn't want to pay
And you remember the ten million dollars they were gonna say with brewery salary
Uh, they're still not spending it. They got a nineteen million dollar payroll, which is a joke
Yeah, you know, you had one magical season here out of all right, and the rest of it's been crap
Yeah, thanks for taking a call and you'll pay
Have a great day pal thanks
I mean, you know, I don't expect a you know a fan you go whether they win or lose just like the lease
I've been a fan for 40 or five years
But the fact that a matter is put something out there that people can appreciate put it on an honest product out there
Plus the quality the ice of that arena I have never ever seen anything so bad. It's like it's like trying to um
I'm trying to think of a parallel
Like trying to skate on sand on quick sand. Have you ever seen ice so bad when the LA game they played a few nights ago
All you could see is guys falling down all the time. Yeah, everybody was on that
Trip by the blue line if you part my expression everybody's falling out because the quality the ice is just brutal
Now I haven't been there yet this season. I'll go tonight if I'm wrong
I'll be sure to say that tomorrow, but from what I've seen on TV. Uh, it still looks really really bad
You're not wrong at all. Well, that's pathetic. I mean, what is that
When they didn't have a goal. I think you could see the first year
Let's get some people in that organization who know what the hell that they're doing
Instead of some guy who wants to be you know a hobby Alan Cohen and Bernie kosher
Well, you won't see Bernie no more unless he's up there in a box getting mine to dine
Here's the facts from Pete the chronic board up
Belated birthday and thanks for the tickets uh, uh, lead the uh Kings game. Oh, there you go
He says it was like a morgue 100 the upper deck was 10% full of that
Why I saw that TVP you don't have to worry about it. I got the hockey package up there, eh?
I saw a good part of that game and it was embarrassing
And a Kings you notice how hot the Kings have been lately they got eight wins
They're in first place in their division. They're on fire
But in the meantime they look like a bunch of little girls out there was a horrible game
Because they couldn't skate they kept falling down. The ice is bad. It's oh there goes Neil complain
And again, well, I'm just telling you the way it is see this is what kills me about a lot of people in this town
If you tell him the truth if you tell like the way it is instead of saying well
Gee, at least we got somebody honest enough to like tell it like it isn't trying to do something about oh
You do is wine and complain and stuff like that
stuff like that
And stuff like why don't you go back to Canada you do bastard. Oh, what a great idea
20 till two at five sixty uh that guy had called little while ago with his thing about the Chinese okay. I'll tell you one thing
Everybody in Toronto that I encounter they all do one amazing thing. No, not that they all speak English
Wow
I heard they have manners too even though we do have all these Chinese and Pakistanians and Indians a lot of them speak with an accent and
You name it every ethnic group from all over the world
Don't hear too much esponial, but nevertheless everybody who's there speak at English
You don't see any arguments and none of that frog stuff like in Montreal about the you know if you don't speak friends probably who up your ass
not that
They get along generally speaking polite friendly courteous
Civilized civilized there's the word that Michael Moore used to get in boarding for column by
Civilized not about your wild west cowboys like our president want to shoot up everybody
Right, we're gonna hunt him out. We're gonna gather get him out of their hole get the snakes out of their holes
He talks like a freaking cowboy which he is
Like a guy damn Yahoo
So far by the way are we getting the big snakes out of the big holes? No, not getting them nothing too well
Very very sad the fact that there's more than like five percent of the population in this country
The supports this Nazi regime that should tell you all you need to know about them what America's become. It's very tragic
Hey, listen if you're trying to like scrap a few bucks together and make a life for yourself
If right now you're underpaid and overworked if you have a crappy job your boss treats you like garbage
Here's the answer for you get yourself a real high-paying career. Thanks to our friends at fast train
They give you that training you need in just four months not four years, but just four short months
So there's the solution to all your problems pick up that phone and call 1 866 fast train
Be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck who hasn't dared show his face anywhere near the studio
Thank goodness these two days totally to call and don't do it Todd
I don't want to see your ass fast-tracking have you trained in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or a
High-paying medical computer specialist where in his little is four months
Let me say it again is little as four freaking months
You can have a career and a big income to go along with it
So instead of like being on a treadmill when your feet moving real hard not going anywhere
Check out this deal at fast train
They're off your day evening a weekend classes job placement assistants and even financial aid to people who qualify
Six convenient Florida locations including four in South Florida
So call them today check them on the web first at fast train.com look over the info and call and find out if this can change your life
Because it just might be what you're looking for call fast train tool free at one 866 fast train
My friend
I believe it's time this country has a foreign
Christian leadership
Or that I hear chicks and money orders friends. I can assure you. I know what's best for you
Good little Christian
Trying to run
With dead ball that they're about the Friday night
Good little Christians
You ain't their hate around and power grabbing for a new third right
Good little Christians
Rain washing all their kids
Grow up believing fairy tales are true
Why do you have to pay?
Leave the world
They always told you to
It is
These checks from you
God's their marketing
Good little Christian
Forgiven instantly
That's why they never have to tell that true
Good little Christians
Now he do step for why they like to swap and swing and keep on
Tell
Good little Christians protecting us from ourselves
From rings of fire in the depths of hell
By my hands for all of them
No the way
Tick-pick
And it's just me trying to down the frivolous
Have a ignorance
13 till 2 at 5 60 W here in the mad dog the angry puppy hostile howl into two
Gigantic got far the three posted at Randy Moltage from the ticket defense team brought in is my birthday gift
Thank you Randy
It's a beautiful thing
The thing you blow that brains will all be a nice time relief suit
Exactly
Anyway, here's the facts from bro and we also Eric is the best I keep trying to tell you that even though he's very busy and too busy to listen
Millionaire surro is takes on both there's the article that I read that I referred to before it's the lead story on our website of our bedtime stories
Nice going Eric you demand sometimes most of the time lately
Anyway, here's a facts from Bruce engine in Bruce, yeah rock says thanks for reading our press release on the air you're welcome
We'd and here's a disturbing to me. We dropped off two DVDs of the film for you in Georgia few months ago
Since we don't know if you ever got them. No, I didn't
We'd be having to get you two more. Please. I'd love to see it
You can fax this back or call us or email us at okay and let us know
Just in case you're not listening. I will email your back and say no
We didn't get it and please get it here before the weekend. I'd love to see it
Before I get out of here again
Here's another facts from Michelle. Thank you Michelle. It says happy related birthday. It's good to have you back in town briefly
Last week there was supposed to be a van hippie between Sheridan flamingo, but it was canceled because it was pouring rain
Will a van hippie rescheduled to hit that location you betcha? I don't know when but you betcha where we're gonna be on Thursday
Do we know?
It's probably on I can't look at it again. I don't have time
I love the MoMo teeth, but will any of the merchandise come in the previous years pictures?
I'd love to have a coffee mug with a caricature of you on a cloud to go along with my t-shirt
Well that's a good idea. We'll uh, when in doubt. We'll check it out
As a side note, Michelle says the other day we're talking about your mom's obsession about bowel movements
You are so lucky that you're not a female because it's a common thing for women to have a whole discussion about menstrual cycles
It's happened to me several times in restrooms elevators and just about anywhere that a group of women who don't know each other
We'll start discussing how they had it right now and they're bleeding a river
I never participated in that. I hated I'd rather talk about bowel movements and then she says have a good one
Ha ha ha ha I'm not sure what she means when she says have a good one oh I did Michelle believe me last night
20 30 40 good ones wow
Don't get so about it, but I did
I think that's what did it. I think I got uh, man. I have been so filled up with gas. I mean
Gas up the old ass
I'm serious for two or three last two or three days. Maybe it was the beginning of getting all this out of my system
Because I have I had enough gas to run my corvette for a year that I've released from my body in the last three days
It's a good idea. You don't eat here especially when you're lying there embedded night
You know all alone and you I don't want to get too graphic
But you reach over and you pull because you want no seriously you want to be sure that it's only gas
You know you're something that I want to make a mess of bed and you pull one chicocyle a little bit and then you like
There you go
Now you know what I'm talking about you've done that everybody's done it nobody else talks about that's me
Sure you pull a chicocyle you sneak a good one
Or a hundred good ones man. I was just loaded with gas
loaded with gas
Maybe I'm getting ready for the shortage. I don't know but I wake up this morning. It is all gone
All got thanks anyway to the rimmers my close personal friends even though George hates them like poison
They've been very nice to me simply and I'm not going to no dinners. Okay
Too late for that anyway
Here's a Steve from Davies says thank you God a radio being a fan of long time love you man
I'd like to add Puerto Ricans to the pool. Yeah, let's get Puerto Ricans on air
That's my last request to you Eric because you've done a fabulous job today under difficult circumstances
It says my girl is beautiful. She's Puerto Rican. I love her to death. What an ass on her
Atta boy Steve he says JLo is hot in my eyes. She's Puerto Rican
Well
There must be a lot of people in Southfoot who agree with me
Well, let's put Puerto Ricans on air because the South Americans do like a big big fat lovely
ass
No Cubans like the big ass too believe me all they Julio's that's a that's a Julio thing
They like a big ass. I'm not too sure about Peruvians or whatever, but most Latinos they like big ass
5 6 7 0 5 16 fact maybe even fat boy can hook up with some of these people
Because when it comes to fat ass
Here's Miami. Hello
No, yeah, sister fludge called it with one another when there is breaking news stories. Yeah
Ruby pictures of Jessica Lynch. Yeah, so called Matt Rugg the more unpowerful is he now the most significant
And profound journalist of of the modern era. Are you sure? Journalist? Yeah, oh my god
I got with a cut and paste website. Oh brother
That's that's the modern journalism
Yeah, you know something if I was on the year in 50 states and we had the Richard Mellon scape money behind me
We'd be getting 80 billion that hits it in our website our website puts his to shame any day the week
You're right all this cut and paste. What about 80 million links?
There's done a creative front on there. No later. You see how do you like that? Phil Henry wants again doing that thing
Yeah, but wait. Yeah, but wait a second brother
Very sad. So I don't take back whatever said you know if there used to be great news like have his head on straight
Now he's sold out to the right wing. You know, you do what you got to do you go step in line
It's 152 at 560 QAM
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded
People killed with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled
To get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The nooks there to see that the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head
That Iraq has sunk
Weapons of mass destruction
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after sent down to plain kato summer. There's no longer mention of
The name in laudate but no one seemed concerned all
Come fee and complacence believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our head
Weapons of mass destruction
The
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying
I have nothing to hide
Tables, hawkers, all are saying
No media
Donald don't have any reservation
South of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all
Timber crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our brain wash pants
Iraq has sunk
Weapons of mass destruction
Only I'd rack has sunk
Weapons of mass destruction
Okay, like I said Eric we need Puerto Ricans on there. Do you think maybe you didn't hear me say that because maybe seven dinner
Well, see if you haven't dinner real early then you can have a couple more meals later on
Anyway, we ask today sexually who are the hottest people on the face of the globe, baby
We got weekends on here. Puerto Ricans get those weekends on there. Please Eric you idiot. See I just want to bitch a month
They don't get to it
Brazilians 147 Colombians 80 Americans 60
Where's that 80 80 80 80 80
Tynon 70 Argentinians 33 Irish 28 Venice, waitlands 21 Russians 21 French 17 ties 13
Danish you let him like a Danish
Especially a prune Danish is good if you can't go Saudi Ravens 9 Chinese 4 Indians 3 Dominican 3 Japanese 2 Filipinos 1
Panamanians learn and Puerto Ricans are coming soon. Can you hear it? Squirt Squirt
Anyway, we got the mad dog mad dog coming up next to a Humper at for this afternoon
Neal needs me is there a laugh track we can roll in here
