And to get it on!
Did I mention Tom's records are made for Ansel?
No!
Puts!
Schmuck!
Fingerpointer!
Skate joder!
Schmuck!
Do you like it?
No.
I just slide around his hand.
I find him repulsed nauseant.
And permanently unacceptable.
Is it great to be back at self-auto to meet and greet with all our sales?
All in that great?
No.
I'm not cheese, but I just couldn't hold it in.
Every time that I eat my fill,
Smells like I'm driving up to the fill.
Everybody is ill, and I've got time to kill.
Down and stinking, and fart's with everybody's ill.
And I've got time to kill.
Down and stinking, and fart's with everybody's ill.
Is that name we're like Mark or Reedability?
That's him, he's a buffet boy.
He gives me the willy.
Sam started out on a real negative note.
I was in a great mood when I got here this morning, but then the salespeople.
I'll start in Marching in one by one, even like Tuesdays by Tuesdays, side by each.
And well, when I sell salespeople, make sure those salespeople get taken care of by the end of the day, Duff.
That's your assignment.
Call Luca Brozzi and make sure that the entire way, except for Adam, and Skippy, he can't help himself.
But other than that, get rid of all of them.
Look at the smile on his face, boy, he would sure like to, isn't he?
I don't want to out-todd, direct for being a finger-point.
I can't stand people that find scapegoats, okay?
And then PD Lenny, see, I don't want to out anybody, but I will.
Today's the day that we're ripping their ass.
Yes, that they're all in here picking on my good friend Moe in there, ripping his ratings.
So he had a bad book, okay? He's not going anywhere.
Moe and Gildi are good close-personal friends. Are they going anywhere?
No.
And then in December, we had that ethnic adjustment by arbitration, so it looked like December we had a really bad month.
When in truth, we didn't have a bad month at all.
We would have had gigantic numbers, not that the audience cares, but we did okay anyway on the show.
They were kind of weak, but no, seriously, this business of like stabbing and stabbing and stabbing, that's where it all begins and ends with the sales department.
And those of us here on the air, the airtown that we got to stick together, right?
No. Well, some of us.
PD Lenny, who says that if you just get some decent numbers during the summer, he maybe could sell the show during the summertime.
And then he brings you that food.
Bring you to food, suck it around to your face, okay?
He finds you, he finds you like I find Todd Dreck, humanly unacceptable.
That I'm telling you right now, and he brings it in fact, I was like I said to you before the show, I'd have little Carlos in there, sample those wings before you bite into one.
I'm telling you right now, when you're a little more dispensable Carlos, we need George around.
Unless you want to fill on the show, let's try it.
Maybe we'll have Carlos do the show tomorrow. He does good, George is out.
Just the way it works in this business.
No, seriously, he brings in all that to testable.
So, but anyway, forget about PD Lenny, he's small potatoes, he's going to elope this weekend with Paul Castan over and young Ron.
Oh, well, that'd be interesting.
Oh, you know what he was upset about, I think the fact that I mentioned those naked pictures that Castan over has of him humping a fat boy in hallway.
He was very disturbed about that.
What, you don't believe me?
Maybe if we talk real nice about Paul and young Ron, they'll send us copies.
But at any rate, you look first, I don't want to see that.
So Todd Dreck comes in here who I've been telling you for a long time on a show.
He's an asshole.
Don't you despise people like that they're always put, especially when they finger point at nice people.
Right. Now, I want to say this about Jim, which I don't know her very well, but she's like our copy lady, the closest thing we have to a copy lady, which we don't have a copy person in this building.
But she's as close as possible, no copy like commercial copy.
She's a sweet person.
She's, she happens to be large.
I mean, she happens to be very large, but this is a building loaded with very large people.
Just because people are fat doesn't make them necessarily bad people.
Like the beast, we love the beast. He's a lot of fun.
Look at the following. You know something yesterday at one o'clock.
No, sir, that rekindle.
It was like the first time in a long time we've had that much fun on this radio station.
That's one of the problems with this station.
Is it, it hasn't become fun anymore?
Wonderful.
Of course. Here we had some, there was some periods of time, one or two moments in five years.
Now, we've had some fun here.
But these people take all this too seriously.
And the beast is on there doing the updates before the mad dog comes on.
And George goes in there and he's like squatting on his face and doing all kinds of things I can't mention on here.
And then I just happened to find that big black dildo that what's his name left in here.
And I go in there while he's trying to finish his update.
And he just completely loses it.
I thought he was going to die.
But his big fat head down on that table, which you notice, Matt,
it's just kind of like jumped about two feet when that head hits the table.
Man, when you got ahead that big, like your earth moved.
And he just completely, it was like a beat, like a gigantic one-way beat.
That's what his head looked like laying there on that counter.
When he saw that black one-way dildo.
And so we had a little fun here.
He cracked up a little bit, mad dog laughed about it.
We had a little bit of fun there, you know?
Fun's over.
Paybacks of bitch.
When I grabbed this bomb, I'm sorry, I got sidetracked.
But anyway, well, we've heard that before.
I figured it was worth hearing it again, you know?
Todd Dreck blingin' on, you know, in fact, I go on a year every time I'm forced to try to do a commercial spot for us.
Which somebody is paying very serious bucks for on this station, okay?
Somebody's gettin' snuck it into paying some serious bucks.
And we have to keep faking your way through it because Todd Dreck refuses an act of defiance.
He refuses to provide copy for the air talent.
Then something's wrong, summer.
So who does he blame this morning?
Why we didn't have the correct, and we still don't have to write copy for fast rain.
Why? Because it's Jen's fault now.
And his comment being, well, she's not here yet, she's probably out eating donuts.
I'm gonna tell you something.
Now, ordinarily, I wouldn't repeat that on your, because it's a very unkind, it's a nasty comment.
But because of the fact that I would like to demonstrate to the world what a two-foot piece of crap we're talking about,
which is why we call him Todd Dreck.
He's an asshole.
He certainly lives up to that name in every respect.
He is, like I said, on a human level.
Or as Mr. Ego would say, on a visceral level, he's unacceptable.
In fact, from this moment on, we don't dignify him with a response.
We don't recognize him. He's like, red China used to be.
We don't recognize him.
We don't acknowledge his existence.
I was in the middle of warning Carlos not to have any conversation with him, because that's what he will do.
Oh my God.
You stick to your problems with Eric while you're computing nerds.
Okay, you keep fighting that with him.
And as if to prove my point, he busts out with that.
Oh, wait a minute.
And then he starts going into a thing when I threw that collagen thing in his face.
Oh, someday I'll tell you the real story about that.
I don't tell me anything, Todd.
In fact, you know how I'm always bitching about what we never see him.
I don't want to see him.
I don't ever want to see him again with that.
What do you call those shirts with a white collar and a blue shirt?
A blue shirt that went out with Herbert Hoover, okay?
I mean, I may not be the snappiest dresser even in this room.
And I only only went in here.
But the fact of the matter is he's just ludicrous.
And somebody in his position who's supposed to be representing this radio station can't afford to look ridiculous.
When we're setting out fashion plates like Fat Boy, leather-pussed PD Lenny.
Do you know what I'm saying?
You know, Jen has to deal with them constantly all day long.
And still for that, we give her lots of brownie points for that having to put up with that crap.
We have a call from a lady.
I can't believe that.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm a first time caller.
Great.
Yeah, I just had a question.
What's up with this Miami-Herald sports rider down the liberal part?
You can never make them happy.
Stand up and ask it.
Yeah, because that's the glory that makes no sense that Miami got Ivan Rodriguez and for what we pay him.
Push.
We get two players, but they won't do that.
Yeah.
So that was just my question.
Why are you a Marlon fan?
Ah, pretty much.
Why, you're the one then.
Okay, well listen, hang on.
We'll give you some seasoned tickets.
Not...
No, seriously.
I'm not going to talk about the Marlins.
Are you people out of your mind?
She must have been one of those 45 people that really were in attendance and paid for tickets.
It's the Panther game last night.
Boy, that was a wofl turnout to see the best team in the league.
Although I will say this if you didn't show up probably a good decision because it was a wofl excuse for a game.
It was pathetic.
Tragic.
I don't want to start picking up my good friends over there at the Macarena, but since I'm the only one that tries to put them on the straight and narrow path because I do care,
let me give you two pieces of advice.
Number one.
Don't have some little 10-year-old girl reading the starting lineup for the visiting team.
It makes us look so bush-leggy.
You have to all start getting in a few days.
You don't want all these people from around the world to realize how bush-leg we really are.
That...
Starting on defense for the Ottawa Senators.
Number six.
Wade, Rodin.
How would you use prouce, our EDDEN?
Redden?
Ah! Very good, George.
Wayne, Rodin.
Number 18.
Mariahn, Hosey.
Hosey.
Mary and Hosey becomes Mariah.
I thought she was going to say Mariahn's scary.
Come on, look.
Yeah, I'll let the...
I mean, it's so demeaning to the visiting team number one.
She can't pronounce any name, which at least the PI grads a few of them right.
And number two, the ice in that place.
You can't complain about the ice in that area.
We don't have any.
They might, you know, pretty soon they're going to have to start playing the Panther Games on roverskates instead of ice skates.
Followed the bouncing puck.
But I mean, and so every game degenerates into like a total exercise and futility,
which may be good.
Maybe that's one of the reasons that they're so close to the lot of these games against superior teams like Ottawa last night.
But I mean, you know, when you go to a game, you want to see people play at their best when you go to see, you know, great teams.
And we got a young fast team here too, but you'll never see any speed from them on it, I guess, because the ice is the worst anywhere.
Maybe they're running at a temperature in that place under the ice about 31 degrees, just to conserve cash or something.
You know, Alan Cohen, you can point the finger at this one and that one.
The fact of the matter is you bought that franchise with good intentions, but so far I haven't seen it off a lot.
You made a lot of mistakes.
You left your authority in there.
A grotesque mistake.
I don't know nobody in our audience cares about this, but I do.
And if you can't even do something about the quality of the ice, that it's it is scraice.
It's an absolute league disgrace.
And why nobody else talks about it beats me.
I guess nobody cares.
And you could see by the number of really paid people there last night, nobody cares.
I mean, that was just, I mean, to sit there and continue through most of every game said,
well, this is just awful.
This is where I like to brew in the game.
And the reason being that they need roller skates, not ice skate.
How would you like to try to go up with the ice skates on and skate in mud, for example?
Try it.
How about going out to a lake somewhere and putting on ice skates and try to skate on a unfrozen lake?
I've tried that too.
I'm unfrozen pond with Henry Fonda.
You know, I'm getting worked up here today, which is good.
Because I don't give a flying fart anymore about some of this stuff.
And I'm getting really pissed off and fired up.
Because it's so schlock, so schlock.
How about being a, now it depends for the Honourable Senators.
I mean, come on.
Put on a professional performance there, not like some kind of amateur hour bullcrap
with some little girl air butchering every name.
You're with a visiting team and you hear that and you think,
boy, I'm looking up in the stands, there's nobody here.
You think, what kind of a horse ball places this?
And which is pretty accurate.
Horse ball, where do we play that?
We got horse balls, that's for lunch.
Twelve minutes after nine, at five, 60 WQM.
Guess what?
It's the 25th anniversary for Brandys this year, the number 25.
Any independent family, Schuster that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century,
has got to be doing a lot of things right.
Like offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous Brad Names,
Rockports, Echo, Mephisto, Timberland, Parks, SAS, Floresharmon lot's more.
And by the way, Jennifer, you're eating our Krispy Kreme, bring us some back.
They got the wide range of sizes at Brandys, men's 6 to 15,
women's 5 to 12, and width from very narrow to the very wide.
And don't forget their professional sales staff, I hope you pick out the right styles.
And then sit your ass down and fit those shoes, your individual feet,
which is what we call real serious service.
And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock in their gigantic humongous,
8,000 square foot megastore, you'll almost never hear from Brandys.
Sorry, Mr. We don't have your size in that shoe.
So when you need shoes, get into Brandys shoes with there's always a sale of special promotion.
Brandys a great, great place to shop for shoes you'll find them at 12, 90,
nor Federal Highway in Palmito, but daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5.
And right now it's a great time to buy Riggers boat shoes,
values of up to 100 bucks on sale for only 49, 90 this week at Brandys in Palmpino Beach.
I'm not mine, I'm not mine.
This is 420 or 560.
You weigh in.
People are iceholes.
Here's.
Even freaky Tommy said,
Conrad Rex and asshole, honey like that, we all agree on that.
American Idol is back on TV.
American Idol, who's it gonna be?
We're gonna find out who can sing,
and he will hear some nasty things.
Here's your chance of life, don't think.
Like that can't even chicken, what's his name?
Hey voters, it's the D U.
American Idol, it's season 2.
American Idol, two days a week.
American Idol, you're the sure can't shrink.
Simon Cowell is an evil chap,
the other just won't give a hell of a snap.
Ryan Seacrest is all alone,
now this thing's in Dunkelman home.
Randy Jensen's still on board,
he's having me out on my court, American Idol.
Right now it's cool.
How's the will it feel like all I have to?
And if you're hooded off, it'll get off now, go go go.
I'm gonna watch you, Simon,
but I don't like you, Simon,
bye, bye.
I'm 18 at 5'60,
watch that, the plot is thickening here this morning.
What is it, is it something in the air?
It's really wild around this place today, isn't it?
We're coming here just mining our own business.
I'm loading down a few bedtime stories for the website,
seeing about how they just found a whole bunch of unopened ballots
from last September's primary election in Broward.
Hey, Mary, I'm your okay at our book, we're just going away.
Don't take it personal, just go away.
Maybe she can take Todd Dreck with her.
1110 votes on yesterday's poll.
Don't let me forget to get back to what I was just going to say
whatever the hell it was, about all about Mo.
Yeah, cast her over, guess what?
Pick her on Mo ain't going to get the job done.
Because we're going to start siding with Mo just to show you
how much we dislike you, cast her over, and PD-Linny.
Maybe the two of them can allope.
Seriously, I mean, we got a full court press
which I find objectionable that we got somebody who works on our sales department
who's supposed to be selling our morning show,
and instead of giving some support to Mo and Gildee,
what's he doing?
He's concerning with the enemy who works for a cheap channel.
We hate like poison. Don't we hate them like poison?
Yes.
Yeah, exactly.
We'd like to stick a wicked surfeit on David Ross's ass.
And people you're especially, and also run a fink wolf.
Underline the fink part as in rat pink.
Or disgrace.
Cast her over, making comments about Mo Howard Davided.
In fact, I say I'm going to go to Greg right after the show
and they say let's sign mode of a 20-year contract.
Just out of spite.
No, seriously, I mean, that's being a little optimistic in this case.
But just out of spite to cast her over.
You know what's wrong with him?
He's stupid.
Right. Exactly. I couldn't say that better myself, Mo.
Seriously, he's making me start.
I know it's saying a lot.
And maybe I'm exaggerating just a little bit.
Because if I have to choose between cast her over and the Mo man,
I'll take the Mo man any day.
That's right. No contest.
No contest.
In spite of all the crap that's gone down in this last year,
in spite of all of us trying to get people to get fired,
and bad things happen to us, in spite of that.
Which I would shoot.
In fact, I'd like to see Todd Dreck and Paul Cast her over, Ilope.
I think it would be good.
What do you just, what do you have that confused look on your face?
I find him to be personally objectionable.
You talk about a guy that's like living on,
he's like the rascal house of radio.
If he was like on this station, which he aspires desperately to be,
what kind of number do you think he'd have on this station?
Let me give you a clue.
Yeah. It looks like, I'm Rikaze-ass.
Pull.
Okay.
What are you doing now?
Putting this thing on.
I'm getting all worked up in here.
He's not paying any attention to any of these punks.
Jack and I.
The heat is in this room, man.
It's smoking.
The walls are like getting ready to appeal from the heat.
Linda Blair's head is spinning around.
I think it's coming off your head.
You don't worry about what's on my head.
Okay. We know what's on yours.
Here.
Anyway, here's the result of yesterday's pull.
I won't continue with this.
I'm starting to think I got a new deal here for the 9 to 10 hour.
I'm not going to take any more causes.
We took that one call.
I'm not about to punch you.
I mean, she didn't even know who Pudge is.
I've been wrong.
Nobody calls him Ivan.
It was Ivan the Terrible.
In this to which Pudge, he's got a few injuries,
which is why nobody else wanted to sign him money.
I love Pudge, Rodriguez.
How do a ball player?
Although he's got a big ass.
Right?
How'd you like to sit next to him in coach?
I'm sure he don't fly coach with his money.
But at any rate, he's got a huge ass.
And what should we don't care about?
By the way, how about that Andy Roddick?
Oh!
Nice going, Andy.
Sweetheart.
We love Andy Roddick on this show.
Hank even met him one time, up close and personal.
Got to shake his hand.
How long that match go?
About 25 hours?
Nice going, Andy.
We love you, sweetheart.
Anyway, what tell us about the Pudge?
No, the 9-10 hour with Sam.
See that?
We got too much going on.
Let's slow it down a little bit.
And I see the after effect of all the sugar I've eaten the last few days.
I had nothing so far today, but it's still in my system.
It's like a drug.
It is a drug.
It is a drug.
Right.
A stimulant that gets you all well.
I feel like the room is spinning around.
Let's get some of those little greasy burgers in here.
Come on, Carlos.
Go out there and see what's on the table.
Are you serious?
I just say you got your chicken wings there.
You have your wings?
I got my wings.
Good.
When you stick with your wings, okay, I don't eat chicken wings.
I understand.
Greasy, nasty, one of the worst.
I mean, they may taste delicious, which quite frankly, I don't think so.
Although I do like the burger.
Greasy and nasty.
What are the things I like in the blue cheat?
Oh, they're poppers.
Oh, yeah.
Deep fried.
Deep fried poppers.
Bad for you.
Bad for you.
You know what?
We don't care if it's bad for you.
We're not going to start lecturing because we're all a bunch of slabs on this show anyway.
Some of us are fat slabs like me and a whole bunch of others here.
And some of us are not so fat, but still slabs.
Which is why some of us don't come to work.
If you're the general manager, you come to work in a nice suit like Greg does every day.
Right?
Even though he's got a terrible haircut.
But you're coming in.
And if you're like one of the sales managers or something like that, like John Jeris.
So they come to work in a suit.
Or if you're like hanging out of your job like Ray Perry.
You come to work in a suit, right?
Right.
And you run around telling people, oh gee.
Now that there's another sports station, it's going to expand that sports audience.
You know, it's going to bring more people to sports.
If we have like 15 radio stations where they talk about baseball cards all day, that's going to bring more people to baseball cards.
That's one.
Hey, Ray, stick to the tickets.
We like you.
You're a good guy.
But you know, we'll be seeing you one of these days at your farewell party.
And he's a good guy.
But, but,
it's on for anybody.
Because it's a goddamn radio show.
It's not a television show.
It's not some kind of a plastic place where we're supposed to come in here to try to like walk around and put on,
put something on over somebody's ass, right?
Right.
And believe me, when I look at the way some of the other people lose building are dressed.
And I say to myself, God, almighty, I feel like a fashion plate.
Not to mention fat boy, for example.
It doesn't matter what they wear some of those people.
Or a little Carlos.
And by the way, can we explain to the audience, I blame you guys.
You should have the pictures on a website.
There are.
I want to be.
You have the two Carlos.
That's the side by each.
Forget about me.
They see enough of me.
Okay. And by the way, thanks to my friend of the hockey game last night who came by and said,
you missed absolutely nothing while you were gone.
They all verify what I said to that.
Shmuck who says, oh, you were Toronto.
Did the ratings go down?
No.
The one that claims that I have no idea what's going on when I'm Toronto that asshole who's trying to make a point where I think his Pete Bulger's boyfriend.
But anyway, everybody tells me I miss nothing, which is true.
Although it is good that I was here for that game last night because I could tell them the ice is unacceptable.
It's unacceptable.
And if you're trying to slow down the other good teams and league, all you're doing is making for real crappy games to watch,
which is why a lot of the reasons why nobody's showing up.
If I was like a dynamo fan and didn't want to see Marty Hamlet up close in person last night, which I did.
I mean, I would have gotten up and walked out in the middle of the first period. It was that bad.
Now, let me ask you, how many of those do I need, Carlos?
I don't eat without cheese.
Okay. I like the ones that are trache with the cheese.
I mean, this business is talking about people stuffing their face with doughnut.
Oh, these are cold.
They got to be nuked.
About 16 seconds will do.
I'll take care of it during the break.
Well, seriously, I'm coming in here knocking gin.
That's just, it just turns my whole day upside down.
For here, there's anywhere hidden behind it.
For here to be knocking anybody is like the popcorn and kettle purple and pink with polka dots.
But for him to be knocking a nice person just because he happens to be a little on the chubby side.
Uh, what, what does that mean?
He knocks everybody.
He's a piece of Drek Todd.
Drek comma Todd.
Look it up into book.
And I'm starting to think that maybe every day between 10, I'm just going to sit here and let's just let it all out.
Forget the calls between it.
If this is what they want, if they want 9 to 1, let's make this 9 to 10 hour to something different.
10 to 1, you'll consider him big for calls.
I don't need nobody to think of Pudge Red Regas.
Jesus lady, we finally get a lady called her to start the show and I was all excited.
Just like yesterday, put that dog lady on again.
Man, oh man, even little Carlos in there was pissed off about they said,
you like Georgia continue working when he does stuff to you like that?
Oh, no, that's not the side of it.
He said, I never put her on again.
He's sucking for your job.
I was your back.
That's already...
Look, he can't even keep a straight face.
Laughing his ass off, little Carlos.
Already 20 skewers back here.
He's one of those people.
He'll take anybody's job.
He didn't care.
He needs the cash.
Badly.
Desperately.
For maybe that makeover.
And if you get that stupid thing out of your eyebrow there, people wouldn't be talking to you.
So that's, uh, that's...
That's tangen it off.
That's ridiculous.
We'll get back to that Carlos freaky area.
Not so freaky.
No, I want their pictures on a website so that at least side by each,
which one of these do you think is really freaky, Carlos?
I think you need to take that picture.
He won't stand still for me.
That's what PD Lang said about Fat Boy, but it worked out in the end.
27 past nine at five, 60 W to come.
Hey, if you're asleep in bad shape, maybe you're alone with somebody with your blow-up towel
and just not getting a good night's sleep every night.
You know what you need?
You need a new mattress, dummy.
That's it.
It's the mattress.
Isn't that what Bumba said?
It's the mattress, dummy.
And he oughta know.
Get yourself a great night's sleep every night by crawling 1-800-MATRUS, M-A-T-T-R-E-S,
and dial amateurs are good friends there.
Well, have you sleepin' like a baby all year long?
Just like I do with my great dial amateurs.
I've been using these people for quite a while now.
And now George is using them.
Miguel is using them.
Miguel got his mattress for free, which you folks won't.
But I think Miguel made some kind of a deal with somebody over there.
I don't know what it is.
And of course, as far as delivery is concerned, you get to choose the date and time that they show up.
Whenever it's convenient for you, and as far as quality is concerned, dial amateurs is always unbeatable.
They carry a ceiling.
Surda, Simmons, King Coil, every size and style.
Exactly what you want is in stock and ready for practicality and immediate delivery.
So forget about wasting your time in cash and those vetting and department stores.
Forget about schlepping all over town wasting expensive gas.
Make one easy call and get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MATRUS, M-A-T-T-R-E-S, for dial amateurs, and be sure and tell them that Jeff High told you to call.
Why in local high-rear sports radio 560?
You ain't, you a-m.
BAST!
And now, it's time for Leavitt to Ozzy,
starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver,
Hugh Beaumont as Ward Cleaver,
and the irrepressible Ozzy Osborne as the Oz.
Oh, good morning, Ozzy.
Oh, f**k you, mom.
Oh dear, I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van.
Oh, come on, buddy.
I can't believe it. I must be headhurt.
What the f**k is Sharon?
Sharon!
Who's Sharon? Is that one of your friends from school, dear?
Good morning, Ozzy.
What f**k you, dad? Get out of my face.
Now, Ozzy, that's no way to talk to your father.
Say, son, what have you got planned for today?
We're going to be one of our plans for today.
Oh, no, since when's the Prince of Darkness have to hand out a f**k to our Chennai?
I'm going to go fight the head over to Boston, Eddie Hosko.
I was like, oh, you have fun now.
Okay, Ozzy?
Yeah, sure, one of our f**k's.
We hope you enjoyed this episode of Leavitt to Ozzy.
Tune in next week when you hear Ozzy say f**k of you.
F**k.
933, get out of here, Ozzy.
I don't know what the big deal is with him.
Okay, talk about old trolls.
Old news.
933 at 560 WQM, it's a Thursday.
We got a big gallign up here today.
We got the Mad Dog at one handkit to Super Bowl and San Diego 3-7.
Per cool hotline from the HEC Center, 708.
The big bow.
Orlando Bell's a degree 8-10, Eddie K from GA-10 to 2 Joan Mark overnight.
A pristine schedule, because there's no ball games today.
Maybe we could play an old Marlon game again tonight.
With the very exciting, what else is the guy's name that does the games?
Oh, Dave Van Boring.
Well, no, you know the way I figured it out?
Because I thought immediately by the board association of boring and it sounded like Van Horn.
Sure, I'm serious.
That's the only reason I remember his last name.
Boring guy.
Oh, man, he's awful.
Anyway, but he kind of fits right in with the whole ambience, because nobody here cares about baseball.
And I know something this year, mark it down.
This year, I'm not going to waste any time.
I'm so tired of the neurotic repetition that goes on in this town.
Every single year, it's the same thing.
Oh, well, maybe this is the year.
And, well, nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
That's it. That's all it needs to be said.
I mean, if you look up the expression beating a dead horse in the dictionary,
you'll see a picture of this community right next to it.
It's got maggots on it.
It is so freaking tiresome, man.
It just wears you out.
It is what it is.
It's not going to change.
But maybe this year.
No.
But whether or without the Pudge Factor.
Maybe.
Packer.
What did I say?
The Pudge Factor?
Is that like the Arali Factor?
Yeah, the Pudge Factor.
By the way, speaking of that, PD Lenny, even though he is a major troublemaker,
see if I'm like a scrooan.
I call him in right now, and I sit his ass down and say,
listen, you little leather-pussed asshole.
Stick this cell in a quit interfering with programming.
So this is what bothers me when salespeople start interfering in programming
where they know nothing about, nothing about it.
Zero.
Zipity Doodah.
But maybe this year.
Like him saying, oh, thank goodness you're taking calls like he knows something, see?
Just like he's ripping about the fact that you don't get any numbers in the summertime,
which you still get better numbers than anybody else on a radio station.
So I'll come and he can sell them, but he can't sell you, because he don't like you.
I understand spite of his sucking up to your face.
That's PD Lenny.
I say he goes and sells Castron Overshow.
That's what I say.
That would be a match made in heaven.
He did they deserve each other.
Judge a person by his friends.
That's what I tell you right now.
And anybody who consorts, although he does have one good friend up there,
little caboose, which you gave her free plug.
See it worked.
I'm not choosing.
What?
And Carlos likes these, which I think should tell you a lot.
They are absolutely good today.
George is very skeptical.
They're good today.
I got my wings.
Their wings are great.
Yeah, you like your wings a lot.
You look like Kent.
Soon.
Well, I got the theme from a smallville or one of the songs in it.
I was playing this morning when I was playing any attention.
As soon as I start playing any music and he heard you like,
pops it down and starts recording bits on an ECF.
He always did.
Yeah.
And I held the night.
It was one of the songs from a smallville.
All right.
Right here.
I'm not.
No, you don't.
Yeah, do.
Some of you people will appreciate the stuff you faxed on the fax machine.
But it would probably be a good idea to go to our website first
and see the bedtime stories that I've given to Carlos to put on her.
Are they on there now?
They are on there.
Eightes.
Most of them.
Aides nominee draws fires this one on there.
But the bush and it's not see that he wants to put on there.
The Bush administration has chosen Jerry Thacker,
a Pennsylvania marketing consultant who's characterized Aides as the gay plague
to serve on the presidential advisory commission on HIV and Aides.
In his speeches and writings on the website and elsewhere,
which is the one which I skipped over.
Thacker was described.
Homosexuality is a death style rather than a lifestyle asserted that the Christ
can rescue the homosexual.
He refers to Aides as the gay plague.
And this is a guy who's going to put on the presidential advisory commission on HIV and Aides.
At least one thing about the Bush moisture, he may not be good, but he's consistent.
Now that he's really come out of the closet full force,
what he's born again right wing nuts with a subversion business that they're starting up again,
you just watch as they desperately.
I can just see somebody from the administration up on the clock at Big Ben over there in London.
You know, hanging from the minute hand, trying to pull it back as many hours and years
and centuries as they possibly can, dragging the American public kicking and screaming back into the stone age.
I haven't even given the results from yesterday's poll because I'm still worked up about Todd Dreck.
And his unacceptable attack on general anybody else,
you're right for him to be attacking anybody, he's unacceptable.
We despise you, Todd. We just took a poll into building, you unanimous.
I see you nodding Miguel.
Miguel said you're an asshole. He said you're a piece of Dreck.
He said you and work are just not compatible.
You would know the meaning of the word work if somebody stuffed it up your ass.
In fact, I tell you what Miguel, take a big sheet of paper, take like a two by four,
write the word work on it, and go stuff it up his ass.
And see if he still gets the message.
Or he'll get the router. Yeah, exactly. Get the router router.
Or get the colleague of the man, one of the other. Maybe he'll do it.
In fact, I think when you first insert that piece of plywood,
you'll hear a little voice coming from inside saying, hey, colleague of the man.
Yeah, from inside the orifice.
Back home, right.
Why am I spending so much time it because I feel like it because I find him detestable.
And you sales people, a lot of you, except for Adam Skippy,
who can't help himself because he needs a compass in a road map.
Who else? And what's his name?
Troy Stratford, who released.
See, Troy stay away from Todd.
I told him when he came in here that he came in together. Do you know what's that?
Yeah. What did I say yesterday?
Spending too much time around Todd, direct.
And now his nasty, bad work habits are starting to rub off on Todd.
Who went painting intention and his fine accounts.
Most of which he inherited and just, you know, this is one thing about our sale department.
A lot of these guys just inherited a bunch of accounts when I came here.
And they just keep collecting commission. Maybe once every six months they call a client, hey, everything okay.
You know, and that's it. And they're collecting a check.
They're siphoning off of our ass.
As opposed to somebody like PD Lane, by the way,
who keeps bringing in these accounts with a great food and places that keep going out of business every week.
Have you noticed that pattern with him?
Yeah, he's like the kiss of death.
PD Lane, if he handles your account, you'll be lucky to be in business more than five minutes, okay.
Before he walks out the door, they'll be coming boarding up the front of your store.
There's just something about him. You know, maybe it's that leather push.
Maybe it's the devious nature of him.
Like I said, Scrant ought to sit his ass down, tell him to stick to sales and not worry about programming and not try to interfere with our agenda here, with our gay agenda.
That he wants to bring up.
Puts like cast an over over here.
No chance, Paul. You can rip Moa while you want, okay.
Oh, George, now don't start sucking up the hand mode. That's not going to help.
That's a little bit too late. We're not going to get carried away. There's no credibility on that.
But if we had to choose if somebody held our feet to the fire, we have to be a pretty damn hot fire.
If they were trying to make us walk on calls, I'll guarantee them to you.
We'll take Moe, myster.
At least the Moe provides a lot of comedy, really, if you don't understand.
It is on crusty, hard ass way. That's right.
An endless source.
An endless source of amusement.
On his substation, on whatever.
All over town, they're talking about it. Maybe someday he'll get so carried away. He'll kill some people.
Right. And provides a more amusement.
But in the meantime, cast it over as about as funny as cancer of an e-cap.
In both knees.
And let me ask you a one final question before I move on.
What's wrong with young Ron?
20 till 10 at 5.60 WQM will give you the results of yesterday's pull.
We got a new one to put up there today.
We got fat boy running around. He's never brought me back to 10 of them, which I asked him for.
Hey, fat boy, I know what was a tough assignment.
These salespeople, man, I'm serious.
Just if for no other reason in the world, just not seeing them being in Toronto doing the show from anywhere.
Doing the show on the rings of Saturn with the Raylions.
Would be an improvement over being here and having to encounter these people in person, in the flesh.
And in the case of fat boy, that's a lot of flesh.
I don't notice him knocking fat boy about it, but it was a lot better than Jen.
Well, 20 till 10 at 5.60 WQM.
Now that comment about the donuts was nasty. That was really mean-spirited.
That was just vicious trying to get the point to finger at somebody else.
I'm sure there are a lot of you people in the audience know people like that.
Always blame in somebody else for their own failures.
Their own inability or a lack of desire of doing what they're supposed to be doing.
The dog done it, you know, like you're any elevator and somebody cuts a real bad bomb.
Oh, I think the dog done it.
Only one problem that there's no dogs in the elevator.
And you and it are the only ones in there.
Like that day that I had that unfortunate incident.
Never saw that guy again, by the way. I don't think he survived it.
Neil dropped his killer bomb and said, I'm in a fog today.
I regret having said that so badly.
9.42 at 5.60 WQM.
Hey, snow on Miami ever hear that? Well, it's going to be very cool tomorrow night,
but that's not the point. Or is it tonight or tomorrow night?
Good morning. Oh.
Tom Leman and Joe Prierd were up to their armpits in not snow, but in vehicles.
In fact, the factory sent howl at so many cars. There's no place to stick them.
Even Tom Leman had to park cars in his driveway. Tom says if Todd Reckle come down there,
he'll stick one of those vehicles in his orifice.
So need to place one of those vehicles in your driveway.
Howl is blowing out all the new vehicles, regardless of profit, including the Pontiac vibe,
starting at a very amazingly low $13,998.
And you get up to $5,000 off on every GMC on-boy in stock.
Plus get you 0% financing up to a $3,000 rebate.
Of course, howl also has a great selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
And the most important part about it is you're going to love shop in there because they treat you right.
Even if you've got crappy credit, marginal credit, no credit.
You'll still cut your deal with no problem when you do your car shopping at Halibut Pontiac,
which is why I've been around for over 35 years in the same great location at $134,1 South Dixie High,
where you'll see US 1 across from the falls open every day of your life, seven days a week.
Mention the The Arrangeers show you'll see you in a little extra.
And you can get more details about all of these things by calling the The Arrangeers Neil Deal Hotline Tool Free,
1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-2114, Halibut Pontiac GMC believe them on their tenure that they do be professional great.
And you'll see you in a little extra.
You'll see you in a little extra.
See, 948-560 WQM State removes unopened ballots. Let's get back to that pool for me yesterday before we get into the next hour.
See how fast this hour is going by?
And of course Miguel, who's a professional Cuban, comes in here and says,
oh, she should know that if she's going to call them not put, but it's Ivan, not Ivan Rodriguez, like I don't know that.
Grip the insertion of your professional little spico, okay Miguel? We know that.
Yvonne, I thought it was Yvonne Eleman.
Huh? Or is it Mariahne Hosa? Seriously, how embarrassing can you guys get over there at the macaroon?
I'm trying to explain to you how to put out like a professional performance that the public can enjoy because I sit there like as a spectator,
trying to enjoy what's going on, and nobody else gives a crap because 90% of the people in there haven't got any idea what's going on anyway,
including the guy that sits in front of me, who ain't a bad guy, and I know you're listening right now, whatever your name is,
and I don't want to sit there having you turn around and talk to me during the entire game.
He's because he's schmoozing around, no, seriously, the whole game between the face-offs going on, fine, okay?
Commercial breaks when little pink light comes on, no problem. In between periods, no problem.
But while the game is going on, I don't care about that, I don't care about that, I couldn't give a crap less.
If you want to talk islanders go up and cozy up to Denise Pothman, okay? Cause birds of a feather.
Everybody just, I don't know, they're in La La land here, they're all approached, they're all concept of what life is all about,
is just so alien to me, alien.
And you notice the newspaper is still writing about the goddamn, uh, the reliance.
Clowning probe by court fails to confer, baby even exists. Oh, what a concept, how shocking, aren't you shocked?
I might just fall off the goddamn chair. Let's see, it could be a hoax?
No, not the reliance.
State removes unopened balance, did I give the results yet? No.
No, I'm really milking this big time. I'd have been good on the farm.
1142 votes. What's your take on Broward Lexington Supervisor Miriam Olifont, we asked yesterday?
She's totally in comedy, should be fired, 854 people, 74 points, and they're saying, damn, your 75% said, fire her ass.
Although Mike came in on the sunsettlest morning of very namby, pamby column, please resign, please, that we wish you health and good luck.
But yeah, Mike, you're such a, you're such a goody too, shoes man, such a equivocator, such a waffler.
Mike Mayo is calm soon to be right at the waffle house.
In fact, they're gonna be putting on an embodiment every birdcage at the waffle house.
Mike Mayo. Thanks Carl, also got two more of these great little burgers from Crazy John Little or Caboose.
It'll turn you loose, so in fact, I might have a surprise for you later in the show.
Holy, I'm not gonna leave through them, I'll just do it right in here.
That's a surprise.
As an active defiance, as a gesture of defiance like Lord Windess Mir in the farting contest, yeah.
I'll just drop a big load right in here and then you can put it on Todd Drex desk.
Call it Drek for Drek.
We have plates there.
1146 votes. Did I get back to this?
She's totally in confidence, 74%, 0.8%.
Who is Mary of Elephant, 196%, 17%.
Idiots.
She's the victim of a racist campaign, 64 only 5.5%.
Are getting sucked into that stupid crap. She's the victim of a racist campaign.
How could anybody say that?
They just found another hundred ballots in a mail tray inside a file cabinet or a office in Fort Lauderdale yesterday afternoon.
And that's only the beginning. They're probably ballots laying all over the place.
Maybe there's even a couple in her...
Back to where they are.
...and they'll know where they are all over.
I think that if she held up a sign, you know what it reminds me of?
It's like if OJ held up a sign and said,
guess what? I killed Ron and Nicole. I'm guilty.
Right?
And there still would be a certain segment of the people out there I don't want to say who they would be.
There still would be a certain segment of the public.
Oh no, he got framed. It's a race thing. Am I right?
Absolutely.
Absolutely correct, sir. And the same with Miriam Elephant.
They must have been, you know, four percent.
It's also 2.4%.
28% she's doing a good job, which is just kind of...
I'm using.
They're finding ballots all over the place.
And then she wants another three and a half million bucks.
She can't explain. Even her supporters are now starting to get a little bit upset.
They're starting to get a little bit nervous because of her performance the other day.
Because she couldn't answer any questions.
It's like the theater of the absurd, a frustrated commissioner Laurie Paris said yesterday.
She hasn't got any clue how to answer these questions.
Well, but I'm beat, but I'm up. Where did the money go?
Where's the accounting for?
But I'm beat, but I'm up.
I want to talk about a million dollars. Now she wants three and a half million more.
And the community in Broward County is held hostage by a bunch of people who want to turn it into a racial issue,
which of course it is not.
But what can I tell you?
Here's our poll today.
Before I get back to the shenanigans here at QA, I'm in PD Lenny.
You know, it's a real, I think to myself, which one of these people in that sales department bothers me the most?
On a visceral level as somebody would say who burly shows in the ratings.
Is it PD Lenny? Is it Todd Dreck?
Now see, it's difficult because when I'm here, I don't see Todd Dreck very often.
Thank goodness because if I did see him a lot, it would be no contest.
He'd win hands down your pants.
Even Miguel was shocked and amazed.
He said it's one thing to pick on Doreen, which Miguel endorses that a lot.
He said keep it up because she deserves it.
But to pick on Jen who happens to be a real sweetheart and somebody we like,
one of the nice people in the building, in fact, what we're going to do before the show is over today,
we'll draw the line down the middle and we'll put the nice people on one side.
We'll tell you the good ones are and we'll tell you who the assholes are.
Geldie, I'm sorry.
Oh, boy, see, even at the game last night, you know what they put them on the screen up there to do?
There's the squads of hockey at the night, Brown the League.
And he squeaks the squads.
He looked like a man just shaken.
So if I'm Jigs McDonnell, I'll tell you what, you know what we need to buy Jigs?
Jigs?
I give up.
A test protector.
What do they call those things?
Like a gun, what do they call it?
A bulletproof thing.
A vest.
Oh, a flat jacket.
A flat jacket.
Because he's going to get a lot of flak.
Because boy, Geldie, as desperate as they are now with seeing those numbers come out the hour by hour and see them at 2.1 share in the eight to nine hour,
which is just people around the building are shaking their heads about that.
How is that possible on a sports station in men 2554, your target demographic, a 2.1?
Oh, my people are swooning over that.
And so Geldie, I'm sure I just even smell in the hallway.
I know it's coming from him or else his most petipped is back again.
But he's just, I just paranoid as hell.
So you know he's going to be going after Jugs's radio job with the Panthers next season because he's got to cover his ass.
You know he's got that baby to feed George.
You know how that is?
Yeah.
You got those little mouths to feed.
You're going to have that paycheck coming in.
So Jugs, if I'm you, I would just really, really watch my backside.
The Jugs, myster, who, you know, he's an old funny dutty and he's what he is.
But he's just, he's comfortable like an old shoe.
In fact, every time I see Jugs, I think, look at that.
And he looks just like an old shoe.
Yeah.
As opposed to every time you see me and you think there's like an old shoe or a soft shoe.
Yeah.
So I am a soft shoe.
That's my problem to a nice of a guy.
I'm just, it's the truth.
It's not too nice to say that.
I'm just, it's the truth.
I tolerate too much crap from people.
You know what I mean, Geldie?
Too much crap.
So you can be paranoid all you want.
You're not getting Jugs McDonald's job because he's a, he's a legendary hockey broadcaster.
Who happens to be, by the way, just like Denise Pothan, a hollow flamer.
How do you like that?
So I got news, Geldie.
If you think I'm going to back you again to go in here and stab somebody, there's too many people looking for other people's jobs.
On this show, we're real happy with our dish.
We're not happy with this time slot.
But we'll, you know, he's taking the check.
But we're not looking for anybody else as well.
See Carlos, we leave him out of this.
He's looking for anybody else's job.
And he's nodding his head.
We know, we know the janitors never come.
In fact, he wouldn't mind being freaky Carlos and the receptives to the front desk.
Because it'd be, you can be sure that that scream in Queen is making more money than he is.
No question.
And he's full time with benefits.
There you go.
His benefit is he gets to take a bath in the sink every morning before it comes in here.
That's his benefit.
We don't charge him for the water.
Right.
Or the toothpaste.
He brings us out.
No, I don't think so.
I think he steals Geldie's toothpaste.
One morning he used Moeson and it turned out to be Palladent.
Which I guess didn't taste, taste all that great.
In fact, it's still fizzing.
But this business of people wondering about we got PD Lenny trying to get Moa out of here in the morning.
So the castor Nova can come in and take his job, his boyfriend.
Wait, that's unacceptable.
The same thing with Geldie chasing after Jugs McDonald.
Who's, what, Jugs has got to be getting up there.
What is he about?
85.90 now?
He needs that job.
He's a legend.
He knows this hockey man.
He's got some squeaky voice twerp.
Who's looking after everybody's job just because he knows that he's very, very thin ice.
Do you think the ice was bad in the arena last night?
The ice that Geldie's swimming on right now man, it's about to crack.
So it just puts you up there in the morning a little bit.
In fact, if I was him I'd start really taking issue with everything that Moeson said.
Moes says, well, it's a Monday morning.
Now let's us from Tuesday Mo.
Right?
Now that might last more than like for an hour or two, but we're good for the beast.
Here's our poll today.
I better do the break first.
Well, we don't want to get weighed behind, huh?
Am I wound up today or what?
It's good.
It's a good way.
It is in a very good way.
I'm in a great mood.
I feel great panthers.
We have a terrible game last night.
At least it was close.
I got to see my good buddy Marty have let up very close in person.
We bonded after the game.
I wish.
A little bit too much showboating there, Marty last night.
You know, he's a great athlete.
He's a great hockey player, but a little bit trying to dipcy doodle.
In fact, he started looking like Victor Croslow, the figure skater the last night.
Hey, Victor, we already had S.A.T.K.
and we don't need a more figure skater here, okay?
We'll get Elvis Toyko, who won a figure skater.
Round and a round.
Anyway, it's 9.57 at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M.
I want to tell you about a place that's fantastic for the Atkins or any low-carb sugar-free diet.
And I mentioned sugar-free because the sugar shot from last three days is obviously still having a tremendous effect on me.
See what it does to you?
It's a drug that sugar.
I'm sitting here going, like that because of all that sugar I've eaten.
Although that chocolate lace was damn good.
Anyway, at the Lines of Westboker they got over 600 delicious low-carb food products.
This week tried the new Enchantment Low-Carb Cookies and 6 delicious flavors
with only one or two carbs per cookie.
You'll be in Schnack Heaven, says PD Linney.
And you know him.
So whether it's Carbolot ice cream bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces,
the Lines of Westboker is the place you're going to love and you can try anything on a store before you buy it.
Try before you buy.
They have an eligible sales staff open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10,
and carry the most complete line of African brand products in the world,
always 25% off all day every day of your life.
They also agree, by the way, to Lines.
We don't want no cash turnover on this station.
You'll find the Lines of Westboker on the northeast corner of Glades in 441
where next to Boston Market, column toll free at 1877 Low-Carb,
we're on to web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's one on only the Lines of Westboker.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
It's my life and local.
This is 440560.
Way to lay.
There's a butt ass smell.
Welcome.
That mirror hit all eyes.
Good price is that you're fine.
You gained a hundred pounds since Christmas.
Yes.
You look just like an elephant,
where pants made from a circus pants.
But hey, my friend, what can you do?
How about life or search?
Some way, reduction.
Cause one more bite, and you might burst at the seams.
Holds.
Your arteries are shutting down.
Skip that piece of pie you'll be clapped.
Unfortunately, I'm talking to you.
Yeah, you.
I won't staple here one there.
Hidden beneath your underwear.
What else possibly could you do?
Good luck there, Toby.
Your big baby.
I knew I knew I'd get him.
That's my sentiments about Todd Dreck right there.
See, one thing about me, I don't pull any punches.
These salespeople now are starting to squirm.
Now I can eyeball him.
I can look him right in the eye and say, hey Troy, what's the story with my balance for life?
Where's my menu?
He even has big lips or anything.
And then like Todd Dreck.
And you know this is four minutes after 10, I'm 5.60 km.
And we still don't have that crap I'm supposed to have.
He was going to go rushing right in there once again, got back from the donut shop.
I'd like to see your take up bag of donuts and stuff right where the moon don't shine.
And his body if you could find the right orifice.
That's how whipped up I am about this.
And I'm even eating these little burgers here, which you know what they are.
Chet was here at night at clock by the way.
Chet was here at night at clock doing her job not making excuses and blaming other people for her whatever she does wrong.
Like eating too much.
And who the hell am I to what?
She would admit she eats maybe a little bit too much.
I'm so glad to be back here but you know what I don't want to overstate my welcome.
What a bunch of fakers.
Only on this station could these people get away with it.
You can't complain about the management on this station because generally speaking we don't have any.
What we have are a bunch of crisis.
What would you call them?
They're like firemen.
They come with their big hoses and put out the big fire.
But when we have like brush fires which is all the time, they can't be bothered with that.
It's kind of like when our fire alarm goes off.
Remember that time in the fire department which is right on the street and in the bathroom?
They're like a block just that.
They're like a block on a half away.
They don't care.
Let them burn.
This eating on your mush stop as soon as I'm done with the last one of these little burgers.
Little caboose.
They're good to that.
I know you don't believe that because you for whatever reason you just I guess it's because it's a pdl any client in your heart asked.
No I just don't.
Aren't you enjoying those chicken wings?
They have great wings.
Little John crazy John.
Is it a crazy John or little John?
Crazy.
And fire is the.
Talk.
Here's the fact it says what's this I heard about Paul Castan overriffing on the moment.
See he's doing that because he wants the guys job that's why he's doing it.
Those two are perfect for each other.
It says it would be a great radio if they teamed up and had a morning show.
Maybe they could have Joe Zagaki doing sports for them.
Gildi could do the weather in young Ron could do traffic and news be stupidest.
There you go the QM morning zoo.
With Ron and Paul, Mo and the Gildi, the all new super zoo.
And of course, don't leave him out.
Somebody sends me a little cartoon.
Mo without the muskwrap.
Shameful.
Probably I tied direct at it in a spare time.
I still don't see that correct copy that's supposed to be coming in here.
Do you?
I don't see you.
Here's our poll for today.
And I knew we'd sooner later get around to it.
Look at that.
Eric being right on top of things and not wanting to feel left out.
We know you're very busy.
Eric, okay.
I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you.
No, no.
What is that?
That's that light.
Look what he put on the pool.
Can you see it in there or not?
The last choice on the pool is supposed to be.
This is for who we want to be at the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004.
The last choice is, I don't care they all suck.
So he writes, don't care they all suck big donkey and elephant.
And of course, I can't say the last big f**ts.
Okay.
Get that off of there.
See now.
Now remember he called you before the show?
How come Al Gore is not in there?
He's not running, Eric.
Al Gore is not running.
He announced that he said it in his wooden way.
He said he's not running.
That's why he's not in the pool.
So he obviously is getting frustrated and he feels left out.
And Eric wants to be more of a part of the show.
So he's like interjecting his own crap.
Which it was very good when he put this stuff on the other day about the right wingers
and about that stuff on air, about how predictable it said them and so on.
And feel free to free the pool and help our gay agenda.
That was cute.
But don't overdo it, Eric.
Don't mess with my pool.
Just like the water Nazi says, don't mess with my log.
And I noticed that she's still not doing the log.
She got her asses to now.
What does she do all day?
I don't know what's going on over there.
Oh, I forgot.
What she does now.
She's got that little that hearing device.
Like the one they were using on small villas the other night.
She's got those bugs that she's got all the rooms.
She goes around to building monitoring.
What's happening?
She's the spy.
The water Nazi.
So anyway, let me cast my vote on here and give it the pool for today.
Who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004?
Here's my list.
Here's the pool.
Take it or leave it, Eric.
And quit putting a bunch of filthy stuff on our pool.
John Kerry, Howard Dean, Joe Lieberman.
Oi!
Dick Gethart, John Edwards, Gary Hart, Chris Dodd, Al Sharpton.
I don't care if I'll vote for Bush regardless or don't care they all suck.
That's the pool.
Now I put people on there who either are definitely going to run or might run like Chris Dodd.
And who's the other one?
I think that was the only one.
The other ones have all the rooms.
Yeah, Linda LaRouche, he's a douche, which one of those?
So there's the pool for it and already we got the...
Oh, Al Sharpton's got a vote.
Very amusing.
A lot of stuff here, maybe McDonald's suit was thrown out.
And that's a good thing.
I'm sick and tired of people that are...
You know what, it reminds me of it's like Todd Dreckett.
It's the same thing.
See how it all ties in?
People will all want to take responsibility for their own actions.
So they're soon McDonald's for their kids obesity.
Who's forcing them?
Who's holding a shot under their head and making them take them to McDonald's, okay?
In fact, if they are taking their kids to McDonald's,
somebody ought to be holding a shot under their heads.
If he asks me, shame on you.
And of course, most parents are just like, you know, it's like other fat people
like he's telling their philosophy is it's not important in life that you succeed
but that your fat friends feel.
That's their philosophy.
Like Fat Boy, for example, he wants the whole world to be at least as fat as he is
and hopefully bigger, waddling around on walkers and wheelchairs.
Which is why his family looks the way they do the fat family.
So for anybody in this building to be making comments about fat people, except me,
I'm the one who... it's right in my contract.
I can talk all I want about fat people.
What is that?
Oh, look at that. We got a new copy for Fast Train.
Woo!
Mark it down in your calendar's, boys and girls.
Thank you, Miguel.
The lovely Miguel just brought me a new piece of copy.
I mean, it's the same old stuff but nevertheless, it's a new piece of copy from Todd, the Dreck Man.
He's an asshole.
You bet.
Amen. Well said.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Now, you see the song of the dance that we had to go through just to extract from this man
a simple piece of copy for probably one of the best accounts we got of this radio station
that spends a crap load of money on this show and all the shows on this station.
Killed he does this spot? Well...
Nothing's perfect.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Don't talk about your mouth. My mouth is full.
Hey, we do have ventriloquist act.
McDonald's suit thrown out.
The lawsuit was filed against McDonald's last summer sought unspecified damages.
But, saying the law is not intended to protect people from their own excesses of federal drugs
throughout that class action suit against McDonald's food for obesity, diabetes, other health problems for children.
And you know something that's really hypocritical?
How come?
And haven't I always said this about the food people?
If it's okay to sue the tobacco companies for people with lung cancer and the emphysema they got from smoking faggots,
how come it's not okay to sue the food?
See, there is no difference.
It says right in the package of cigarettes, you're going to get cancer, you're going to get emphysema,
it's going to hurt like hell, you're going to die, wicked nasty death,
and you're still smoking a faggots.
What about the alcohol?
And don't tell me about the nicotine and the addictive factor because believe me,
there's nothing more addictive than refined carbohydrates.
Believe me when I tell you right now.
Believe me?
So believe me.
I believe you.
God damn it.
Man am I whipped up today about this crap.
It's too much of a tharjic here, that's the problem in this town.
It's like that's a game last night.
Yeah, you know.
At least we got a good usher now.
Thanks a lot pal, whoever my usher is now.
I've got rid of that silly old fart.
Talk about a bad herpes.
And I think that other guy, the bad usher, I think his hair is real, but it looks like a herpes.
You know what I mean?
He's like brindle brown.
Like real like a guy from like the 1930s.
I bet he wears plaid underwear.
12 minutes after you're 10 at 560, it probably long johns.
560 WQAM.
If you've outgrown your home, if your family's getting bigger, if you need more room for some stuff at home,
like an office, a nursery, a sewing room, or maybe a new master bedroom, maybe a new bat room.
In fact, if you get a new bat room, Carlos would like to be invited to like take a little shower in your sink.
I was going to say in the tub, but that would be getting a little carried away.
You don't want Carlos and your tub, believe me.
Either one of them.
Oh, the two of them in there together, I can see that.
Anyway, when you need more space for your place, call our guys at strictly additions.
What a scene.
That's even more disgusting than PD Lenny Humpen, Fat Boy in a hallway.
Strictly additions is the one stop shop, more space for your place, place where they worry for your approach,
to a spaniard living space.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
I believe it happened.
Call the police.
The polyman, he's got the pictures.
Anyway, our friends at strictly addition show up when they say they were likely to be in Georgia's house.
You won't have any hidden charges.
They're the experts at pulling permits.
So the work gets completed on time the right way.
And now for the new year, you can use your income tax return to get the work done.
All of you folks out there shopping for new homes.
Why go through all of that trouble?
By the time you sell, buy, close, and move in, you might as well just pull some equity out of your current home and call strictly additions.
You'll pay for a new addition to a home you already love.
Call strictly additions today at 9.5.4.79918100.
That's 9.5.4.79918100.
They're licensed. They're insured professionals.
Call them for a free estimate.
Talk to Craig or Patrick.
9.5.4.79918100.
Strictly additions will save you time.
Lots of money you won't have to move to improve.
Get a whole new house with the same address call 9.5.4.79918100.
For strictly additions today.
5.00.6.6.6.
The radius of yours is 2.00.6.
2.00.6.6.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
5.00.6.
Miss Cleo, whatever the hell she was, screaming, whatever.
And we'll have a picture of them side by each,
and then you can see what our little putty
Carlos looks like, and what the real freak looks like out there.
In fact, you can even take a nude picture
of the real freaking Carlos, and they can count all of the body
periods.
One of the major differences is that this Carlos
has the piercings on his face.
Yes.
The other one has them in many places, including his other body
parts that we certainly don't want to mention on your penis.
In fact, the rumor is he's going to be
duffs first guest on penis talk this weekend.
Lida.
Yeah.
Lida, thank you so much.
Take me to your Lida.
I'll pass.
Unfortunately, on the way out to the elevator every day,
one o'clock, I have to encounter that creature.
Hi, poodle.
You know, one of those stereotypes.
Remember that dark, complex, I got called in yesterday
about fags, stereotypes, and I started
talking about black stereotypes, and we both
agreed that it's very unfortunate.
Because we all suffer from these stereotypes.
People go out in their way to act really, really,
in whatever stereotypical way it is.
Yes.
You know what I'm saying, poodle?
See.
Hello, kitty.
Man.
Yeah, see, that's another benefit of not
being in a building.
Oh, I'm going to tell you something,
doing the show from outside the specter.
I'd rather like to do it on the road.
Oh, and speaking of on the road.
I've done it on the road.
It's a special thing.
Oh my god, I leave here.
Yesterday I drive up the Hershey Highway
to the corner of the intersection of 441
a county line road getting ready to make my left turn.
And there's a crazy guy.
That's new.
There is a wait.
There's a crazy guy with a sign, hungry, no work.
I'm talking about certifiable.
He's like dancing up and down.
People are like a scared of him.
About 16 people ran to light just to get away from him.
And I'm sitting there on, I couldn't make it.
So I'm first in line and he's like all over the place.
And I look in my rear view mirror on the other side.
And here's one of the homeless voice people.
And I talk to myself, which one has the Tony?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
What a country, man.
You can't even just pull up to a light out there in public.
I'm the roads that we pay our tax dollars
to build and maintain.
And these people are out there hassling us.
I've never seen anything like this guy,
even on the streets of Toronto.
Spare some change, mister.
You know, I mean, that crowd.
They're like very calm compared to this.
This guy, it looked like he had like green,
like a St. Bite is dancing his pants.
He was just a wild man.
And he was like, you know, he belonged.
And seriously, he needed some help.
He need to be institutionalized somewhere.
And he's out there in a corner, 441, a county line road.
In the road.
Hey, another day's gone by and a lot of you folks are still underpaid
and stuck in a real sucky job.
If you're looking for a high-paying career,
you just call fast-trained tool free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's what Todd Rex is.
If you enroll now, you can be certified
in another way to a new high-paying job by April.
In no time at all in a heart speed.
Yes, if you can commit three nights a week, fast-trained
can have your certified as a computer professional by this April.
So call fast-trained at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Fast-TRAIN offers job placement, easy financing,
day-nighter weekend classes.
And as far as where you live, well, no problem
because they've got four convenient locations in Miami,
Kindle, Pemberpines, and now in Fort Lauderdale.
Just one simple call.
You'll be on your way to a great new exciting career.
Say goodbye to your dead-end job that crappy,
measly paycheck every week or two.
And call fast-trained to get you on a way
to a really meaningful high-paying career.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN or check them out of the web
if you like it, fast-trained.com.
We're supporting you 5-6-TRAIN.
U-A-M.
And I'm Bob Fner.
The commercial you're about to hear
has been adolescentally subjected to a moronic series
of edits and changes with no adorf and authorization
by the original advertiser.
We apologize, however, stand by our mission
to make everything that is good and decent
look as ridiculous as possible.
Are you ready?
We're ready to you, one-8!
We won it!
Are you pumped?
We're pumped!
We're ready to bend over!
Yeah!
Whatever you do to get up to the game,
stay up with Gabe Tarey.
I said bend over!
Yeah!
Gabe Tarey, the break of gay athletes everywhere.
10-31 at 5-60.
WQM, happy Thursday, two at the Mad Dogs.
Coming up at 1 to Humber from San Diego
in a Super Bowl at 3 o'clock.
For a good hotline from the HEC Center,
seven to eight, we got the big ol' Orlando Alzegari.
And he's another big one.
He's not, I don't know.
I haven't seen him in a long time,
because he's like real fat.
He's fat.
He's slightly fat.
Pudgey.
Pudgey.
Pudgey.
Hey, we got Pudge on him, Arlons.
Any K-10 o'clock from GA and Joe and Mark overnight
who really pissed us off the event.
George was foaming at the mouth about it by, uh, huh?
By messing with our pool.
We don't like that.
You know, we have enough problems
with outside people with nasty people,
sticking with our pool.
But to have Joe Costello in there on an ego thing,
have a people for that.
I'm sure that's what I was talking about.
It was what?
Dirty lie, I'm sure.
No, it was not.
Oh, okay.
Guaranteed, I'd bet you your life on it.
How's the pool coming today?
We're gonna apologize to Bob Graham
and all of his van supporters in the cows and Miami Lakes.
But, in fact, that we left him off.
How can I have done that?
Huh?
Do you know where Graham Dury drives?
Since she wanted us people to pull us.
I mean, the Graham family has got so much money.
I mean, she, but, you know, I'll be honest with you.
As much as I could tell my story about the gun
and the briefcase when I interviewed him on W's News
ago, that's kind of a cute story.
But I won't.
Maybe I will.
It just goes to show you, Bob,
the only reason that you're still around right now
is because I like you and you're not a bad guy.
Your secret service.
Pretty weak, baby.
Pretty weak.
Anyway, we'll get to that later.
Who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate
in 2004?
We're taking a poll because everybody else is now.
Because, you know, other than blowing up the world
in Iraq and North Korean stuff like that in Al Qaeda
and your mama, other than those things.
And people being out of work and the economy
being much worse than anybody's letting on.
Other than those things, there's nothing going on.
Besides, of course, the clone babies.
See, that's another thing that I find just appalling.
Unacceptable.
Channel 4 News was added again last night.
I would give them up if I had an alternative.
Do you have any idea how unprofessional the news is
in this market how bad it is?
Yeah.
It's almost as unprofessional as the beast.
That's how bad it is.
That's pretty bad.
I do like Steve Wolfward and what's the chick that's on
around the F5 30, I think?
I don't know, man.
Then they got the nerve to show us promos for Angel Array,
the fact that she's doing it in the morning.
See, if I was you guys to channel 4, I'd keep it a secret
because nobody's up at 5 in the morning
and nobody would know, he just comes on and goes,
ha, ha, ha, ha, like that.
One day soon, she's going to fall backwards in her chair.
Good God.
Nice job in the earth, by the way, Angel.
She lasted shorter than Mr. Rigo.
About two minutes.
118 votes.
Don't care.
They all suck 31.
Don't care.
I'll vote for Bush regardless, 20.
Well, you gotta understand the rest of them are
like chopped up.
It's divided.
Bob Graham has moved into first place
in spite of his late addition on the pool.
15 votes for a BDI Bob, who has been good the last few months
in spite of that idiotic comment.
I thought that the Jim DeFedion hero was going to be
a good comment.
Do you read that?
He ripped Bob Graham because he keeps it diary every day.
He made the sarcastic crap about him.
This is the one guy who's had the balls to say,
hey, forget about it.
We got more of these damn,
uh, his blah people here in America were waiting
to blow us all the pieces and you're not even paying
any attention to it.
Was your, huh?
Right.
He had some balls, BDI Bob.
Anyway, he's got 15 votes.
John Kerry's got 14, one of which was mine, of course.
I just changed again.
Don't care they all suck 32.
I'll vote for Bush regardless, 24.
Graham 17, Carrie 15.
Howard Dean has got nine.
Howard Dean?
I don't know how he's from Jimmy, you know,
he's from Vermont.
Al Sharpton nine, Janet Wood seven dick,
Gebhard six.
Jew Lieberman five, Gary Hart's got four.
Chris Dodd, the senator from Connecticut,
who probably would be the best of all,
but he hasn't said he, he might just run.
You like Chris Dodd?
Okay.
You even know who that is.
I've seen him, I just haven't heard enough out of him.
Christopher Dodd is one of the,
see he's too liberal,
and plus he's from a small New England state.
I say Christopher Dodd is great.
He's articular.
He's a great speaker.
He's like right on all the issues where we are,
and you know, living and breathing people are.
Well, then I like him a lot.
There you go.
I am.
What, what, what, what's the point?
But there, there's a sad list parade of people
that he got part of an endless parade.
You tell me that Howard Dean and John Edwards
and these other and Al Sharpton
are in the same category with Chris Dodd.
No, but I'm not going to take the,
good God.
I've listened to all their pussies.
Good God, Chris Dodd.
What an ugly old bod.
And there's something wrong with this time.
I'm sitting there, I think it finally dawned on me.
I think I had an awakening at the hockey game last night.
I had like a, some kind of internal and test and experience.
Sitting there in the midst of these people,
most of whom haven't got the foggiest idea
or interest of what's going on around them,
not all, but most,
and Washington bounce that he bouncing out there
with T-shirt, a bit on roller skates.
And nobody says, and of course,
our great columnist here in his town,
the same old two hacks, the same young two hacks.
We've had for a, since day one, David J. Neil A
with his Hussage Shaco and Michael Russo,
another fat podwacker.
I'll get another to say about it.
The only thing that little sarcastic line
they'll put in there about an announced crowd
of 13,000 and so.
If there were 13,000 people in that arena last night,
I'll give you $20 million cash right now, okay?
13,000, my, if they included all the people
across the street chopping of the sobrest,
it still wasn't 13,000 people.
Plus not to mention the number of thousands upstairs
that they all got in for free.
I had people come down and tell me that they're,
they were just huge groups of people got in for free.
They didn't know they got to do it.
I understand they're trying to get some people in the stands,
but you're never gonna make the money back, Alan Cohen,
by letting everybody in for free.
You know what it doesn't look as embarrassing?
It's having a whole empty place.
It was an embarrassing.
Keep in mind that Ottawa is the best team in the league, okay?
An exciting young team, great team.
Of course you couldn't tell that when they're skating
on like cement.
You ever try to roll a tie, skate on cement?
Yeah, that doesn't work.
That's what they were trying to do.
You can see Rutsen, there is deepest as fat boys,
fat ass, big crevasses in the ice.
That, how nobody cares, but he fed my, hey,
we look pretty good, looks pretty boring.
I don't know, you paired you, wake up, wake up, God damn it.
What?
This is a place where things aren't what they are.
You know what I'm saying?
Every place else, like any place else you go.
Now cheeseburger is a cheeseburger.
Here, a cheeseburger is paradise, as Mo would say.
You know what I'm saying?
Everything is something other than what it really is here.
This is Lala Land, it's a fantasy place.
It's a goddamn fantasy place.
I'm sitting there, I'm seeing what I'm seeing,
I'm watching what I'm watching, and like, I don't know.
They don't get it.
How about that R Kelly, huh?
He likes to sing all those hymns, but he likes the hers better, I guess.
He doesn't do that, he likes the young hers, according to what they all age.
He's innocent.
Singer faces new porn charges.
R&B star, R Kelly was arrested, in Miami yesterday morning on a new child,
Porno charge, just as the Grammy award winning singer was making a comeback
with his latest hit single.
Already facing child, Porno charges in Chicago.
Kelly is now accused of keeping 12 photographs of a nude girl
in one of his central Florida summer homes.
The latest arrest immediately created a buzz on South Florida Airwaves
as loyal fans defended the artist, while others expressed it as scust.
He was just starting to get in on the good graces, said Jerry Russian General Manager at James 99WEDR.
This will be a lot tougher for him to bounce back from.
He's disappointed some folks who believed in him.
Kelly, whose first name is Robert, was out on Badawayting Troll on 21 Council Trail pornography in Chicago,
where 30s viewed a videotape that allegedly shows him having sex with a 13-year-old girl, wasn't it?
In town, a shoot a music video for his new hit single Ignition,
Kelly was arrested at Cook on a Grove's Grand Eye, a Grand Bay Hotel on a Polk County Warrant Wednesday.
He was released from the county jail Wednesday after posting $12,000 bot.
Polk County investigators say they were arresting a 30s in Chicago with their investigation
when they came across the photo during a search at Kelly's Davenport home in June.
The digital photo show Kelly and other adult women and a young girl in sexual situations investigator said,
Regardless of your status with your celebrity or not, if you engage in conduct as outrageous as this,
you can expect to be thoroughly investigated and arrested, said Colonel Grady Judd of the Polk County Sheriff's Office,
engaging in sexual conduct with a child and photographing it as despicablely said.
Kelly who has a home in his Chicago area said he was not the man shown on the videotape,
like George just said jokingly.
Anyoddy-oddy-oddy-oddy.
Hot 105 program director Derek D.B. Brown said, though he's not playing the single ignition,
he won't take Kelly off the air for now.
As far as I'm concerned, he's innocent till proven guilty Brown said, noting fans,
overwhelmingly responded to a poll last summer saying they wanted to continue hearing Kelly's sultry voice.
Well, his voice never molested anybody.
No.
20 before he just makes a little kukku-kukku-kukku-kukkuing sounds.
Kukkuing.
Oh, look at this. Here's that. I don't know what this copy is.
Don't throw anything out.
Oh, please.
Let's see if I throw it out. I'll never get it back again.
That's the problem.
So even if it's not the right one, just do it next time.
20 before 11 at 560 WQM, sorry that we haven't taken any calls yet,
but you know what? Who the hell?
And we took that one.
I wasn't that crazy about it.
That woman with her hot pudge Sunday, whatever she was talking about.
Pudge.
Yeah, pudge.
Hey, I'll tell you where you can get some good chow and that's the animal coast.
They got three locations for you. You'll find one in sunrise.
That's the original South Florida location.
They're also in North Miami Beach and their newest location is in Pember Pines.
Start your mouthwatering experience with six different soups, then sample dozens and dozens and zillions of sucked on entrees.
Not just oriental goodies, but lots of other things too.
Surf and turf on weekends, New York strip steak made a word of their gourmet center,
a sizzling Asian grilled with teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken and seafood and hand-carb
primarily cooked to your order just the way you like it. It's amazing.
The animal coast buffet promotes healthy living too.
They don't use any crap, no MSG, no cornstarch, and no cholesterol, laden oils.
They only cook with the finest cholesterol free oils, and like I said, no crap.
They're buffet features of whole salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh room cocktail,
and animal coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
And if you have any room at all left over, I always tell you to bring that crow bar.
Have somebody else stick their hand in your pants, and pull the backlight a little bit in your waistline too.
To make room for the dessert bar, featuring pies and cakes, pastry, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
and fresh fruit, the perfect ending with unforgettable meal.
I tried that to hockey game last night.
Fruit with Marty Hevlet, putting my hands in his pants and he kind of backed away.
Animal coasts now with three locations in sunrise, pine island of 44th Street,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street, North Miami Beach,
and the intersection of flamingo and pember crores in prestigious pember pies.
Except for reservations, take out and deliver available as well.
And be sure and check out the new Oriental Chicken Salad 2 at the Animal Coast,
call 954-572-3822 for reservation information.
That's 954-572-3822, a place you can feast like a pig even if you're not one.
The Animal Coast Chinese buffet.
I'm in love.
This is sports 205-16.
You way, yeah.
Gus keeps getting bigger.
This new year, you can become a professional athlete.
Many people believe you have to be good at lots of things to compete,
but tray believes in doing one thing and doing it better than anyone else.
Introducing the tray junk in school of snapping.
Mr. Junkin, am I holding the ball right here?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, let's back it down with the questions.
I'm watching animals of the future on Animal Planet.
It's just that I paid $6,000 for the two hour class and I wanted to eat.
Hey, this is just all part of the process.
Pass me my Converge's high tops.
Will you?
Time for our field trips.
Are we going to the public giant stadium?
You know, practice on some field goals.
Well, actually, I thought we shoot over to the AMC multiplex and see hot chicks.
Huh?
We don't want to do that.
All right, all right.
We'll feed you from line.
That takes place on a football field and it's got a beat that is you.
It's the stadium seat.
No, no, no, no, no.
We want to be snappers, that bad.
Hey, let me tell you something.
I've been snapping for 30 years and I never practiced once.
Yes, occasionally some of my balls bounce and stay all over the head and a holder or go astray in some way.
Truth is, you never really have any significant role in the outcome of a game.
It's all poop.
Can't get you to show us something.
You know it's something.
All right, you want to see something?
All right, all right, come here.
Gather round.
All right, all right, but don't tell anybody.
This is just between us, all right?
It's the key to it all.
But that's a key.
Yeah, it's an actual key.
That's right, it's the key to my minivan.
Everybody buy it!
Let's go see Drumline!
The trade junk in school is snapping.
Hey, it's not like you can lose a game over a snap.
It's a 41 yard drive.
Three junk in the shopping.
Hey kid, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go get Mr. Junkett some more, two two beats, will you?
What?
I love this picture.
47 at 560 W. Kim,
remember what I told you before?
It's about smallville.
Oh, I like that.
Oh, that's the song?
I thought it was stuck.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
No, I'm not.
No, they played that on the show every week.
They played that on the show every week.
Maybe I'll go into the ass.
It's our 71 and tomorrow.
It's played on smallville every week.
Every week?
To show you how unperspectacious you are.
You better start paying a little bit more attention
to the important things in life, Mr.
because I know what I'm watching Tuesdays between 9 and 10.
I'm glued to that screen, literally and figuratively.
Elders?
Or super?
I'm watching real close super if you ask me.
Here's our facts of the day from Greg.
Boy, this is great to them.
I'm having such a good time without having a big for calls.
You know, we had one great call from that lady.
Huh?
Hey, we got punched.
Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man, oh, man.
This station is such a sports maggot magnet
that even a few women jocks nippers out there are calling,
hey, what do you think about Pudge?
And great player once upon a time.
If he was so good now, he wouldn't be here.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
It's like us.
If we were so good, we sure wouldn't be working here.
Here's Greg's facts today.
Not Greg read that is.
Our Greg.
I say our Greg because certainly nobody else wants to take credit for.
Maybe he was flown by the Iranians, you think?
Because he when he was down here,
we always said he was out of this world.
He says the following is an idea for a future poll.
Most important thing learned from Neil show over the years
that the general public didn't learn until it was too late.
He left one category off.
Greg is an asshole.
He left that one off of there.
Just a joke, Greg.
Just lighting up a little bit.
And we're certainly not talking about Greg read, although.
Anyway, he goes on to say I could give you a few examples,
but I'm just going to tell you the probable winner.
I first started listening to your program around 1991 or 1992.
You used to mention, of course, you'll do all the isolated incidents involved,
involving child molesting priests.
You would read the reports from all your different sources.
I would think of myself.
Is this really going on as much as Neil is saying it is?
I mean, back then you never heard about these stories in the media only on the New Roger show.
Last year when all these stories broke in the general public start learning what was really going on,
I told my wife that this was nothing new.
I've been hearing of these disgusting cover-ups for over 10 years on Neil's show.
Not only that, I've woken up.
And now question religion in general to that I say thank you since Greg.
Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that heartwarming?
Warves the cockles.
Does it bring cockles to the warmth of your heart? Well, Greg.
Here you go.
Pretty weak facts today, but you're welcome.
They all want to suck around, I guess.
Then what's wrong with that?
A lot. It's boring.
I'll give you an example.
As much as I love the mad dog and I really do.
This has nothing to do with him. It's just the nature of the callers.
Oh, Mr. Manage, it's such an honor to talk to you. I'm such a big fan here.
I mean, as soon as I hear that, the CD goes plunging deep into that crevice in my car dash.
Do you own a sand?
It is the worst of the the the knee licking bootlicking ass sucking just awful.
And of course, it's a substitute for actually having something to say or talk about.
And it's not helping the show.
Not at all.
Not at least it because everybody else just like me is saying,
ah, gee enough of the suck and all right.
And we're going somewhere else for like a little entertainment, a little amusement.
Right?
Right.
Not that we ever find it.
And this, this has got to be this story, I think, is what life is all about in America today.
Makes no sense to me.
Maybe you out of the audience could explain it to me.
Consumer state claim for CD settlement.
And I've seen this on television and I sit there looking at it and I scratch the big and the
getting larger by the moment hole in my head, asking myself, how can this possibly be?
Al sunshine comes on Channel 4 news.
There's another one I can't stand on there even though I do out Channel 4.
Him and Elliot Rodriguez.
Oh, the two of them make my skin crawl.
I even like the weather for it compared to them.
You got to do it like this.
Like, so I signaling a first down in the football game, waving the ham hot.
The time I hot shot with a big fat arm.
Al sunshine.
And he's talking about, well, you can get your, if you bought a CD between 1995 and 2000,
you can get a $5 to $20 refund.
Per CD?
No.
No.
And to file a claim, you go to www.musiccdcettlement.com.
Or for a formula for a lot, they got a toll free number.
Do you have to have proof of purchase?
No.
Do you have to show them in any way, shape or form, they have your body even one CD?
No.
You just fill out a claim that could be his money.
All right.
Yeah.
So everybody out there in the audience, here you go.
It better hurry because it's a, it says the money is there, but only if people would take it.
But not too many else to cover enough dry.
I mean, this is the most idiotic, jackassical thing I've ever heard in my life.
As the result of a giant settlement agreed to by the country's top music distributors and retailers,
anyone who bought a CD, cassette or vinyl record.
Between 1995 and 2000 is eligible for a $5 to $20 refund.
No strings attached.
As of yesterday, almost a million people, 36,000 of them plus from Florida had vied for a piece of the pie,
but there's enough in the kitty for more than eight times as many to lay claim.
The fee, the free cash is they fruit of $142 million antitrust settlement that the big five record labels,
along with the three leading retailers agreed to pay less September, after attorneys general for 43 states accused them of price fixing
and ripping off buyers.
Attorney generals from Florida and New York were the lead Coke councils representing the states,
and music consumers from all 50 states are eligible for a cut of the prize.
Under the settlement, $75.7 million worth of CDs will go to nonprofit groups, charities, libraries and schools.
Consumers who bought music between 1995 and 2000 will divvy up $67.3 million.
Less the attorneys fees and the cost of advertising, they pay out roughly $44 million will be left.
The settlement is to pass final must of accord in Maine, which will revisit the suit in May.
Now here you go.
Consumers can get $5 to $20 each per person, not for every album purchased, depending on how many people stake a claim.
In other words, it's TBA to be an author.
In Florida, the number of claimants is doubled in the past, to which Florida Attorney General's Office is intended by the upwards by immediate attention.
The Attorney General's Office has sponsored TV and radio spots, flaking the offer and plans to run more.
No proof of purchase is necessary to reap the suite if modest reward.
All people need to do is fill out an online form, consumer lawyers insist the side of secure or contact the settlement's administrator.
The set of the cut-off date is March the 3rd, okay?
No proof of purchase is necessary.
You just have to say, I crossed my heart and hoped that I promise.
I bought a CD, I bought a record, I bought a cassette.
Do you follow me?
All the way to the bank, and they'll send you between $5 and $20.
Now you don't think anybody would lie to get that money, do you?
I don't have to.
So what is it?
That's right, I bought a bunch.
Carlos, do you buy any?
Carlos bought, he said he bought thousands, and he wants $5 to $20 for each one.
Thousands, not to mention the other 50,000 he downloaded from Windmix.
For free.
See what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
I'll bet you do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, maybe the audience can explain this to me because I don't understand.
I'm at a loss.
I'm just lost.
In other words, anybody in their brother can say, oh, I bought a CD, even if you don't want a CD deck.
Right.
Even if you don't know what it is.
Do you know who's running spots on TV now at radio station?
I give up.
Classical music, that's okay.
Oh yeah, it's all the other day.
Are you ready for that?
And of course, it sounds real good on your TV because if you have good speakers or good TV, it's in stereo.
You're hearing beautiful, classic, but of course on KAT, it's a...
It kind of has that in behind the Mozart and Bach and Brahms and Beethoven.
Like that, in behind.
Nice going to Howard, Prima Boy, a suckersbore, every minute man.
Glad you found a good one.
10, 56, and 5, 60, WQM.
You're going to have a great new mattress for you in your back.
In fact, if you can't afford it, fat boy, I think I'll buy one for you.
Maybe not.
Huh?
What do you say?
Let's have fat boy buy everybody on some brand new mattress and dollar mattress.
He's making a big box.
Plus he ain't going to be around long anyway.
What's he going to spend it on?
And he's not going to leave it to his family because it's fat as they all are.
They're not going to be around long either, right?
The fat family usually winds up as the dead family.
We wish them all the best.
The odds aren't looking too good for them, but we wish them all the best.
Anyway, when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be talking to some people and reading all their stuff inside it out.
Expert bed and consultants will recommend the perfect bed for you.
Whichever name brand you prefer, they got all the top names.
Ceely, Sura, Simmons, King Coral, and every size and style.
And they have exactly the one you're looking for in stock this moment.
Ready for immediate delivery when they get to your home,
which is exactly when you want them there any to our window.
You choose the day in the time.
Seven days a week.
They take away the crappy old bedding.
They set up the brand new bed and believe you me, you and your back will feel a hell of a lot better for it.
Because if your old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out, if it's time to say goodbye to it,
your back will tell you.
You're going to feel like crap.
So if you want to get you a great night's sleep every night tonight and for years to come,
call right now the experts at dial amatris.
You can't get a better deal all the way around.
1-800-MATRUS, MATTRES, 1-800-MATRUS for dial amatris.
Fly in local.
We're sports radio 560-2-A-M.
And do I like that?
John F. M. Attaxi, Carnaval, Tert. Driver, Central Park.
You look that mean so quesically.
I could tell she was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug to speak English and a mom.
I went down to my arm and we'd swear the weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but I got their talks real funny.
I asked them for a pint of Folsom Beamy's ass.
No, at the end of what does that mean?
The butter's too English and a mom.
That cornered Delhi.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English, melee.
Or you can go back to La Rance.
I came here many years ago.
Learn my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
No but I speak English.
I love it.
I love that.
I could play that from that old one o'clock.
Here's the information you're looking for.
I know George and Carlos are both frantically checking out this website.
Be sure to get your thing in there early because they've only got enough for like eight times the amount they've given that already.
I think you'll get yours.
Anyone who bought a CD between 1995 and 2000 is eligible for a $5-$20 refund.
Even if you got only one.
To banana, it's only in not like for each your CD but one time deal.
To file a claim, go to this website, www.musiccdcentlement.com
or they've got a toll free number where they'll send you a formula.
You can lie.
1-877-347-4782.
You don't have to have a receipt.
They'll take your word for it, which shows you how stupid they are.
1-877-347-4782.
Here's a chance for free money.
Don't forget the deadline's March turrets.
You've got plenty of time.
Look at that.
For your free CD, a money, $5-$20.
He says he'll take it.
We'll put that on him.
What are we going to do about that?
Since the print is too small, you can actually do it from the Harold.
It's in the Harold business section on the first page but it's too small.
On the site, it's too small.
How big your print.
When you go to their site, their website is Kakah, the Harold.
The worst newspaper.
Now when you say the worst newspaper, they have the worst, huh?
The claim site.
They get your free money site.
Oh, I see.
I see.
So in other words, the better idea is to call the toll free number
and they'll send it to the form.
Because you've got plenty of time.
You've got all of the rest of January, all seven days, eight days,
and you've got all of February.
So just call that toll free number.
They'll send you form.
In fact, I think a really good idea is to have everybody in the family fill out a form.
Right?
They have no way of knowing you.
Does it say an age limit in here?
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
It says all people need to do is fill out a, it doesn't say anything about your age.
Because kids buy CDs and records.
Why can't they get their money back, right?
There's a whole thing on there that I can't read.
If more than 8.8 million people sign on bringing the payout below five bucks per person,
consumers won't get the cash and states will have to decide what to do with a lot of it.
What is that?
Well, how they're going to do that?
If more than 8.8 million people sign on bringing the payout below five dollars per person,
consumers won't get the cash and states will have to decide what does that mean.
Carlos says he'll take $4.99.
He don't need to buy a bucks.
He'll take a $452.
He'll take a dollar.
He'll take a Canadian dollar, a loony.
Anything.
Well, give it a shot.
It sounds like a scam to me.
It sounds like they're trying to do a dog and pony show and then they'll say,
oh, we had 50 million people sign in and as a result, you're not going to get squat.
But give it a shot.
It'll kill some good time.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hang your arms down.
Okay.
I have a question about one of your sponsors about the Pompato Motor Track.
Yeah.
When do they have the pre-schedding dinner again?
Next Monday, February 2.
I mean, are we from next Monday?
Is it the coming of the drink?
What is it?
Is it the coming of the soda?
Hell no.
If I ain't your own soda, Cheapskate.
Does it come with a soda?
You ready for that?
This sounds like a younger guy, too.
Hey, you're already ready for win more and the other place over there.
What's the other one?
Whatever that is.
Pompato.
Does it come with a soda?
Do you come with a soda?
Sometimes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for what I mean about the calls, I'm on a roll here today.
And I interrupt myself with very important stuff we're passing along
and a lot of psychosis going on in this end of the microphone.
And the first call we have is, I'm crap.
About to succumb with a free soda, Pompato Pork.
You know, Dick Fiverr says he'll personally take one of them a horsewhip
to borrow Mickey McNichols and pound the daylights out of you
if you show up next Monday.
Plus it's a week from next Monday, anyway, it's February 3rd or second.
Whatever that day is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
John Butter.
Pimark Pines.
Hello.
I'm crazy.
Wow.
There you go.
We're back to the callers again.
And you wonder why I went for seven months and didn't take a call and enjoyed it so much?
Yeah, I wonder.
Yeah.
I mean, I realized the first two hours today were nothing like these last three calls we've had.
Which is why the show is still on the air.
I mean, all the things that I've talked about here in these two hours,
including this latest thing that I'm confused about that we'd like to have a little input,
all of this stuff.
The McDonald's suit being thrown out even though they say it's okay to sue the tobacco companies.
So, evidently, the people are smoking.
It's legal to sell cigarettes, but if you die from the disease even though they warn you,
then you can sue them for doing it.
But the food company is a different story.
And you want to know why?
Because the food companies like McDonald's spend millions and billions advertising on the network
and newspapers, where a cigarette people can't advertise on TV anymore.
See what I'm saying?
No.
Yeah, you do, of course.
Here's a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Hey, dude.
I'm going to vote on your poll that I got to do with with those X-apays.
Yeah.
Is there anything I can do?
No.
Oh.
Is this amazing?
We hit the jackpot today.
We hit the jackpot.
Oh, man.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, it's only one call left on the board anyway, and that's it.
That's probably a great tip.
Here's Kendall.
Three of us are yours now.
Yeah.
Get the gacky sucks.
They wanted the calls back.
Keep that in mind, okay?
Those seven months of those bedtime stories, man, that was really bad.
And like Pety Lenny said, oh, thank God you're taking calls again.
That shows you right there what I always said about him.
Another programming genius, a maven.
Maybe we can put Paul Castronova and young Ron on here in midday.
They could really spice it up a little bit.
What do you think, huh?
Really do it.
No.
Moving right along.
How's that pool coming?
Who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004?
238 votes.
Don't care.
They all suck 61.
Bob Graham, a late edition.
And we apologize for that 43.
Don't care.
Alvo for Bush.
Regardless 39 16.3%.
John Kerry 30.
John Edwards 20.
Al Sharpton 14.
Howard Dean 10.
Dick Hemart 7.
Joe Lieberman.
Joe Lieberman's got six.
Gary Hart's got six.
And Chris Dodd, four Christods only got two.
Because George has no idea who that is.
Here's a call from Evan Ture, hello.
Nelson.
How are you?
What can I do for you, sir?
What's going on here?
What can I do for you?
I saw your buddy Ty's Iraq last week.
Yeah.
He's a nice guy.
Why do you even put your hard time?
567, 0560, pound 566 on the AT&T.
It's so sad.
Here we are at the last 10 minutes trying to revitalize the phone again,
takes and calls, give you people a one calls an opportunity that's the vent your thing.
Have we had one real call?
No.
In fact, even going back to the first call to a woman about Pudge, not one.
Not a one.
And like I said, you people like go to those hockey games don't ever come bitching to me again
because I've tried to 75,000 times in the last 10 years.
You haven't got a clue what's going on there.
They could be playing on leather.
They could be skating on leather.
On Pete Lenny's face.
And you still wouldn't know the difference.
Oh, what's he talking about?
He's always complaining.
You know, it's never good enough for him.
Right, okay.
Whatever you say.
Here's a call from Miami.
We know this one's going to be great.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I went to my first hockey game a couple of weeks ago.
Yes.
And I got to see Peter War Elskate.
And he looks like a newborn horse that's first trying to get on his legs.
Yeah.
He just absolutely cannot skate at all.
Yeah, no kidding.
One other thing.
By the way, I prank my hobbit chain, playing the name, or either.
There's another bulletin for you.
There you go.
Another one that you forgot to add to your bulletin couple of days ago.
No, no, no.
We're not doing a poll about the businesses.
See, that's it.
It had nothing to do with hockey or Peter War Elsk.
Anything else?
All this guy wanted to do was call and add more crap about businesses that are not.
You people are pathetic.
I don't want to tell you how many people have been calling you.
Oh, my God.
Let's do that again.
All right.
They liked it.
Tomorrow.
No, today.
10 past 11.
Why?
You don't think it would beat the calls we've had in the last 10 minutes?
It would beat something.
It would beat us with a stick is what it would do.
I like my phone.
This is 440560.
You can wear two, A, and O.
Don't believe it.
Coming up tonight on Inside Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile
Story.
We take it good.
Hard.
Steve.
Look and start.
Their name was a goof on one of the world's greatest religious leaders.
So f**king them if they tanked.
They were Jesus' children.
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ!
It has been eight seconds since my last confession.
I took the Lord's name and they in, please forgive me.
Jesus' children's front of their own, my God words, has been beg in the Lord's forgiveness continually since 1991,
when his career went into the s*** thereafter only one hit.
Please let me have a hit again.
Hey, I changed the name of the banter. Jesus is the best!
Wasn't that good? You forgive me now?
Oh, yes, Mr. Edwards is a s*** case.
I've been hearing his confession every 20 minutes and it's night he knew he won.
Father Edmund McMick was happy to break the sacred bounds of his confessional for a hundred bucks and a sound bite on basic cable.
But you know these rock stars, the way they abuse their stand in the community.
That's all right, Jesus. You can go ahead and get dressed now.
And an rare moment of madness, teaching his creator for redemption.
Jesus Jones, my God words, offered this analysis.
Look, I know I said right here, right now there is no other place I'd rather be he while I was f***ing lying.
This sucks!
Jesus Jones, they probably shouldn't get around with Buddha or something instead.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing wit look at Jesus Christ tonight, an inside the mind.
11th 16th, I got a major announcement today that I'm suing George for letting me eat those burgers this morning and they made me sick as hell.
Man, I feel like death boiled over. I wonder nobody wants to talk to me, I wouldn't either.
They don't even know how I, I mean they just can't, maybe it's going through the radio, you know they can smell it.
Oh, I blame it on Carlos, he's the one that brought him in here.
Right, Newton.
Newton?
Stuck him in the nuke, should've stuck his head in there to my Buddha melt to that damn stupid ring and it's not the right way.
I brought the pieces for you, right size morsels?
Oh, God!
Man, oh man.
At Wayne Ardle they got the Neely Burger and little crazy Jones got the Meely Burger.
You Meely mouth?
Yes, so I'm going to sue somebody for doing that to me.
In fact, I'm going to sue Peter Lenny for bringing those in the first place.
I'm sure that when they come hot off the grill, that it's a real thrill, you know what I'm saying?
But once they've been like warm boiled over like that, old warmed over stuff, like cashewnovas material, all old warmed over stuff.
Anyway, Miguel says he's delighted to be able to help you out with the number for the CD refund.
His direct light is...
No, I don't do that to him.
He's not a bad guy.
He just, you know, he's...
He's worn out from that new mattress.
He's getting a lot of activity on there.
Okay, you're just jealous.
And me too.
Here's the tool for you number 1-877-347-4782 or go to their website all the Miguel.
I mean, what's his name?
Same difference.
Carlos says that the print on there is so tiny.
Is it really?
Oh, man.
I could punch it up on here, but why bother?
www.musiccd.com
Musiccd.com or call toll free 1-877-347-4782 for a form to fill out and you can lie a lot.
Hello, let's face it.
I mean, how many people out there between 1995 and 2000 didn't buy at least just one?
That's all you have to have done is buy one or claim you have.
And if you've got a family of 10, there you go.
That sounds like 50 to 200 bucks.
It's better in your tax rebate, unless you're a multi-millionaire.
Here's...
I'm very important.
I submitted my claim.
Already?
Yeah.
Well, I thought you said it was too small to read.
I didn't say it was too small to read.
Oh, yeah.
I knew it was difficult to read.
I knew it if there's a...
Chinaman's, Tansen Hill, and there's any opportunity of you getting five to 20 bucks.
Just think of all the weed that'll buy.
Thought enough to fill a thimble.
Anyway, in reference to your program last Monday, because they're just not done with us.
We thought they were done, see?
We apologize for that profusely.
Wait, now when you stop looking, just bring it in here, Miguel.
Stop looking at it.
Mr. Radio Programming Expert, you can't help but what?
Looking at it.
Yeah, I bet.
Well, they're still ain't very impressive.
I mean, you know, so it was a crab.
It was a marginal book.
Let's see, 10 to 1.
Is it like...
Just a moment, please, folks.
Whistle the tune or something?
Whistle the happy tune.
Men 25, 50, v...
That's a good.
Not too impressive, I think five boys are every lost all our young men out there.
And why don't we sit in here talking to ourselves?
The young men of all...
Once I was on here reading all that crap for so much, they all band in the show.
Even though the three of you all lied and said you loved the bedtime stories.
They look like they've been doing the race.
If you would have said no, Neil, this really sucks.
You're gonna lose all the young men in the audience.
I said, okay, let's never do that again.
So you sabotage the show, probably more pay them off.
So here's the fact that says in reference to your program last Monday,
you asked a question concerning yours of the cock and bull restaurants.
I tried to call on Tuesday, but I have to be in a hole for an hour and 40 minutes.
My next class was starting.
I teach high school how to hang up.
The owner was Saul Tasker.
Absolutely correct, I remember that now.
And the son who helped him was Danny.
Danny ran to one of the joint in Hylia.
I grew up with him in Normandy, aisle on the beach.
I also had a list of more places for it that are no longer here since I've been here since 1924.
So maybe we'll have to ask Mr. Kaplan to have us out.
Or Jay, whatever's name is Jay Kaplan.
You think?
Since the audience obviously has got thousands and thousands more,
and the only thing that the callers are any good for is like contributing to a list.
A list, not opinions, not ideas, not thoughts, not critiques, not anything, but a list.
That's what we've degenerated to on talk radio and soft-flow.
Don't play me for it, that's the audience out there.
That's their material, okay?
Every day you sit down here in the audience says,
That's it, that's their repertoire, repertoire.
5, 6, 7, 8, so let's go back to that.
Let's just Schmidt can't all I got on my tabloid stuff here.
Bill Clinton, them insects therapy, Martha Stewart's monster movie.
Dr. Phil stressed out staffers are in therapy because of him.
They're all running around going,
Kelly Rippa stabs Regis in the back.
Some heavy duty and portante stuff here, but they don't want that.
They want to continue with that list, which you know what I'm thinking?
I'm thinking there isn't at least more than three years and ten months at that left.
Minus vacations, do you think?
I still think I had a great idea.
Just go get the old yellow pages and we'll mention and then we'll do a search
to see if they're still in business or not.
Just on the first page we can kill a month, don't you think?
At least.
Just on the art of arc and AAA limos, things like that.
Here's a call from Miami, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I want to contribute.
You left off General Wesley Clark from your list.
What's he running for?
President, will he's considering it?
He's a Democrat?
Yes sir.
Well that's right he is.
He's in small potatoes.
Well he's exploring it.
He was the NATO commander during the post-eval war.
No chance.
If you want we'll make you feel better if we put him on.
Yeah.
Okay.
You got it.
General Wesley Clark put him on.
I did see him.
They were asking him on the talking at night this weekend, the previous weekend.
They were going, but he said, yeah he's exploring it.
You're right.
Thank you sir.
See there's a thoughtful person.
Huh?
Most of these people don't know General Wesley Clark from Clark Kent.
From Wendell Clark.
You know Wendell Clark don't you?
Number 17, Maple Leafs.
Let's talk about some hockey.
What do you say?
Let's do a hockey show.
I'll call it.
Let's get rumor and gildy in here.
Anthony's pot band.
What do you say?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and T.
Now you know that next call is not going to be legit.
Here's Hi, Leah.
Hello.
See what I'm saying?
Why do you do that to yourself?
I don't really care, but you get so you take it so personal.
No, no.
You get so, yes.
Does he take it personal or not?
Just, just when I'm playing the bit there, you're sitting in there like hyperventilating like little mess about Miss Muffin.
Like somebody said that they don't occur to you.
What good is a bitch in it me about what you do?
Relax, relax.
Somebody don't, you're trying to rationalize the irrational, okay?
You're trying to make a mess of balls out of a stone.
You're trying to skate on cement.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got tons of material for you.
No, go ahead.
Did I hear you mention that you sometimes make the mistake of watching that I'm a show on MSNBC in the morning?
I have.
I mean, not in a long time.
I haven't done it, but once in a while.
You didn't catch any of it this morning.
No.
It's a little girl reporter that they keep in the room reported this morning that Jeff Striker has come out with a new country in Western Albuha.
If anybody had mentioned it.
No.
It's for real, apparently.
And you need to research it because she claimed that one of the hits was pop me in the pooper or something.
Pooping in the popper, yeah.
Pooping with your poppers.
But anyway, it's fun.
What is he now about 92, Jeff Striker?
I know.
That was real popular about 80 years ago.
Hit George to try searching for this download.
We might need to hear that song today.
Okay, well, work out of you.
It's my good might not be bad.
Sounds like it's right up George's alley.
Go ahead.
Don't get nervous.
My fingers out anywhere near it.
Listen, funny how I'm just can't see his way past ridicule and Clinton day after day after day.
But you ever hear him say a word about President Bobo?
I don't know because I don't listen to him.
I don't watch him anymore.
You know, watching a dead man in a chair doesn't really get me started early in the morning.
But here's something for us all to ponder.
Yes, sir.
Remember the golf or pain spurt?
Yeah.
Now that jet took off.
Remember what happened there?
Yeah.
And the thing was flying around in circles.
No, it was flying on all the way.
I know.
I know what you're saying, yeah.
And across the center of the country, they found that an F-16 was right next to it within 12 minutes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now how come...
How come we couldn't do that in New York?
And I got it.
Got you.
Okay.
I just want Peter Hals to know that all of us American golfers on the Ryder Cup team, we are Chinese too.
There you go.
Thank you, pain.
Here's that number again if you want to get your refund.
305.
No, it's just a joke.
56670567, that's our number.
56670560.
What did I say?
And pound 560 on the AT&T line.
I'm going to start giving out bogus numbers.
Here's Kendall.
Hey, Dale.
How you doing?
Okay.
All right.
I got a story for you.
I don't know if you're familiar with Miami Police Department policies.
Am I familiar with Miami Police Department policies?
What would that mean?
Okay.
Well, here's an example.
I went to a club for the first time down at Miami Beach.
Uh-huh.
And I was walking up to the club and I saw the bounces bringing out this Spanish guy.
Clean cut.
Like a guy.
And they were kind of roughing them up a little bit.
And then they gave him to the police.
And he put pictures here and stuff to say,
what was I doing?
And then the cops pulled out their sticks and they started hitting them.
And I thought you said Miami Police Department is.
This is Miami Beach.
Miami Police Department.
Miami Police Department.
It was down by the American Airlines Arena.
Okay.
Well, that's not Miami Beach.
Okay.
So, I see the cops hitting this guy.
He's going to get them to the ground and his arms are on the ground.
And the one cop still hitting them.
Yeah.
And then I say to my friend, I said it kind of loud.
I'm like, let's police brutality.
Yes, please brutality.
Yeah.
He's not even black.
Right?
And then the cops like, he's like, you shut up.
You shut your mouth.
And the bounces are like, oh, you're not getting in here today.
So I'm like, you know, I didn't know.
I'm sorry.
You know, I've never been here before.
They're like, that guy hit a girl in the club.
You know, regardless.
You don't bring the guy out and beat him.
So I went to my bunny and lie.
And I'm like, let me get the keys.
You know, what he want to do.
He's like, just stay here.
We'll get here.
Is there like a pointer in the end of this story?
Yeah, there is.
Okay.
So I followed up the line.
The cops never told me to leave or anything.
And then I turn around and the two cops are up on me.
He's a spare.
Okay, well, so I'm glad you had a good time.
567 or 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Why are the cops closed?
I'm making fun.
Cast the ways as it closed.
Why do you say it would such hostility in hysteria?
Because it's only 1 to 75,000 that we have to account for.
Oh, remember that because they were a sponsor.
And during that whole day, there were lots of people.
Oh, you're talking about that, Castaways.
I thought you were talking about the hotel.
I thought they tore down about 20 years ago.
Lots of businesses were being called up.
People saying that they're closed.
And then two minutes later, somebody would call and say, no, they're not closed.
But look at all the free publicity they're getting now.
Right.
Castaways isn't closed.
They're in Davy.
Yeah.
And they're great.
But they're not closed.
They're just not on our show anymore.
Right at the moment.
Who's the count?
Who's the count?
Who's the count?
Who's the count?
Adams, I think.
Oh, Adam.
He's a good guy.
He might follow up on that.
He might.
27 after 11 at 560 WQA.
You know, recently we had a delicious lunch in here.
What day was that?
Monday, Tuesday.
Tuesday, we had a great lunch from Flores.
Flores are still around.
Hey, you don't have to check the list to see who's being naughty and nice about Flores.
I think Flores is one of the last standing businesses there in that part of the neck of the woods right now.
They're off 79th in Biscayne.
And the reason that they're still around is because they build up a tremendous clientele over the years because of consistency.
Even though they've got some different people there now, they've brought back the same great quality that made them famous in the first place.
Every single item that comes out of Flores kitchen is made fresh to order just the way you love it.
From the homemade dough for the pizza and the garlic rolls to the fabulous sauces made fresh and never ever, God forbid.
That's never ever...
Oh, God.
...forbid from a can.
Great pasta specials every night.
The pizza specials are ridiculous.
1199 for large cheese pizza.
It would have a dozen garlic rolls and a liter of soda.
1399 gives you a large cheese pie, a liter of soda and six chicken wings.
Be sure and try that homemade meat lasagna it is.
Oozing.
Let me say it again.
Just oozing with melted cheese.
Oh my God, the we love.
Oozing melted cheese.
So many different things you can do with it in places you can stick it.
They're open seven days a week for lunch and dinner and parties and the degrade catering in Flores 2.
You can call them a 305-758-553-51.
And you can eat right there if you like.
It's 79 streets, there's two blocks east of Biscayne Boulevard.
And the same location that's made in famous for the last 400 years.
Come see what the heroly even called for is one of the great Italian restaurants in town.
Be sure and tell them that Neil sent you by when you go in or call them.
And they deliver to Quasai, Cricket Club, Jockey Club, Mimey Shores.
As far south on Biscayne as to 34th Street, North to 135th, West to Northwest 12th, East to Collins 71st Street.
And then they'll also give you a PD Lenny's home phone number or his cell phone and home address as well.
Call Flores tonight and tell them that Old Neil and PD Lenny sent you by.
My life and local, this is 420560.
You way, you way.
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Hi, it's Peeley Herman. Take it from me.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Ha ha!
The Chicago Police Department have uncovered more videos of R Kelly and underage girls.
These tapes soon to become classics can be yours when you order the R Kelly.
I'm having sex with a 13-year-old video collection.
This box set comes with such memorable moments as...
Oh yes! Yes!
And who can forget this classic moment?
Oh my god!
Do you remember this one?
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Of course you do. It's from the hit movie when Harry met Sally.
That was fake. The R Kelly I'm having sex with a 13-year-old is all real at all R Kelly.
So get your order in today. R Kelly tapes also available on DVD.
Oh yes!
Okay, did we put what's his name on it? The General?
No.
I guess Eric isn't listening to the show right now. He's busy.
56670560, well I lied.
Okay, we're not going to put him on it. I beg your pardon?
Texas.
Oh, that's good.
Here's the facts.
I love these chronics.
Sometimes I save these.
One minute they'll send us the facts.
Suck it around and then they'll send us another hostile facts.
Because they want attention. They're desperate for attention.
The facts is if you think the colors are sick, trust me what I tell you.
The facts are a thousand times thicker.
And you know what really bugs them?
Is the fact that they really have to get in their hostility and hysteria today
and these next few weeks because they realize that when I'm out here
and you're sending me the stuff in Toronto, you don't send me those.
Oh all the bullcrab.
So it really disturbs them greatly.
So now they're seizing the opportunity.
Oh yeah, we're going to get in that.
You know we're going to send a hand of anger through the facts machine.
Tomorrow's payday by the way.
Here's the fact that says Neil just thought how about adding Al Gore?
I know he's not running at this time.
No.
That's why he's not out of pull. He's not running.
But I'm fairly sure he'd receive the majority of the votes.
How about a little grass roots pulling?
Oh thank you.
We don't want Al Gore to be running okay?
We don't want to put a cigar store statue up there to be running for president.
Bob Graham's in the lead by the way of those who were getting votes.
Not even close. 63 carries got 39.
And then we got the Bush factor.
46 people. 15% say they'll vote for Bush regardless of who's running against them.
If Jesus comes back in sandals and runs, they'll still vote for Bush.
And don't care they all suck is in first place by a pretty good margin.
82.
82 people are oblivious and of course a lot of those people are wondering if all still be alive in 2004.
Based on what's going on now.
With the goose depers in charge.
Here's a fact that says one place that was mentioned was planted ocean on Kibiscai near the aquarium.
George's eyelids are getting very very heavy.
If anybody would like to hypnotize George now is the time.
His eyelids each weigh 722 pounds.
They're drooping down to where his lip used to be.
Yes?
We had that on there obviously.
Obviously we did have that on there.
Here's another idiotic fact that says.
Isn't it enough that Geltie gets it bad in the mow bits?
No.
No it is not.
How about laying off a little so what if he wants Jigs job?
Well we don't want him to have Jigs job.
He didn't hire mow and now he has to work with him isn't that punishment enough?
No not at all.
Not for the intemperate, everent behavior we've seen out of Geltie these past 10 or 11 months.
And also says question mark Clark Gillies in the Hall of Fame.
What does that mean?
What do you care about Clark Gillies?
Who?
You care about Bob Nistrum?
Who?
And that guy who sits in front of me by the way cut the crap.
If you pull the same annex in the Leafs game a week from next Wednesday I'm going to tell you right now.
I'll have you and a blonde bitch both put together in the same cell.
I'll have her drive you nuts for about three and a half hours while we try to win Jigame.
If they have ice down by then.
See that was the mistake I made I just mentioned in passing a few of my frustrations with what goes on in the name of entertainment at the macarena right away.
Oh he's talking about that hockey crap again.
Then that is the ultimate.
You might as well just shut the transmitter off in this town.
Rumor?
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Clark Gillies my ass.
George don't know him from doby Gillies.
Here's Pember Pines.
Hello?
Pember Pines?
Hey! How you doing now?
Okay sir.
I think it's great to do your show from different locations.
I have to be reading the Miami Herald this morning and there you are listed at nine o'clock.
But I found something to beat you out to get microneerialisted.
That must be one hell of a remote.
Yeah.
From the other side.
The other side.
Okay I told you the Herald sucks.
Yeah. Okay thanks a lot.
Thanks to the good news.
Bye bye.
Well I guess better late than ever you know little recognition even after the fact crossing over with micruderia.
Right.
Better than that Jonathan Edwards guy.
By the way the John Edwards in our poll is the senator from North Carolina and on Jonathan Edwards.
I just mentioned that because some of our people are a little bit moving less slow.
56670560.560.
I think we're having a hell of a show today.
It's part of some of these idiotic fasses from some of these malcontents out there.
Some of these idiots.
Just want to spew and spew and spew and spew because it's an angry, unnasty, a mean spirit hostile freaking place is what it is.
That's right you got it.
But it's more like like that.
Not like whatever to have you did that was just that was like that was little league.
They want to extend the testicles of their anger and frustration and hostility to all.
Let me sit again that guy that sits in front of me shut up.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Great show.
First time listener.
First time listener.
Yep.
Just move down here.
From where?
Michigan.
Oh don't unpack.
You don't like it here man.
This ain't no Michigan.
Hey it's going to be cold as hell.
This ain't no sturgis Michigan or Kalamazoo or martial or albium Michigan I'll say that.
This no ain't no East Lansing or Grand Rapids or flushing Michigan or Saginaw or Bay City.
Go ahead.
Hey I'm sick and tired of these anti-Americans protesting the United States.
Like I said go back to Michigan.
5, 6, 7 the anti-Americans.
In other words people that have a freedom of expression they're anti-Americans we got enough of your kind down here already so okay.
I'll see you there in what's that redneck place in Detroit I'm always talking about it can't think of.
Where the trailer trash are.
Sorry.
I'll think of it.
Taylor.
I'll see in Taylor Michigan outside of Detroit.
All the big fat old mamas have the big jar of vacillating the economy size on the top of the table he said.
Yeah.
I'll just in case of emergencies.
I'll go okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and you had it you had it been there.
You had to visit a Taylor Michigan once.
Hopefully real quick.
We got Taylor Parks here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Miami's dead.
Here's Miami again.
Hello.
God damn.
The plane has been from Michigan.
Yeah.
It's just by the play the I can't at least a rice on force.
No.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
So we're like go.
I am a single.
So send the radio.
The board is going.
New Rogers.
Which is Crosses.
One of your people.
One of your one-dimensional people.
Hey, that's a lighter.
That was good.
That was good.
Five, six, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for rising wireless line.
Maybe he listens to that show that they had another big article in the Sun Central by the
way they did the crank call to a Venezuelo at his Shabbos.
That they had another 45 pages about in the paper.
See there is no English language radio anymore in South Florida.
It's all, uh, bop bop bop whatever he just said.
Because that's all they write about.
And Tom Zicker is still out there in Hollywood writing puff pieces about network shows
that most of us don't care about it.
And certainly don't watch.
But keep in mind, I'm out of touch.
And quite frankly, the more I think about it now, I'm delighted all that period of time
when I am out of touch.
I'm ecstatic.
Twenty-two noon at 5.60 WQM, if your hair is out of touch with your scalp, there's probably
a good reason it's that big, big ball spot that strikes most men.
Some guys start in their 20s or even before start to loosen it.
Even the lovely Tom Brady.
You notice that?
He's developing a ball spot.
You ever saw that?
Yeah, like right back where it starts, and then all of a sudden it starts spreading and
spreading.
Like Greg Reed, man, I wouldn't be surprised by the end of this month.
Now the hair left on that haid.
Why is that a real other stress?
Anyway, Charles Alphair has been doing it for over 25 years, working with a famous and
not so famous, giving them a real natural look and head of hair with this natural
hairline system.
He uses the latest technology and Charlie produces undelievable results, and that's what they'll
do.
They'll show you how much better when you're younger they can make you look when you go
into this free consultation, no obligation.
So if you want to walk around with holes in your head, if you want to take dangerous
pills, not get any results anyway, if you want to walk around with some silly grotesque
dead musk red on your head, be our guest.
But if you want to look really sensational, like a real bench, call the Charles Alphair
Studios, because like I said, he gives you a 38-day guarantee.
You got nothing loose but that exciting disgusting grotesque ball spot.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
Be sure to mention that you arrived here to need to call because I'm not going to get
extra 200 bucks off the regular price just for mentioning my name.
1-800-321-2413, and get your hair back from Chuck Alphair.
You can check them out on the web if you like.
CharlesAlphair.com.
I'll leave hot little boy.
It's been a year in the making.
Now, now, there, there.
Been back kicking off their world tour with their latest CD.
The Backseat Boys.
The Backseat Boys.
Be sure they're new hit single.
Are we there yet?
That.
Are we there yet?
The Backroom Zone.
Can we pull over?
I got to go to the bathroom.
Bobby's hitting me.
Huh?
Bobby won't stop hitting me.
He's not.
He did two.
He's such a midi.
Also featuring turnaround.
Now, stop it.
I'm telling you kids, right now, if you don't stop, I'm going to turn this car around and
we're going back home.
No!
And I was feeling bad.
I think I'm going to sit.
Roots.
The Backseat Boys.
A little record store's now.
I said 12.45.
Nothing.
We're in a big rush.
11.45 at 5.60 W.C.
And the Mad Dog at one hand.
Get three from San Diego in the side of the Super Bowl.
Go box, baby.
I thought I would have given CREPY.
Got a route for somebody.
Florida team.
Never want a stupid bowl.
Don't like Al Davis too much.
To say the least.
Here's one from UCF Kenny.
He says he's dysfunctional.
I believe him because he says in the 80s and Hollywood Beach Miami ice.
I thought we were done with that.
Somebody is definitely their toasting marshmallows who got a forcefire in the kitchen.
You know, Smellin?
Or maybe Fat Boy had another like a problem.
That would be a grease fire.
I see.
Now here's the facts of the day in spite of what Greg thought.
Because his facts was very lame today.
Oh, let's do Lauren Ken, a lady in Ken, whatever her name is.
She probably wants to talk about Pudge.
Here's a lady in Kenville.
Hello.
Yes, this is Kenville.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Is this a famous Neal Rogers who used to be at the shape of the Chicago?
No.
No.
I've never heard of the shape of the Chicago.
Ooh, I wish we had one here.
If I had a 10 million dollars, I would start one.
Let me ask you something.
Do you always drink before lunch time or is it just today different?
I never have anything.
But anyway, yeah, we need a shape re here.
We had all the famous people come there.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Are you listening to this program?
Absolutely.
Well, what does the shape re in Chicago have to do with the price of peanuts at the Macarena?
I don't know, but I just want to know if you are the famous.
No.
When she called in the beginning, I wasn't.
And you know what?
I'm still not.
So here's the fact, oh yeah, what I think I might be though.
Here's 10 pots.
I know what he is.
He's an asshole.
His facts today.
Neal, I usually agree with most of the things you say.
I want you to listen to this carefully.
I'll listen.
However, I think there's a big difference in the tobacco lawsuit and the McDonald's lawsuit.
People have to wait to survive so they need to be responsible about what they eat and not blame companies who make food that is not so healthy.
People need to smoke to survive, but choose to do so on their own.
I would say that they need to be responsible for what they smoke and not blame tobacco companies.
The problem is that the tobacco companies add extra nicotine to their cigarettes so that people have a harder time quitting
thus helping them smoke their lives away and get all those redded diseases.
If they didn't add nicotine to their products, I'd say screw the smokers, but they do without warning you so that you may not be able to quit because they've added nicotine so you won't be able to quit once you start smoking.
Unlike the food places like McDonald's and other fats who would join, or any of the food manufacturers who put the hidden sugar like in the ketchup,
is cola naturally caffeinated?
Oh yeah, put all the caffeine in there to hook you on a caffeine so you're drinking soda by the gallon like Georgia's right now, swirling it down in lieu of smoking a good number.
How do you like that? That's right. Tim, yeah, I always knew you'd have word like life challenged. His logic is backwards because you have to eat to live.
It makes it even worse.
Nobody has to start smoking. They do so of their own free volition. Nobody holds a gun to your head and says, hey smoke this and try it. You're like it, but you don't have a choice.
And also there is no food product that I know anywhere that on the label says, if he had enough of this, it's going to kill you or make you fat.
Right. Or make you fat. Well, eventually kill you with all kinds of grotesque diseases and right out your teeth and a law fall out and make you dentist rich, etc.
Even a sack of sugar. A sack of sugar. Now we're talking. Where is it?
God, this show can be over before we can say goodbye. Your life would be unbelievable. They would be a good day. See this is another one of those days where I feel on this end.
This has been a dynamite show on this end. I mean, just spectacular. It was first two hours or really fantastic. I'm just an unleashing of a lot of crap that need to be done.
And the audience, there is no way to please South Florida. This is an impossible place. How the hell of I survived 27 years in his place?
It's a frickin miracle. There's no way to please them. Now we want to go back to what you were doing days ago. We want more places on it. No.
I mean, look, we don't have to take any calls ever again. I think I've proven that we want outreading bedtime stories. But if that's the best of the audience, now listen, why don't we go back to that though? They elected a lot.
I mean, that's all they can do is lists list. I know that is that's not a call. That's not an opinion. It's not an idea. It's not a thought. It's not a brain fart. It's not anything or a bitch about lists.
Yeah, and then they call that why that's really boring. You're boring us to the windows going to end already.
Here's top of the hello. Top of the.
Hello. Here's Evan. Sure. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I don't.
Okay. First thing I wanted to bring your attention. The Spanish group is the fastest growing group in America, which is probably why all of the radio stations are programming towards them.
They've already passed blacks in the growth minority care category. Yeah, we saw that on the news two days ago. So that's not like a major bullet. And you're saying it rather breathlessly like.
Yeah, I was. Where did it yesterday? I'm sorry. I'm a day behind you are. Okay. The other thing I wanted to. Let me let me ask you this if the Hungarians were the fastest growing ethnic group in America.
Would we have like 55 Hungarians stations in this market? I don't think so. I could be wrong. Perhaps that's that's true. It's just it is what it is. I don't have any control over it either. Neither do I know.
I also wanted to ask you realizing that most of the time the more liberal Democrats don't have a chance of getting elected as president. Isn't that sad? I'm sorry. I said isn't that sad? Yeah, right.
The one that wanted to ask you about that was where does Chris dot tend to lean and what specifically do you like about his platform?
Because he's a like Kennedy like liberal from New England. That's why I like to like John Kerry very similar.
Gotcha, but realistically I guess they don't stand a chance. I wouldn't say John Kerry doesn't stand a chance. He's a war hero. I mean, Chris dot is less known and probably would stand less of a chance.
I think John Kerry's got a shot. But you don't think like the rush go types and all of those will just gun those kinds of people down the what types.
You know those the heavy said guy who's on 12 o'clock radio. Some in Rusty. Oh, a large ass limbaugh fat ass limbaugh. Yeah, I don't think he I don't think he determines the election. I don't think that most sane people listen to fat ass limbaugh.
I think that did oh heads the people want to hear the same crap repeated every day. Those are the people who and they're always going to vote Republican anyway. Yeah, that's true.
Okay, there you go. He just wants to be reassured. Pat him on ahead and give him a quarter and give him the number for the CD refund. 5 6 7 0 5 6.
You know what? I'm gonna go check my mail. I had Miguel had a lot more calls than we're getting. I'll tell you that. Well, 40,000. That's always the case. Yeah. Oh, where do we get our money back?
And by the way, if you if you're a classical music person, you're not getting any money back because we know you didn't buy any CDs because you're cheap and all you wanted to is belly echo by. Yeah, my fee music on the radio is gone.
The people who are cut above all the rest of the slabs. Well, I got heartburned man. You wouldn't believe it. Heartburned has been invented yet. And when you got good and IBS, all of these things. I got something for you. You know something. The sugar I read better.
The chocolate lace on him. I were eating chocolate lace. All of us even Carlos. I can't even think of his name because of those burgers. Oh, oh my God. I warned you. I said, don't let him bring those in here. And you just sat there like some kind of a little.
Quizling. You knew what was going to happen. But always every time this is this is one of the evils about I sure hope it warms up up north soon. It doesn't look like it. Please pretty play his soon.
Because the longer that I'm here, the greater challenge it is to my survival. Here's a call on the alley. Hello.
Well, it is trying to follow that woman from the shape of her in the guy from Michigan. This tough. Yeah, give it a shot. It has to be better. I'll try. You know, in your fall, I really think the only Democrat that really has a chance because of the conservative nature of America is Bob Graham.
Here's a guy who has executive experience as a governor. He he the head of the Senate intelligence committee. He's the only guy much smarter than the Schmuck Bush.
It says, hey, go up to the terrorists and I'll kind of don't worry about the dom right now. He carried Florida. And maybe if you picked a guy like John Edwards or somebody that's a running mate, they have a kind of chance to help him beat the bush.
I think you got it. Thank you. I'm all for it. Thank you. I'm all for governor Bobby. Okay, BD. I governor Bob. He's a good old boy. No, seriously. I think that he was, you know, as governor, I think he was okay. Certainly better than what we got now. Oh my God. Light years ahead.
Of this goose stepper that we got now. See, this is what just amazes me is what what is with you people? What is with you people?
The head on the front page this morning says a while ago that that class size amendment is going to like bust the budget and we just kind of afford it.
This is the same governor that when he ran for reelectionist last time said he's got a devious plan to subvert the world of the electorate.
And even if they do pass it, which they did, he's going to find a way to get around it.
And the public rewards him with an overwhelming landslide victory because they start a much of this crap about how Bill McRides going to have like a state income tax, which is prohibited by law anyway.
You have to have a state constitutional amendment to allow it.
I mean, you can't complain about the intelligence of the Florida electorate because there basically isn't any. It is there isn't any.
This is sad.
Tragic.
Well, Chris, the right wing has done a great job and make the word liberal a dirty word.
I can remember when I was a young person about 100 years ago, liberal was something you were proud of.
Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, liberal was like something to be proud of.
John Kennedy. But since the Reagan days and he's last 20 years plus now, they've made liberal a really dirty word.
Cami Pinto, you know, they've gone way beyond what Joe McCarthy was able to do.
Bleeding heart, bleeding heart, Cami Pinto, Fag liberal. There you go, all the adjectives.
In the fact that somebody is astute as you pretend to be, didn't even know who Chris Dodd was.
Who? Exactly. You better get up to connect to get Mr.
Okay, I'll be right back, start connecting the dots.
We're sports radio five six, UAM.
It's the 12 to one hour. Yeah, at least for today.
Mrs. Former Vice President Al Gore, you may have noticed I've picked up the temple somewhat.
My cadence is punchier and more upbeat. The timber in my voice, more positive and confident.
This being radio, you can't see the swagger in my walk, but trust me, it's there.
But now you've certainly heard I will not be running for president in 2004.
Let me tell you what. I'm not on drugs. I don't have a drinking problem.
Although I still like a good belted bourbon more than occasionally.
Now friends, since my parents are on Saturday at live, I've decided to take another direction in life.
I never realized I was the damn funny. For the first time in my life, people are actually laughing with me and not at me.
So I'm going to become a cent of comedian. I've already been booked at the Ha Ha seller in Newport, Richie Florida, and Yuck's in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Initially I'll be performing with other funny men. I'm on the bill with Jeff Foxworthy, Thinblood, Elaine Boothler, and Judy Tanuda,
who plays the squeeze box. I've repainted the old Gore-Lieberman tour bus with smiley places and the math with comedy and tragedy.
Who knew I was so damn funny? I've also taken having sex publicly with Tipper. Good times.
Slee on the road. The road of laughter.
Probably one at 560 WDQM, he's a real hoot. When he says the squeeze box, I just about follow the chair. I just love that.
In fact, I got rid of my heartburn for me. 560-560-0.560 on the AT&T line. Mad Dog coming to one o'clock. Paul Castro, if we just got the announcement, we'll not be working here under any circumstances.
Here is the question of that on our pollnearodrudges.com. Please read the stories on there. There's not a good bedtime stories today, including several that people were faxing me long after we had them on there. That just drives me up the wall. And Carlos still like that either.
Who would you prefer to be Democratic presidential candidate in 2004? It's never too early to ask, especially since we're on a verge of World War III.
Don't care they all suck 94. We got 264 votes, which ain't bad considering we didn't do the first hour. It was a long time. It was my fault because I was rambling on.
Do I want to apologize for that? No, it was great. I have Todd's director like it. To you, okay. We took a poll in the building. They all hate you, Todd.
And they said that those shirts went out with God. They're Lincoln's haircut. They don't care. They all suck 94. Bob Graham 83. BDI Bob. That last guy was out of something. Bob Graham and John Edwards, although they're both southerners at the Bob Graham and Chris Dodd or Kerry.
I don't think John Kerry wants the number two spot. No, no, no, no, no, Kerry and Graham.
Oh, I don't think Bob Graham wants it. Bob Graham has been mentioned as the number two man for now. He if he's going for it, he wants the top spot. You got it. I got it.
I got it. I got a Dalmatian name is Skippy. Put it anyway. Let's see. Don't care. I'll vote for Bush regardless. 57. That's 15.3% hardasses. Oh, they're all gone now. Anyway, don't.
See what we ought to do every day in noon after we play that noon to one hour thing we ought to play. Lots of like that. And then they'll be confused. They'll stay right here. They'll think that it's a.
You've got him really burning. It's wrong. I know it's because it's not in here. Is it sure it is preparation? Rush. No, it's not. It's not one of the disc. It's not in there.
I'll bet you about $50,000 right now against 14 cent Canadian. Now dinner isn't you owe me 14 cent Canadian. Mr. A. Let's see John Kerry 47 John Edwards 25 Jonathan Edwards probably do well. Al Sharpton 20.
How are Dean 14? I don't think that's real. Julie Berman 10. He is real. Dick Gibbhard 8. Gary Hart 7. Chris Dodd 2 in general Wesley Kirk's about one, which is the guy that we just put it on there. We apologize to that guy.
He did say and I saw the same show he saw. We saw you saw where he said, yeah, I'm forming an explorer a sport to recommend.
I think I had something to do with a colonoscopy, but he's forming an explorer to recommend they're looking into it.
General, he's a good guy. You ever see him? You know, which one he is? Well, there's so many of these retired generals on there now, you know, as we're beating the drums of war.
And you see the Polar Washington Post the other day more and more the American public are saying not so fast. W maybe you're getting impatient, but what's the big hurry?
Okay. What's the big hurry? See, I think what we want to do is hook the hose up to the world fields before said I'm light some all on fire.
Because if he does the same thing he didn't quit, which is what he's trying to do now. It would be kind of a waste to expand all these lives and jeopardize the security of 270 million American people just so that we can go over there for Chevron and all the other world companies and hook up the hose.
It would be a massive, useless hose job. And believe me, Saddam will do that. Make no mistake about that. Plus you do understand that even when it's like how many years ago is that? Like a hundred years, 12 years ago, right?
In spite of that, the pollution is still and it's still out to gone. Yes. That's a much of the oil that he dumped into the Gulf. Right. The chance that he's still out gone. Right.
So you're talking about not only in terms of a political catastrophe, you're talking about in terms of an equal, well, of course when it comes to the ecology, these people are like environment. Right. That's a liberal. That's right.
We want to make it not mandatory, we want to make it volunteer.
Now, as all of our friends in big business, they won't pollute anymore than they feel like it on a given day. That are fact they'll set their own standards. Those such things the environment. In fact, they'll come and pee in your lawn if you want. There is no environment. That's true. It's a myth. It's a commie liberal pink O'Mith. All that crap. There's only money. There is no global warming. There's no sunshine. The greatest thing a few months ago, I mentioned it then, it's just amusing as hell. Now we can enjoy the fruits of all of this global warring stuff because now we don't have to have those severe winners anymore. Guess what? Surprise. They don't get it.
You're going to get it if you don't cut it out. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Here's plantation. Hello.
Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Listen, I ran into an old dear friend of yours who's happy to be strongly for the war. I'm listening, yeah.
Yeah, stand major. Yeah, he's not an old dear friend of mine at all. I thought I remember the way back he was when he was at the point.
Why do you have the radio turned up, sir? Please do. So stand up. Yeah, I ran into him at the copa and he just wanted me to say hi to you. Yeah. That's a copa. I just wanted to deliver that. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. At the copa 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Good. Got it. It must be in the water supply or in the air like that toasted mustard. I'm smelling it right now. They must be having a weenie roast. Here's a call from Naples. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Hi. Okay, sir. Actually, I kind of want to agree with the guy who mentioned earlier that he thinks Bob Graham would be a good candidate. I kind of agree with him.
Yeah, I'll give you a little bit. I'm actually a Republican down here, but I like what Bob Graham did as a governor and I like his track record as far as the center. However, I do like you're mentioning of Chris Dott as a running mate for what would you?
What would you picture them being able to run against Bush on other than because I think a lot of candidates have a hard time of taking his popularity as far as with the whole thing. What do you think would be the critical?
Let me say this. In other words, it's now January of 2003. The elections in November of 2004 and we're like getting ready to go like invading Iraq and do cattle and those. What else? So it's pretty hard to say right now what they're going to be running on, but have a great day.
I mean, this is just we're just scratching our heads. This is just exploratory. Okay. And if I have to lay out a whole bunch of things as far as what this administration has done, well, you're not paying too much attention. Read our website. Maybe read a newspaper. Turn on CNN. Turn on MSNBC. God forbid, turn on Fox. Fascist news. Well, that's not a good idea. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. By the way, the market is down. Not a lot of a lot again.
And we're reading the economy. The mirrors of the big cities in the country are like calling on DC and saying we're dying over here. We're starting. We got no money. We got real service, baby.
But have no fear because the bushmeisters here once he gives the rich another round of tax cuts all our Ronnie Reagan just wait and see the kind of recession in the person we can have.
Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes, sir. Maybe I'll. I got a great spy report on Hank yesterday.
Now he's always dropped the names of everybody's had lunch and dinner. Yesterday his first guest. He's out in San Diego. It was going to be Gil Brand, the former cowboy. He's, you know, player person. Elgi. You there. I'm here. Okay.
And let's look at the first two times he introduces my good friend, Gil Brand. The first two times, Gil has an opportunity to address him by name. He calls him Dave. Yeah. And at the end of the interview, he says I apologize for calling you Dave.
Good friend, Gil Brand. He doesn't even know what's the point. You don't like Hank. No, I like. I'm trying to say, sir, is that what you're trying to say? You don't like our personal family.
Let me tell you this when you drop that many names. Sometimes you can't keep him straight. Have a great day.
But good. Golly Miss Molly. Well, we got a bunch of overgrown chillin down here. That's what we got overgrown children immature cut off from reality. Cut off from the real world. Cut off from the living and breathing masses.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. What are we going to do about the dolphins to fix them up for next year? You know, what are we going to do? We're going to fire Dave on stand. It's J. Feetless.
We're going to get J. Feetler of bus to a Tel Aviv. What are we going to do? We got to do something, man, because we're embarrassed. We're humiliated. We're degraded.
Wasn't bad enough about that fiesta bowl. All of these other things were cursed down here. Let's face it. We're in South Florida. We're cursed down here. And we're stuck.
I get in and hold it.
Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Golly Go
I bet the size of my beard and beard in a trist with feet looom my man friend did it it it I'll kiss it make up with ginger as some day and then ask them to break my bun
oh no there and over again so I would not feel the most full now and I would not be ashamed about a ginger and moge union
when they make me feel gizzy and everybody follow my thousand balls yeah jissa and moge union would make my sorrows only hair still safe
if we had a ginger and moge get you and then they wouldn't have to get me raped
did it drop 16 boy no wonder the kids aren't learning anything here's a fact from a high school civics teacher in Perine or so it says the fact of the matter was this as they pontificate on page and in print
named the last US senator elected to the presidency who didn't first become president as a result of assassination or resignation it would seem to be probably John F. Kennedy 1960
okay am I correct okay case closed it says get real senators don't get elected presidents in this modern political era where the electorate views them as insiders and part of the problem
so in high school civics teacher in pre-P Ryan nonsense anybody ever heard Jimmy Carter governor from a little peanut state ever hear a hand before he know before they propped his ass up how about Bava governor or Arkansas
anybody ever hear a hand before now so the candidates are who who ever they prop up there in the special interest aside this is going to be because that's what it takes is all of their money
hi Russ have a great day I mean nice to see here's this again which they just won't give up these bastards they're I don't mean that personally John because he's got his name on here we're not
cutting you a bastard John all over course we will check it out there was a restaurant north of Oakland Park on Andrews a block bottom block called keelbs which had great food one under three years ago well this seems to be the same
fact that John sent me days ago and we're actually talking about that are we talking about that now thanks a lot John for continuing to really have a great effort by
the way the beast is going to be doing the updates on mad dog sure again today at one o'clock so be sure to in case you missed it yesterday one we promised that today's might be just as entertaining the sports updates at one the beast and of course we know that he's
unprofessional but of course here in the rest of the where we have a sense of humor sometimes unprofessionalism using and great we like that because we love the beast unlike some people who like you know when in doubt they pushed him out and then said
where you get your information right here on the Roger show where they can always tune to get the right ratings the right information not a lot of bluster as in finniest tea five six seven old boys you're gotten a lot of open lines on that phone you know
there's something with this crowd that I don't know what it is what what is it you that do it another list always that what it is we can do the ugly people thing but we'll save that for another day from your friend David Jeff high's boyfriend here's our last call in sunrise hello
good morning here sir good afternoon to you I can't hear a thing that you're saying man you are reading the paper you know I was serving a paper last night you were serving a paper in what manners and I was the guy who was serving was watching the TV program I don't know what program he was watching but it was talking about pretty much catching the bugs you know that that was the phrase that he kept on saying catching the bugs
and I was wondering if he heard anything about that casting the bug catching the bugs I have no idea what you're talking about
yes is this that article from Rolling Stone that Matt Drudge was pumping up on his self hating website yeah yeah yeah catch it catching it and what about it what about it
yes this mind blown you know people with had sex annoying with another partner that has age and the rusheth tape
and you really and you really believe that twenty five percent of the people
infected with HIV are going out there intentionally to get infected you really
believe that
you know
but let me let me ask you this and of course that was a story that was
for people who are like either self-hating facts like some people under with
websites or other people who want to attack the gay community
if they're at one
when the overwhelming majority of gays are still in the closet how do you how do
you do a poll and get an accurate percentage on something like that
you ever think about that
no no no no seriously when the majority of people are gay are very deep in
the closet
how is it possible to pull them and come up with such a number
much less any people that would ever admit such a thing so sick i'm sure
that there must be a handful who would do that
yet because i mean you know that they're not
i feel so many wakos on a daily basis i mean i i i
well there's plenty of wakos out there so you have a great day
in the early days in the early eighties during a Reagan era oh yeah the uh
the homosexual community they're out there having sex with prostitute so
that they can have the prostitutes go back to their husbands and spread the
uh... gay plague to the heterosexual community
right to conspiracy exactly a game in the way it's part of that gay agenda
just like this waco that bush wants to put on the uh...
aids commission it's just part of the same right-wing thing you know they
pendulum is turning man the worm is turning he said as he swung that big black
worm back and forth
even at garland smoh would be proud to see that five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eight tnt and for eyes and wireless line catch the bug
here's north Miami hello
he made a lot of case or
no i like this
but you know you're always looking for a shot
to become a long long sir sir let me say this to you can you're entirely your
opinion which i totally disagree with if you're like my political opinions you
can do one of two things you become angry about that and i'll listen anymore
or you just uh... uh... accept the fact that that's my opinion i'm a total
express it
time to understand what you're coming from from where in hell of a lot of people
are coming from keep in mind he lost the popular vote in the election
but that's not
sir let me say it again because you're not listening to what i'm saying
he lost the popular vote in the election
by more than a half a million votes
that's not true again that's new
with the uh...
the going down the democratic party now that you literally
creating that
uh... part of the one mind
sir did you
well i would even bother wide why would i bother wasted too much time is
exactly
the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the it's just it's just an amazing
it's shocking to me that americans become such a bunch of little heads
and anybody who expresses an alternate point of view publicly and i guess it's
okay behind closed doors
but if you have the ball to come on here and say publicly
that we're dealing with a bunch of right when fascist up there a bunch of
goose members
well i'm just a poll to the way that's my opinion
i don't care if you like it or not take it or leave it
he's the best thing that's coming along in a long time since sliced bread
that have attracted attention
right see there you go
based on what and he's he's getting sick and tired of waiting okay
he's tired of waiting for the you and he's sick and tired of the damn germans in
the french
and everybody all the other than already and geared up in their messin up his
plans god damn it
and they pulled the other day in the washin and post and of course must be
those kamy pinco people in the media
over seventy percent of the public said we ought to be damn well waiting and
give the inspectors more time because it appears that at least they're
starting at their job done
there's no big rush to go jump in there
and jeopardize the safety of not just the troops over there but all the
american people in this country
but they got their own agenda and he can't understand
all those protesters that were out there saying what i said times ten all
over the weekend most of which you didn't see on the network news because it's
highly censored
because they pander
but who watch in c-span over the weekend all those hundreds of thousands of
people that protested all the country
i guess i must be the only one they were just a pigment of imagination i
just pretended that they were there
usur are tragic
and the fact that you're so politically naive that you don't even know that
algoa one the popular election by over half a million votes
even though we lost the electoral college this guy would know the electoral
college from iranis
you know something
this is a sad
sad country
a once great country and now sad uneducated
biased
right wing bias bigoted
you know we were making a lot of progress
from up twenty or thirty years and then started with ragan
and they were they were pikers compared to these guys they were always small
potatoes who is i mean you know the seeds were planted then
and now they're all blooming
and a lot of the same cast the characters the rumsfelds
dick chain
all of these people from the pop up was from from ragan
and the first chapter this right wing sickness and i was the ability uh...
fetus huggers coming out again in a president's panning to the fetus
huggers
the people of the brain who are saying you know stem cell research could be
helping a lot of people right now already
but we don't want to do that because we have to keep panning these right wing
these born again lunatics
who used to be considered wackos who used to be considered the ultra right
wing fringe just like we consider the american communist party
the left wing fringe which generally don't even exist anymore
we used to consider these people be right wing fringe politically
and i they take a republican party over
but why am i expressing these things i mean why we just doesn't get it
why i'm so hard on the product he's the best thing to come down the road
since
murry town or more
since hebert hoover right the economy's great since calvin clinton those
clinton years when the economy was back calvin cool just tomah see you doing
tricky dick
all those great republican presidents and wannabe
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and rise in line
just amazing
like i've told you before one thing we know on the show is that and i've learned
it the hard way you'll never ever make a difference
not to talk to you in my me you'll never make a difference
all you can do is the best thing come and go
move like that do a couple of lists here in there play a few comedy bits
screaming ill about Todd wreck is an asshole and the audience is happy
here's my any hello
nil yes sir
hi how you doing i'm doing great
i totally agree with you i think
pop and politics is just wasted breath anyway so
onto more serious subjects have you tried to do been in jerry's uh...
making will be pie ice cream no
sub-same ice cream that's in fish food
but it's got the marshmallow and devil food cookie
uh...
ice cream chunks
and uh... anyway
uh... great to hear you again
sure you can't wait for the temperatures come back down a normal and
Toronto to get the hell out of here
and uh...
which you all the best and i don't know what we'll do without you when when
you're you know
done doing this here
a couple weeks right okay have a great day you too see around
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to the rise
of our last night after the show we're all going to go over heaven in a big
uh... humpy
and we're going to the sunrise macarena
and we're going to like we do the ice over there by ourselves because we're
sick and tired of waiting for the organization to get that thing right over
the organization
you'll do what i'll test it test what the ice i'll go skate on it
we're going to very most uh...
peace in there that's very most peace and center ice he's got a spare
so is the hopper i noticed lately spare here huge spare don't be picking on
hank what is insanity that's what i got called before
he's picking on a hank who's three thousand miles away when he's out of town
he'll be called hank next week
all my hank you sure did a good job covering the ice of your bunch of suckles
lot of you guys out there you know just a bunch of suckles all mister maddits
it's such an honor to speak to you uh...
just like i was asking john before the game last night you know before the hockey
game when the teams come out to practice they come out of the tunnels there
and before the game a lot of people now i can understand little kids kids getting
autographs or they want to see their heroes but like adults
standing down here by the tunnels waiting to see the players they come out so
they can seem like real close
now when marty had left came out for our wide did reach over and kind of like
pat him on the back but other than that i just i don't understand what that's
all about
do you understand that hero worship that obsessive that sick that twisted
what is that you know that jock sniffing sucking looking what is that all
about starts with low self esteem is that what it is
anyway marty said go away twenty eight past noon at five sixty w two and
other days gone by you're still underpaid and stuck in a crappy job
you're set you bet
how's the new contract coming by the way if you're looking for a high pain
career pick up the phone call fast train tool for you at one eight six six fast
train if you enroll right now you can be certified on the way to a new high
pain job by april get out of your dead end rut them it if you can commit three
nights a week faster and can have you certified as a computer professional
by april i guarantee you know what a lot more than little uh... what's his name
pick up the phone call fast train tool for you carlos at eight six six fast train
the offer job placement easy financing day that a weekend classes to
it got four convenient locations there's one in Miami one in Kendall
pember pines and four lot of day it's just one simple call it's all the
tasty each one away to an exciting career so if you're sick and tired of being
paid like nickels and dimes call fast train right this moment and pretty soon
you can be a big shot like Jeff Cohen call fast train one eight six six fast
train and check them out on the web at fast train dot com
line and local career sports radio five sixty two eight
you a m
god nail
i went to the south side party i was invited by the priest
he said come with me i have some friends to see back in the
red theory when we got to the south side party
there were some other priests in the book
all right then he dropped his pants and said be a good land
your face i want to stuff and i realize now
i didn't do very well you see the priest couldn't get all so it had to
please himself
well
then the priest at the south side party said have eight sun try it again
as he took my hand and he said let me they'll give try to understand
he said there's something i must remind you before you give it another chance
the holy man who wrote the bible
weren't wearing anything now i'm all right now i can do that very well
it's good that i can please anyone and i won't go to hell
but who wants all those years of unmatched
prosperity you know all those records her pluses we don't want those i'm sorry
Jeff kohnsen here with lots of a free sample thank you that's right we don't
want the prosperity doing no we want to do the deficits is what we want we have
want to have more big tax cuts for the rich and the big corporations but
nevertheless don't get me started with that stuff because like i said we're
going to make no impact no difference don't confuse the american public with
the facts that guy that was insisting that the bush one the popular vote i
mean what is he talking about what you
liberal democrats they don't know he wasn't a yahoo he was just a moron
no but there's a difference sometimes crossover anyway it's a
to tell you about bringing people we get some great information from the audience
Steve faxes and says hey Neil channel seven just announced these state
agencies read his jet bush ready to the office of Miriam all the
failures today during the raid they found a box containing a thousand
uncounted absentee ballot well what's a big uh it was a hundred ballots and he
says a thousand it's only 900 the ballot difference it's still unacceptable it's
and of course it's only maybe the tiff of the iceberg we have probably
ballots laying around all over the place
remember the election where they had like boxes of ballots the presidential
election i do think what had like boxes of ballots that thanks yeah people took
home overnight remember that right to the condo
and they use them as uh... playing cards yeah they were playing nitrogen
rummy and they use them as majong tiles from so steve has got a little bit of
problem there with his numbers but that don't confuse the american public with
the facts they're very well informed with all my going to change things nothing
just continue having a wonderful time going right to the bank five six seven
oh five sixty many many open lines here today the audience is just as mom
man there is a tight lift brutal brutal here's a call from hollywood hello
Neil yes sir
sorry sir very best for i'm fucking off
here's our last call of the day and it's from boka five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and forizon wireless line
boka hello
and you sir
hey um... the debate about the stem cell research was just take all the right
wing wackos and whatever we
whatever medical advances are miracles we find from the stem cell research we
will bar them from ever great great brain sir great idea
uh... great idea
how's that pull coming i'm glad you asked who do you prefer to be the
democratic presidential candidate in two thousand four
we got four hundred and forty eight votes general westley carcass got two so
that got a call to his got one and uh... his uh... growfrender boyfriend or
wife or little kid christod three gary heart eleven de kebhard dicks got eleven
julie rame eleven howard deans got fourteen
alan berk the original deans got a couple al sharp in twenty three
john edward's twenty seven john carry fifty eight
i don't care i'll hope her push regardless a seventy five sixteen point seven
percent bob graham one and don't care they all suck
hundred and twelve that's the result of our extraordinarily important
scientific pool right up to date
pember pines hello and you i'll tell you what really pisses me off and what's
the shows on cnb c telling people to buy stock
and everything else in there they need to really start getting into these
guys and start arresting walk ains david favor by the way do you think he's gay
no you don't think they want to do on a date i'd like to have them you know that
okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
for eyes and wireless line what do you look at your watch for you're looking like
George Herbert Walker boy stirring that debate
it's not a good idea to look at your wristwatch in public
although it's a coincidence in here he said he likes to watch
twenty two till one a kill we got the mad dog and one don't forget the beast is
coming up with some heavy duty sports headlines at one o'clock top of the
hour interesting to see how that goes here's a great place man it'll really
set your free do you like to west bogey millions and millions of people are fat
where we're fighting the battle of the bald while jeff is in their sucking
down those chicken wings it makes me nauseous just watching you know that he's
spit he's spewed like chicken bits all over me well what is that what's that he's
eating now what is that sorbitol cookie oh no
what's the good thing i'm getting out of here real quick why can you smell it
already that's just yet it's seeped right out of the door
from that sorbitol cookie that he's much enough god just disgusting watching
these people filling their face well i'm trying to talk about people losing
weight anyway delights is your headquarters for all the low-carb products that
you're looking for to keep you on a straight-and-earrow path to run atkins any
look at a glad you enjoyed it jeff have a great day
that was beautiful he just spit that baby right out i don't blame him
anyway there's good reasons for thousands of people to be sharpened and you
ought to be doing the same because you'll find over six hundred delicious low-carb
food products in this one great store this week try the new enchantment low-carb
cookies in six delicious flavors with only one to two carbs per cookie you'll be
in snack heaven at delights so whether you're looking for the carbolite ice cream
bread chips muffin cheesecakes pasta and sauces all of these things the lights of
westbokers of place you can shop and get all those low-carb goodies in one great store
you can sample try anything this derby for you but the staff knows their stuff inside
an out there open seven days wait to ten to ten and at delights you'll find the most
complete line of atkins brand products anywhere that are always twenty five percent off
today tomorrow next sook is every day and of course atkins is becoming more and more
popular so if you want to find a store that'll get you all the products that you're looking
for give it that variety that you need head for the number one low-carb sugar free store around
delights of westbokers on the northeast corner of glades in four forty one right next door
to Boston market you can call them to free one eight seven seven low-carb run a web your
reach them at lowcarb.com don't forget there's the one and only delights of westbokers your
official atkins retail center and stick it
like
i said when i broke that's what i want to do
now it's run by greedy corporate holes
that only there about the bottom i'm not you
they are a different
simpler power has no end
being kind to see you always daddy to his friends
and so and so i spend more to you here instead
take the old bill your brain was fired up
baby
they put it in
here can't give the lady a shot
where jimble still the lady a shot
it's her body and the challenges gone
they're sound so same no matter where you are
oh
oh
the cyber radio is on with taking place
they don't know sound like the storm is out in place
and find the way to the battle is in the pan
if you expect that get through so late on the air
stay open up i'll tip it for a friend
here can't give the lady a shot
here can't give the lady a shot
here can't give the lady a shot
here can't give the lady a shot
you don't care
come 45 5 60 WQM wait till you hear this
Monday or what is it Thursday next week market on your count
or week from today mark go january 30th on your counters that's
the date the senate senate commerce committee
well first of all you is the senator commerce committee
so i'm dealing with here
much of your literates on the web that's the date the senate
commerce committee has scheduled for a hearing on
consolidation in the radio industry while
the hearing hasn't been officially announced yet
the wall street urinal says that clear channel
slash COO mark maze no relation to willy
is among those who've already agreed to testify
you know mark maize he's an asshole several senators of voice
concerns recently over consolidation senator biren dorgon
democrat in north dakota has complained that clear channel
owns all the radio stations in mind at north dakota
while senator russ fine co-ed a biscuits and last year to do
legislation design to require the fc and c to old quasi judicial review of
acquisitions and mergers by radio companies that reach more than 60% of the
wesse radio audience
additionally republican senators k blyh Hutchinson of texas
and the limpious snow of main express concerns about consolidation
at last week's hearings now wait to hear this this is going to make you
just take a big dump right in that seat
and we got you better stay stand back because he may just unload
we're looking forward to testifying we have a great story to tell
clear channel lobbyist andrew levin told the journal levin noted that the
health of the radio industry has improved tremendously as a result of
regulation this quote i can't see him getting the
i can't even say it spit it out he noted that the health of the radio
industry has improved tremendously as a result of the
deregulation the american public is happier with radio than it ever has been
he said he said he said he just asked him
in fact i think what he didn't add yet probably they'll tell
theories is that they just look clear channel owned every station in america
they'll be so happy they'll be just crap it all over each other
they'll be so happy they'll be just uh... uh... just butles a joy
he also said that the focus has been brought to make hearing one of several
examining media ownership consolidation
how do you like that maples huh the company that's as much as anybody helped
to destroy radio that people used to love eliminate competition eliminate
the talent eliminate personality radio make it cookie cutter crap in market
after market after market
so that your radio dollars basically swill of samness
as even conservative bill sapphire point out that article that we had on a
website on monday
this is what you get deregulate but just let's just have a bunch of monopoly so
that maybe three companies can own every company in the end of america
three corporations in the world
just america yeah let's start with your companies what you say
so we get that hose hooked up in bag that what do you mean let's start five six
seven oh five sixty pound five say you better quit picking out a present that
guys gonna get upset that call before best thing that's come along since he's
since uh... he would like to write
since the depression
here's my amy hello
can explain why you were in a gift of one box now for your gift for
i think you're part
you want to get the one-bought you but your good for
i want how you always in the ginsengorn bosnia
you never express the hour you know that that's cancer people people be
how do you know that i live in
you listen well good for you
what's what's the core what's the comparison
that's that's why we didn't find with a response
see that that that that that's a negative he's trying to like uh...
two negatives doesn't make any sense to me sir there's absolutely no
justification for any work in a rack right now none zero
and more people understand that every day
back in jenny were a year ago now
when carl rove said we're gonna play the war card that's all you need to know
they're exploiting the greatest tragedy on american soreland history
the greatest more lives lost in parole harbour than any other tragedy
american history
and they're exploiting it for political gain and financial purpose
that's what it's all about nothing complicated about it all i'll m o
any why just keeps going out to yourself over and over again
here's a cruel spring so
and you
yes sir
okay
uh... listen i wrote a book
but i think it's a few things that change since then
that uh...
change my mind a lot i think a lot of people's my first thing is that this
world i like or whatever
and i think nothing where i want
jane a lot of both is uh... remember when he said it was a kid that's
the way he had
we say my skin
not i think i heard a new way to show that
you see the typical might as a gimola uh... yeah
like smart but i'm not letting you make it hard get out of here you idiot
go back at a banana boat
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for eyes
and wireless line
so what do you think about the sophistication level of self-order george here's
my any home
i'm yes sir
i have to doctor with my daughter's morning red time magazine you know that's
i'm not good
sergeant Preston died
but i think you can
uh... i just have been a canadian
the best day for you
i'm a canadian
i guess that by the
uh...
matter these good
we want the calls nil goddard like p d leh said thank god you're back to
taking calls
the radio programming expert who by the way used to work for cheap channel
the old leather push p d leh
who brought in that food that gave us just maddening indigestion today
both george and i'm going to be on the way to intensive care at the nearest
hospital
at like thirty seconds past one
released two minutes past one after we hear the beast
something is way through the one o'clock sports update
that's the room that i'm here
ten to one a q i m
my
and look up
this is for radio by six
you
and
that's a hurt
and
hi i'm ed buford a few for
liquor and guns
we have a large selection of foods and farms in the state and will personally assist you
and choosing the correct alcoholic beverage and weapons for your next
outing going square hunting
then you'll love our low prices on shnaf's and hangry nates
living in the city check on our deal on hand guns of california one
maybe you are interested in the heart and or self defense maybe just like to get drunk and shoot a
box
well we've got down jesville turkey and forty four magnum channels on sale this week only
we're open twenty four dollars we never checked ideas and were already approved
so come on down and
and uh... liquor and guns for everything leaves loaded
fifty five five sixty w com thanks then for uh... learning this article i just
uh... printed out
from the washington post
dot homosexual fights to band gay shooting game
a dot gay activists is fighting about all the important a u.s. computer game in
which the player can shoot homosexuals junkies dogs and cats
hank cruel editor of the leading dot gay newspapers as prosecutors to start
court proceedings and is lobbying parliamentarians to outlaw the game called
postal to
it's disgusting in the net all in the anti-discrimination laws protect people
from discrimination based on sexual preference and that makes it easier to do
something cool toward the writers today
postal to produce by Arizona based running with scissors
is to become available in the net for the late march
vince desi runs running with says is that the game did not discriminate against
homosexuals
it's definitely not anti gay you know what it's a game get over ready told
writers by telephone from to son
desi said the player can shoot gay people but doesn't have to do so and doesn't
let any points for shooting anybody
in the game the player plays the role of a character called the postal dude
he lives in a town where there are all kinds of people white black skinny fat
straight and gay you can play the game in a passive role without killing anyone
desi said we're not politically at it
in other words we don't discriminate we like to make a baby feel like it
postal to his in a version of the year firms earlier game postal with that game
has been banned in australia but krol said it was widely sold in Dutch toy
stories
the target that game was to eliminate hostile elements and unarmed citizens and
city streets parks and suburbs using a variety of weapons
the player could exit the game by committing suicide
krol says he's not certainly a thirties will be able to prevent that's
residents from buying the game from the company's website that offers campaign
for being sold in toister is making buyers aware of the game's content
a lot of these games are being bought by parents and grandparents one of our
goals is to get people to understand what they're buying krol said
that he said he didn't believe about some of the mental and would apply to
internet sales i don't think anything would prevent people from buying it on
the net he said
don't forget get your refund
what's that number again as we go with it here it is
three or five
www
wwww. Music CD settlement dot com music CD settlement dot com or call for a
form to fill out when you're playing time left to do it to get your five up to
twenty bucks if you bought any CD between nineteen ninety five or two thousand
and even if you stole one or even if you're just making it up one eight seven
seven
three four seven forty seven eighty two
this does not include people who downloaded music from winmix or a napster
rest in peace
one eight seven seven three four seven forty seven eighty two you fill out
the form you like i mean to tell me about some crap
and you get either five or twenty bucks i still at last part in there about how
if uh... more people said maybe we shouldn't be doing this
we should discourage people from doing it
yeah we should have just not talked about that no no more please i think they're
i think the a quote is run up
how that poor come out today no while we asked who do you prefer to be the
democratic presidential candidate in two thousand four
i'm surprised that got when you start talking about the
ethnic cleansing didn't talk about how a satan gassed his own people course that
was with our gas right and i was back when he was helping us fight the i
told those wicked iranians and we said well not too nice but don't do it again
and it's we don't care
is what we said just like the italian that we're helping cooperating with the
bill that gas pipeline over there in the Afghanistan
there were a good buddies they were a partners
nice time to walk would say
and all of a sudden when they turned on us and decided to decide with us on a
mama
that all of a sudden we start saying we're going to wait a train to women with
those burgers and the men who can't even listen to the music they can't even
listen to the guy them uh... what you call it
can't get a say shania twain
can't get a shave a haircut
two bits
and all of a sudden they became the evil doers
one minute there are buddies none of the evil doers
whatever's expedient for whoever's in there at the moment it's not just bush
it's not just clinton it's the fricken government
it's the world its corruption baby
but if you wanted to do yourself and this and i heard a great line this morning
it was on fox news no less with somebody left on his set by the way they better
never do it again when i walked in here
and one of the bitches on it was going on but you know he had it right to
presidents you read the with us here against us he was going on excruciating
the french and the germans are good close personal friends not
either you read the with us against us
the world is black and white the good guys over here and the evil doers over
there
who you prefer to be the democratic president of canate in two thousand four
we asked the near-right you dot com today
we got eight billion votes
four ninety three don't care they also come from twenty bob graham one sixteen
don't care about bush regardless eighty one sixteen point four percent
john carry sixty five down it was twenty seven al sharpton twenty three
howard dean eighteen jimmy deans better couple
dick abhard thirteen julie roman's got twelve gary heart eleven general west
le claire got three and christ ad you know him don't you he's got three
bye bye bye
you'll watch your show on five six
you know you can't wait for learning
this is the base of that
you
