Neil how are you sure you're not playing anymore? Who's not playing anybody ain't playing no mark? Oh
It's hard to with no ma anyway, I'll hung over after that great
Rating's party last night too bad you couldn't be there Scott. Yeah, I I missed the in you there
Hey, um the Leafs lost again. We're gonna help where you they suck don't they always losing before they suck
You didn't get back into town did you they had a freaking power play for like the last four minutes of the game?
And they still and then they wind up giving up an empty net goal when I got the six on four nice going you guys suck
By the way, you're a junior there your protégé he picked the exact score to Panther game is they said Florida three out of what two
What a guy see it's rubbing off now?
Yeah, I think it's clear that your wisdom has rubbed off on my psychic powers
Yeah, and he also told me that Steve Shields was gonna be the starting goalie
He said he knew that and I interviewed my keen in at eight in the morning so that that was apparent to everyone
Yeah, who cares about the goal?
He's gonna be obvious. Well, that's what he does best. I think you need a reggae hairdo. How come?
Moe wasn't at least reading his party last night was he too embarrassed because he had the lowest numbers on the station?
No, he was wearing a hockey jersey this morning at least I'll give him that
He was wearing a hockey here. That's the free jersey the Panthers gave him. Oh, what a what a phony
He wears that he wears that one anyone to read Sarada front
He wears that orange dolphins jersey
When he goes to the gay men's
We ought to see him wearing his a Zubas pants on
Your boy, I'm gonna pick your a moment in Zubas pants on our website. Yeah, your boy runs spelled. I heard his
Mojo Nazi son of a bitch. Hey, did you hear about a woman in robbed a bank? She dressed as a clown
And I think she dressed as Mo. Yeah, actually in those pants
Anyway, what else is going on there's in this corruption in Miami where no I like I like the story about the a cop that was found in the
Of snack bags the peanut bags on the avianca flight from Columbia to Miami
I love when they do creative like shoe heels
Baby diapers and if you fly American Airlines, they still have like two hand grades in each overhead
I heard Harlan balloons in the body and then you get
What midway airlines don't under they went under yesterday. What's next?
So what's the real story why you trying to party last night is it because you were like making a statement or because 34c was
Demanding you stay home. What was the deal? I didn't go to the party because
I just know that
Skippy drives drunk and I don't
Yeah
That's about what it boils down to really think I'm not interested in getting
Played in jail for the night and waking up and reading about my head
I don't want to be the next Danny heatleys that we've been interested in going to parties and getting bombed and driving on the freeway home
Oh, you know something my girlfriend
You could have been the next Danny Heatlean your passion. You could have been Mo
You know what I'm saying? I asked Mo if he'd drive me and he didn't want to go to the party because he said he has no friends here
But the fact is he watched in the Panther game last night. He was involved in some shared even all I know is that
I was hanging out with his best new friend David Samson in Delilah everywhere I go I have my
34c drives me home everywhere cuz I I've been known to suck down a few and I'm just not gonna drive
I've been known to suck a few hey now. Yeah
Anyway, I'm very interested in parents and we got that relationship all past them. No, everything's chocolatey there
I have a Russian tusk elite league jersey on today the sweater you should see me
Who's this we got a new picture of
Scroan in honor of her a new book that just came out Wednesday one in the pink and one of the
And she said there a new picture at scroan as soon to be on our website
She knows she hides in her car smoke and take her away over 80 see but she thinks that people can't smell her
What a well-worn old bitch man. I'll tell you I'm not her husband. Yeah, I don't think he likes you
Don't you find it a little bit strange that our sales manager, which is her is married to the sales manager for
Her cheap channel. I think that has no bearing what is the real story is how she let other sales women live with her at home
And her husband a now and word is wrong in the picture. Well, I took over the situation for Roy
I run that bar and I don't know anything about the
fellow Roy that had the big baggage
Yeah, you do Roy Foster used to be a dolphin man. I don't know who he is any ex-jokes. He'll sniff it. He'll grab it
She'll squeeze it. You think she's doing choice for her right now. No, oh
That thing is two of them got something going on is what I he don't smell bad enough for her. She likes that ranchy odor
That's the wrong. I think she likes
Reflusters bleeding oozing hemorrhoids. Oh God is there any more?
I'm not making it right. The brain is really
Serious bleeding oozing hemorrhoids
Yeah, like it's her a lot of what's what which tells us a lot about where he's to use that big instrument
He kept stealing from us. Splat and while he was a big black one my dad's coming in tomorrow
Neil for two weeks of painful visitations. Yeah, you're gonna have mine your show again replacing the beast
Yeah, I'm gonna have them in release two days next week for fun. He's smarter than all of us
Have a nice week for me
Bye
You
We did it we did it Dr. Phil the element weight solution is number one in New York
Constable that's selling book in America and there's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific
This is Dr. Phil off the top of his head and eat your advice exactly. Let's go to your cause Kudalane Idaho. Hello. Hi Larry
Hi, what's the question? Dr. Phil. I just started a new diet. My doctor gave me any words of wisdom
You are going to fail you're not gonna get back to that weight Tampa Florida. Hello
Hey guys hold on one second. I'm opening up a box of Twinkies Twinkies. Whatever the first step. What's the question?
There's a whole lot of second. I'm reading a twinkie great. That's a question
Do you know how late the dairy queen is open 24 hours a day seven days away binge for revenge one more call
Wins well man. Hello Dr. Phil both my turns works. I have to fix a lot of my own meals
What should I have for breakfast ice cream cookie? Are you sure no question about it?
I teach you said I should have food or cereal or something bad idea or that's not healthy
That's not good. We'll be back with more Dr. Phil the element weight solution
Yes, number one on the New York Times list core more calls after this. That is one of my favorites binge for revenge
I don't know what it is
Maybe it's just the way he says that you're like pulling a southern sound at his that draw makes you see my stomach
10.07 at 5.60 WQ. I'm happy Friday to him
cocaine found in snack peanut bags on avianca flight to Miami
Oh
Investigators yesterday found about 20 grand worth of cocaine disguised as snack size bags of peanuts
I'm an avianca flight from Columbia to Miami
No passengers on the plane ate any of the 51 bags of peanuts
They held a total of 2.6 pounds of the drugs said Zach Mann a spokesman for the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection
avianca flight dose from Badan Kia Columbia landed at Miami International around 12.45 PM
He said a dog sniffing a drugstiffing dog or a dog sniffing drug doing a routine search of the plane
Lured in agents to the presence of drugs in the galley man said investigators know to the peanut bags didn't feel right
So they open them up and found
The blow
Our concern is that people who we them just ripped the bags open and popped them in their pus man said for all practical matters
Who would have killed them you ready for that?
Oh, what a way to go with a little blow
No one has been arrested officials were trying to determine who loaded the penis peanuts on the plane where they came from man said
Avianca officials in Miami didn't return a full message seeking comment says this comes sentinel
In 1990 a man died after drinking liquid cocaine disguised as a Latin American soft drink
The drink had been smuggled into mommy in wholesale sized cases from Columbia and the smugglers inadvertently let's them get into the retail market
What a damn shame. Yeah
So there you go another I don't want to be the negative and I'm gonna give you a chance to rip me an ass today on the pool. Don't you like my pool?
It's the kind of thing that they really sink their teeth into
We'll get to a momentarily. I also don't want to be negative about that great new stadium
We're gonna have right there in Miami right by the old B right side by each
But there's an article in the hero today that says north of date fans say drive to Miami stadium would be too far
For many who live north of P. P. Park attend to games in a new ballpark in Miami would be too much trouble
In other words, they don't want to go through that eight-hour drive. They don't want to go through all that crap on I
95 they don't not located well
Most people don't want to go to Dave County who don't live in Dave County
They've most of the ones who live there wish they're like a get out. I
Mean they're just never gonna get the message until it's too late
So I say go for it build another white elephant can't hurt you already got a whole
You got that metro rear you got the Miami arena you got that Mickey Eerson Yanta center over there
Downtown that nobody wants to go to and even the ones who do have no interest in what's going on on the court
For all of its losses of baseball field it says pro player stadium sits smack at the center of the Florida Marlins fan base
No Schmidt Wow
I'm gonna try to explain that to these people for so long and you'll get these calls you hear on the sports shows
Well, you know that's stated, but they want we don't want to build it there. It's such a bad location
why I
mean
Forget it and for many who live north of that address meaning P. P. Park the prospect of a new ballpark in central Miami don't sit well
I won't go to a new stadium in downtown Miami says Jeff D. Celle a November finds a passion fan or city goes to 35 games here
He says he'll watch it on TV
And then it goes on with the stats about the fan base and about 40 40 in the 12 and
On a Marlins but then season tickets a 45% were sold and Broward
37% and date and 13% in Palm Beach County is a 2000 and
Team officials said the current figures are roughly the same. Oh, there's that fire alarm thing
Oh, you're gonna show boys. I'm talking the F. R.
That my pacemaker wait a minute now have your attention. Please the buildings burning down
Yes
Did you sit in French too?
He said we're gonna test the fire alarm system and we hope that we crank it up real out
So we screw up that damn fat bastard fag who's trying to do his radio show?
This is even better than yesterday when those people came into my
Home invasion that's a little home invasion right during the middle of the show. Okay yesterday's pull shut off pal
You're too freaking loud you idiot
Where you're what he said we're about to conduct that should be the tip off right there
We're about to conduct you silly connect conduct this just put the damn thing on let it scream and wail and get all carried away
We'll give you the result from yesterday's pull which I thought was pretty good
Although anything that has to do with music this audience they don't like it
Generally speaking because I'm an old fart you're almost an old fart and get the oh, you know
You're a little more into the music that they know what the hell it is
But even so they don't like our taste in music
Now you're gonna say oh you're wrong about that. They like my taste Mia
You got about six assholes there including that one that Teddy guy that Teddy bucks one or whatever his name is whatever
He say grats no matter what you do. Oh, man George that was the neatest fart I ever smelled him
I like can my stick my nose in there again real deep. Yeah, that kind of stuff. We all have those
Then we have our detractors like when you're standing who decided he was gonna vote for you on the pool
He doesn't like your song
by song
Well, I was what the pool was anyway the pool was what song is so annoying you never want to hear it again
Macarena wins hands down and I'll give you the rest of the results, but we got to do the break
We got to do the break because those nice long crossovers from Scott managed to kill most of the first segment
Which I absolutely love, you know as long as that stupid little bastard Robert Greeper opens up my pot at 10 o'clock
He's not allowed to smoke it, but he can open it up and you know and at 10 o'clock. That's when the show starts and
For well-consistent, you know until new 12 30 as far as I'm concerned. Don't you agree?
Absolutely in fact, I wouldn't even mind if he just did all the talking
Hey, when you see mattress there is advertising a 50% off sale is it a trick or a treat?
Happy Halloween by the way
Have they inflated the regular price to give a false impression of savings?
Do they just have one piece to sell the sell price and then once that piece is gone
They try to get you to buy a full price set and rip your ass off
The mattress industry is loaded with phony claims and shell games like these
That's why you ought to be calling the folks I do business with
Dottomatrus 1 800 mattress no phony promises no bait and swish just discount presses every day of your life on the brand names
You know and trust now including stirons of it and as foster
Honest sales practices and fantastic unbeatable service keep Dottomatrus ranked numeral uno in customer satisfaction
When you call 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery like for example two days from noon to two
Any two hour windows seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Wednesday 1 30 to 3 30 Thursday
247 until 4 47
Dottomatrus is the way to go
I've been sleeping on the mattress and Dottomatrus for years and you ought to be doing it too for you and your back with low prices
Same day delivery free stuff and mobile. It's easy to see my Dottomatrus is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction
So please do yourself a big favor be smart for once in your life
Don't get fooled don't get sucked in by those phony mattress storms or furniture stirons
They're not in the same league with Dottomatrus column right now. They'll be knock on you door
Whatever you want and you'll be sleeping like a baby with a real smile on your purse call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or online check them out at mattress.com
Local
I want to bang in the butt honey
Yeah
Oh
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
All right.
Brackum.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
I just had a great inspiration about it.
It was a snappest, I was like, well, they're all
with them for a friendship right now.
John the Hammond and the Leo.
This is a Melvo.
I think what they ought to do.
Whatever is name is.
John Lee, Melvo.
I think what they ought to do is like take them and like, you know,
put the orange jumpsuits on and put them in chains and like stand them out
or part of the courthouse.
And all of the victims who are still alive in their families let them drive around.
And the family, some family member could drive them and the victims could be in the trunk of the car with a rifle.
You see what I'm saying?
Right, right.
And so you think that's a great idea.
I mean, you know what they say about an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Right.
But you don't have to go through all that.
Just stand them out in front of the courthouse.
The rest will take care of itself.
No, no, I don't want the rest to take care of itself.
I'm not sure that the right people do it and in the right way too, so that they see.
And of course there'll be like decoy cars.
There'll be cars where the trunk is just a jar.
You know, just enough so it appears that they're...
And it actually will have like stunt rifles poking out.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
Poking out of the end of where the trunk is, just that little opening is to keep them all balanced.
So that when a real one comes out.
Oh, she I didn't think it was that one.
Look out!
Oh, it is that one.
Stuff like that.
I don't want to start getting carried away, but I think just killing both right on the CBS
Evening News.
I get some numbers back for Dan, even though he's an asshole.
He is an American, no, let's hear it.
Unlike, of course, the Peter Jennings, which we know he and American A.
And Tom Brokall, you know where he was from if you could understand what Ellie was saying.
What song is so annoying you never want to hear it again?
That was yesterday's pull question, 1155 vote.
The Macarena, Lo Steal Rio, they don't want to ever hear that piece of crap again.
It's been just jammed down your throat until it's coming out of your...
Porsy your body.
Correct them.
The Macarena 207.
The Dolphins number one song.
Amazingly, how do you like that, huh?
86 for a strong second place.
Miami has the Dolphins.
The greatest football team.
We take the ball from cold to gold like no one's ever seen.
Who left the dogs out by the Bahamans, 79 votes?
Don't worry, be happy, Bobbim, experiment 62.
God bless America, just generic, not by Kate Smith necessarily or anybody else.
Just that song, 57.
Especially since a lot of people are using it to exploit people's emotions and exploit the 3000 people who died on 9-11.
My heart will go on, Celine Dion had Philly.
Feelings by Morse Albert, 38.
Crack in the top 10.
I will always love you by the anxious beaten-off and Whitney Houston, 32.
Beatin' off.
Yeah, beaten off.
Yeah, why they used to say about Whitney when she first became a big star.
They say they can't beat Whitney and Bobby Brown used to say one of that.
God bless the USA, lean green wood's god.
BOT TURD MAN!
And you light up my life, Debbie Boone tied with that one wood.
BOT TURD MAN!
Sweet Home Alabama Leonard Skinnerd, which I find is to be sacrilegious and a bunch of red necks are going to come and beat you to crap out of you for just for this.
Again, 29 for Sweet Home Alabama.
I like that song. I don't care what you say.
I like that...
Aki Breakey Heart, Billy Ray Cyrus, and we again apologize for much of the spelling on here, which is what makes it fun.
27 tied with Rock and Roll Part II Gary Glitter, which only had 27 should have been much, much stronger than that.
Much, much bigger than that.
Kanga, Gloria Estefan, tied with a village people in YMCA 23 apiece.
It's a small world after all was tied with funky time by Lipson 22 apiece,
loving you many represent 21 Mamba number 5, Lou Bigger, tied with police, Navé Dodd, Josepolis, out of 20 apiece.
We are the world USA for Africa 17.
Now who are the people on that video? There was Michael Jackson.
Huh? Now wait a minute.
Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, was on there, right?
Yeah.
All the Americans.
What's his name from the miracle? Smokey Robinson was in there, right?
James...
James, that other Schwarzer, what else is his name?
He's very good too, by the way. James...
Pearl Jones.
James Gendelfini.
James Ho Ray.
James Gendelfini.
Jingle Bell's the Barking Dog 16, Don, Geshoin, Way Newton 15, Seasons in the Sun, Terry Jackson, tied with Proud Mary and CCR with 13 apiece,
Liven Lave, the Loka Ricky Martin and Crimey River, Justin Tinkerbell, 12 apiece.
Ebony and Ivory, Pomec Cartney and Michael, I mean Stevie Wonder, 11 apiece, 11 with Barbie Girl, also by Aqua 11.
When beneath my wings, 10 votes, Vet Middler, also 10 for Taya, Lerubin, Tony Orlando and...
Oh and Don, we got it, not Don, Tony Orlando and Don.
In the year tonight, Phil Collins has got 10.
Nine votes for Amtus Sexy by Right Said Fred and also Freiber, Leonard Skinner.
Eight votes for Musgraut Love by Captain Schlameel and Eight for Amtus, I will survive, Leroy Gendel.
That was what was playing it while my speaker yesterday.
When it was tested out to speak her thing to see where you will find it.
Or in the game, or in the game.
Celebration by Cool and a Gang was tied with Sandstorm by DeRude and Copa Cabana and with Six and also sure people ready to win had Six.
Lave and Red, Chris DeBurg tied with Re, are the champions by Queen 5 votes apiece.
Unforgettable Natalie Cole, I honestly love you Olivia Newton, John and Ghostbusters, Ray Parker, Jr.
They aged had four.
We've only just begun and MacArthur Park, Richard Harris, three apiece, escaped the Pingakolata song, Rupert Holmes had three.
I love the way Eric actually put that on here.
The Pingakolata song, you pervert.
Brand new key melody, just the way you are, Billy Joel, money for nothing, Darius Straits and Kansas,
Desson and Win two apiece.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with Kansas and I love Desson and Win Whoever, the two people voted for that.
Right, your case is closed.
I like Kansas.
I like Kansas.
Even though they're Christians.
Vogue by Madonna and Bill Buttercup and Friends and Low Places by Garth Brooks had one apiece.
And no votes.
This is maybe one of the big scandals, even a Bush administration can't top this out of almost 1200 votes.
Zero.
Let me make sure. Let me look again at the bottom of my list here.
Yeah, three load. I don't want to accept that.
Huh?
No votes for Chris Cross and say, still zero out of 1169, nearly 1200 votes.
And we couldn't muster up one for poor Chris Cross.
That's amazing.
Because that is a very annoying song.
And that's a very hunky.
Oh, say in fact, everything Chris Cross does is extraordinarily tricky.
People who I can probably listen to the coast, you know, probably like that syrup.
They're like Michael Bolton and Ray Manelow and Chris Cross and that real, real ineffectual, wimpy, limperisted piece of crap
that even an old fag like me can't handle, kind of so-called music.
It's slush. It's syrup. It's crap.
It makes you want to barf.
Makes you want to wretch.
So anyway, here's today's poll.
Because obviously I make a lot of people want to wretch and so you, George, who you've had plenty of chances.
Let's give him a chance to rip me an ass today. I like it. I enjoy it.
What's your biggest beef with Neil? That's our poll question today.
And I've got, let's see, three, six, nine.
Count them. I got a whole bunch of choices.
Yeah.
Nine, nine choices.
He's too liberal.
He's too effing negative.
He hangs up on too many callers.
He's too much of a fag.
He rips mode too much. Right?
Absolutely.
Too much sports talk. Not enough sports talk.
He's out of Miami too much.
And I have no real beef with Neil.
Did I wear that right? He's out of Miami too much.
Should the piece away from...
I don't know.
Out of town. I don't know. Whatever.
No, it's okay. They understand what that means.
If they don't...
If they can't figure that out, then they're not qualified to vote on the poll.
No, no, you know what I mean.
If somebody had to explain to the poll question, then just lay out.
Then you're not qualified to vote on there.
What's your biggest beef with federal of Neil?
He's too liberal. He's too effing negative.
He hangs up on too many callers.
Now, the second one here, of course, is going to get a lot of votes.
Especially from the Marlon contingent.
You think John Henry had his stuolies that used to like getting on this stuff and do the crank calls.
This... this outfit's got the same thing.
It's probably the same people.
He hangs up on too many callers.
He's too much of a fag.
He rips mode too much.
Too much sports talk.
Not enough sports talk.
He's out of Miami too much.
And I have no real beef with Neil.
We'll see if there's anybody who says that.
Just to suck up a little.
I'm going to say that. My choice isn't on here.
Because it's almost my birthday.
Well, what's your choice?
Not enough bedtime stories.
Mmm.
That's not very good.
No, okay. Well, we can add two more.
Two much reading.
And not enough reading.
All right.
Huh?
How's that?
So now we have 11 choices on there.
Two much reading and not enough reading, meaning the bedtime story.
And you could even put bedtime stories in parentheses.
So they understand.
Because they don't know what reading means.
27th past 10.
And by the way, speaking of reading, don't go out and buy that South Beach dive book.
Please, I'm going to tell you that again every day.
It's high.
Forget about it.
Don't waste your money.
It's just a cheaper property.
Actions with a bunch of recipes and a bunch of interviews within sipping people.
And a bunch of puffed piece promos for his favorite restaurants on South Beach by Dr. Aguistan.
Man, oh man.
I pissed off at you, Dr. Aguistan.
You're just faking the public and you're making a lot of money doing it.
You check it out.
I don't like people that exploit fat people because I'm one of us.
Speaking of great restaurants, and you will not find them in the book,
one of the best kept dining secrets is located in Coral Springs.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill.
They just celebrated their one-year anniversary.
And they got three and a half big fat juicy stars from the Sun-Senthal Showtime Dining Review.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill has all kinds of amazing mouthwatering specialties.
When you just hear the name of them, you understand just how great they are.
Mango Plum Salmon.
Alm and Crusted Mahi Mahi.
Orange Honey Glazed Seabass.
And Craven Shrimp Stuffed Trout.
There's an amazing bar atmosphere inside the joint with extensive wine and martini list too.
Big martinis that have the only five and a half bucks from four to seven pm every day, seven days a week.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill you'll find it in Coral Springs at 2752 North University Drive Inside the Beautiful Walk Shopping Center.
For reservations called 954-255-FISH.
For reservations and information, you can dive inside or outside large parties, private functions are welcome to experience the best kept secret
and lunch and dinner dining with Gold Coast Seafood Grill in Coral Springs at 2752 North University Drive including inside the Walk Shopping Center.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll find great seafood and great prices too.
My and Low.
This is Fort Real 560.
Way to go.
God.
Allen Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey, how was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Allen Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop-up.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from femoral pines.
You know, the Yen-Fes who say, all Neal, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In.
Credible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got?
I'm not.
I'm not!
What's Lephala got?
Three points, something?
Sing your tracks deductible contributions today in carob-hot 105.
Terminal.
Unbelievable.
No, I certainly follow the streets of the fish.
It's 37 votes already, and it just went up there only moments ago.
What's your biggest beef with Neal?
I have no real beef with Neal 19.
That's what I voted because I agree with everything I say.
He's too liberal for.
He's got a Miami too much for it out of town too much.
See, the interesting part of it is that they really don't know if I'm out of town or if I'm in town.
No, they don't.
If I'm out of town today, then how did I attend the Stamp Rating Super?
Or the Ice Night.
And drive my truck as home.
Right.
He rips mode too much three.
Not enough reading the two.
Too much sports talk two.
Too much reading one.
He's too much of a fag one.
Probably too much gays banter is what they mean.
He's too effing negative one.
Ninety-nuff sports talk zero, and he hangs up on too many call or zero.
Well, maybe we can rectify that today.
All right.
Now let's give it a shot.
Here's our first call from Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neal.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Happy Halloweeny.
And back to you.
You missed one song yesterday.
I tried to get on.
I can still hold it on since yesterday, but that's okay.
What a butterfly kiss.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, we suck.
Good one.
Oh, bad luck.
That's a good choice.
It's out of town anyway.
And anyway, my vote on the poll be I really have no beef with you, my friends.
Well, thanks for the talk to you.
I'm hae a great weekend.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
See you there.
You go right.
See you.
You were ready for me to hang up on somebody.
This guy's licking away.
In fact, my touchy feels like nice and moist now.
All right.
Can we stop you?
All right.
You've had little piece of both cheeks there.
Nice job, pal.
Thank you.
Well, I'm kind of surprised at that because you know, there are a lot of malcontents.
I don't have to tell you.
Because boy, oh boy.
When we give them a chance to review, it's like a video.
They man it's like a fiesta.
They wake up from their fiesta, turns into a fiesta.
We hate jars, jars, rarribe.
I mean, I don't know why that is because have it on for a million years.
But they seem to be more polarizing than I am.
I don't know how that's possible.
I'm not you.
Because they eat now, but it's either they love you, which is about ten of them.
Or they just, they really despise.
I mean, barely hate.
They hate anyone who ever sat in for you.
No, I don't think that's it.
No, they don't hate suds.
Well, he never sat in.
Who else ever sat in for me?
Randy.
Randy.
What?
Yeah.
They would get shredded.
Defo sat in for me.
How was that?
Both times it was supposed to last a week and they never got past the second day.
Either one of them because the outpouring, the Defo, what was that?
Back at IOD.
You're crazy.
We did two shows together.
I'd board up.
I produced a Defo, sat in on the show.
I'm telling you.
What the hell do you talk about?
He did a sports show?
You know.
Man.
Got it.
That's a Defo.
I like that.
By the way, I hear rumor that a50 is going all Portuguese sports is what I'm here.
Look out.
Here's a call from Milwaukee.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, one song that we truly, truly miss is Paradise by the dashboard lights by Meatloaf.
Oh, do I hate that song?
Haven't heard that in a coon's age.
I used to work in a bar.
There's a college bar and they played it every night and I wanted to take a baseball bat to
some of those little girls.
That's a good one.
Wanted to pound them.
Well, listen, enjoy some proud worth for us, Pally.
Absolutely, brother.
And worship down with some old Milwaukee.
Old Milwaukee light.
See ya.
Love you.
Milwaukee is an interesting place.
A lot of Nazis there.
I've never been there.
That's of course not the good place for me to be.
I mean, as long as the Nazis have taken over the whole government and the state of
California, which by the way, 80% of California is burned to the ground.
Yeah.
Friend of mine made a good point though and that is that from an ecological standpoint, the forest fires are good
because there are a lot of insects that need the fire to exist.
Right.
Is that right?
It's part of the ecosystem.
I'll be damned.
So you see, out of even the most negative nasty, hostile, horrendous thing when all these people are losing their homes and the tears are rolling down their cheeks and they're screaming and wailing and all their possessions, their whole life is going up in smoke.
We can find some little good thing there for the bugs, you know, right?
You know, 90% of all forest fires occur naturally.
You do understand how one of the major fires started, don't you?
I can tell you.
Oh, you didn't hear it.
This is true.
What's that?
There were two guys out there camping or whatever the hell they were doing in the woods.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe they were doing the other one in the flurga.
And they lost contact with each other and so in order to signal his friend, you know, like the Indians with a smoke signals, he started like a little fire.
Figuring, you know, this friend, where would he be?
He'd see the smoke it up there and he'd say, well, unfortunately, probably when it's like dry as a bone in the forest, there's not really good time to start a fire.
That guy would be like drawn in court.
In fact, we ought to put him on there with John Lee Melvo and Shemar Gaggy Mahamid there, whatever his name is.
83 vote.
No, I'm serious.
I'm sick and tired of all this crap about, well, you know, I realize that everybody's in trouble with trial.
Well, let's get over there in about a half an hour and fry both their ass. I'm tired of it.
Couple of damn low count assholes driving around and the one good thing about this is that nobody's made into a racial thing yet.
That's good as for that.
I mean, how the hell could it be?
Driving around in a goddamn beat up old Jolopy, sticking a goddamn shotgun or whatever the hell was out of the back of the trunk and just picking people off for fun and profit.
And then like, oh, well, put five million dollars in account at the ATM.
Oh, man.
I'm trying to do this right now and I really mean it no more.
I mean, the gun thing you're never going to sell, but no more shfarts with guns.
OK, that's got to stop.
You follow what I'm saying?
I think that black people ought to have all the same rights as white people except that is there we draw the line.
That's right out of bully for color, but I mean, look at the wrappers.
All these just rap and just over like puff dog. They're on passions, Scott.
And if he wouldn't, if he would stop holding that thing sideways, I'll see what happens today.
No, no, no, no.
Yes, you do.
Oh, all right.
Julian has the flight attendant there, the flying mattress guy hook a whole bunch of spare seat belts together.
So we can try to get up on the top of the plane where Eve is hanging onto the antenna.
She flew out, she went to flew out, but she grabbed somehow old antenna, but she just doesn't want to die.
And here Julian is reaching up there and he's like, and of course, one of the seat belts is now just about unroversial tearing apart.
So they're hanging by a thread.
Oh, my.
And then Luis, who just made a mirror miraculous recovery from falling on all that blood pouring out of his head,
Luis has got Charlie cornered and for a moment, of course, Edna has gone,
I'm a little bit earlier.
She isn't the greatest character in the history of television.
She sure is.
Oh, Mrs. Wallace and the Wallace.
I wonder if she's came to Kevin Wallace, but anyway, she's the best or her in the pressure set.
And then Beth passes out from seeing this whole thing on TV and Mrs. Wallace says,
Hey, precious, making only popcorn for two.
As the orangutan goes to make some more popcorn while they're watching all this unfold on TV,
it says you have to be there.
You know, George is listening up and I'll tell you Sheridan considering all the stuff,
considering she was under water for several days, she looks pretty damn good again.
Unchie.
She sure does in her hospital bed.
Oh, and then of course, Teresa has been beaten on Gwen there with that bed pan.
Fun in hijinks.
And puffed organ is two goons there, man.
They got the three guys like cornered inside again and chance as well.
I'm breaking out of here.
Yeah, that's what you think.
Like a complex blackboard.
That's what you think.
It's a beautiful thing.
24-0 at 560 WQM.
If you want a really neat meal, here's a place to really enjoy.
A low price, really fresh, delicious food.
Vick and herbs originating in my hometown of Rochester, New York, way back in 1934.
69 years ago.
Isn't that just a coincidence?
69 years ago.
Vick and herbs is on federal highway.
Just out the bride, polar bar on the tunnel on the east side.
And trust me when I tell you or not, just go there and try for yourself.
Forget about me.
Vick and herbs is a real flashback in time that what good restaurants used to be before this prefabricated fast food junk.
And you know exactly what I'm talking about.
No rubber tire like meat at Vick and herbs.
You'll love their meat.
Enjoy a hamburger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast.
And a good part about their meat is that Vick and herbs has been brought here by the same folks who feed you cheap or good food.
They use the same fresh 100-grown chuck meat at Vick and herbs as they do at Vick and herbs.
There's an incredible big fat quarter pound hot dog, one of the biggest juiciest pieces of meat you'll ever suck on in your life.
And what makes Vick and herbs different from anybody else is that signature meat sauce that they pour on their burgers and dogs,
which you've never tasted, nothing like it in your life.
And you'll find a whole menu full of all kinds of goodies, including a great breakfast menu at Vick and herbs.
They got your omelettes cooked toward your French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too.
No, forget you don't have to be from Rochester.
You don't have to be from anywhere in upstate New York.
And by the way, those sabres make me sick.
See what all the talk is all about.
Vick and herbs on federal highway just south of Brard, Fort Vata, and the tunnel on the east side.
Be sure and turn that old meal.
Stent your buy.
My bite and look all this is Fort Real 560.
You're way and way.
I don't do this butter.
Here I go ahead now and break off with a little preview of Arnold.
No more determinate at all.
I'm dressed up and so too.
California's problems, what to do.
At the moment, I don't have a clue.
As you probably can tell, this new job could be held.
There'll be a bunch of women y'all that I grew up them pretty well.
Greg at the boat booths in the next few weeks weeks.
Stopping my big list of chores.
All the tour being stored.
Monies what I'm looking for is not big move to transition.
Discoverers are on a mission that I hope California.
That's the big dream that I'm wishing.
There's no time to relax.
Time instead to make tracks.
God this freaking feeling baby.
I'm about to raise off your time.
You know, those thinking rejoins that we got on the station, especially since they made little sports nerd.
I'm a silly person clearance, the program director.
They just keep getting longer and longer.
See a rejoin isn't a 30 second bit of a segment of play by play from some ballgame.
That's how we do it.
No, it's not a rejoin.
And if not, he ball's which of course we know he don't.
He go into the clearance right now and pound him into the ground or at least pound him.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
You know, this is going to stop.
When I get back there, you just wait and see.
All right, I'll bring you camp.
You wait and see.
I'm going to go into the clearance that I'm going to take a big smelly dump right there on his little paper mache back.
That's right.
He's long excruciating, especially there's a gacky ones.
And then the Dave and boring ones from the Marlins from their championship success.
And the best we can come up with is to play Dave and boring.
We should pretend that he never did one pitch.
Now forget about one inning.
He never called one pitch on our station.
Dave and boring.
That's how bad the investment level is if we had any, but we don't obviously.
God.
124 votes.
What's your biggest beef with big old fat meal?
I have no real beef with Neil 62 and exact 50%.
How do you like that?
62 out of 1.24.
You don't have to be a mathematical genius to finger that out, right?
The...
Fitty.
But, you know what that means?
50% got a beef.
Where's the beef?
2.12.
Not enough reading, 10.
Well, that's not really a beef.
That means they want more bedtime stories.
That's right.
He's out of mind me too much, 10.
And of course he sounds too happy when he's not here.
Oh, yeah.
He's too effing negative, 8.
He rips mode too much, 7.
Absolutely.
Sure.
He's too much of a fag 5.
We don't like that the fagory that awful gay banter.
Too much sports talk for.
Too much reading 3.
Not enough sports talk too.
And he hangs up on too many colors.
One.
Only one.
Like I said, we'll work on that.
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T Inforizon wireless line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My baby gets you when you get too many blow jobs and don't swallow it.
Yeah, okay.
Well, that's good, pal.
But you're just jealous.
That's not what I heard.
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T Inforizon wireless line.
That's the same grizzled little part of it.
I'm always close about Steve Keynes and said you have AIDS and all of a sudden, pal, it's really great knowing that you're still there.
Just barely hanging on a life by a thread.
But it's great knowing that you're still like, you got your miracle, you're right up to the radio.
That's for you in the lecture charge, honey.
Well, I always got it real close.
You know, he's got a right up next to the speaker.
What are those horns?
Here's a call from Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Billy, don't be a hero.
Billy, don't be a hero.
We're still the right ones here.
I thought I'd let you die.
My first job, they played it six times a night.
Now, who sang that?
I'm telling you, 20 years later, I still, it makes me shudder.
Let me say it again.
Who sang that song?
I don't know who sang it, but it just came into my head, yes, something.
I wonder if you were George, though.
Oh, yeah, I know the song.
I'll look it up into book.
I don't know who sang it, but I'll look it up.
It'll come.
I know the song very well, and you are right.
It's very annoying.
Oh, Donaldson in the Haywoods.
Who?
Oh, Donaldson in the Haywoods.
Billy, don't be a hero.
Yeah, I'm just looking up right here and you're right.
Speaking about heroes, Neil, we had a guy shoot a kid down the street
and the next development from me up here in Boka last week.
You know, this guy thinks he's rambo or something, you know?
It's funny.
It's not funny.
I have a five year old little boy in the neighbor's kid's five.
And one of the other neighbors came out and said,
just very nice, because they're really nice kids.
And he said, you know, your kid pressed my doorbell the other day
and ran away.
And I said, and now this was about three weeks ago,
and all of a sudden this other kid, you know, he's sixteen,
and he should know a little better.
But you know what?
The kid's running away from the house.
And there's another J. Levine.
And the guys in a real threat when he's running a little house.
Last the kid while he's running, you know?
I mean, you're supposed to be able to protect your home.
When the guy's breaking into the home,
or you crush him down here in your home.
I say we string right up there with the John Lee Melvo and John Muhammad.
Well, you know what the thing is, you know?
You know, if you don't even watch too many movies and think, you know,
you shoot someone,
and he ruined the people, you know, he killed the kid.
He ruined his own life.
The only fight the guy's ever been in in his life, you know,
was with probably a bagel trying to cut it open or something.
I mean, it's just that American fucking way.
You know, it really is American way.
I had an old man the other day in the plaza right next to tomorrow.
Okay?
Pull out, he's 60 years old,
and I'm coming down the lane in the parking lot,
and he pulls out and starts yelling at me.
Then nobody else would let him out.
And I said, my problem is nobody else would let you out.
So you cut him.
He's 60 years old.
I'm 40.
I'm 60 to 35.
And I'm looking at the guy like, you've lost your freaking mind.
I'm looking at the guy going, but you know,
if I get out of the truck, you're really going to get some sicker.
And he's yelling at me.
And I'm like, really people sitting there, you know.
Don't take any crap, man.
Get him.
Nail him.
You like those sounds that, see, they usually don't do this during the show,
and I requested that they do one of these fire alarm tests during the show.
That's the fact that certain something of the ambiance.
How loud can you hear that?
Pretty clear.
Good.
That's good.
That's a little more the ambiance.
Yesterday, I had like, not in shooters, but people from maintenance
inside the apartment during the show, which kind of took me a back.
And today, we got the damn fire alarm test during the show,
which I would say unacceptable.
Oh, speaking of doing a little more reading, this is worth the reading,
which you were told me about, people sent it to us,
and I can confuse it with another story from AP, it's on our website.
Companies awarded $8 billion in contracts to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan
have been major campaign donors to President Bush,
and the executives have had important political and military connections
according to a study released yesterday.
How do you like that, huh?
Sounds like a dirty liberal line.
Let's be just another coincidence, don't you think?
And I'll tell you, speaking of cover-ups, man,
that rusting, it's just like it died.
It's just another word about that.
The study of more than 70 U.S. companies and individual contractors
turned up more than a half a million dollars in donations
to the President's 2000 campaign, more than they gave collectively
to any other politician over the past dozen years.
The report was released by the Center for Public Integra,
the Washington-based research organization that produces investigative articles
on special interest in ethics and government.
Its staff includes journalists and researchers.
The Center concluded that most of the 10 largest contracts went to companies
that employed former high-ranking government officials,
or executives with close ties to members of Congress
and even the agencies awarded them their contracts.
Major contracts were a rack-and-aft Afghanistan
were awarded by the Bush Administration without competitive bids,
because agencies said competition would have taken too much time
to meet urgent needs in both countries.
Right.
No single agency supervised the contracting process for the government,
Center Executive Director Charles Lewis said,
this situation alone shows how susceptible the contracting system is
to waste, fraud, and cronyism.
Absolutely correct.
So there's a little reason for the entire story is on our website
on thearrogers.com along with a lot of other really good stuff.
And by the way, speaking of guns, how much money do you think they wasted yesterday
with that big investigation over the early Halloween celebrators
with their toy gun?
$150,000, I don't know.
Is that how much it was?
I don't know. I'm just pulling it out of my eye.
I guarantee more than that.
More than that.
And they had like, oh, everybody had to evacuate the building.
I guarantee you want them.
There's a lot of evacuating going on.
Some of them people looked ashen.
Oh, there's some too crazy people in there with guns.
Oh, what are we going to do?
You know, and in America, you do need to take it seriously,
because like this last guy said, everybody in America's got guns.
They're in love with guns.
It's a sickness.
It's a national sickness, and you can't for love or money talk those people out of it.
Well, the fourth amendment says this, and the second amendment says,
hey, I got the amendment for you right up your ass, okay?
You can take your gun and stuff it.
And it's not.
I would tell you right now that 98% of the people in the US are not either emotionally
or in any other category qualified to be owning a gun.
Right?
Right.
Just try to stop them.
If you try to take your gun away.
There's just three of us, and that's about it.
I don't know about Scott.
Oh, there's the sharper image with that air thing again.
The ionic breeze.
It blows right through your knee.
That blows all right.
For that old guy, they just called it a little one ago.
That one from Brighton.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami on a bad phone.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, he didn't put Gloria and the phone on that phone, right?
She sucks.
Well, that's something she does good, evidently.
That's what his name said.
What's his name?
Emilio.
Emilio said.
He said she sucks, which is probably the only reason they're still together.
Yes, she was on the list.
It's amazing how somebody's people.
I don't mind adding ones on it.
We forgot.
That's OK.
But this guy.
And by the way, what we have here is a failure to educate.
A failure to educate.
1150.
What is it?
Noon already?
I'll be dead.
It's 130.
What's that schedule look like today?
Well, the little dog is on again.
The schedule does say, man, it's back next week.
And we'll believe that when we hear it.
He's been just goofing off by hell of a lot.
You think that I'm out of town and off the earth two day much?
At least if I'm out of town, I'm still usually on the air.
Oh, that would be it.
There's another one for the poll.
Too many vacations.
Oh, yeah.
Huh?
Right.
That'll win.
Too many vacations.
And I got one more.
Sorry, Eric.
Got one more.
He puts George on.
Oh, that's good.
He's filling.
He puts George on.
To fill in.
Did you ever put others to fill in the wreck and wheel tied around your arms?
I've been local.
This is five-six-year-old.
The radio's on your side.
You in.
Angrake is funny.
They read my dog, though.
I'm just good there with that hair and sound out.
They know this loudness that could trick or treat.
They walk for miles and miles till they fill up all their bags.
Then they'll go home and ride out their teeth.
On this Halloween night.
With those Halloween kids.
They just got so right.
Taking all that you give.
And they'll give you a ride.
With their big scary wings.
Can they candy or not?
Then they'll eat it like pigs.
As soon as they're stopped.
There's no up and they keep coming on and on.
For hours later, you'll finally alone.
You end up with three bags of candy.
You'll turn and give away.
Next year you'll pretend there's nobody home.
On this Halloween night.
Even out some kid cats.
To those ghosts that get blind.
Making all of them fat.
On this Halloween night.
With those Halloween friends.
If you turn out your life.
Then some kids will go flat.
On this Halloween night.
With those Halloween friends.
I think it just fair payback is a bitch.
Some of the homeowners go out there and buy a few dozen eggs.
And when the kids ring the bell, if you're one of those people.
Like a star, a person doesn't like Halloween.
You just kind of blind side them with the eggs.
Like maybe through the window when they're not looking.
When they're standing in the door, we're in the bell.
There's something that's a good idea.
It's a good idea.
I want to get hurt real bad from the egg in the head.
But that's a good way to deter them from the facing and the fainting your property.
And speaking of Halloween, one thing that I really despise.
See that I am being negative again because they say I'm too negative.
Is that Halloween not the candy you give away.
But what is that colonel corn?
What do they call that?
Candy corn.
Is that what they call it?
Yes.
You know what I mean?
It's like orange and white and real.
And codons.
Huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Candy corn.
That's crap.
That's stuff.
How would anybody eat that?
The people really eat that or is it just like for decoration?
No, they eat it.
They do?
Sure.
Oh my god.
That stuff tastes like mung.
If you really eat candy, eat something good.
Chocolate.
Get a chunky.
I mean, let's see.
We got 200 or a crispy critters.
205 oats on a pole already.
What's your biggest beef with meal?
And now I'm under 50% see that to me.
That's like the important support level as Maria Vartaroma would say.
That's the key support level.
It's 50% and I'm falling below.
A hundred say I have no real beef with me.
That's 48.7%.
So over half the audience has got a beef.
He's 2 F a negative 21.
2 liberal 18.
He's out of my any too much.
He's away 17.
Not enough reading.
Not enough bedtime stories.
14.
He rips mo too much.
Nine.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
He's too much of a fag six.
He's not not enough sports talk for too much reading for too much sports talk for.
See that kind of cancels out them.
Not enough in too much sports talk too many vacations three.
He hangs up on too many callers three and he puts George on to fill in only two.
See?
Oh, it'll win.
Well, I'm sure that we have a few people wish they could change their vote.
No, that's I'm just making it up.
They love the job you've been doing lately.
It just keeps getting better and better.
In fact, I'm thinking like about 11 30 just for practice.
Let's go to the here's this thing you just passed along.
Join George Miguel and Boca Brian.
I remember Boca Brian used to do some margolata really funny stuff for this show.
Hey, it's in the mail.
You know, he ought to be in the mail.
I'm going to stamp his damn bald head if he doesn't get with it.
You know, it's what.
See, one thing I'm learning never pay people for work upfront before the work is done.
That would be like paying the camera ever.
No seriously, like paying the camera before he gets you to your destination.
Okay, sir, here's 30 bucks.
Thank you.
Okay, well, get out.
You know, that kind of thing.
It doesn't, it's not a good practice.
Join George Miguel and Boca Brian today for the six of the Cheetah and Helen Dale beats 100
Aston, Aston, Boulevard.
Is there really a place called Aston Boulevard?
Does it name after Ed Aston from Channel 7?
No, I don't know, but it's there.
It's not spelled the same.
Well, that's one block east of I 95 on the north side of Helen Dale beats Boulevard.
Enjoy happy hour drinks, specials and real prizes.
Not the usual crap that we try to entice people to show up with.
Real prizes like t-shirts and heat and pan through tickets.
And of course, they'll have the best of me.
And we're tonight's two are fancy, fancy CDs and those Mohawar David Keychains that we can't give away.
So stop by and get some loot and save a dog.
Oh, that's cute.
Band of pet rescue save a dog.
Maybe a pussy or two as well.
Yeah, if you want.
Maybe a cool possum.
Edicuana.
Let's see.
Neil, maybe on your pole you should change Neil Rift's mode too much.
It says maybe you should change Neil Rift's mode too much and change it.
He doesn't rip Moan up.
Okay, well, let's put that one on there too.
There's no limit to the categories we can have on here.
It's going to be up all weekend.
This is our weekend pool.
Let's keep it up all weekend.
This is our hate Moe shows.
The I hate Moe shows starting Monday.
That's not a bad idea.
Keep up the good work and enclosing our weed blessed to have the Marlins and Mohawar David.
That's an excellent point.
Thank you, Alex.
This is a different Alex.
Different from the usual one.
Well, he'll be sounding in 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And seriously, those people, for example, who say I'm too negative,
I'd like to know what I'm negative about.
See, those are the emotional cripples out there.
Those are the people who would like me to jump on a Marlin van Wagen's and say,
we love them and didn't I beg Monday and Tuesday, by the way,
did I beg people to call in on Tuesday from the parade?
Did I beg for people who were enthusiastic and all are cited and who's up by this?
And we didn't get any.
No.
We got finally like one or two at the end of the show because they felt sorry for me because it was so,
or maybe they felt sorry for the community because it was so embarrassing.
Boot called it.
Boot called it twice.
Oh, and I noticed line one still I was going to put it up.
Yeah, I can't do it right now.
Or yes, I can.
See, that's there you go.
There was the end of boot calls both times.
And he said, you know, you hang up on people too much.
He's voting on the poll right now.
5, 6, 7, let's see, I'm full of that, a 46.1%.
I'm never going to make 50%.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
I should never said that.
You know, now they're really piling on.
That's okay.
I can handle it.
Here's a call from Miami.
When is this?
Nailed for more than a day.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry.
I was trying to get on right after the gentleman called from Boka, Riton.
I'm at the end of my rope with Idiot.
Okay.
It's funny thing about that story.
There was about 10 kids there.
And eight of them were smart enough to go play video games.
Game up for smart enough at 812.3.9 to go and play video games except for the ones who didn't know any better.
Obviously, there hadn't been taught well enough or we're too mong-brained to start with to be doing something so stupid.
At 12.30.9.
If somebody comes on your porch at 12.30.9 and wakes you up, how do you think you're going to react?
You're probably not going to shiver somebody unless it's previously happened to you twice, which is just what the Palm Beach Post reported to us last week.
Give me an answer.
Let me ask you this.
Was he the kid inside the house?
No, but listen, bottom line is still going on.
Someone else's property at night where you know your neighborhood.
I'm not supposed to be.
I'm not saying that's the guy.
But we certainly shouldn't vilify a guy who's a victim of being the private accident also.
You don't think his life is the hell I know?
Well, sure because he killed a kid.
Why did he kill the kid?
Why was that kid on his porch, Neil?
Was the kid inside the house?
Was the kid armed?
Was the kid dangerous?
No, I don't want to argue with you, sir.
It's not, it's people who make excuses for people who take other people's lives.
This is the biggest problem in America is that life is too cheap.
He killed a kid for no good reason whatsoever.
The kid represented no threat to him.
In fact, if he was so concerned about it, why didn't he call 9-11?
He shot the kid in the back.
Yeah, the kid was running away.
Oh, but he might have dropped a bag of turds on my front porch or something.
One of them pranks that all of us have done.
I think back to Halloween's in past years, okay?
And my friends and I when I was a kid, we had a neighbor right next door to my house.
She was a real bitch.
You can relate to that.
You've had some crappy neighbors in your time.
I mean, it was just a hostile and nasty family.
And a friend of mine, what's always his name?
It almost come to me.
And his name was a Jewish kid.
How unusual in Brighton.
Hi.
Yeah, hi.
And we would take bags.
We would take little paper bag and fill it up with like a dog poop.
You know, we'd get in the backyard.
I had a little dog skipping.
And he would occasionally actually take a crap.
And we'd like stick it in the bag and throw up the bag real tight and put it on the porch.
And then run away.
You wouldn't set fire to it?
No, we didn't set fire to it.
Because we lived next door.
We didn't want our house to burn down.
See, white folks don't burn down their own neighborhoods.
But, well, no, it's true.
I guess Jews don't either.
And no, Jews definitely don't do that.
But the fact that they burn down the Palestinian neighborhoods.
The fact that it matters is that if somebody were taught us for putting a bag of dog crap on her porch,
I mean, I think that might have been a little bit over the top, don't you?
As the saying goes, a little over the top.
She could have just thrown the bag back at you.
But you see, I'm too negative and I hung up on it.
Well, I didn't want to, I mean, he had to say, you know, that was, he was on for quite a while.
But I just, I find it difficult for you to accept the fact you're defending a guy,
at least in some part, who shot and killed a kid who didn't represent a threat to him or anybody else.
And I don't care if he had his home invaded 50 times.
This, this business of making excuses for killing people, this is part of the American sickness.
That's why I prefer much of the year to live in a place that's a little bit more civilized,
whether you people like it or not.
I don't care if anybody likes it. They don't like it.
I like living in a place and even a place that I visit.
You walk down the streets and you're safe.
Not everybody is safe. There's crap that can happen anywhere.
But generally speaking, it's not a slaughterhouse.
Like Michael Moore tells you, if you watch bowling for a Columbine, read any of his books.
America's a freaking slaughterhouse. They're gun crazy.
And the bottom line is that not enough you people have respect for human life.
I don't get it. And I'm the one who's supposed to be the heathen bastard.
But you see, maybe that's the deal.
Of course you only got one shot at it if you're part of that expression and you only live once.
So when somebody takes your life away, that's the ultimate. You just can't do it.
Can't do it. No excuses.
If you're defending yourself, if you were your family or your dog or whatever,
if somebody's gonna kill you, okay.
Blow all right crap away.
Don't give me any inspiration, okay?
What's your biggest beef would need? I have no real beef with the 111,
but that's only 45.4%.
Of course, we added some more categories, which is not good for me.
Seeing out of 244 votes, that brings me down.
Oh, there's that alarm. Is this the end of the test of the fire alarm, please?
Would you please tell us?
Yes, you can have my attention momentarily. I'm doing a radio show.
Yeah.
We've now completed. Okay, dummy up and get lost.
Okay, I'm doing a very high page show.
111, I have no real beef with me. He's 2F negative 24. He's 2L 20.
He's away from Miami too much 17.
Not enough reading. Not enough bedtime story 17.
We heard you the first time, asshole.
Too many vacation's 13. Let's move it up fast.
He rips mode too much. 10.
He puts George on the fill and you're starting to move up a little bit.
You're up to 9 now. I don't know where.
He's too much of a fag 6.
He hangs up on too many callers forward.
Not enough sports talk for too much sports talk for too much reading for.
And he doesn't have mode up one out of 244.
This is a good poll. I like it.
And the audience loves it for a day.
See, this is one of the few shows where you invite people to get right on their own website.
And tell me what they don't like.
Right? Right on.
And you know I'm going to make a lot of changes on Monday as a result of this.
No. No.
How much change my underwear each day over the weekend?
Let's hope.
That's pretty much about it.
What's Carmel corn?
Is that something different?
Carmel corn is like poppy.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, I don't serve me with that.
I love anything like that.
Ain't toffee.
I'm obsessed.
I have a sick addiction to toffee.
Like I said, I'm so obsessed with score and score ice cream and heath bars.
Anything and a coffee toffee crunch that that's first recalled in one day several months ago.
Remember? Right.
Instead, he was eating it every day and it's my fault because I got him addicted on Ben and Jerry's.
That coffee toffee crunch when you put that in the microwave for 48 seconds.
Oh man.
Have you ever had just melted down to like a little oozy consistency?
I'm serious.
It's just I can't help it.
It's just too dang good to be true.
Poppycock.
Never have that.
That's what we've used to like.
Yeah.
We got samples here.
And then I know people who like part of that anyway.
Poppy.
Love them 14 at 560.
I poppy.
And speaking of that, look at what a great segue to talk about the likes of West Booker for all you five people out there who are desperate to get something with some taste.
That's why we like the things we just got through talking about because they have some taste.
One thing you'll find is that nobody ever eats six sirloin steaks.
Okay?
Nobody ever goes and has 15 lobsters.
No matter how good they are because you know, it's just not the kind of thing that you Jones for.
But you want that sweet taste.
Most of us who are fat are got a sweet too.
That's why the lights are so great because they've got over a thousand low-car products in the store that you won't find in your regular pedestrian stores.
They got bagels and breads and cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pastas, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchups,
carbolite ice cream and much more too.
All of them low-carbs should refer your damnier close to it.
They have champion-like drinks and five delicious flavors.
Southern Delight chocolate chip cookies.
They got your apple cinnamon granola by Carbsense and Zidians of other great items for your Atkins or other low-carb diet.
And please don't buy that other book.
Please, this health beach diet don't buy it.
Don't waste the 25 bucks.
We can use the money for the dogs.
The lights are West Booker where you can sample each and every product in the store before you buy it and
we're also the Atkins product that runs sale all day every day.
The lights is open seven days a week.
Ten to ten you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston Market,
who's still in business.
It's amazing.
Or call them toll-free at 1-877 Low-Carb-LOW-C-A-R-B or on web at slowcarb.com.
The lights of West Booker is your official Atkins retail center.
We're supporting Radio 560-U-A-M.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
The lights are open seven days a week.
He puts George on the film and is moving up the list nicely.
Just like a goddamn cat climbing up a wall.
16 votes like a squirrel climbing up the side of your house.
Not enough reading.
Out of Miami away from Miami too much 19.
And I really would like to know why that makes a difference.
What difference does that make?
Is it West Company?
Do I go to Kai Ocho?
No.
Because they like you best when you're bitching and you're only pissed off as a release or not as pissed off as much when you're up there.
I don't have pissed off at all when I'm here.
See there?
Well, I'm not waiting still seem to be pretty good.
Somebody's listening but they just they would like to have me a little more on edge.
Because they want me to be as unhappy and miserable as they are.
And I just like I said after this last vacation I've got a new leaf maple leaf on life.
I just I refuse to do it.
I'm just I'm just not going to be miserable because you got a bunch of sour and nasty hateful people who want to export their misery to the rest of the world.
Screw it.
Be miserable.
Come on.
I'm over the more do it.
I'm not doing it.
He's away from I meet too much 19.
Too many vacations 20.
He's too liberal 20.
He's too effing negative 26.
9.4% and I have no real beef with neal is now down to 43.8% I'm in 21.
See if I put on 7 or 8 more categories that would even be able to crack 40%.
Right.
So it's like a self-defeating thing but that's okay.
I can handle it.
I got the big balls.
I can handle it.
Here's the facts from Rick who says.
Where's the spastic spit could be with the van invested in the merchandise.
He's got to be in his orifice with the rain servicing that pitch.
Since I have Mula burning a hole in my pocket so tell that mango munching hooliode to get off his ass and sell the stuff for the poor puppies and kittens.
Lastly, who's that witch on your web page?
He broke my screen.
Take her off.
No, not only are we not going to take her off but we have a new and improved real nasty current picture that pitch to show she looks another day over 90.
In fact, Scott was saying to me this morning who said I don't know if I've seen screw-an or not.
He said I'm looking to the picture on the web and the only person I can see is like a much older version of that crawling around here.
Some old skank.
I said that's her.
Old skanky bitch.
Was she at the party last night, George?
Yes, she was.
Screw-an was at the party and of course every day when she's there as a party.
Did you see the picture yet?
Oh, it's on there already?
Yeah.
I can't wait for this.
Plus we got some other stuff.
Is that also on there?
Yes.
Because I never know.
Well, I never on that page.
You know me.
I have to like see the inside.
I've got to go in special.
And boy, this is taking like an extra second.
Okay, let's see.
Oh, it's a beautiful thing in Typhoon Holloway and there she is.
The Witch of the East.
Screw-an.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, man.
Is that a beautiful thing?
It says it may be Holloway, but this is not a costume.
Ha ha ha ha.
Nice going screw-an.
You skanky nasty smelly bitch.
Let's see.
Here is the bush mites to say in my meeting with Arnold Schwarzenegger was very productive.
And it must be morta wood.
Oh, and then the bottom, what does it say?
Ha ha ha ha.
I learned that you grab women's boobies like this.
Oh, that's right.
He's got his hand.
That's excellent.
That's beautiful thing.
You have to see the whole thing.
Oh, and the one beneath that.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Just in time for a Holloway.
I like the prison outfit on the one.
Who is that?
I don't know.
And let's leave the bottom right.
Anyway, there is the whole bush on the rise.
There is the chainy in condoliza.
And there is who's that one?
There is a rummy in the background.
There is the bush bunch just in time for a Holloway.
And it's a beautiful thing.
So we got some great stuff for you to produce on our website, NeilRodges.com.
And you might also want to make contribution to a band of pet rescue if you would please.
37,775 boxes are total as of through yesterday.
And we're creeping along.
Well, at least crack 50 anyway.
Which is about half of what we should do.
But it's just, you know, it's one of those years.
It's tough.
Everybody is crying to blues.
Can't raise no money for charity.
So we'll do the rest we can.
And if a bunch of little dogs and puppies die and can't have a home because of the fact that you people are too tight,
you can live with that.
I'm sure you can.
It'll be on them.
That's right.
It'll be on your ass the rest of your life.
And then of course, when that day comes, when judgment day comes, and the gates of Saint, whatever it is, are waiting for you.
Saint's Peters.
And you have to answer how come you didn't cough up a couple of bucks, especially most of the people are inside the building.
You're like Greg Reed.
Did he give you a check at the apartment last night?
No.
No.
Man, I'm telling you, Greg, you really are a joke.
You're just pathetic.
All you do is use and take and take and use.
But when it comes to giving us back and helping us out, can you imagine?
Can you even imagine an IOD if Bob Green or Mike Disney wouldn't help us out with a nice big fat check?
And when we did our fundraisers, never would it happen.
Would it?
No.
Never did happen.
And here we got one like major check in there from a Duff who did a nice job.
That's because Duff has got a heart.
She's got a real heart.
She's all heart.
Oh, she has a heart problem.
Not she didn't.
And you know, lately I'm missing those health reports.
I used to get from Duff every more because he's in a big hurry.
He's got to go in there and monitor for all show.
I'll go get it.
But, huh?
He ain't doing nothing right now.
I'll go get it.
No, I don't want to health report.
I'm the air block.
How are you doing, Duff?
You know, okay.
Yeah.
He said he's okay.
He just shaped it and his head too.
But other than that, we got some people walking around that building.
Oh, didn't we also get a check from John's here?
Is he told me?
Or did I dream that?
I think we did.
I might have had the same dream.
Maybe I just dreamt that.
And Ray Harry.
And just a handful of people screw him.
What does he give us?
I'm a big pilot, turd man.
I told you about that picture.
And she did post for the picture?
Sure.
Oh, I thought that was like one of those made up jobs.
No, I got the poser, like an action figure.
That was for real.
In other words, she was in the studio because I see that picture in the background.
If you want to see the studio from which George is sitting in right now, and I usually broadcast
on the 10 days of year that I'm there, you can take a look at that because she's right in there.
And I hope you're fumigated before I get back to town.
I'm in the middle.
This is 20 or 60.
You weigh in.
No, you don't see SI.
I'm going to Alabama.
I won't know for sure until I get to the lab, but I think it looks like coveting thy neighbor's wife.
CSI Montgomery, Alabama, with a 10 commandments rule.
So what do you get for me?
Your victim had tuna salad for lunch.
Borough Falls, witness had at least several false gods before him and may not have honored his mother and father.
But all the tests aren't in yet.
CSI Montgomery, Alabama.
Sunday night at night, right after let's pray and deliverance.
Now, I'll play that because that's not like hysterically funny.
And because we had the facts and said, how about too many unfunny comedy bits?
I mean, ahead of its moments, I give it about a five on a scale of 10.
It was weak.
Well, that's why I played that one because I knew it's not very good and I wanted to read this facts.
Also, here's the fact, and I'll be for a good one.
There was just showing again that video, which I'm sure you've seen about 150 times about the fedaeen and the brutality of the rackies that video that we've not conveniently found,
to show you how brutally these people are.
Because they don't want to show any videos from the shot I've ran and our boys in a savoque and the things that they did to the people in Iran.
And about the top of dock and baby dock and the things that they didn't hate.
Right.
All of our close personal friends, now all of a sudden we decided that the same sawdum that we supported in so long kinds of chemical and biological weapons to back at early 80s,
he was brutal and he was doing these terrible things.
Just like we decided that the Taliban, who we were going to make that great business deal with for that Afghan oil pipeline, after the deal fell true and then turned out they were much of scumbags.
You mean that Taliban that we sent how many millions to?
And of course thank goodness that our friends and the Saudis don't behead those people in that hang and square, whatever the hell they call it.
What do they call that corner? They got a, whatever they call it. They got a name for it.
They shot people's heads off.
Anyway, how about the headless horseman? How's he doing? Old ikabad.
Here is another one. We're going to put that on here. Too many unfunny comedy bits.
I don't care.
Yeah, put them on there. Too many unfunny comedy bits. There's one for Eric.
And here's one. I see we're not putting this on there because I want to explain to this faxier the way it works.
It says he works for a station that plays the same sorry ass commercials over and over and over and over again.
Let me explain this to you sir. I'm sure it's a sir.
I'm WQM and I'm the only one honest enough to tell you this.
Although I think that if anybody else on our station were pressed to the test or anybody asked it would tell you the same thing.
See, the beastlies are a bunch of grave robbers. We don't really care.
If we only had one sponsor who had billions of dollars for a limited budget and we ran one spot but we ran it like 20 times an hour, we wouldn't care.
We don't care if we just play the same spot over and over back to back side by each. We wouldn't give a crap.
Besides. Yeah.
The commercials fund the programming. What difference does it make? What commercials were playing?
Because the guy wanted to he's he's reaching. He loves me. Don't you understand?
Yeah. But he's reaching desperately to find something that he can bitch about it.
And I we invited them to do it. And now you're putting them down. No wonder you moved up to almost second place.
Give me a minute.
Out of nowhere. Out of nowhere.
From a sitting start. Just what I said. You weren't on here for like the longest time for like an hour.
And just as an afterthought we thought well maybe a couple of people would be pissed off with joy.
What's your biggest beef with Neil? I have no real beef with Neil 153. That's 42.5%.
But that means 57.5% got a beef out of 360 votes. They got a problem with me. Too many vacations. 34.
By the way, I have an extra week this year. Six weeks this year. He puts Georgia on to fill in 31 to fill in.
He's too effing negative. Look at how many that's got.
About 30 man. 30. And they still want to tell me what I'm negative about. I want to hear. I want some specifics.
He's too liberal. 22. Well, I got this for that. I think I'd change that'll change today that Michael Moore becomes a right wing Republican.
He's not not enough reading 20 not enough bedtime stories. He's away from Miami too much 20. 5.5%.
Just change again. I wonder if Georgia's not you still the five behind the vacation thing.
He rips mode too much 14. He hangs up on too many callers. He does rip mode up. Eight. That's catching up.
He's too much of a fag a fairy seven. Too much sports talk five. Too much reading for not enough sports talk for out of 367.
See, I like this kind of stuff. This audience. This is the kind of thing that they can sink their teeth into.
Yeah, you know, get it out of their system. That's one of the things we provide as a free service in South Florida.
We give people a chance. There you got a lot of pet up anger and hostility and we give them a chance to let it out.
When it doubt let it out. You know, and the anger too. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Buenas. This. Hello. Yes, sir.
I'm a first time caller. I've been listening to you for years. Neil. Yes, sir. And tell you the truth.
Not that I want you to go on vacation, but when you do and that other guy comes on that George.
I'm going to sleep. I get the best four hours sleep of my life.
Not Reverend Jones. Huh? Yeah. This is it's reverence. They're all far with the okay. Well, the moisture charge for the insomnia cure was not Reverend Jones.
Every time a caller comes in, you don't like it. It doesn't like you as Reverend Jones. It was not Reverend. It wasn't even Scott.
Do you think that was Reverend Jones? But Jones puts on a voice every time he calls that was not Reverend Jones.
It was an old car. You would like a like a frog buried in his throat. Neil, who did you think it was?
Oh, that's right. I forgot Scott still don't have the rest of those hockey tickets.
Let me say it again. Scott picked yesterday, which it's rubbing off from this show. My psychic powers. I'm spreading them around.
He picked the exact score of last night's Panthers game in Ottawa, which not only the fact that they would win three to two, but just the exact score.
And they had a chance for an empty net goal right there at the end, but they didn't want to spoil it for you. So they like shot it wide. They screwed around. And that was it. That was phenomenal.
Ottawa, by the way, missed a bus to the arena, but that's their fault. That's their problem. Jacques Martin.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marles line. This story about this gay kid in Jupiter. This is very American, very pathetic.
A gay high school senior says he was outed by a teacher then kicked out of the Christian high school, the attended in Jupiter, Florida.
Now the family of 18-year-old Jeffrey Woodward has filed a lawsuit against the school in Palm Beach County Circuit Court claiming the school violated his privacy, disrupted his education and had not been forthcoming about why to spell him.
A Christian school, you know something? You were ligninist out there. You make all the rest of us sick to our stomach. We hate you. We can't stand you.
Anybody with a brain note that religion is pure poison. Speller with me. P-O-I-S-S-O-I-N.
Poison. Poison.
The incident happened August 15th while Woodward was attending Jupiter Christian school, according to the lawsuit. Woodward said a teacher pulled him out of class assured him that their discussion would be mostly confidential.
As long as the teen didn't say anything about bringing a weapon to school or causing anybody harm statements the teacher would have to report.
Woodward says the teacher then asked him if he was gay. He said that rumor had it that I was gay and trying to come out in school. Woodward said I had admitted to him that I was gay myself and didn't mention anything about coming out. The teacher didn't tell him why he asked.
I trusted that all the things said between us would be kept between me and him. Woodward said but he believes the teacher told supervisors because the next thing wouldward knew the dean of students called his mother and said that he needed to meet with school officials to discuss her son's sexual orientation.
Carol Glode had already known that her son was gay but she was appalled that it became the subject conversation with his teacher.
I was shocked that this conversation was held without apparent present with him and I was shocked that they would have had this conversation with him in a first place.
The school declined to speak to Good Morning America of ABC because student confidentiality issues. However, the school disputes Woodward's version of an incident on its website.
Jupiter Christian school officials did not out-Mr. Woodward noted we violated any request for confidentiality. Any allegation to the country has simply false to statement says.
School officials exercised great care went to extraordinary lengths to work with Mrs. Glode and Jeff on a variety of issues when given the opportunity Mrs. Glode to find a follow the published policies of the school including appeal procedures that relate to any expulsion decision.
Indeed, they filed an emotionally charged lawsuit and sought press coverage of their complaints. The website also includes a letter from school president Rich Grimm, the parents and school supporters disputing the suit's allegations.
Please know that we dispute many of the facts in the claim as some of this information contradicts our records in our timeline.
We have faith that the Ministry of Jupiter Christian school will be exonerated. We have faith. We will be exonerated. Thank you for your prayers and support, letters says.
Glode says that when she sat down with Grimm and the dean of students, she said she was told a school that learned Woodward was gay and that she had a couple of choices.
I wait till you, I want you to listen to this next sentence. They gave us the options of working with the school to help Jeff read with his problem or we could voluntarily withdraw him or they would expel him, Glode said.
In other words, let the school help him with his problem, quote unquote. I see. I didn't know I had a problem.
Glode and her. No, a small one. Glode and her husband support Woodward don't believe that anyone can overcome their sexual orientation.
She said the family asked for a letter stating the reasons for Woodward's expulsion but the letter they received contain no answers.
This letter serves as notice to you that your son is expelled from the school effective immediately.
Letters said, please know we will be praying for you and your family during this time of transition.
The school declined to give a letter detaining which school policy your son had broken. Nothing in the school manual indicates that gay people can't attend.
There's no law on the state of Florida that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation said Trent Steal a family's attorney.
However, under school policy a student must be given a reason for expulsion. It's clear that any student expelled must be provided with a letter in writing stating the exact reason for the expulsion steal said that wasn't done here.
The lawsuit isn't aimed at changing any laws but it's aimed at removing the blemish of expulsion from his record steal said, according to the school handbook a student may be expelled only for bringing a weapon to school, committing a felony or assaulting a teacher or another student, that's it.
Not for being a fag. There's no provision for expelling someone for honor separable moral lifestyle which was what they appeared to have done here.
Steal said, Woodward was now attending a public high school which they should have been doing in the first place.
All your religious people don't put your gay children in the bayonet up religious school.
Okay. Is that incredible or what? I want to mention again just 40 or 50 times. It's so what's the school again? Jupiter Christian school.
Oi!
LINE IN LOCO!
Your sports video fights for the S. Quint.
You AM!
Now from Washington, the Maglucklin group featuring Eleanor Cliff, Jack Jamon, and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Now, here's John Maglucklin.
Issue on George W. Rings or Vault. Eleanor Cliff.
Well, John, I'm not just saying.
Ron! Catch him on!
Well, that's not an easy choice. Ron! Tiki Barber! I'm going to have to say to vote.
Ron! Actual answer for exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue! Al Gore!
Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the funk or cats.
Eleanor, I think you're swelling up.
Well, John, I have to say.
Ron! Jackie, Jackie, big jump on!
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Ron! Tiki Barber! I'm going to have to say rent.
Not a choice, Ricky Tiki Barber. You gave it an answer last time. That wasn't a choice.
Ron! Correct response! Cats! He loves them.
Next issue! The cats, the big brothers, should be murdered.
How? Eleanor!
You're a team!
Ron! Jack jump on! Dynamite!
Ron! Tiki Barber! I don't think they should be here.
Ron! Actual answer! Poison pudding! Bye-bye!
14! I love it! I just love it!
14 to doon at 5.60 WDQM. Too many unfunny comedies. We haven't put that on there yet.
Oh. You know, I'm looking at this and I invited them to vote.
Whatever they think. But this thing about too many vacations.
I'm assuming that those people who say too many vacations are people who like it when I'm doing the show.
And those people should realize that being a dottering old man who in just a couple of days here now next Wednesday.
I'll be 61 years old. I'll be almost a senior citizen.
Should've realized that the more vacations I had the longer they can strive. I can keep going.
I'll hang it out of this thing. No, no.
24 seconds. I think I want to vote for not enough vacations.
How many weeks a year do I want? About 30 minutes!
That sounds reasonable to me.
No, we don't want to see if I say that. Then Eric will put that on there.
Don't put it on there. Not enough vacations Eric.
Even I don't have the balls to do that.
Toy gunshots down US House Office Building.
Everybody knows about this thing that happened yesterday.
While we were on the air. But it's interesting how the authorities and the media really can buy to give really a fascinating information.
For example, they were looking for a man about five foot five with the dark hair.
And well, coming to find out that then they were saying it was a man and a woman.
Coming to find out there were two congressional staff members, both women.
There was no five foot five man.
What's the nice job of a US Capitol police?
Two congressional staff members, both women called police to say they had the bag that they were searching for.
US Capitol Police Chief Terrence Gainer explained a reporter shortly before 3 p.m.
The women put bags containing Halloween costumes through the X-ray machine.
The officer read the machine, turned briefly to answer your question from another person.
And the women took their bags left the checkpoint.
Now when you're at the airport for example, you see that happening all the time.
Now let me just say this to you.
Okay. All you three and a half dollar an hour assholes who are sitting there supposedly guarding the security of mankind.
You don't have to like look at somebody to talk to them.
I realize that's a great a novel approach to life.
But you can actually continue looking at your screen, doing your job without diverting your attention and getting a lot of those people want their attention diverted.
Do you see it all the time? They're not paying any attention.
You know, 16 bags with 400 hand grenades and 15 shotguns and a parfage and a paratrooper and a bunch of mace and whatever else.
And knives and stuff. It's going through there. And they're busy.
Oh, well, the restroom is over there. You should have gone before you came through the security checkpoint.
Whatever. You know, or would you please take your damn on Machete and check it at the thing because you can't bring it on the plane.
See it all the time.
Not that I want to get anybody scared because that's what the administration wants.
Just like one of the stories says on our website today. Fear is what they need to win the election next year.
That's what they need to do and they're doing a great job of it.
In fact, maybe the whole thing is that it was just staged part of a series of staged events to keep people on edge.
Wouldn't surprise me if a lot of people get their doorbells wrong tonight by strangers.
What's your biggest beefwood meal we're asking? 412 votes.
I have no real beef with meal 175 42.4%. Too many vacations 40 9.7%.
You're right on the ass for a second. There you actually were ahead.
Oh, I thought it was tough. I got a good battle for a second. He puts George on the film 39.
He's too effing negative 32. I still don't know about what I'm waiting to hear. He's too liberal 27.
He's out of Miami too much 22. Not enough reading. Not enough bedtime stories 20.
He rips mode too much 15. Does it rip mode off 12? That'll pass the other one.
He's too much of a fag. Fag it. Ferry. Maddick. Cohn. Bougard. Ron. 9.
Limprest. He hangs up on too many callers 8. Too much sports stock 5. Too much reading.
Four. Not enough sports stock 4. I'd afford 12 votes.
Look at that phone. Pretty weak. Pretty weak response here. 5.670. 5.60.
Pound 5.60 on the 18.10. Verizon wireless line. See because they don't have the courage of their convictions.
They won't call and say what is that. For example, I'm too negative. What it's negative about?
How do I know unless they tell me right? Right. Here's Miami. Hello.
Information about our. Okay. So we got one call on the board and it's from Carl Springs. Hello.
Find you. I agree with you. George is too quick on the button. And I vote for number 8.
That was Roman Jones. See? That was Roman Jones. So that takes care of the calls.
Let's do screenless the rest of the day. Scott. Give you the rest of the day off.
Just as a reward for picking the exact score that hockey game last night. I'll give you tomorrow's results too if you'd like.
No. No. Don't put your head. Don't push it. Okay. All right. Don't push your luck. Take it from an old fart like me.
Don't push your luck. Just like this show today. I thought we were really off to the races here today and look at what we ran into like a brick wall.
Is fix it going to work out his phone over the weekend or somebody please stop causing trouble. Line one not working there.
I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it.
I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it.
This is you and this is me you're on a live live on QA. I'm another setting that's very exciting. Yeah. I'd like to tell George Sox and that.
Well, that's that same guy too. We'd like to have some different people already. We already know what Woody thinks in the George Sox.
I think we'd like to hear from some different people who ordinarily just sit back and are amused and amazed by the parade of assholes.
We'd like some different assholes to call in today. Okay. As opposed to the same old pedestrian assholes that we hear from day after day for many many years.
It gets a little bit ponderous. You know, it's not really fresh and entertaining.
Now, what is that call you've got on hold there from Miami? Hello? Hold on. Yes, sir.
Another option for your poll. Too many bad words. Yeah. That's right. You put that word on there. Such as for other religious people.
Okay. Thank you. All right. Yeah. That's a good. He's right. That is a good suggestion. Too much foul language. Yeah. That's a very good one. I like that. Thank you, sir.
Here I hear a wee, you just redeemed yourself. Pottymouth asshole. In spite of your foreskin. He just redeemed himself. That's right. That's me old pottymouth. Can't help it. I got the parrots syndrome.
Nathan Parrot who led in one of those buffalo goals last night. By the way, back to the miners. Back to St. John's Nathan. You suck. What? What? Oh, man.
419 votes on a pool. And let's see if George can move it a second place. I'm taking a look at it. Now, you're still one behind the vacation. Just wait till I get there.
Too many vacations. 41 people say you're always on vacation. What kind of a job is that for the kind of money you're paying? And I'm going to say you sounds jealous to me.
Three computers. I think I paid this kind of money working 10 days a year. Oh, yeah. See, I may not disagree with you, but am I going to turn it down? No, it's like it's like Pay Rod, man. Hey, how about 25 million years? Sure, I'll take it.
Look at that. I let the league at home runs and whatever. All the time we still finish last place. Well, that's okay. See, that's the difference between a guy like Pay Rod and a guy like me.
What was WQA in the last rating book this summer in a certain gigantic way? Well, thanks, of course, in part to us, but also thanks to a lot of other people like Farrell and even the Mollmeister and the mad dog in the Humper.
We're number one. And you'll mark overnight. We're number one. See, so I'm on a winning team, not on the last place to the team like Pay Rod, but I would rather swap my salary for 25 minutes.
When you I'll take yours then. Okay. And Scott can have the hockey tickets. Okay. Q I am. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Where you come from?
I want to go to the other half of the day. I'm going to show since like the early 80s just before the first started and remember when you just played a few bits from American comedy.
And that was like you got a whole lot of that. And that's the only thing I would put on your pole. How about too many comedy bits? Just too many bits. But you're not. But we've heard of so many times that they were funny. I mean, it's like that about 30 things.
You told that. Oh, I know everything else that now they're these. Okay, man, thank you. We'll put it on there. Thanks for the memories. And have it right there. I think it's phone crap down or maybe he just died. Now that's a good point. Too many comedy bits. Did we put too many bad ones? Now let's just put too many comedy bits. Right. Okay. And what was the other thing you said there right at the end that seemed to make a little bit of sense? Oh, no, too many comedy bits. Some people will agree with that.
And what was the other one we just said before, but it's one of the other. Too much power language is already got a vote. God damn it. Like I was fast. Yeah, I didn't waste no time. Now he was good. Thank you very much. You know, Miko Mio. Mio, oh, Mio.
You're up here. Pilar on panties. What Mio. Mio. They thought Luis was dead. But he just kind of dusted himself off and handcuffed him out. You notice how Edna Wallace, every time the police come there, especially Hank. She's always got her hands all over him and grabbing his.
Oh, you muscular young police. She's something else. Everybody ought to have a mama like Edna.
My and look all this is right.
My city.
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q. A.M.
Well, good morning. This is former bus president and former president of the grandchildren of the Al Gore.
I'm here to quash the rumors. I am alive. I used to be the man who was in control. I used to be the man who was on a roll.
Now I just been home in my undies and socks looking for that key to my damn lot, Bob. Oh, Dick Cheney. You think you're special? Oh, Dick Cheney. You think you're spuff on hands?
So you're Mr. Popular VP? That don't impress me much. You're at least as fat as I am and you're ballad.
Now don't get me wrong, Dick. I think you're all right. But how many times does your heart beat at night?
You don't impress me much.
Slap. Scary. Now onto your boss. He's a real big man. He should run.
I'd like you to know that in Afghanistan there's only two types of things from Texas. His dad's been cardrodden. He's a little joke. Oh, George Bush. You think you're special? Oh, George Bush. You think you're spuff on hands?
So you're Mr. Popular President, huh? That don't impress me much. If I want to be hurtful, I can be so your ears are bigger than my arms.
Pro. Now don't get me wrong, George. I think you're all right. But how many beers do your girls drink at night?
You don't impress me much. Don't let me be a real president, a real man. And what about me? Look at me. I am a killer of perfection. Though I must have missed a tad on the fleshy side. Maybe I should hit the gym.
No, I'm beautiful. 443 votes on our poll on neo-rangers.com and none for too many comedy bits. That's why I played that one there. Yeah, because it's another comedy bit.
Join George McGell and Bokka Brian who used to do a lot of really funny stuff for the show before he started to make all kinds of excuses. Join them today. 4 to 6 of the Cheetah and Hellenel Beach 100 Anson S Boulevard. Anson Boulevard A and S. Is that how it's really spelled A and S. I.N.? I guess. Is it in Sin? It's a sin.
I'm lucky to buy 95 on the north side of Hellenel Beach Boulevard. There'll probably be a lot of sins going on there with the Cheetah. Enjoy happy hour drinks, specials and real nifty prizes. Not the usual crap that we give away. Real prizes like t-shirts and heat and pan through tickets and a bunch of stuff. We're going to have some of them Marlon t-shirts to give away too. Yeah, I think we might. All right. Of course they'll have the best of Niels stuff for, yeah, I will have that. Yeah. Nobody wants that stuff for abandoned parrots to have them poured desperate dogs and cats and parakeets and lizards and stuff. So stop by and get some loot.
They're going to save the dog at the same time. That's 4 to 6 this afternoon at the Cheetah and Hellenel Beach 5 6 7. We're doing screenless now at 2 o'clock because Scott's different. He's overworked. Plus they like this every now and then. I like it too. It's a little more exciting. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Plus it goes a lot of time because it takes at least 30 seconds until they realize that it's screenless and that they're actually on the air. WQ AM Niels. Yes, sir. How's it going?
Pretty good. Good. I used to use to listen to you back in over a data over 94.9. Oh, yeah, back when the show was good, right? Yeah. That's why I want to use to talk about Yolvin. Yeah, it was all they heard. Just coming back in after that to.
What happened there? Now you wouldn't know who that is. The open guy. That's the windshield. Don't know. You know, you open 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See, I told you, we need to have some different assholes, not the usual ones. Woody and Reverend Jones. I mean, at least Reverend Jones, once in a great while is someone I'm using. I hate to say that because that'll encourage him. But he got a heated to him.
But Woody is not funny. He's the testable. We hate him even worse than we hate. Scoran, which is Santa. However, lot almost as much as we hate Todd. Drek and certainly 10 times as much as we hate Mo. Absolutely. And you like that. Yeah, but that is all Woody. Okay. We wish you would die. I'll horrendous death. We don't want anybody else to die. So don't like it in a record something like that. Unless it's in the side of a building that's like an abandoned old building. That's empty. He wouldn't die. Woody just crash right into it. We can only pray. WQ AM Niels. Yes.
I didn't get a chance to call him yesterday. I call, but I can't get a busy signal. Go right ahead. Regarding a poll yesterday. Start spreading the news. Start spreading the new New York New York. I mean, is the name of the song. New York, New York. Frank, the notchra. Good choice. Excellent. I want to ask something about the panzers. Are they ever going to get competitive again? No. I don't really get a new GM and a whole new ownership all over again. I want to tell you one thing though. I got a hand it because I did see a little bit of that came up.
Last night I was thinking to myself, you got a hand it to my keen and because actually he's doing a pretty decent job. They're not off to that bad of a start with very little talent. There's like, you know, four or five guys on the team. We're like real players. And the rest of it is like make believe. But I think they're going to make the playoffs. No. They're not going to make the playoffs. No. Because that's how they can't be in Atlanta or on fire this year. And it just they're just to and the islanders. There's just too many teams are going to have to beat out. Even Montreal's got a shot. It's real sad when they can't even compete.
And a week division. Right. And division where Washington's got three points to show you how weak the division is Washington's got three points. Three. Three. Count them. Three. Who knows those trace. You know, it's just another. Another thing about Wayne. You know, he just nailed the panzer. It's just like he did with the Marlin. That's correct. That is correct. And then they let them the new owners thought they were really smart. They left Mr. Boat high in there to finish off the job that BN did before him and get rid of all the players.
Whitney and Melon be it all the guys who were like real players and cylinder. And now what you got is like a bite to the young. You know, I'm sure there's new organization to get him. Well, keep your legs crossed. Pal hope for the best. Because Scott says they're going to win the tie tomorrow night. Miracle on nice to he said to do. They're going to put on a to two. And they're going to tie it only. You can. And turn out to be a real player. And Victor Cosloff in between doing this figure race is actually scored four goals already. Anybody care about the panties? Oh, I'm sorry. How many people do you think they're going to have for the San Jose game tomorrow night? Now that this series is over. Some people in there. Some as in the seat. Scott's going to be there. Did we give you two?
Tickets for that game. You sure did. All right. There you go. Scott's going to be there. He'll be sitting in my tickets. Go up to him in between the periods, even during the game. If it's boring and say, Hey, are you that Scott? Not the Scott for real guy, but the other Scott guy that they're always picking on and say, uh-huh. And I'll say, Oh, well, we can see why out there them. Look at us. George is pulled in the second place. What's your biggest beef with old Neil? I have no real beef with Neil 195. He puts George on to fill in 43 too many vacations. 42.
So there's a real nose that I was neck and neck. It's like affirmed in Ali dar a photo part for second place. He's too happy negative 35 and I still don't know about what. See, I still think a lot of that has to like the like that guy to call me on the Tuesday or whatever was about. Well, I've listened for 30 years and I just don't understand. He's still listening. Now as a matter of fact, I know that I don't I just don't get you. How are you doing? Schmuck? He has to because I refuse to jump on the bandwagon to pretend that all of this euphoria was going on with legitimate and like Linda Robertson wrote in the column. I read yesterday.
Most of these people never even went to a game. A Marlon game this year last year for last sookas any time or maybe one or two games in the history of the team. And yet they're jamming. We won the championship. We are so great. You know, all this other crap, you know, and they're already making excuses. Why they're not going to go to the new ballpark if and when they build it because they're it's the soft floor. F and way. It's the excuse factor. We always have into all well, you know, it's past over next year or it's going to be there's a cloud in the sky or my cats.
I wild diarrhea and I can't leave the house because the litter boxes overflowing or something, you know, or it's too far away. They didn't build it next to my house or a parking cost too much, but it's amazing that when it was the championship time in a playoffs and then in the world series, it wouldn't have made any difference how much they charge. All of a sudden they found tons of money in their backyard under a tree somewhere. They all found big piles of money. They were like climbing all over each other to jump on a bandwagon even for parking. Even for parking what?
$20 to park at the world. No problem. No problem. Is it the playoffs? Is it the world series? We'll pay $100. We don't care. We want to be in on this. We want to be in on something good here. WQ I am. Hello. Yes, sir. Come on. It sounds exactly like you. How you doing, sir? Pretty good, sir. Hey, a couple of things are firstly in your poll. This sounds like Orlando, I'll say Gary. No, no. Hey, in your poll, um,
the one of George and the one of you going to many, uh, going on too many vacations, right? They're kind of one in the same. Yeah, that's true. There is some crossover there. You know, so, so George has some more points there.
So George instead of 45, you ought to have 80s, all 87 votes. Right. Okay. You got any seven votes, George? All right. That's all I got. I hate George. All right.
Well, say it's difficult because like when you're filling in like last week, when I'm on vacation and you're doing a show,
if you took a poll, who do you hate worse? Neil or George? And of course you have, I don't hate anybody, which there may be five or six people would say that.
But you see what I'm saying? When you're on, because it's the people who like you are that you would think you would think you would think you know how that works.
So yeah, they listen to Florida and say they hate it. Right. So in other words, what you're trying to do is say the people who say that they hate you.
Like they might actually hate me, but they still listen. But oh, no, we know that there's no question. They're all listening. The whole town is listening right now.
Even Paul and old Ron, they're listening. Taking notes too. And by the way, we still don't want you on QAMI. Check with Greg. And he said that we don't want to hire that loser. Okay.
I know it's really tough working over there for cheap channel, even though your numbers are pretty good, Paul, but I know it's kind of tough.
So you have to make a ball kind of stories and try to twist and turn and use me as like a lightning ride to try to drum up the audience. It ain't going to work.
Ain't going to work.
Joey tried that in South Florida to really worked well for him.
Yeah, by the way, and speaking of that, yeah, there was another one with Joey. Joey grabbed down to all the losers, all of the chronic's all of the losers,
but the Billy, but whatever that guy's name was all a crap, man. He was like, he was like a crap magnet with Joey Reynolds.
A crap goes with a good old days, man. I sure wish we were back on FM like those Zeta days like the guys like they got a call before said.
Yeah, then the barrier. What? That's right. Then they would really fear me if I was on FM. See, because cheap channel is like praying to have a voodoo down.
They think that I'm going to like croak or something.
Up here right now, I'm going to live to be a hundred just to piss off David Ross and all those people at cheap channel and the people are especially and just keep jamming it down.
You throw jamming it down your throat and jamming it down your throat and put big numbers in there because you people suck and you piss off.
You've destroyed the whole freaking business. All right, with your friends in the Bush administration and Michael Powell,
there at the F.C. and C. You people suck. You're disgrace. You're an embarrassment to the human race.
ió
The Press is an sigma on the
example of the
128
start of the
oatmeal
This is 420 by 60.
Way to go, eh?
Oh, present!
Over 748 of the greatest songs of love!
This special eve of a lady in your life by Jerry Lewis!
Lady!
Lady!
Lady!
So many love songs for your lady,
all interpreted by the love-mightser himself.
They have an inevitable superstar in her tender, Jerry Lewis!
And you'll get your favorite lady-love song.
Lady!
Lady!
Lady!
Lady!
Lady!
Across my big brass band!
It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs for your lady,
all digitally remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis!
I just carried my ear to join me on K-tail record!
And we pay a very special musical tribute to the lady!
You'll get this arosmith classic!
Hey, hey, it's true!
Looks like a lady!
Hey, hey, it's true!
Looks like a lady!
It's Jerry!
It's the little old lady with a pair of tweezers!
How?
And Ellen Ritty's hit never sounded better.
That ain't no way to treat a lady!
No way to treat a lady!
No way to treat a lady!
Hey!
And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of this super hit from the King of Pop!
You are the lady with my wife today!
You are the lady with my wife today!
You are the lady with my wife today!
Jerry Lewis!
I am!
I am the best!
I am the best!
That's 748 fabulous ladies on 35 CD, their 148 track tapes!
All remencing boyish models from the original cassette masters!
And as the collection you'll turn is your friend who will love!
And your lady will never forget!
It's all yours for 70 easy payments of only 32.95 and it's only from K-tail record!
You can tell it's K-tail!
We got it!
Pop 19 at 560 WQM.
Remember the guy that called a few days ago?
I guess it was on Monday and said that he wants a new Jerry Lewis and how come we don't like him on his show.
Remember that?
Yes.
Well, guess what? We still don't like him.
With or without the fat head?
I just don't like him.
I don't like him.
I don't know anybody who does like him except the French.
Well, it was a little kid.
I like some of those silly movies.
Right.
We're talking about now.
Right.
You know.
We've been talking about it for the last several years.
About 30 men!
We don't like him.
Oh, but he does all those wonderful things.
We still don't like him.
He's become like a neurotic, just annoying, aggravating, chain-smoking, piece of crap.
We don't like him.
John, from Extern Pennsylvania.
Thank you, John.
You're probably the only listener in Extern Pennsylvania.
Uh-huh.
I would think.
Maybe ever.
He faxes and says, for today's poll, too much poll talk.
Yeah.
I like that.
Huh?
He's got a point.
He's got an excellent point.
How do we solve to the poll coming?
Oh, see?
There he goes again.
See, John, what you don't understand is he kills some excellent time.
And especially when you put like a hundred categories on there, every time you read the poll result, it kills like another half an hour.
And then the show is almost done.
There's no, uh, we're no fools here, man.
I mean, the weenie, by the way, is that okay?
He ended up during the break.
I heated it up during the break.
That's how weenie.
What's your biggest beef with nil?
John, and where ever the hell you are.
Look at that.
Too many comedy buses got one vote out of 484.
Only one.
They like the comedy bus and most of it.
And we don't see the guy that said before, while we hear the same ones over and over again, like, uh...
We're the top third, man.
God, I wish I had about 10,000 drop-ins like that.
Everybody in town, the whole town is saying it.
That's what makes this show, for example.
It puts the large in the basket.
People are saying that who don't even know what the hell it means.
That's right.
That little ant eater bit.
Look at all the people who say...
Unbelievable.
Right.
Although I still say it's...
I like this better.
Un...
Unbelievable.
That's the original one.
Much better speaking to the old Z-day.
I love that.
Un...
I think that's Jim Skotter, isn't it?
I don't know.
Whatever happened to Jim Skotter, he's still alive.
He's a good guy.
I like Jim Skotter.
See all you people will see you're so negative.
There's a lot of people I like, but nobody wants to hear about that.
No, that's boring.
They want to hear us ripen people and ass.
They love that.
That's what America...
That's why I have all these realities show, so they can just turn on each other
and stab each other in the back and rip each other and ass.
And you...
Like even on Playboy TV, they have that show with the seven people living in the same house.
You know what the name of that is?
No.
You know what I'm talking about.
There's seven people.
Look at what's going on there.
Ooh.
Do a play by play.
Blow by blow.
No, because I don't want to be talking with the mouthful.
I see.
What's she's doing?
You never thought that show what about Scott Cannon Ford Playboy TV?
But they have seven people living in the house and besides screwing their brains out
and the usual sexual stuff, they spend all the rest of the time just turning on each other
and ripping and bitching each other out and slapping each other on the side of the head.
Just like what's your name does?
Gwen on the passion slap and Teresa and I say, you bitch!
Ha ha ha ha.
With that time.
I love those scenes.
Those are the best.
You bitch!
Speaking of language.
They use some pretty spicy language in that show too for afternoon TV, which is another reason I like it.
See how like real language?
I don't like these goody-touchy assholes.
Oh, gee, you're just saying assholes again.
I'll see how that language is.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
Well, let's see how that one's doing.
Let's for our friend from extra in PA take a look at the poll.
One too many comedy bits.
Too much foul language.
Too god damn it.
Too much reading faux.
Not enough sports talk for.
Too much sports talk five.
See that?
I'm not going to talk to all cancels.
He's too much of a fag.
Ten.
Too much of a fag.
Remember that song by the Buckingham?
Nope.
It was kind of like...
Kind of like this one.
Kind of a fag.
Yeah.
Right.
Something like that.
Ten votes for fag.
He hangs up on too many callers 11.
He rips mode too much 15.
He doesn't rip mode enough 18.
See a pan stuff like like he was standing still.
Absolutely.
With his a zoo bus pants.
Not enough reading.
Not enough bedtime stories no more.
22 like we used to for those seven glorious months that Georgian I enjoyed and everybody
I'll say that.
But at least there's 22 other people liked it.
He's away from IME too much 23.
Why don't you watch it here and he'll be watching right here so we can take a look at you.
So we can make you miserable and like a...
He's too liberal 32.
He's too f'ing negative 36.
I'm still waiting.
I'm inviting you.
I'd like to hear about what?
Too many vacations 42.
He puts Georgian to fill in is pulling away 52.
94 if you add him up.
A very respectable second place.
You don't need any help.
You're in second.
And I have no real beef when you'll 209 43% which would be a much higher percentage except for the fact that we put so many categories.
On the pool.
So there you go.
John and next in PA.
Thank you for excellent the choice.
Too much pool talk.
Too much pool tanks.
I think Mary Maleffin I think what we're going to do is have a pool tax in Howard.
Under poll count.
Except for those people who got like 16 or 17 ballots in the mail and of course the 80,000 didn't get any yet.
Well, too bad.
Maybe she don't like you.
Maybe she don't like your politics.
That could be it.
Or you can't.
But you still have a job.
You know.
If Mary Maleffin were white, you think there's any white elephant?
No.
The old white elephant.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes sir.
The name of the program is seven lives exposed.
Right.
Excellent show.
Yeah, I watched all of them.
Pervert.
Puffy later.
Okay, thanks.
Seven lives exposed.
There's a guy.
He's got a firm grip on life.
I'll give her a tea around the clock.
Clock I said with an L.
No, seriously, because Playboy TV.
I'm pretty amazed because when Playboy TV first came on, they had a lot of these like interview shows and women's shows.
You know what I mean?
It wasn't really all that sexy.
Now it's like heavy duty except they don't live.
One thing they don't show is like the male orgasm.
Gorgeous.
Gorgeous.
You don't see that.
Oh, the money shot.
There's no come shots.
No.
And that's it, I think.
Other than that, I think you see pretty much there.
And then 11 o'clock at night they have like X-rated movies, but also see it's interesting, but X-rated movies, they make all different kinds of versions of which they never realize until recently.
Yeah, they did.
They do.
They make one.
They put together that's like R-rated that you see absolutely nothing.
They make kind of you see on Playboy TV where they take out sports, quarterly certain things.
And of course there's the full blown.
Huh?
Well there's nothing like being full blown.
5 and the local PC is 5C.
Who never does that live with you guys?
You win.
Have a million dollar weekend.
Double you Q and M.
56.
Do you fear your nephew is in hell?
I feel that my nephew is not worth a lot of it though.
Not with the Lord, in other words in hell.
I don't know, I fear no one alone can be cursed.
It can't part of his body like a limo.
You fear that that Roman Catholic communion is they hate your nephew's body?
Yes.
All right, we have on the line in Van Aes here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI M640.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
So this man, first of all, welcome back to my condolences to you on the line with your nephew.
Are you a Jew?
Yes I am.
Okay, so I just want to let you express something for you, okay?
Yes.
So this is just, you've been missing something about the Catholic Church.
What if you just hang on on explaining to what I believe is and then you can draw your own conclusion?
But you eat people?
Let me explain what our teaching is and you draw your own conclusion.
Let the father explain, okay?
Okay, first of all, we believe that when you receive communion, we receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, tell my God.
Well, hold on, man.
I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is you eat flesh and blood.
If you want to look at it, that way that's fine.
Oh, my God.
That's fine.
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion.
I want to promise.
Man, you've got to let the father explain.
Why would I want to have you here and talk about it?
Because you didn't listen to me.
This is my hell, razor, like clad, clad, clad, clad, and young man.
Okay, do you understand?
Because you've been listening to me for a long time.
What happened to you?
But you did not tell me.
You eat the blood, you eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the host, yes.
The host.
But he says he's the whole body of the man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
Call the man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God, that is a blessing for me.
What if you took the lead, guys?
All I'm trying to do is implement my belief to the divine form.
Do you eat a polar booty, too?
I'm not going to answer that.
I don't understand what that means.
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
Let him finish.
Let him just say what he has to say.
From the Scripture's man, where Jesus said bread and breathed and broken and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, God.
And then there's the cup of wine you said take and drink.
This is my blood.
And again he says, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood if you have no life at any.
Oh, my God.
This is good Friday.
Exactly.
And you're talking about eating up on Jesus.
I can tell you that.
What we believe.
You're grovel on Jesus, ain't you?
What?
You used to believe me.
You're grovel all along Jesus.
If I could just use the belief.
In my nest you're what about him?
Okay, man.
I think I'm back on Jesus.
Damn Catholics.
I'm back on my boy.
I'm back on your boy.
I can't believe that.
The Catholics, Matt, on your boy, huh?
You won't laugh no more.
Matt, you were talking about the Dutch class.
You were talking about the Dutch class.
Like some kind of Negro smokers go over there.
Well, I'll tell you.
Listen to that.
It's hard to tell if I'm not a French guy.
Like a brother bus home in here.
I'm in a family.
Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
I'm your good Easter.
Well, you, you, you, you, you, you, since.
Well, only that if you guys.
That's true.
Thank you, Father.
All right.
All right.
That was a Roman Catholic priest.
Man, makin' on my boy like a brother bus ain't.
Oh, you can eatin' me.
Oh.
What was it?
What's it called, man?
Oh, oh, you could eat me, bro.
Oh.
Oh.
No.
Oh, no.
All you can eat me, bro.
Oh, no.
So, I just, yeah, we know, we understand.
It's a 1235.
Those were the days, baby, weren't they?
Why?
Okay.
Those were the days.
But Ian couldn't have him no more.
Well, this pull suggestion, you fact me, is just so typical.
Do you look at it?
Did I?
Idea from Monday's rule.
Oh, and we've already done this.
And every time we do this, I mean, it's even more ridiculous than the other ones.
Most underrated actor of all time.
And it says, for instance, not the Clint Eastwoods, Tom Hanks, just some other real good and famously the actor.
My list is start with it says, Gene Hackman.
Robert Duval and Jeff Bridges.
They're underrated.
That's my point.
That's why it's so ridiculous.
Not like Clint Eastwood or Tom Hanks, but more like Gene Hackman and Robert Duval.
It's just thanks for the idea, but it's the blows.
Okay, it's really weak.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
I might sneak some time in here.
This article by Molly Ivan.
Small favors.
Comedy abotator.
Please.
Huh?
Yeah, it's pretty long though.
We've got a couple of calls on here on the screenless.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hey, buddy.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I just heard that clip from Phil Henry, man.
I've never called back up and I was slapped my ass off.
And at the end there, I heard Neil say those were the days.
Too bad they're gone.
Yeah.
So I read into that.
Or I just turned it on.
So that's why I wanted to read into what was.
Did they take his show off in LA?
No, no, no.
I was just talking about the days that I would see when we all worked together.
And when he was really hysterically funny.
And that's what I wanted to talk about.
Oh, my God, he's the best.
I still listen to him.
I don't want to play with somebody else.
But you know, are you sure?
Yeah, later on in the night he's still on that.
I know that.
He is so funny.
Yeah, I've never called you before.
That guy.
I mean, I'm not taking any credit away from you.
No, that's okay.
That's okay because I'm making a lot more money in his.
So that's all right.
But he's so, I mean, how do we put some of that crap off?
I mean, sometimes he's doing two and three voices at a time.
So I just had to call it.
Thought maybe they took him off or something.
No, he's still on.
Well, I love you both.
And Neil God could live on.
Have a great day.
Okay.
See, there you go.
He's happy.
He likes to feel like me.
We used to like for a lot until he turned on me.
We raised 20 grand for his charity in LA.
But that's so way close.
These things happen, you know.
People become bitter and old.
Whatever his story is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he pounded.
What?
Henry to some abroad who maybe he has screwed up his life.
I don't know.
But he sure made a turn for the worst.
That's it.
And then that whole right wing thing during the war.
And who knows?
I don't know what he's doing now because I don't listen to him.
That TV show, right?
No, the TV show that got canceled because he had the balls to come out in favor of the war.
You know.
WQIM.
Hello.
Gone.
Line 8 is gone.
And that's a shame.
WQIM.
Line 3 is gone.
We're doing screenless and they're just not even hanging on.
You could tell that because when they really have something to say and we're doing screenless,
even during the breaks, your phones are frantically flashing away.
But you can see now it's just they got no material.
They have no material today.
And I'll say it again.
I've requested, for example, some of these categories in our pool,
which a lot of times they want to talk about the pool when even there's nothing to talk about.
But he's too effing negative, 38, 7% of the audience, 7.2%.
And I'd like to find out about what since these are people who at least admit that they still listen.
Even though I'm this and I'm that and we invited him to tell me I'm this and I'm that.
You know.
Right?
Yeah.
I mean, it's one thing if people call and say you're this or you didn't invite it, but if they say,
you're gay.
Well, I invited that.
So I have no problem with that.
You're gay.
Okay, we know that.
WQIM.
I'd like to speak with Neil please.
I beg your pardon?
I'd like to speak with Neil please.
You're speaking to him right now.
Hi Neil, how are you this afternoon?
Pretty good.
I'm just reaching out to you.
I wanted to get your thoughts on any upcoming personal appearances you might be making.
Meaning what?
Well, you can be doing any promos, personal appearances,
where you go out and where there's pathetic clothes that you always wear.
No, no.
Who dresses you?
My mom.
Yeah, well, I'll tell you.
Slow it out your ass.
That's the same guy who's always talking about my clothes.
That's another one of the chronic's who's still there after all these years.
Let's hear it.
Another one.
You're still going to be going out wearing those pathetic clothes.
Now I'm wearing a pathetic clothes here now.
See, and nobody makes nobody really curious.
You are wearing clothes today?
No, I'm wearing my boxer shorts today.
They're lovely as a matter of fact.
What?
Print, solid, nice with a nice, some print pattern on them.
Blue.
I have some solid colors, some print,
some like daisies and pansies, some polka dots.
Yeah.
Yep.
Flap in the front there.
In fact, maybe for this last time maybe we can put some pictures on a website.
Take that camera.
We're so close.
We need to see.
I got it.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
All that sunny day.
I didn't know I'd read.
Such a nobody don't screw up.
Passed out in the street.
With a flat shot eyes.
Here's Corby Love now.
Vapor to downtown.
When she's on God's feet, out mama listening.
Mr. Meada, I feel for you.
You know the thing, they won't you not do.
You know you're happy because you hold out the bomb.
Have you known it's Corby Love?
You've got some tracks on your arm arm arm arm.
1245, not as good as a Gerardo.
1245 at 560.
I'm thinking about that last guy and I'm starting to realize that these people have
written down on three by five cards.
Because even people like that that we hear from only very rarely, every single time they call it,
it's almost like they have it written down in long-hand because it's verbatim exactly the same thing.
I'd like to dialogue with you about something.
Are you going to be doing any more?
It's always exactly the same call.
The same freaking call.
Yeah.
And I want to apologize for the fact that during all of the money that I make and all these years,
I've never become a snappy dresser like our good friend.
I'm a fat Jew.
Or the guy with the eyes or the guy with the hands jack or the other.
Or the guy with the teeth, the akin mouthy old block with a bad breath and the yellow teeth.
Or Gilbert for example.
No, we're just a bunch of slabs, okay?
I got that one on my face.
By the guys.
Anybody?
Yeah, we apologize though for the fact that we're all a bunch of slabs.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
You want to go on our website today and not just to see the great new pictures and the screen
with the witches outfit.
But any goodman, home of the wapper and interview with Michael Moore, it's long.
It's like nine pages away too long for me to read on the ear and it would be really ponderous.
But it's on air and it's in charity on our website, www.murrgis.com.
A lot of other good stuff.
By the way, I'm starting to think that Eric doesn't like you.
Why do you say that?
Didn't that for any particular reason?
It just crossed my mind.
Okay.
WQ, hello.
Hey, how are you pal?
How you doing?
I know I'm a daily, but dollar short.
You put out one song for the ball game.
You put out many songs.
Take me out to the ball game.
You hate to take me out to the ball game?
Yeah, okay, Faggot.
Take me out to the ball game, huh?
Boy, 560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We do have the real take me out to the ball game.
Is that it?
Nope.
Oh, and we went here.
I know.
But when they're real, I...
What the hell are you?
Yeah.
I want a toe of three.
Take me out to the ball game.
Take me out to the crowd.
Why be something that's a crash or a crash?
I don't care if I ever get back always true.
Reference for the company if they go with it's a shame.
485, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 1, go!
Okay, I said it wasn't a real hurry, but it was a pretty close.
That guy was great.
Yes.
Like I said, those were the days.
12 minutes before 1 at 560 WDQYM.
Here's a call on Line 9.
I bet you it's going to be great.
WDQYM, hello.
Sorry.
Thank you.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Could you please play that monster mash from Halloween?
No.
Monster mash, what the hell is that?
We have a song called the Monster Mash.
We must?
If he says so.
I don't think so.
What was that one I played the other day?
Something about a monster mash song.
What the hell was it?
I don't remember.
Yeah, you do.
That was this week.
Yeah.
I remember yesterday.
I don't think he was talking about.
560, 705, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
What's your biggest beam food knee?
It was our question today.
Getting the usual tremendous response because it's a lot of negativity.
538 votes.
Too much pull talk 1.
Too much foul language 2.
Too much re-t 2 assholes.
Too much reading 4.
Too much sports talk 5.
And equal it just blocks itself right out.
Yen and Yang.
Too much of a fag 11.
He hangs up on too many callers 11.
Like a couple of these last ones, I guess.
Too many comedy bits 12.
Too many comedy bits 12, George.
He rips Mo too much 18.
Doesn't rip Mo enough 21.
Not enough reading.
Not enough bedtime stories 22.
He's out of Miami away from here too much 24.
He's too liberal 33.
He's too effing negative 40.
Still waiting for the first call on AT&T.
First explanation.
Too many vacations 45.
He puts George on to fill in 65.
You're pulling away into a very strong solid second place.
Even in general Clark wishes he was that strong in second place.
And I have no real beef with the O21921940.
0.7% as with these additions of the selection choices in there continue to grow.
That number continues to dwindle by Monday.
It'll probably be 530, man.
Yeah, whereas we started out with like 50%.
That's okay.
I can handle it.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
That's up, Neil.
Speaking.
This is Neil.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Speaking.
Q-A-M.
Louis.
Yeah, Louis.
That corn sure is special.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
I'm hanging in there.
Me, too.
I got no beef with Neil, but I'd like to say something about all the chronics in the A-hole.
Yeah.
I don't want to be programmed direct, but I get off really great.
Neil is great.
We're once in a blue moon.
He lets them talk.
He's still out on a gut.
He should definitely make a trade off.
He could say your name and the number you're calling from.
And he'll give you all the time you want to let them just go along with what they're saying.
No.
No.
5607-0560, £560.
Give the name and the phone number and give them all the time they want.
That should be an exciting show, huh?
No.
Not.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, Jim.
The media.
Yes?
I love the comedy, but I love it especially when George says that Holy Raring guy.
That blue moon is great.
Yeah.
What was he doing?
He had like a one of those paper comb things like he were doing.
Oh, he's at a phone booth and I see.
He was blowing it.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hands towards you.
Have a bang, do you have a butt?
W-Q-A-M.
Not this week.
Q-A-M.
Not there.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, Neil.
It's real easy why our country has all the murders because we got all the fight days.
No, you don't.
Go ahead and Amsterdam.
You'll discover you're wrong.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
I want the Saturday night feed, Larry.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Most got him locked up in a broom closet somewhere.
You can't have him.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget Mad Dogs out again today which we're getting pretty curious about that.
He's got a schedule that makes mine look like tough work.
Joe Rose today, two to four.
And of course we got that we are blessed having all these wonderful X-Jocks, aren't we?
Oh yeah.
heavily blessed.
Seriously, because we got the big Hurricane game against another marginal team Virginia Tech tomorrow, right?
Yeah.
Dolphins and the Colts on Sunday, with Brian Greasy, no less.
But it's about all that stuff coming up here.
I know I think Joe's going to be talking about.
Hour from Boka.
Hank Goldberg, four to seven to seven.
Including today's wants that Joe in here, five to six, because we don't want to overwork the Humper.
And then we got, now who is telling me, oh the big, the Saturday night seven to ten, because there's no hockey game.
Any KF to that, a 10, any SPM radio overnight, because Joe and Mark work on Sunday, because Mo wants to lead him.
And it helped as a matter of fact, his last book, without that lead, and he wouldn't have had squat.
Right?
Right?
He would have had nothing.
They should still be on Friday night.
So I had a rumor that Hank was a little surly at the ratings party last night.
I didn't notice that.
That's so what somebody said.
I don't want to mention Scott there, get him in trouble, but that's what he said.
He said, Hank was like, what was the word you used?
Cranky, cranky.
He was a little cranky?
Well maybe he lost the bet, be the first time.
See, that's another thing I would like to say about these teap skates at QAM.
I mean, forget about the people outside.
We know about them.
But I know we had a whole bunch of people at that radio station making some serious bucks.
And many of them gamble away more money in a day than some of you people making a lifetime, all right?
So if they could just take like 20 bucks or 50 bucks, 20 would be embarrassing.
50 or 100 bucks or even more than that.
And write a check to abandon Pat Rescue and help us out.
That would be a very nice gesture.
What a joke.
Well like maybe one last bet since we have, I mean even what's his name there?
Curtis.
One of our funky board op guys that's making like three bucks an hour.
Even Curtis gave us a nice check.
What do you give us?
100 bucks?
Yeah.
Jesus Christ almighty.
Now how do you like that?
When a kid is making four and a half bucks an hour that doesn't have two nipples to rub together,
he writes us a check for 100 bucks so he's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
And all these big paid celebrities there, they give us zippity dude on.
Not even lip service.
Even my close personal friend, the moment, gave us his drop-ins for the key chain.
That was something.
Because he said he liked the cheerity.
He's got a dog so we can't be all bad, almost, but not all bad.
Yeah, but he should take it off his head.
Now line nine is always special.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Good to put it forward.
I'm going to lift.
I'm going to start hanging up on you.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to take the Marlins approach.
I'm going to contact Broward County and ask them if they'll build me a house.
Right.
And with taxpayer money and I'll just be able to do whatever I want.
You know, I get to keep all the money that I do at any kind of business.
Any kind of work I do there.
Right.
And I'll pay any rent.
And then you can charge for parking and your front lawn to 20 bucks a pop.
Yeah, that'd be great.
Whatever business I do on my lawn, I don't have to, I don't have to, you know, I get to keep all the money in the town.
I don't see anything like your beer off the negative now though, sir.
You're being a little bit negative.
Yeah, but this is a negative town.
This is what's all about.
No getting, no shmit.
Yeah, you know what?
Oh, and closing Neil, I indicate an asshole.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, how do you like that?
He came up to hang up on him.
Oh, I know why.
Because he got probably called instead of the same thing.
And any K loves his baseball.
You know, I don't want to know.
I don't, you know, I don't want to get involved because I like any K a lot.
Although, how come he hasn't given us a check yet?
He always does.
Yeah.
He's just waiting.
He's waiting until it turns over to November.
Well, guess what?
Tomorrow's November one last time I checked.
We got November, December left and then it's going to be gone.
Because we're not going to milk the stamina.
We could keep it on a website all year long.
But what's the point in that?
You know, we got bigger fish to fry.
Like those normal Kent bottle head doll.
Five fish.
Stuff like that.
Can you, can you imagine the nerve of that bag of that simple, whimpering queen?
Oh, yeah.
I think it's a great idea how you think we can sell 2,000 of those neo-riders bottle head doll?
Oh, sure, Norman.
No problem.
It's called being used and abused.
Four minutes till one at 5.60, Q.A.M.
In the middle.
This is 4.20, thanks.
Q.A.M.
Pow, this is Rosie O'Donnell.
And the clock on my stomach says it's the neo-rudges one to two.
Now, and the way we go.
It's been over 80 years since the socks won it all through Bill Buckner's legs
when that round rolling ball.
He has topped up its corn from bad to worse.
And it's all because of the bamboo curse.
The red socks had it made.
Till they made that they root train.
While it's the running jove in the dictionary on the boss.
And it just says Joker.
It's 1 o'clock at 5.60.
You think that's what that guy was talking about the monster master master.
I bet that was that thing that guy was talking about.
What's that?
That one.
Oh.
I bet you that was it.
Anyway, if not happy Halloween, you realize that we don't have any Halloween bits.
I'm sure that an ACN or some but who would want to dig through all that?
What?
What's to say?
What do you mean by that?
What's to say?
There's some.
This is a big controversy this Halloween thing, man.
All the religions stuff there.
Oh, yeah.
All the same.
All the faculty of the witches and the wickens and all this other garbage man.
Shame on you people.
All you heathens out there with this garbage with witches.
And influencing your kids to go out there and participate in his heath and crap.
In his anti-Jesus stuff.
5.670560.560 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
573 votes.
What's your biggest beef with Neil?
I'm still waiting for the first call from somebody to tell me what I'm negative about.
I'm waiting.
The other one's no problem, but that's always the, oh, you're so negative, Neil.
For years I've been here and at.
From emotional cripples who can't handle the truth.
They don't like somebody on the ear telling things exactly the way they are.
They'd rather hear some pompous ass with green or checkered pants on here.
Talk about, hey, this is paradise.
It's paradise, yeah.
I have no beef with Neil 228c39.
And a half percent that number is dropping, dropping, dropping to see that.
Yep.
He puts George on the fill in 68.
Nice going.
Thanks.
Too many vacations 49.
He's too epi negative 44.
7.6% you're too negative, man.
You're a sour old fart.
And there's nothing worse than a sour old fart.
Especially if you like, save it in the jar and open it in the elevator.
He's too liberal 35.
He's out of Miami too much 24.
Not enough reading bedtime stories 23.
He doesn't rip Moan of 22.
Too many comedy buts 18.
He rips Mo too much 18.
He's too much of a fag 13.
That's Dan Marino's number.
Also Matt Sundeen.
He hangs up on too many callers 13.
Not enough sports talk 7.
Too much sports talk 5.
Too much reading 5.
Too much foul language 3.
And too much pool talk only 1.
That was our friend of course in Pennsylvania.
WDQIN.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Good afternoon.
How are you?
Okay.
No, you don't in the Cuban community.
They say that you are too negative on the Cuban.
And I agree with you if you are too negative.
They got to come in anyway.
I'm a little confused.
What does that mean?
What does it mean if I'm too negative?
They got to come in.
If they got to come in that I'm not too negative.
I'm just telling you.
Well, they always think always about their own little ghetto.
You know?
No.
They don't see the whole picture.
They live inside of a vacuum.
Anyway, I'm a little confused in radio man be and in the old radio man be.
Yeah.
They keep saying and they are bragging about the numbers in the last arbitrage.
So you know they are number one.
Oh, I know that you read the numbers and they are not number one.
And what's demo are they?
Yeah, in which demographic.
I mean I got the men numbers here but I don't have.
I don't think even in the whole total they are number one though.
Of all the stations, including FM and AM.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Well, I don't see it here.
And men 25 to 54.
See, first of all, you got to understand and well, maybe I have a 12 plus.
I hear it is.
I got it.
12 plus, no life.
WLIF is number one in persons 12 plus overall.
During the week.
WEDR is second.
Okay.
WPOW, Power 96 is third.
WCMQFM is fourth.
WMIB, Men in Black is fifth.
WHQT, HOT, WAMR, Radio Amor.
Love 94 is after that so that would be 368.
Who do we appreciate?
Let me go to the second page and see if I can find.
Oh, there it is.
Number nine.
Radio Amor.
They continue to lie.
Of course they're not saying what demographic.
They might have like pigmies under 3P talk.
Hopefully station is dead anyway.
Everybody that works there, die.
They have commercial and they have introduction to the program.
They have been made by people that die 9 years ago.
Yeah.
Let me ask you something.
Not only that, but radio mom B is like a religion.
If you look at the hours spent listening, the time spent listening,
there's no other station that comes anywhere near.
15 hours and 15 minutes a week, which is ridiculous.
That's why because it's like a religion.
The people who like radio mom B, they put it down whether they're listening or not.
Hour after hour after hour day.
And today it's called wire diaries.
It's an entertainment.
It's like a babysitter for the old people.
Yeah.
Besides that, you know, they gave away last year and this year in Newhouse with an automobile
in the garage and totally furnished and insurance for a year.
And even with all that give away, they still cannot be older than 9.
I mean, you know, let me ask you a question.
Well, why should they be, I mean, a legalist?
40% of the people in South Florida speaking, what people who don't speak Spanish are going to listen to that station.
Well, but you got about half of the population of these counties is Spanish though.
Yeah.
And what about Broward?
About 30 men.
And Broward, you got about over 100,000.
Don't get yourself nervous about it because they lie a lot just like everything else.
Yeah, they could say so.
But anyway, who is your favorite, and your favorite picture in the big leagues?
My favorite picture, what about my favorite catcher?
I think my favorite catcher is Norm Kent and have a nice day.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I don't follow baseball, amigo, no interest, no way Jose.
WDQA, hello.
Why I don't follow?
What is it?
Better, we would say.
Thank you very much, Amica.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to see you.
You're going to see me.
You're going to see me.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I guess that was the response from Radio Mambe.
They must have been called from the inside.
It was good.
Nice one.
Clean up your rack and stick it in English.
OK, you assholes.
WDQA, hello.
Nobody there.
Boy, this is a really interesting screen, a sex exercise.
WDQA, hello.
Move the Marlin Secuba.
I got you down.
WDQA, Am?
Neil.
Yes.
Listen, thank you very much.
I listen to you all the time.
Love you, son of George.
Send my money.
Got your key.
Get your men to get your key.
Gym, man.
Just keep changing.
Stop the traffic.
Right.
I just want to tell George, not very farmed November 11th.
And you know what part of that?
Thank you, Kagling.
Alrighty.
What's the not-sbury farm?
What?
Not-sbury farm.
Down in the Redlands, the best damn fresh baked homemade things you've ever heard of.
Really?
Made by German Baptists.
You're going to not-sbury farm?
Yeah.
In LA.
End the Lebrate Tarbots?
Right after.
OK, you mentioned how that stuff smells right about now.
Oh, that's bad.
You think there's five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty.
On the AT&T and Verizon, Lyraless Line, we put our little thing out the window.
We stuck her right out the window and we're searching for life.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Sensational.
Hey, listen, I just wanted to let you know that, uh, well, how it is gay.
The good news is that he's not and we're delighted.
WQAM, hello.
We did it.
All right.
I feel honored now.
And he didn't even show up seven minutes late on my show.
Nice going, David.
David Samson called a world famous Neil Rogers show to say,
we did it.
We did it.
We did it.
Unreal.
You know, I got the book here.
You got one book.
The book.
The rating book, the hard cover book.
No, please don't, don't waste our time.
Our audience doesn't care about WQBA.
OK, about audio, mom B.
We don't care.
Is that what you were going to go to?
Yeah, we're just going to ask what demo you thought they would be doing the best in.
90 plus 90 plus banana vote people who play a lot of dominoes.
I don't worry about them, OK?
He's just obsessed with that and I can understand.
He's a good guy, but he's just got to chop off that part of his life and leave it in the past.
Leave it on the island, OK?
Forget about it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Good, good.
Hey, you're going to read that Molly Ivan's article?
I just might.
All right.
I love your, uh, not as good as Dora.
Not as good as Lava calls we're getting this hour, but you know.
Yeah, keep it up with the stories, man.
I love it.
I'm the one guy.
OK, we have two of us.
Two of us like the bedtime stories.
Well, I could start this, I better do the break.
I might just do the Molly out, but it's long, man.
It's long, right?
Huh?
Longer the better.
OK, well, but look at all the calls there, man.
There might be one or two real ones in that bunch flashing frantically.
They're not just flashing like ordinary day flight.
They're flashing like, oh, man, we got something so important to say.
Brighter.
Like WQAM.
Hello.
I had to, uh, Maxwell loves Adam the lifeguard.
Yeah, you were right.
See?
What more can you want?
Sorry, sorry, it's out of you.
WQAM.
There, I got a stomach, you 10 inches, roll for your wreck.
Yeah, good.
There's the, there's the, uh, Stevie.
Hey, how about you and Steve?
OK, get over to, uh, Burton, Jack's.
Get over to Burton, Jacket.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of radio.
Yes.
How about you?
AM640.
Somewhere I'm going back into it.
Speaking of, uh, people 100 years old, have already been dead nine years and they're going
to the radio.
Last Saturday on that last Saturday, the Saturday's the last game of the World Series.
They actually ran a promo that said AM640, your World Series station.
What the hell are they talking about?
What is AM640?
I don't even know what the hell that is.
That's the one Greg Vudelle is on in the morning and Skipper Upchuck and...
Yeah, so maybe they carried the series game.
So what does that mean?
I don't know.
I guess they did.
I guess they carried the series games, now I am, but we could tell you.
Tell me that it's after one at five sixty, I'm going to be reading the Molly A. Ivin's
call when we come back every day.
I am.
Good.
I mean, these people had nothing to begin with and now it's gone downhill from there.
Hey, here's something you might want to go out and do Pump it O Park is open for its 40th
anniversary season of Green Harness Racing, the track features top-class nighttime horse racing,
and high-stakes poker and cymbal casting of course.
New post-time at 7.05 for the Harness Racing is every Monday Wednesday and Friday night and
Saturday too.
How do you like that?
Monday Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, four nights a week and the poker room is currently
open new and new midnight every live racing day.
Pump it O Park also open every day seven days and nights a week featuring the best
and cymbal casting, harness racing, thoroughbred, high-lion, prolocrust, North America,
free to watch and plunge your guts on.
And don't forget the general parking admission are always free at Pump it O Park.
New this season it's a 20% increase in persons which means better racing of course.
A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power player rewards program
that gives you points either for betting the horses or playing poker that you can be
deemed later for special gifts and betting vouchers.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night at Pump it O Park, draft beer, hot dogs, so does
much more only a bucket piece.
And tonight there will be free prize drawings to win one of 15 trips for two on the CSC
casino dinner cruise and on Wednesday November 5 on my birthday and the list the excellent
top of the park rest on opens for the season with fine dining.
Notice how they open the dining room just in time for me to come back coincidence.
It's no accident.
Pump it O Park it's a black south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
For the new race schedule you can call 954-972-2000 or go on web at Pump it O Park dot com.
Lay up a wall on any any see trust me what I tell you.
Pump it O Park course power you can plunge your.
Line line and local.
Here's sports radio 560-CU-A-M.
Is it just a standard of the decent one and it's not right to the healthcare.
Working hard for the baby.
Is there a doubt of the car.
Take the white water.
Take the white water.
Take the white water.
Take the white water.
You can feel the safety tired of the pretty top.
Maybe he should try to play the all on sucks.
When you say they lost a ton of cash.
Do you see any new that you and you are take the white water.
Take the white water.
Take the white water.
Take the white water.
Take the white water.
175-60 WQM.
Here's another facts.
Why did he change the format and the other best of.
He used to have calls in some were great i.e. bridge tender.
Now it's just corny jingles.
How many calls did we have on the best of about three maybe over the years.
Those were the actual best of those were supplemental discs that we would do from time to time.
Right.
That's what they're talking about.
In addition to which when we get a call good enough to put on the best of this we'll let you know if we are getting another one knows.
Plus it's just corny jingles.
Are there any jingles on that disc?
No.
Now there are no jingles.
No.
But that's okay.
Anyway Molly Ivens writes in the November issue of Progressive.
Call me a Bush Hater.
Among the more amusing cluckings from the right lately is there a Paul Discovery that quite a few Americans actually think George W. Bush is a terrible president.
Robert Novak is quoted as saying in all his 44 years of covering politics.
He's never seen anything like the detestation of Bush.
Charles Krauthammer managed to write an entire essay on the topic of Bush haters in Time Magazine is though he had never before come across a similar phenomenon.
Well I stretch memory way back so far back all the way back to our last president.
Almost lost in the midst of time though it is I would not only remember eight years of relentless attacks from Clinton haters.
I'll send a list they haven't let up yet.
Clinton haters accused the man of murder, rape, drug running, sexual harassment, financial check canary, and official misconduct, and they accused his wife of even worse.
For eight long years this country was a zoo of Clinton haters, any idiot with a big mouth and a conspiracy theory to get a hearing on radio talk shows and Christian broadcast and nutty internet sites.
People with transparent motives, people paid by tabloid magazines, people with known mental problems, ancient Clinton enemies with notoriously racist pasts, all were given hearings, credence and air time.
Slining Clinton was a sure road to fame and fortune on the right and many an ambitious young right wing hitman like David Brock who was since made full confession took that golden opportunity.
And these folks didn't stop with verbal and printed attacks from the day Clinton was elected to office he was the subject of the politics of personal destruction.
They went after him with a multi-million dollar smear campaign funded by Richard Mellon's scape, the right wing billionaire.
They went after him with lawsuits funded by right wing legal foundations, Paula Jones. They got special counsels appointed to investigate every nitpicking nothing that ever happened, file gate, travel gate, and they never let go of that hearty perennial white water.
After all this time and all those millions of dollars wasted no one has ever proved their clintens to the single thing wrong, Bill Clinton lied about a pathetic squal of affair that was not of anyone else's business anyway, and for that they impeached the man and dragged this country through more than a year of the most tribular ridiculous unnecessary pain.
The day President Clinton tried to take out Osama bin Laden with a missile strike every right-winger in America said it was a case of wag the dog.
He was supposedly trying to divert our attention from the much more breathtakingly important and serious matter of Monica Lewinsky and who do you think he was to make his focus on some piffel-like bin Laden?
The puzzle is where this depth of feeling comes from, used the ineffable Mr. Krauthammer, gosh what a puzzle that is. How could anyone not just be crazy about George W. Bush?
Where once the anger-ass Krauthammer begins of course with the stolen election of 2000 and the perception of Bush's illegitimacy.
I'd say so myself, yes I would. I was implored during that chilling post-election fight and I'm fully persuaded to this day that Al Gore actually won Florida not to mention getting 550,000 more votes than Bush overall.
But I also remember thinking as the scene became irrier and irrier, geez maybe we should have let them one this one because Republican wingnuts are so crazy, their bitterness would poison Gore's whole presidency.
The nightcore conceded the race in one of the most graceful and honorable speeches I've ever heard, I was in the ballroom full of Republican flags who boot and jeered through every word of it.
One thing I acknowledge about the writers that they're much better haters than liberals are. Your basic liberal, milk of humankind is flowing through every vain, your heart bleeding over everyone from milk shy hot and top to the glandular obese is pretty much a strikeout on the hated front.
Maybe further out on the left you can hit some good righteous anger but liberals and I am one are generally real whosys.
Guys like Rush Limbaugh figured out that a long time ago attacked the liberal and the first thing he says is you may have a point there.
To tell the truth I'm kind of proud of us for holding the grudge this long. Normally we'd remind ourselves that we have to be good sports, it's good for the country, we must unite behind the only president we've got as Lyndon used to remind us.
If there's still some of us out here sulking, yeah but they stole that election, well good. I don't think we should forget that.
But onward so George W. becomes president having run as a compassionate conservative and what do we get, hell's own conservative and dick for compassion.
His entire first eight months was tax cuts for the rich, tax cuts for the rich, tax cuts for the rich and he lied and said the tax cuts would help average Americans.
Again and again the average tax cut will be a thousand dollars which means you get a hundred and the millionaire gets 92 thousand and that's how they average it out.
Then came 9-11 and we all rallied, ready to give blood, get out of our cars ride bicycles, whatever, shops at the president and more tax cuts for the rich.
By now we're starting to notice, we're noticing Bush's bait and switch, make a deal with Ted Kennedy to improve education and then fail to put money into it.
Promise 15 billion dollars in new money to combat AIDS in Africa but it turns out to be a cheap con almost no new money.
Bush comes to praise the job-printing effort then cuts the money, who says America's is great then cuts the money.
G. W. could be possibly have against this guy, we go along with the war in Afghanistan and we still don't have been lawden.
Then suddenly in the greatest bait and switch of all time, Osama bin Laden doesn't matter at all and we have to go after Sodom Hussein who had nothing to do with 9-11.
But he does have horrible weapons of mass destruction and our president without doubt, without question knows all about them even onto the amounts, tons of seren, pounds of anthrax.
So we take out Sodom Hussein and there are no weapons of mass destruction, furthermore the Iraqis are not so overjoyed to see us.
By now quite a few people who aren't even liberal are starting to say, what the hey, we got no Osama, we got no Sodom, we got no weapons of mass destruction, the road map to peace in the Middle East is blown to hell, we're stuck in this country for 87 billion dollars just for one year and no one knows how long we'll be there.
And still poor Mr. Crowdhammers hard put to conceive how anyone could conclude that George W. Bush is a poor excuse for a president.
Chakani in anxious the 2.6 million jobs we've lost, people are losing their pensions, their health insurance, the cost of health insurance is doubling, tripling in price, the administration wants to cut off their overtime and Bush was too little too late with extending unemployment compensation that the many Americans were left high and dry with.
And you wonder why we think he's the loungesy president?
Sure all that is just what's happening in people's lives but what we need is the big picture.
Well the big picture is that after 9.11 we had the sympathy of every nation on earth, they all signed up, all our old allies volunteered, everybody was with us and Bush just booted all that away.
Snaring, jeering, bad manners, hideous diplomacy, threats demands, arrogance bluster.
In Afghanistan Bush wrote a popular tide, Iraq however was a singular act of presidential will says Crowdhammer, you bet your acid was.
We attacked a country that had done nothing to us, had nothing to do with al-Qaeda, and turns out not to have weapons of mass destruction.
It's not necessary to hate George W. Bush to think he's a bad president, grownups can do that you know, you can decide somebody's policies are miserable, fated without lying awake at night consumed with hatred.
Poor Bush is way and over his head and the country is in bad shape because of his stupid economic policies, if that makes me a Bush hater then sign me up.
That's from Molly Ivan, syndicated columnist who writes in the progressive magazine of a Bush who called me a Bush hater, and I would say, absolutely correct.
Man, she's great, yes she is.
And she doesn't put quite as many big words in there that I can't read like Marine Dow likes to do.
Marine just does that intentionally to trip me up, make me look kind of stupid.
How's that pull coming? What's your biggest beef? Maybe we should have put he's stupid.
Now, what's your biggest beef with Neal? I have no real beef with Neal 242 that's down to 38.7%.
Wow, wow, wow, slide. He puts George on to fill in 72. Too many vacations 53.
He's too effing negative 49. Still waiting for call about that. We're going to get one. No. He's two level 36. Too many comedy bits 28.
Uh oh, he doesn't rip moment off 27. He's out of Miami too much away from town 25.
Not enough reading bedtime stories 23. Well, I'm trying to make up for that. He rips mode too much 19.
He's too much of a fag 13. He hangs up on too many callers 13, only if they're fags.
Not enough sports talk 7. Too much sports talk 5. Too much reading 5. Too much foul language 4.
4. And too much pool talk 3 out of 624 votes. We're going to go close to 700 votes today during the show on at pool.
I told you they'd like it. They like it.
It gives them a chance to vent to get all that speed amount of their system.
If you don't get it all out here today, you can do it between 4 and 6 with George, Michael and Boker Brie.
I'm Michael McGell, Miguel, and George and even go over there and tell him that George Michael is a piece of crap.
So you can go over there and tell George to his face. I hate you. I think you suck. And buy a disc.
And buy a disc and give us 20 bucks for a van to pay rescue.
4 to 6 at the Cheat Allounge at Hellendale Beach.
100 ants in Boulevard. It's a block east of I, 95 on the north side of Hellendale Beach Boulevard.
You'll be the youngest person there. I guarantee even if you're 100.
I mean, at least on the street. Yeah.
Enjoy happy hour drinks, specials and real prizes. Real honest, the God prizes like T-shirts and heat and pamphor tickets.
And the best thing you'll stuff will be there too. So go buy and unload some cash.
We got 37,075 bucks as of yesterday, the end of the day.
We can do like close to 40 in what, another month.
Right. Yeah, we're those checks from on you cheap bastards there, including Greg Reed and Screw Anne at QAM, huh?
We're still waiting and we're holding our breath. Inhale, I'll let you know when to let it out.
Okay, hold on. Wait.
Big news. Halib Potty Act GMC has just been voted the number one Pontiac GMC dealer in Dave County and customer satisfaction.
And our good buddies, Tim Leman and Joe Piotta want to thank their lower customers for their long support over 35 long, amazing years.
Stop by Halib this weekend and check out the Pontiac vibe.
Normally, retail is for over 20 grand, but you can buy fully loaded at Halib Potty Act for just 16, 5 plus tax and tag.
Halib's your truck headquarters. And you notice that Bob Eisenberg is right on top of this?
Yes. With his copy, with the Halib's truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from, including the Yukon and the Yukon.
And coming soon, the new Envoy SUV, the most unique SUV on the market. Nice going Bob and by the way, your hair piece still sucks.
Great Neal deals every day at Halib Potty Act GMC and you'll find them in the same great location.
They've been making them readable deals for over 35 years and giving you amazing service.
134-1 South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 across from the falls. Open every day, seven days a week, even on some historic.
If you want more info call the Neal Rogers deal deal hotline tool free 1-885-344-4211.
That's 1-885-344-4211. Keep in mind all our perceptive credit and povlce air friends at Halib 4 Details.
And Halib Potty Act GMC who are professional grade even if Bob Eisenberg ain't.
My high and low. This is 420-560.
You ain't hang way.
Hey, man.
Get your best of Neal Rogers 2003, best of Neal CDs.
If you cannot find a FOMA FOMA Rack.
Get the markets are a FOMA FOMA Rack.
No, no.
And how we deal with key chains.
Listen for band locations or log on to WQAM.com to get yours.
And the stuff too.
Loot proceeds benefit of band and pet rescue.
The best of Neal 2003, Neal Rogers only on sports radio 560 from QAM.
You're a bastard.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
I am ho how it day is.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a morning guy.
I'm a living man.
I'm a man.
I've been working with that woman.
I'm a missing a broke student.
Why do you think so much of me?
My sleeve they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got fired myself and even happens to the Greeks
West when one said you get out of here, I'll ask we break your legs
So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets it with my paladin cocktail
Placing bets on the jet in paradise paradise. I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise
I'll be sure enough screw kids when I get the chance that the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green man
How long does it take?
Healthy calling the plate and we just a little thought so what I love this day
That's funny what I'm not gonna sell it buddy. I can do what I want because the management loves me
My pal now we have straight hell no
133 George on the paper comb near excellent job like even those people who hate you on here
They think they got to give you credit for that. Well, maybe I'll be in these issues that don't they want to do it? No, they don't
We're gonna house that thing that I read about the Middle East. Oh, I got to find out one the one thing
The passage again in the might like more book. Yeah, it's great. Oh, yeah
In fact, I just might read a whole book on here. That'll really piss us on you
So I just want to read that one paragraph again
Because it's so good. He says here's a way to stop the suicide bombings me in the Middle East
Give the Palestinians a bunch of missile firing Apache helicopters and let them in Israelis go at each other head-to-head
Four billion dollars here to Israel four billion here to the Palestinians
They can just blow each other up and leave the rest of us the hell alone to which I say absolutely
Correct
Michael Moore he is just he makes and I never thought I would find anybody anybody much less an author
Who agrees I'm I agree with almost everything he says in the other way around you know, I mean right
Except for Oprah that by that point we part company, but I think he's doing a little tongue in cheek
He's just trying to give an example kind of like Arnold will maybe like a democratic Arnold would be good
I think she'd make a better president than a talk show hostess. No question about that
Anyway confronted with an armed intruder in their home in Tampa to women plight him with a ham sandwich in rum until he became
Groggy and passed out all right police arrived in arrested Alfred Joseph sweet 52 to win the five-hour episode
Kathy ord 60 and Rose Booker is that butcher 63 and
Since those two women don't have the same last name in their living together
Maybe who knows who's put you said they try to be friend the man after he burst through their kitchen window with the sawed off shotgun
Tuesday night and again
There's another good gun story for you only this one nobody got hurt
Just like in a godfather remember he said what's that that car? Oh, it's an accident, but nobody got hurt
They made him a sandwich give him a bottle of rum and suggested he shower and chase we could be sort of disguised in his getaway
Ward said we just treated him with kindness butcher said
She said she had offered sweet cash and the keys to her Cadillac, but he just sat with him holding his gun
You through there never said what he wanted the woman said and he went away as they say in Yugoslavia, Gizantin public
With a ham sandwich in rum he was
Satisfied maybe that's what he wanted was like in the old sets on rink and a shower a meal
Oh, if you're interested in the lacy Scott Peterson thing which I hope and pray that you're not but this week's inquire
This week the November 11th one which I picked up yesterday
On the front page there's a big story in here, which I'm not gonna waste my time because I really don't give a flying craft about
There are two things I don't care about one of them is Elizabeth smart and the other one is lacy and Scott Peterson
Even though the media tells me I'm supposed to be you know before Paul and young Ryan who I'm sure listen right now
It's sunny and
68 68 beautiful degrees in Toronto right now
72 in New York and Philadelphia and Boston and 75 in Philly today
We got this front that came in and it's a beautiful. Can you believe that?
Yeah, it's 56 tomorrow, which is not bad for the fall, but 68 today man
I'm gonna run outside and save it and I'm gonna go have a big lunch
and run
The ham sandwich in some rum and a little rum and coke. That's a very nice drink
Lacy died on Scott's boat exclusive in this November 11th inquire of the evidence that we'll convict him. He's done
Then here's Elizabeth smart how she's really coping just to make sure I see two stories that I don't care about on the front page
Liza her husband's lies are exposed
Julia Roberts attacked a family wedding the shocking confrontation
Well, she looks bad and that picture man. Wow and
Secret video reveals Diana's killer. We'll get back to you Diana and whatever you do
Don't get in that car now. Here's a story from the inquire the only one that I found that really is interesting
Because it's some of that gay banner that gets some of these people how many people voted for the gay
the fact thing
That's a
13
Well, that's a lucky number Jackie feared that JfK junior would turn out gay
You ready for that?
Shocking claim in a new book the new book is called sweet Caroline lost child the last child of Camelot by Christopher Anderson
The Kennedies are furious over a shocking new book. Aren't you shocked? Oh my god? Yeah, that contains humiliating revelations about the family including Jackie's nightmare fear that John junior would turn out to be gay
The startling a search and a search and appears in Christopher Anderson's sweet Caroline is good thing I read the other other articles
So while I was important stuff the
Starling assertion appears in Christopher Anderson sweet Caroline last child the Camelot which claims that Jackie quelled her paranoia
About John sexuality by telling second husband area o'nases to pay special attention to her son
Jackie said she was concerned that without a father figure the guy to him toward manhood John would become a fruit
writes Anderson in his sensational biography of John sister Caroline a fruit you ready for that what's who?
Oh true up here
Oh
Nases dutifully began instructing the astronaut how to be a man at 12 John junior was already drinking areas favorite scotch and red wine and
Smoking strong Greek cigarettes to grind the book that would make him a real manly man too, but I wasn't doing that huh the Greeks know how to be manly
God damn they know that Greek stuff trust me. Welcome the Kennedies were distressed at the Greek shipping maggot who wasn't a catholic like them was having such a profound influence on young John
They were equally upset that Jackie came to rely on her kid secret service agent John Walsh not the one from America's most wanted
Rather than a family member to be a father figure to Caroline say sources
Wash had been Jackie's emotional anchor after the assassination leaving a speculation among family members of a possible romance between them a
Kennedy family source confirmed to the inquirer Jackie was haunted by the thought that John would become a feminine because he spent too much time with her and
Sister Caroline I can just hear Neil Diamond singing right now
Holly holy I mean sweet Caroline
She he's just awful you know it
She wanted him even as a small boy to be around strong man, especially her second husband Aristotle O'Nassus
Ted Kennedy informed her he could provide all the male influence that John would ever need and he should come to high in his port to be with his male cousins
He could get him trucking get him laid to be sure that right?
Oh no sweat by then Jackie was so disenchanted with the Kennedy she insisted John spent holidays with her and her asses on his yacht
Anderson writes there was no question that areas first priority aside from his kids Alexander and Christina was John JFK Jr
Get the honey Jr
The Kennedys are also upset with the value because it spotlights the mysterious relationship between
Secret Service agent Walsh and the president's widow the fact that she instructed Walsh to be a father figure to Caroline really puzzled and
Distributed the Kennedys said the family insider some members of the family insisted Jackie may have been having an affair with this
Viral young agent this outrage Jackie and drove her way even further from the Kennedys the both sweet Caroline by Christopher Anderson
Go out and get that and go out and get them out about Diana from Paul Burrell
Anybody care about Diana? No, no
Although that was quite of an interesting coincidence. Maybe we ought to have like Jonathan Edwards
Yeah, given touch with Diana on the other side, huh cross over go on the other side and find out if she really had that vision about somebody in a mess
With her car and killin her
We just know that I'm strained British coincidences just like the fact that the British the Windsor family turned out to be a bunch of Germans
It was just a coincidence just like all these Haliburton and Vectel deals with Bush and just coincidences
141 at 560 WQM the little dog Joe Rose with some Moa Howard David bashing from two to four this afternoon
If you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home
Here's a great idea for you laminets. They're us. This is the smart the easy the simple piece of cake
Low maintenance alternative to mighty expensive natural wood flooring which cost you an arm and four legs
Laminets are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business
They got them all they got Wilson art pergo peridore unifle or quich set and all of laminets are us
Floorings installed by people who really know their crap pergo certified installers and another reason to call laminets
Arrest their prices are so low so amazingly rock bottom and unbeatable and I just screwed up on this thing
I'll never get to it in time, you know what?
No, because I could have played
Their prices will floer right now you can get their fall special
After all that work you got to play it twice for just 1495 bucks. That's correct
Just 1495 dollars gets you up to
295 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring it is positively unbeatable
And laminets rust will match any legitimate written off for two so like I said
Unbeatable and unbeatable to for a free and homestimate call laminets rust toll free and Tom that negative old meal totally to call 1 877
777 3336 what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving they give you an amazing
25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care
Laminate wood flooring column today and tell me that sour nasty miserable old bastard Neil
To do the call laminets rust 1 877 777 3336
My life and look all this is 420 by 60
Oh
Listen to the sound of John John falling
Ocarina into the sea
You think of a humiliator like J.F.K.
Could afford a better play
This day of K.A.
Gorky flying with a nose a piper comes a cheap and crappy play that flows
A burning death my head's about the only way
I could go
Now head the only one that's left alive today
From what they call the Kennedy curse
If Dorothy kill Gallyne was alive she'd say here up it's only gonna get worse
Listen to the sound of John John falling
Ocarina into the sea
But it's louder than a splatter
Ocarina into the sea
But it's louder than a splatter
And it's so disrespectful to know that's why we play at 147 at 560
He was I don't want to say he was a zero you want to know why why because that would be an insult to all the real zeroes all over the world
Whatever they are he was like seven steps less
And he was named would have been Kennedy if he wasn't J.F.K.K.
Junior he would have been 70 yards below zero he was nothing
He had no personality he was kind of like a funny looking I don't care what anybody says he was kind of strange looking
A lot of people thought that Erie was his real father by the way
And I think he liked Greek to top it all off
Plus he had like a problem you know I mean evidently
So there you go the Kennedy they just had this long thing that hangs over that family
It's just really is amazing when you come right down to it in it
Yeah
In fact wasn't it what was the other son that got killed in W.A.W.
Two was it the Joe Junior Bruce?
No no seriously it was Joe Junior and then we had J.F.K.K.K. got assassinated and Bobby Kennedy got assassinated
And then there was the one that got killed with the skiing accident before Sonny Bona decided to try it
Which one was that there was a Kennedy right?
Yeah
And then there was William Kennedy Smith who had a little rape problem
And then we had Gakal
The Skakel who went to jail for crime that he may or may not have committed
And then of course we had Teddy who's had a series of like that mysterious playing crash and a bunch of other stuff
You know you know you're mean Ted
You love you Ted but you got some problems
A man described by authorities as a known sexual predator this is in Filth Adolfi
Which chased through the streets of South Adolfi by an angry crowd of Catholic high school girls today
And kicked and punched him after he was tackled by neighbors
Yeah that's it get him
Rudy Sassanto 25 who had exposed himself to teenage girls on as many as seven occasions outside St. Maria Juretty's school
Struck again yesterday just as students were being dismissed policed
But this time they had it
A group of girls in school uniforms angrily confronted Sassanto with help from some neighbors
When Sassanto tried to run more than 20 girls chased him down the block
Two men from the hood caught him and girls took their revenge
They came in and started kicking him and punching him
So I was going to stop them neighbor Robert Lemons Bob Lemons to pitch for the Indians
Robert Lemons told the inquirer
Sassanto was later treated for injuries at the local hospital
He was also the Yankee manager
Remember that when Steinbredder was a dick and with Bob Lemons?
1978
Police said he'd be charged with 14 criminal counts including harassment, disorderly conduct, open loodness and corrupting the mortals of a minor
You ready for that?
Sexual harassment, harassment, harassment like the meat
So there you go there's the latest from Filvel Alpia
I just finally figured out during the break I was thinking about it for like 10 or 15 seconds Scott
What's that?
You remember you said that Hank was a little crabby or cranky at the party last night at the ratings party?
I did
I finally figured out why you got that impression
He doesn't like you
Oh right
Isn't that right to your end of the make sense?
I don't know
I mean Hank has no reason to add a gigantic book
Him and a mad dog there in the afternoon they kicked ass
They kicked that Schmidt right back in the No Man's Land where he belongs
So I'm sure it was in a good mood for your food which Hank always loved
But probably he ran into you when you felt that he was in the sour mode
Because he was sour toward you which like I said he doesn't like you
What a joke
WQI am hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
I love it when you interact with the great one Reverend Jones
Yeah okay good
WQI am hello
Yes sir
QAn with a radio turned up so loud that there's a video
Hey hey
Pretty good
Hey Neil remember me for Cardo?
No
15 years ago I used to call you all the time
I just want to say hi to my friends south south
We listen to you we love you and I'm sad
And I want to say to believe you are negative sir
What is it?
You're negative sir
Okay thank you sir
That sounds like Reverend Jones too
Wow
WQI am hello
Hello
QAn yes
WQI is the Neil
Speaking
Neil it's a Julio from Halea
Hey Julio it's Julio the engineer
How you doing?
Pretty good
How's the show going today?
You called me yesterday right Julio? Yeah get out of here
WQI am hello
Chambam
How come that Julio guy who does sound like Julio the engineer
How come he called today is not here and even listen
How does the show going today?
Pretty good up until about 10 seconds ago Julio
WQI am
Yeah I know
Okay
That's what we got on huh?
It sounds like you get back near the phone within about 10 yards would be good
Yeah I might hear
Get as close to the phone as the dolphins are going to get to the end zone against the cold sun Sunday
Within about 15-20 yards
So how long got away?
Where you calling from?
Westpom
I'll get you home right away
Good
Okay let's take a call from Westpom Beach hello
Hey how you doing?
Pretty good
Oh lord I got it
I got a lower the radio because it's an echo
Yeah turn out radio dumb it will drive you nuts
You want me to turn it down seriously?
Yeah turn it down all by the way I got to go and take a break now
152 at 560 QAM
I am local
This is 560
Radio's all yours now
QAM
What?
Tonight on Animal Planet emergency events
We've got a minute to take her
What seems to be the problem?
I think he's choking on something
Let's have a look
Oh my god
It looks like
It is
He's choking on some kind of fruit
Tiger stony fruits
That's what St. Fritten Roy thought
That's tonight on Animal Planet emergency events
A fellow by amazing animal bowel movements
Oh my god he's got fruit coming out the wazoo
What?
I'm at the tiger
I just wanted to play one other quick bit but it's on the same disc
So I have to queue it up real quick
Here are some other people
Boston Red Sox, Pichur, Pedro Martinez
Would like to throw to the ground
Elizabeth Taylor, Mickey Rooney, Phyllis Biller
Mike Wallace, deal lady from the Titanic
Grandpa Al Lewis, Roy Horn, Barbara Bush
Doris Roberts, Suppy Sales
Since season James Lipton will for Brimley, Carl Maldon, Jack Klugman, Antonia Randall, Olivia, the Havelin, Judge Judy, and the Pope
That's kind of cute, it's got it's moment
You didn't like it
Oh it's like
You didn't like it
George and Eve and Sircle, I'm laughing on the inside
Didn't even snicker a little bit, I want to see you don't even know Pedro Martinez
Like I said, Scott, it was kind of cute
See, Scott appreciated because he knows who the hell it is and you don't
So he doesn't, you at least know who Don Zimmer is though
And the Pope
Right, and the Pope said that's good and Elizabeth Taylor
Anyway, what's your biggest beef with Neil was our pull question today
We had a resounding response, now let's take a look there
And we make it to 700 votes, 687
So we have two minutes left to get 13 votes in on there to get us to 700 during the show
Which will be one of probably the top five all time responses
I knew this would give like a big hoot for the people down there to take their cheap shots
We got less, two seconds less than two minutes
We got 6.91, oh, all we need is 9
That's like rolling off a log, you know what?
Just refresh it
Just refreshing, just keep refreshing, okay
Oh man, it's like farting in the shower
I'll say it again for those of you people who are a little bit too up, pacified
We need 8 more, farting in the shower is one of the most phenomenal, oh, inhaling those steamy
What would you call them?
What?
What's your biggest beef with Neil we asked today?
See, I can tell you already like I'll wrap it up and ready to go home, you're not fooling me
Me too, I've got my clothes on
I have no beef with Neil 266, 38.4%, not even 40, wow, that's pretty bad
He puts your drone to fill in 80, too many vacations 57
He's 2F-negative 51, he's 2L39, too many comedy bits 38, he doesn't rip Mo and up 32
Not enough reading bedtime stories 29, well I made up for a little bit of that today
He's out of mind, away from here, too much 27 damn it
He rips Mo too much 19, he's too much of a fag 14
He hangs up on too many colors 13, not enough sports talk 8, too much reading 5, too much pull talk 5, too much sports talk 5
Too much goddamn foul language 4 out of 692
Oh my god, we got like 30 seconds, are we gonna make it?
To the 700 total?
To the 700 club
What's Pat Robertson say?
698, oh oh 26 seconds and counting
I'm not leaving here until we get 700 vote, what?
Just keep clicking
Just keep clicking it, just keep refreshing it
The audience is working out it fibrously, they're yanking it, they're twisted it, they're pumping it
Oh and I see now, it's so low, but I can't see it, you got a number?
Yeah, I got a number
Yeah, I got a number 42
Bye bye bye
I'm Climbing the Roger Show on 5cpwm, Miami for LaRale
Howard David's a bitch
Howard about it
