Um
I'm a wind
D-A-Y
S-U-C-K-S
Yeah
Go go go go
Go go go go
Go go go go
Go go go go
Go go go go
Go go go go go
Go go go go go
Shut up, get me hot!
Ninja roaches
Pace about food
Of the sausage and whore
Pace pants
Of course I have pipe smoker and
Uncook-em-sized skewer
Ben engaged in a painkiller dance
Woohoo
I'm a cranky homophore
Not that I mind it but I'm way too old
I fantasize about feeling in bed
In a trist with feet loaded
My man friend did it
I'll just make up with Jinder and some day
And then ask him to rape my pun
Jesus Christ over and over again
Though I would not feel
No!
And I would not be ashamed
About a Jinder and more gay union
Just bold and then stroking away
Boy, baby, kill me you're not my guy
Yes!
Yes!
You sound like a nine year old kid
Yes!
Only a much old manly guy
You don't know this!
That makes me flip my wig
If Jinger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest feiny now
Inside his imply rear end
No, I would not be a sport home
If I was not a closet of faith
That's why a Jinder and more gay union
Would make me feel dizzy and gay
Everybody follow my thousand balls
Yeah, Jinger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass kill safe
If we had a Jinger and more gay union
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped
And I would not be ashamed
About a Jinger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass kill safe
If we had a Jinger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass kill safe
If we had a Jinger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass kill safe
That's why a Jinger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass kill safe
Singing and straight to the heart home
Wearing it all
On the nights of the road bridge
Singing and straight sound
To the faith that grazed down
And I went from where
Get lost so many girls
Standing in the line
And I went somewhere between them
And I had to follow you
So you did not fall
We do
I've also felt that you
I can't stay you way
Singing and straight to the heart home
Wearing it all
On the nights of the road bridge
Singing and straight to the heart home
Wearing it all
On the nights of the road bridge
Singing and straight to the heart home
Wearing it all
On the nights of the road bridge
I will write
Even if it takes
You never, ever left my side
Making like it was before
Even if it takes that lifetime
Takes a lifetime
Take a lifetime
Ready to go
On the night top of the day
Singing in the first half
Singing in between two hearts
Come play with your own
On the night top of the day
Singing in between two
Then ready to break it down
On the night top of the day
Singing in the first half
Singing in between two hearts
Come play with your own
On the night top of the day
Singing in between two hearts
Come play with your own
On the night top of the day
Singing in between two hearts
They're dropping like flies
They're dropping like flies
It's hard to even keep track anymore
You know we're going to have to start making a list
Aren't we?
I think we can all agree
Marie Skibb is dead
That's all I can tell you
Oh!
And I'm going home
Tomorrow
Tomorrow
No, we can all agree that that was the greatest BG song ever
That one right there at Night Sun Broadway
No argument
Can't wait, there you go
And even Carlos has no idea who the BG is even worse
He says yes
How do you like that?
I bet you even muffled come stick his head in the door
Say no question about it
That was the greatest BG
And not that I'm not going to play all the other ones
Because that'll give a lot of good time today
And there are a lot of great other ones too
There are many other great ones now
See the problem that the BG's had
And still have
Is that there are some of you macho assholes out there
Who want admit that you like the BG's
Because they were associated with
Disco
Ah!
Disco and no macho man
You know, will admit that he likes disco
And I can admit it because I'm going to roll a fag
But, uh, right, exactly
Wonder if Mo liked the BG's you think?
Not that we really care
They certainly beat Wayne Newton, Adele
Maybe the old BG's
Old BG's what?
He gives me the he-BG's
Is what he gives me
But anyway
Family is pretty pissed by the way
The family of Singaporeans
Give it the BG's who died age 53 yesterday
And Miami said they were questioning
His final hospital treatment of BBC says
Marisa's brother Barry said the family would fight to discover the truth about his death
After abdominal surgery at Mount Sinai Medical Center the BBC reported today
From the fact that they had to operate on Marisa during the Shock of Cardiac
The rescue is very questionable and will pursue every factor, every element, every second of the timeline
Of the final hours of Marisa's life, Barry told BBC Radio
We will pursue that relentlessly that'll be our quest from now on he said
There was no immediate comment from the hospital, of course
They're tight-lipped
Marisa's harmonies with his twin Robin and Elder Brother Barry 55
Up here one of the best-selling groups of the Rock and Roll era
Collapsed on Thursday at his Miami home after suffering intense stomach pain
And was rushed to Mount Sinai Hospital
He experienced cardiac arrest before a surgery on an intestinal blockage to the hospital
Said is that the same Mount Sinai Hospital that nearly killed me with that gallbladder?
Yes, how many are there?
They're all over the world
They don't mean here in town
One?
Okay
After the operation until he died it was listed in critical but stable condition
And all of a sudden...
He died?
Yeah
No time of death was given but it appeared to have been very early yesterday
Marisa born on the Isle of Man, not to be confused with the Isle of White
And raised in Manchester, that's not Manchester, New York that's England
Have been a heavy drinker and briefly deviled in cocaine before sobering up in the early 1990s
And now...
He died
He's dead
Our poll from Friday we had a unbelievable response before we get to today's BG's poll
1664 votes, I think that's a post-Aleon record I could be wrong about that
Maybe Eric in his spare time I check on it but not important like I said forget about it
And it's pretty heavy duty total when you agree 1664 votes?
That's probably because it's so negative
Anyway, I'm just like a ladle I see
Yeah, why don't you analyze that for us while I'm reading the results?
How come I'm so goddamn negative?
Because everybody's dying
Who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth we asked?
Most success least talent and after we do the abbreak then we'll tell you
Oh we got it to the break we actually got some spots today
Let's hear it
We got some spots that's the good news, the bad news is that PD Lenny was here in the studio this morning
Makes me physically ill when I see him
Makes me very very very upset to see old leather posts
And then Troy Stratford who used to be a good guy but now walks around very confused all the time going
Eeeeeeeeh
Just like Greg Readall it always does
He was also in here
Luckily for us we only spoke to Fat Boy on the phone
Even though he's only like a few yards away down the hall of peace
We didn't have to actually see him this morning
11 past 9 and no seriously that's one of the great things about doing the show from any place else
Even like from Buffalo well let's get in carried away but is that I don't have to see the salespeople
Except for Adam Adam's a good guy we're like Adam even though he's kind of depressing
Morbid right always looks like his dog peed on his shoes or something
But other than that we don't want to see the salespeople
Well Troy's a good guy
Troy Stratford right used to be a good guy
Now you ask him any question he says well I think I might be you know like that
He doesn't know anything anymore
So I guess he's now worked here long enough that he's confused
Another year is coming gone it's a new year and you want a brand new you
And you made all these resolutions for a new this and you that like a new paint job for the house new carpeting
But what about all the money that costs all of these things
That's right the cost you have fortune thousands of dollars
The trick is to make something look brand new when it's not
That's why I've been using dry concepts in my home for over 20 long excruciating years now
When your carpets are really clean they do look brand new
And dry concepts is the only service that dry cleans your carpeting your drapes
Your expensive area rugs and believe me your friends and everybody you know will think that you replaced your carpeting with brand new
That's how sensation was going to look and feel and smell
Dry concept technicians are school insuridified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration
And to leave your carpets soil free vibrant in color and softer the touch and smelling
Lemony fresh it's a mahaia
So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets a bolsterier leather furniture
It's time for dry concepts problem with pet orders milled motors caused by water damage
No problem dry concepts will make them like I said fan drastic
Oh it's yourself and your carpets to call the professionals because nobody in the world doesn't like them
Call dry concepts tool free from anywhere 1-800-2485071
1-800-2485071 or just log on to their website at dryconcepts.com
Dry concepts clean today entertain tonight
My I'm local this is for trail by 15 way
You way
Il God
Who's that group of Muslims helping terrorists
If a bunch of backwards thinking fundamentalists the Taliban
Who are those panatics that are filled with hate
If you're caught stealing it's your handle amputate the Taliban
The Taliban can't cause the rule of Afghanistan but there up to no goal
A Taliban man he doesn't give a damn about his country starving masses
Show us where the kibble passes so we can go and kick their asses
Welcome
Who keeps on the women covered head to toe
It could be Osama under there you'd never know the Taliban
The Taliban can't cause the rule of Afghanistan but there up to no goal
All right
917-560-WQA am happy Monday to inspec the fact that we are mourning for Marie Skib
Why is it that some people call him Morris?
His name is not saying it all over the news I don't care what they're saying his name has always been Marie Skib
It reminds me of like Terrell Owens he was always Terrell Owens before I think just T.O. is simple enough
The football player that you're very fun
Right
I mean I don't go for that
No I've always said Marie Skib
So anyway Eric Faxes me and reminds me that the highest vote count we ever had on our website
2,0332 was on November 8th 2000
If you're voting on election day who you're voting for and the man Gore 1600 92 bush 428
Nader 104 you assholes that voted for Nader came on you
These lunatics in there are going to blow the whole guy damn world up if we give him a chance and you have to put him in there
You Nader liquors you idiots you fools you morons
M.O.R.O.N. like Moe would say
Harry Brown 77 who the hell is Harry Brown?
Harry Brown
So you remember is he Ken the fudge Brown or fudge Packer?
Huh? No I don't remember
I don't remember the name Harry Brown
I don't know who the hell is
Papi Ken 31 probably those old Jews and Palm Beach had voted for Papi Ken thought they were voting for Gore
Shame on you too they're probably dead by now
So that was the record breaker
highest vote count ever even higher than alien?
Wow
Anyway so we had 1600 still going on now 1667 votes
Who's the luckiest person in the world most successful East talent
We'll go from the bottom up more more definitely three
And I guess they figure it one or two things either they have no idea who that is
Or they know he started all those very popular quick shows jeopardy we'll afford you know
Sure that's something because she sure did do that
Oh sorry Merv
Wayne Newton 7
Bruce Springsteen 11 Barbara Walla 13 that was George's choice way down here the bottom George sorry
Madonna 16 Tom Bokos 17 Martha Stewart 17
We just filled in 19 Pamelae 20
Slice to Lone 23 Tom Arnold 28
Jerry Springer 30 Bill Gates 37
And then it goes then it starts moving way up to the important people M&M 62
Rosie O'Donnell 66
Larry King 73
Van A White did a great job didn't I tell you she would do better?
She was a late addition which I again apologize for the oversight 76 for a Vanna the letter Turner
And then we get into the main contenders and triple digits
Oprah 153
And in the cold Smith 388
And George W Bush winning by over 200 votes 608
Ready for that 608 votes for El Presidente whose middle name is Eeeh
And you're like that here's today's poll
What's your take on the Bee Gees? I wasn't going to do what's your favorite Bee Gees song but that would assume that
I don't I don't I don't we could have done that but it would assume that somebody has a Bee Gees a favorite Bee Gees song
What does that mean? There are no there would have been categories on there like there are in here you'll I always give those people a place to go
You run there yeah like that but maybe we'll do that tomorrow in fact maybe we'll milk the Bee Gees all week
How's Andy give doing anyway here's our okay so that would what anyway he's still dead that's the response to that
Squid being such a pussy will you Carlos he's been dead for a long time and he give plus did he ever do any good music no no bubble gum
Right I mean that does mean we wanted him to die there are a lot of people never did any good music who pretended to do but that does mean we want him to die necessarily
Right right not necessarily we'll think about it for one I'm sure we'll come up with some that anyway but the Bee Gees his brother is the rest of the group did the fantastic music
Even if you want to admit it even if you hated disco even if you think that they sounded like a little bit on the face side
Torpe side hey if it was good enough for Frankie Valley and the four seasons they were doing false set oh before the Bee Gees
Right right so what's wrong with that and they didn't just do disco either the Bee Gees
Did I say they just did disco no but that's what a lot of people think that's part of the stick
This disco no no it's real schmaltz
In fact somebody in the building said they didn't give two chits about whether Maurice give that then he just say Massachusetts
Chits that's that what he said anyway here's our poll today what's your take on the Bee Gees now that Maurice
Give is that Morris I don't care how you say it because quite frankly doesn't make a difference at this point no no here your five choices as always a magnificent
Pull great one of the best groups ever good okay okay I like some of their music the Bee Gees suck or who are the Bee Gees
Now doesn't that cover everything from pillar to post from coast to coast I think so what's your take on the Bee Gees great one of the best groups ever
Good okay I like some of their music the Bee Gees suck or who are the Bee Gees
And the families pissed off and fired up here's our first call of the brand new week before I even get to vote
While I can't get the vote because he hasn't put it up there yet he will here it's right on top of it here's Fort Lauderdale hello
Hey are you doing me a song? I can pull out of there what is it?
I'm saying my name I'm saying yeah who's they never great I love the Bee Gees the Bee Gees yeah you like the Bee Gees all right I forgot to ask him giving or receiving now here's a fact that says see I don't understand this how can you
Staples staples super glue crazy glue maybe stackle I mean what the hell does that mean the body plate yeah I can think of younger days when living for my life too bad
We're on a crappy AM station with a crappy signal it really breaks my heart you know what and they live how long did they live here for
Crana leather were a fixture even longer than a need a Bryant over there on star island is not where they live the Bee Gees yes star island
And you think that considering the fact that you got what do we got here you got Casey and a sunshine band
Now what do you give me a look like that for god damn it this Carlos I think he's on real real borrowed time if you ask me doesn't like chocolate
Doesn't like chocolate doesn't like gacy and a sunshine band
What else shame on you mister oh that's right that was that was all this go
Madonna Madonna hangs out over there on the beach every now then runs around naked right Marilyn Manson
I don't know if he's still around here but Marilyn Manson he's a local boy is here no he's from here
Oh but he don't live here I'm talking about people who live here Madonna's not from here either but there are a lot of these famous people
You know since South Beach became the plastic the happening thing
Love these people slice the almost here for while and luckily we moved them out all right good when a doubt kick his ass out
We got enough stupid people are already without him
But the Bee Gees are like a fixture here you think that just like last week
You think the phones would be ringing off the hook with people calling with their recollections of the Bee Gees and would all it wouldn't you think that no?
Why not because of where we are because it's our audience because this place speaking of our audience
We were corrected by a couple of callers who should live on North Bay Road north of Mount Sinai not on star island
Maybe they did what they used to live on sterile. Let me tell you right now mister
They once upon a time they lived on star island. I think
But maybe not huh
I know I need to Brian wants to done so that's probably when they moved out
So they live near Mount Sinai hospital. Well, that's bad luck for them. You know that's a bad break
Because let me tell you right now from my personal gallbladder experience Mount Sinai hospital is not a place you want to be going into unless you're not planning on coming out
Follow my drift. No, if you think it's only like a one-way trip going in
But you don't it's like the Roach Motel where they chicken but they don't check out
That's to me what I think of Mount Sinai hospital over there on Miami Beach
Not that I want to get personal with them or anything like that
But I just happen to hate that place like poison like poison
Okay, which I'm entitled my opinion. I hate them like poison just kind of like the way Hank feels about mo
Fisher Island someone called to say is a
Fisher Island. I mean, what's it? How about Mrs. Carl Fisher?
From the wonderful island dreams it almost inspires me to play that
But we don't have time for that because we got all these bg songs to play today and not one call on the board
Not a single call we had the other guy who called who said he likes a good bj. He's a little bit confused. He's got a bad radio
I think he said what he meant to say. I'm sure he did
And who could argue with it something like that
26 past nine and five sixty W. W. Q. I. M. What a crew man. What a crowd in this town heartless grotesque cruel
insensitive hostile
No feelings no emotion
They're like a bunch of automatons as somebody once said
927 I'm not gonna get whipped up about it a few people don't care. That's your problem. We care here on the show
We've got we've got sensitivity on the show. We've got feeling
Keah whatever the hell that means in Egyptian
Holidays are over new years here. It's time to get we're serious about those new years resolution. That's what Troy Stradford said
Get off your lazy ass and keep two to your news resolution to improve your health and start losing that weight
In fact, just in the last week or two
They've been telling you now as if we didn't already know that that fat takes years off your life
It's ugly its grotesque and it's debilitating
So if you want to lose the weight everybody in their brothers peddling is some lose weight deal
Here's the answer for you lose it to delicious and safe way with balance for life
They provide all the food which makes it so damn easy instead of you having to figure out well
What can I eat and what can't I eat and what should I buy you don't buy anything except the balance for life food
That deliver right to your door in your little black sack by six o'clock every morning of your life
And your home at your office where you're gonna be at six in the morning
No cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carb counting
Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet and
Delivers those three delicious gourmet meals and two delicious nights right to your doorstep every day
So get with the real proven weight loss program
Not some crazy regimen that won't work and you wind up gaining more back than you had in the first place
Balance for life really gets the job done take a look at the beast
We've saved his life and made him look almost human
He's still working on it call balance for life today and keep that new years resolution
At least the one about losing weight and getting healthy and looking good again call 954
568 3229
954 568 3229 or visit their most prestigious website at balance for life dot com
And done as dirt hi, I'm Joey D formally of Joey D in the starlight
I'm also founder of the rock and roll restaurant where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars
You love so much in the past but whose lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies stars like mr. D clock over here
You can plainly see why we need your help over here. We have Daniel Lopetus who sang rhythm for the govones
Every now and then I try to help them out
Okay
I will help you
Please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Surf City our email address
Is runswick.1 for more information just call feetwood 4 5 7 8 9
Remember this golden
Wonderful
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
And Bob secretly on wrestle now get out here, mom. Okay, we're doing a little music seminar here
As a matter of fact, it's a little preview QM's going back to all music starting out tomorrow starting today
Get that sports crap off the year already
All the jets people
What are you probably thinking about that a big year that kids had pennington who looks like a real goofball with elephant ears
But nevertheless had a big year. He just kind of like not ready for prime time yet
You know he was overthrown receivers by 5 10 yards and then when he would actually hit him they dropped the ball
Hey there you go, Chad dropped it
But you know give him credit where credit is due and of course a lot of the Dalton fans are saying oh thank god the jets laws
We feel better now right thank god
It's just like people like Gloria a step on her probably say it rather once say that
Because as I said to you off the air after the last break or during the last break we're in around the last break
What a disgrace that the great music from the 70s that was made here in South Florida the music that last for a lifetime
It's totally for centuries was replaced by people like Gloria a step on in the anxious Miami sound machine and that swill that crap
garbage
We're embarrassed and humiliated about it
Because lots of time what about
Hughes Corporation rock to boat right what about George McCray that was all recorded down here. That was here. Yes
Good because everything I don't remember that name of the studio. What was the end of the studio?
We're all at Casey in the sunshine band all that good disco stuff and even the bad disco stuff
Most of it was recorded right down here somebody will know somebody will know
Here's a fact an intense facts disgraceful
Which of the brothers give was it that croaked Maurice or Morris depending on how you be saying it
I hate to speak ill of the dead he says but that band sucked slas sucks
How's the poll coming let's see what's your take on a bg 67 votes on there already great one of the best groups ever 23
Okay, I like some of their music 22 the bg suck 11 good seven who are the bg's for criteria criteria that's what I thought it was
It says maybe guilty is actually a gib with that no balls voices now you may be getting a little warmer on this facts
Maybe he's kin. You know what I mean? I think you do I'm living in Chicago now says this fact
But I have the opportunity to move back to buy beloved South Florida. Are you out of your mind?
You're living in Chicago, but have the opportunity to move back here to paradise
Which city do you think I should move to I remember thinking that highly would be a great place to raise my kids?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah right next door to the racetrack and be a good place the flamingos are getting lonely
Hey, you can take the literal real on second thought
I'll stay here and freeze my nuts offices it beats having 200 Julio's block at the interstate highway because they're pissed about something
Thank God for the webcast it says here's what Chicago was saying and then it says yo yo yo let's rape Mo is what it says
That's what they're saying in Chicago from coast to coast
We're gonna put that grizzle a little fart on the map again. Yo yo yo. Let's rape Mo is big coast to coast
Pot activists can smoke and drive
Pembroke Ontario
But I did the the pot laws in Canada are crumbling as we speak
Falling apart
going by the wayside
It says an eastern Ontario man is one is court battle to talk and drive and what could become a precedent setting case
Did we we never found this to put on there did we because I looked it up on
Canadian press couldn't find it
Rick reamer a former no relation to Rick Riley by the way and George and I discussed it before the show today
We took about 20 30 seconds to discuss it. We decided we don't like Rick Riley
Rick reamer a former lawyer and marijuana activist who had a joint in his hand when police pulled him over
It was acquitted wins they have driving while impaired by marijuana. This again is an eastern Ontario, Canada
There wasn't enough evidence to prove the multiple sclerosis suffer who has an exemption to smoke pot was impaired beyond a reasonable doubt
Just as Bruce McFee's be saying
In the absence of objective expert testimony without the opportunity to witness reamer straight since he was never during the
Travelling the trial was never straight during the trial
McFee said he couldn't convey well he was stoned out of his mind during the tries got MS
Don't be such a hard ass. I'm happy. I think it's the right verdict reamer said what I'm hoping now
Will happen will be that more debate on the issue and through democratic process our government will decide well
Do we need a lot of so what kind of law do we need what kind of investigative tools do the police need these are all issues surrounding
We're one of the big Nord so there you go
Another invites the dust
Here's a call from Davie hello, hello. Yes, sir all that great Miami Sound stuff the original Miami Sound stuff was
Was brought by Henry Stone it was TK
With the studio and the label right here records right. Yeah, and that you know
Foxy and
At Dorothy Moore at all those great groups from from Miami
It's an amazing amount of hit records. So even
Ring my bell, you know, right that's what big ones. Mm-hmm. It's an amazing. I'd have to play all that stuff today
It was a great time and it was really great music and you're right
Unfortunately, people think that the real Miami Sound was that that stuff that came afterward and it was really that first back
Like Gloria Stefan. Oh
God
It will cut us to you for realizing and recognizing the original Miami Sound. Thanks a lot pal. You bet. See ya
There you go. There's a guy that appreciates what was really going on here
What's a part of that when this used to be a pretty damn good town?
I'll tell you back in the 70s and then oh and then
942 at 560 WQ. I am hey guys the new years here if your new years resolution is a high-paying computer career
Now is the time to act to be doing it fast train is holding a free career seminar this Tuesday evening tomorrow night at its
Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines locations
This is a free underlined again a free seminar called tool free 1 866 fast train to reserve your seat
That's 866 fast train make 2003 the either you're in a high-paying computer job
Save it by that crappy dead end job in your crappy old boss with a hole in his head
If you're overworked underpaid or in a real sucky job
This could be the most important 50 minutes you'll be spending in your life fast train can have a
Certified and ready for your dream job in just four short months call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train
They have convenient day evening weekend classes for you call 1 866 fast train to reserve your seat for tomorrow night for
Directions just check out fast train on the web at fasttrain.com
5 and the local this is 560
The radio's all yours now
Q and
Yo, let's rape
Oh
Radio big shot
Rasta we pass the time away in the K. Oh jail
Live from the 7th fun capital of the world Miami Beach Florida. It's the Latin
Hey
I slipped
You money� please
I'm
Thanks
There's something happening to me
There is something I would like you all to see
You're right
It's just a photo grab for someone that I knew
Have you seen my white mischievous
No
Do you know why it's like on the outside
Don't go talking to loud you cause a landslide
This the gels
I keep spraining my ears and we're a sound
Maybe someone is digging underground
Or have they given up an organ of the bed
Baking those in one safe system must be dead
Have you seen my white mischievous
Do you know why it's like on the outside
Don't go talking to loud you cause a landslide
This the gels
In the event of something happening to me
You're right
There is something I would like you all to see
It's just a photo grab for someone that I knew
Have you seen my white mischievous
The other one
Do you know why it's like on the outside
Don't go talking to loud you cause a landslide
This the gels
I remember playing that on a radio
How do you like that? 1967 I played it in 68 and 9's
Matter of fact in Kalamazoo Michigan and WTPS
New York mining disaster 1941
Does anybody have any idea what that was all about
I imagine it's about a mining disaster
No but I'm serious was there like really such a thing
Where was this in like the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
Oh I see
Oh let's play some Gordon Lightfoot
Oh he's still alive damn it
Now see if we could make a swap
And what did he have?
Abdominal pains
Gordon Lightfoot
Yeah
Had to operate on him
Lightweight
Canadian A course these guys were British and I went to Australia
The Bee Gees
That's where they became big Australia
And then they said let's go to Miami Beach
Not a good move in the long run
The brothers had 9 number one
Well it wouldn't a good move because otherwise they wouldn't want up at Mount Sinai
At Mount Sinai as George said before
George said at Mount Sinai I like that
So killer
The brothers had 9 number one songs wrote dozens of hits for other artists
And sold more than 110 million records
Placing them fifth in pop history behind Elvis Presley
The Beatles Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney
And you're like that
And if you take Paul McCartney out since he was one of the Beatles
It would be like number four
Pretty damn impressive in spite of the fact that we still got a bunch of
We've got, well let me give you the result, 131 votes
What's your take on the Bee Gees?
Great one of the best groups ever, 47
36% of the audience say one of the best groups ever
Even the Gell admits like it to Bee Gees
Even good old macho Miguel
He says he can afford to do that because he's a spicken where's a lot of jewelry and a guava bearer
So they can afford to say hey we like disco a lot
Because it fits in with our ambiance
And as far as glory as step on his concern he said, that's screw to bitch
131 votes, great one of the best groups ever, 47
Okay I like some of their music, 39
The Bee Gees suck, 20
15.2% 20 people said the Bee Gees suck
Do you talk about insensitivity?
Maurice just died yesterday
He died?
And 20 of you said they suck
Well I mean I put it on her because I know a lot of people would say that
Right, a few assholes, few insensitive roots
Good, 19, they were good
And who are the Bee Gees six?
Probably six punks or six drunks
Or maybe a bunch of schwarzes I don't know
They don't like the Bee Gees
Why wouldn't they?
I guess the yellow one would be dark for it
Because they're busy listening to hip hop they got 14 hip hop stations on here now
But the dark for the blue
You got 25 stick stations, 14 hip hop stations
What chance do we got?
We got any chance?
No
None
Oh and a book comes out Friday, don't forget
Oh that's going to be a bad day for this place
Yeah can you smell it?
I can already smell the aroma
But people pass in voluminous amounts of gas in a hallway
When at around 11.30 on Friday morning boys and girls be sure to tell everybody
The winter book, the rating book comes out
Of course now that we're free from Georgia's numbers in the summertime
I mean
We decided that Rick Roddy is a vulture who's hovering over your ass
Just waiting for the opportunity to swoop right in
Is not the fall for Rick?
What's coming out?
The what?
Isn't it the fall book that's coming out?
What did I say?
The winter book?
Okay so I'm getting like Tom Jicke
Oh Tom is back in Hollywood again you notice?
He's back out there getting wind and dying
It's like a half time I guess
And so he's getting wind and dying
All of his columns again are just generic columns about TV shows
Now he's even got one about what was the one today about some crap
You're out of touch time
You're not in touch with the local community here
Spending too much time out of time
And even when you're in town I write a damn thing about local TV or radio
You bald head to geek
I hope every horse you've been on falls down at the track
Doesn't get hurt but falls down
It's less than a gate
Throw it to Jackie
We don't anybody get hurt but
There are 1977 contributions to the Saturday Night Fever album
See to me the music from that movie was what the movie was all about
Somebody would say that was John Travolta
No it made the movie
There could have been a movie with the crew
Of course that is absolutely correct
Sir it was like a video for the album
Made it the best Sunday movie soundtrack ever
With more than 40 million copies sold
Among their disco hits on the album
Stay in alive more than a woman how deep is your love and night fever
The BG's became members of the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame in 17 Grammy Awards
There are last album in 2001 title
This is where I came in and I guess this is where Maurice checks out
And they're pretty pissed off about it
They're foaming at the mouth about Mount Sinai
Speaking of that album if I'm not mistaken
If I can't have you it was also a really big hit even though it was some bitch on element saying it
They wrote it
Didn't I just say here earlier they maybe I didn't read that
That they wrote songs for other uh yeah
Now let's see playing paying the price a lot of night in the size was the album 1993
Which I just happen to have my hands right here because I guess nobody decided to steal that from our studio here
The BG's greatest hits they did steal but nevertheless I was able to compensate for that
Because they have a lot of light finger dash holes in this building
And because of the fact that we have no control over who comes in and out of here
And because everybody's in and out in and out
It's like a guy named Horahouse, a lot of in and out going on here
Like a flop house
So it's really difficult to keep a grasp on your goods
You know what I'm saying?
And one thing you always try to keep as a grasp on your goods
This is pretty good article here
This is from the Boston Globe
Of course you'd expect them to have a better article than these local fish rappers here
And they did
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless LAN
As we excoriate Gloria Stefan and her husband and talk about how wonderful the BG's were
And the music of that era
Aren't we right?
Yes we are
Yes
We're gonna have 25 people now say the BG's suck
We're gonna be tracing all of those votes
A big black guy named Ben is gonna be standing outside your car when you go to it
Not protecting it, just waiting to break your kneecaps
Here's Miami Beach, hello
Yeah, good morning, I'm alright
Okay
I think they started out on the Keybescane and then the move to Venetian Cosway
And now they were living here on North Bay Road
Like 20 blocks from the Mount Sinai
Really?
Yeah
What a shame that they had to be near that hospital, you know Maurice could still be alive today a bit
The funny thing is I think the two brothers have a house and in the middle, JLo bought one
Oh no
Yeah
No wonder he's dead
I went by that yesterday to see maybe I could get the listing from Maurice but they wouldn't able to talk to me yet
God damn
I'm a realist today
Anyway, on the more a new standoff, why don't you invite him to the show and talk to him on the air?
I wouldn't spit on the best part of that creature if we could find it, okay?
There will be one of them
He's not allowed in this studio sir
Sorry?
He's not allowed in this studio
Oh that's why you can do it over the phone
Huh?
You can do it over the phone
No chance
No way Jose
I'll tell you what the day that OJ calls the show and confesses to the murders that today will let Moe come on the show
Okay
Yeah, man
It's a deal
Let him on the show be great radio for what?
Tell them we want that pompous ass with a bad Veracos veins in here
We're kicking ass here man
The last thing we need is some paste the old Jets fan
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from Lake Worth, hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay
You know, fortunate all these people are dying
But it's all gone fortunate I get to hear your comment on Dr. Loris' mother
What happened to her, do you know?
What happened? What happened to her?
I know she's dead
Yeah, she was like a recluse
She was living in air in Dr. Loris obviously was not in communication with her and she died
That's it
She died so long ago that her body melted into the carpeting and they couldn't separate it with the crowbar
That's what, by the way
Yeah, months went by before they found her in that decrepit state, even worse than Beth's mother from passions
Well, that's horrible
I mean, but I mean nothing, I mean, I'm sorry when people die, but Dr. Loris, she should have been on one of your no talent
A luck poll, why wasn't she on there?
She's small potatoes
Oh yeah, I really can't stand her
She makes me sick, I mean, I wish I had a little bit more balls to say that yeah, I'm glad her mother
Well, why blame her mother?
Oh, maybe they may be
In fact, the way you really would like to say is you wish her mother had survived and then she would have been in the carpet
That might be a little better
Am I right?
Huh?
Okay, thank you and have a great day
And thanks for having the balls to say it like it is, man
I've succeeded, she way am
Is a butt, I smell it
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock
He sat in the meadow just shaking his fist
That some boys who were down by the prick
They're feeding the water
Their hands on their marbles
And play things and at half past four
There came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces
And white plop be done
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling
Reptuse and litter from yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
Down by the dark
He looked like a man with a size of a bowl home in the country
With a big fence out front
If he has her fun lightly
She'd show him her lentil pet dog who was subject to fits
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands
With a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy
So tasty made of butter, Scotch
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself
WQAM
Y'all alright?
Huh?
Oi
Hey, it's time to get a world of tears as long as it's friends
Don't worry, Ro
I just can't make any of the love
I really should be only you
Only you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me, you
Love me
This time and I'm going right where
Oh, girl, never
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I
'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not even learningtheir, means to win, means to win, means to win, means to win, means to earn me, means to
I wish the show that you have those hours cracking me
I'm holding time, you know no one is hard to read
If that's what we're talking, you're going away
I wish the show that you have those hours cracking me
I wish the show that you have those hours cracking me
I wish the show that you have those hours cracking me
I wish the show that you have those hours cracking me
I wish the show that you have those hours cracking me
That certainly could be the theme song for South Florida, which happened over the last 20
years.
So tragedy, 10 out of 7 at 5.
Six people mourning the death of Maurice Kim.
Maurice, I thought Maurice was a cat and Maurice was the Abigee.
248 votes.
What's your take on Abigee?
Is great one of the best groups ever 95 38.3% okay, I like 7 or music 60 24.1%.
The BG suck 40 people say that 16.1%.
Don't you find that grotesque typical?
Good 37 14.9% and who are the BG 16 6.4% of this audience say who that be?
I think today is a matter of fact if this community had any kind of decency or a sense of
respect, all of the music stations in this community ought to be ceasing their regular
programming, don't you think?
For me to have to be doing this on an AM station with a crappy signal, it sounds like
like that, like music coming through a strainer and we understand that and the best we can
do.
Do we have AM stereo here?
No.
Are we broadcasting in digital?
No.
Of course not.
We're just taking the money that we can get it.
But I think that all the other stations including the hip hop and the Aspic and all these
other radio, Amora, radio, hate, whatever they are should suspend the regular format and
play all BG's all day.
See.
Don't you think so?
No.
Sure.
Who else is doing it?
What do you mean by that?
Besides you?
Nobody.
Right.
No, I don't know.
How do I know?
Maybe they are.
Maybe magic is playing all BG's today.
And now with that program director they got because they got to get the foundations in there
and build me a buttercup and the righteous brothers, maybe like every third song will be
the BG's on magic today.
What do you think?
We'll get a spy report.
Somebody will be tuning around the FM band, finding out if somebody's got the common
sense.
Now that people are in the mood to like reminisce a little bit, I would think.
Got all, mate.
It's just sad.
You know, it's like a part of our life is just, you know what I mean?
I don't think you do know what I mean.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
There's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, the 40 people that say the BG's suck, they must think M&M's a major talent.
43 now.
43 as you speak.
Well, since it shows it on, you've played songs that I've forgotten about, but I have one
for you.
How about run to me?
You know, that one?
Run to me?
Yeah.
By the BG's?
Yes, sir.
Run to me?
I guess it was around 6970.
Let me look at my book.
I never heard of it.
You'll know it when you hear it.
Well, how am I going to hear it?
When you find it?
You going to sing it for us?
No.
Well, why don't I?
Oh, boy.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me look into the book here.
Okay, BG's?
Run to me.
You're right.
Reach number 16 with 1972.
Get your ears right.
Oh, sorry.
Run to me.
Well, maybe I'll find it here somewhere.
Yeah, and tragedy.
That could be what happened to radio, too.
Yeah, amen.
That was great show, Neil.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Have a great day in Orlando.
If that's possible up there with all those purposes of going running around, closing down the
strip joints.
Run to me.
Do you ever remember that?
Sure.
You do?
Yeah.
I don't know how come you didn't say something.
What was I supposed to say?
You were supposed to say there was such a song, dummy.
I thought you were looking it up to find out where it is.
I don't remember the song.
I was sure if I heard it, I'd recognize all of them.
Yeah, you would.
Well, we have a lot more to play today, like about 100.
Drive talking.
I want to play that sound Broadway 10 times.
Yeah.
I'll see it again.
Now, that wasn't their biggest hit.
You know what their biggest hit was?
Out of the state of life.
Night fever, eight weeks number one.
Well, look at all the number one hits they had.
Good God.
How can you mend a broken heart?
Four weeks number one.
Drive talking, two weeks number one.
Eh.
I'll play it by the end of the day.
How deep is your love?
Three weeks number one.
Stay in a live four weeks number one.
Night fever, eight weeks.
Too much heaven, two weeks tragedy, two weeks.
And love you inside out.
It was number one for a week.
What thought was that?
Love you inside out?
Recognize it if you heard that too.
Love you inside out?
Sure.
You would.
Okay.
Well, see, I'd have it here.
I'd have them all if some asshole had the stool in my best of BGCD from in here.
CDs, it was a double.
Yeah, it's a double set.
Do you have any idea how much of my own hard-earned money I spent for that?
$18.
Probably.
Can't afford that.
And that's US funds, not Kinnok.
I'm gonna have to replenish all those when I get back to Toronto.
Wait, because it's, you know, that's one of the wonderful things is that 60-cent Canadian dollar.
Love it.
They don't love it too much up there, eh?
But I love it myself.
60 cents out of dollar.
Go get a haircut.
The haircut there was like 15 bucks I give to guff, uh, $5 tip.
That's 20 bucks Canadian.
That's 12 bucks.
Where did you get a nice, a good, and I got a great barber up there, which you notice I'm long overdue.
I think I better go up there and get a haircut.
Yeah, your sideburns are getting a little shabby.
Yeah, a little, oh nasty.
I'm overdue.
But I have a great barber.
So like 12 bucks for a haircut and a tip for a great haircut.
That's just one example.
Not to mention like a big, big tub of Nestle's, uh...
Turtle ice cream.
Oh, that kid's gonna call me again.
You call my mother a bitch.
Well, that's cause she's trying to kill me with goddamn sugar and food.
This is my annual, this is sports 20-year-old life sick.
You way up.
There, though, the men who guns are cults raise our hopes with heaven's hate.
Me, I know, this spaceship comes from power to take us to our fate.
So I lie down on my bed, on my bed, purple shrouded around my head, over my head, I long to be this pilot dead, wish I was dead, and I heal myself for too.
The men who guns are cults.
10-16, by the way, they have another press conference, the Raylions.
Only this one's on Uranus.
The media boy, you talk about egg on your purse.
Who the hell are you, people of kidding?
Well, we had to report this story, you know, that awful show with the Howard Kurtz that really hurts.
No.
I'll see you at the show they have on Sunday mornings.
I can never think of the name, because unreliable sources.
Oh, that look.
Yeah.
Oh, well, we had to report it because we carry a lot of life, Preska.
And whoever the hell was critiquing them said, yeah, but these are people who claim to have been on Mars and come from some other, and talk to people from outer space.
Wouldn't you be like a little bit skeptical?
God.
So, speak of the skeptical, look who's throwing his hand in the ring, or throwing his yarmulka in the ring.
Using American power.
Using American power.
Get out of here, Jewelie.
Remember, are you a crazy person or what?
Good, golly Miss Molly.
He couldn't win a fixed election.
He couldn't win an election in show.
That's how weak he is.
That's how lame he is.
And they're putting on the bottom.
Oh, he'd be the first Jewish president.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Lots of luck to you.
Maybe he could get Hillary as his running mate.
You mean like kind of cinch it?
You mean like to caucus did with Geraldine Ferraro?
Yeah, the Democrats have this death wish.
Oh, let's put the last nails in our coffin and put somebody on the ticket.
It'll make them sure we can't possibly win.
Oh, but don't you think they're brave by doing that?
Let me say it again.
This is the only program in America where you'll hear the truth about the Naya, the 2000 election.
And you can forget about Ralph Nader if you can.
This man right there that's on your screen right now.
Store independence to the White House.
He caused Al Gore the election.
Nothing. Al Gore is any great shakes.
At least you don't want to blow the whole world up yet.
But this business is putting a Jew on the ticket and not just any ordinary pedestrian Jew,
but a real, I got it on my sleeve.
Maybe and keep in mind that being the Orthodox Jew that he is, if he were to the Senate.
And this is the excuse that he makes, which I think is a pretty lame excuse.
If he were to the Senate, he'd be walking around with a full wardrobe on.
With the Yarmulka and the Talus and the Tafillion and the Furhat and the Furhat and the Fur and the Sitzis.
And how can you walk around in the Senate with Titzis when we can't even say it on the air?
Huh?
What Jew Lieberman's gonna run?
Oh, I think it's time for a solder one.
Now that's another sh-
Here's the fact this is great song Massachusetts.
It's just you, I'm going back to Massachusetts.
Some things telling me I must go home.
And the lights are without events and juices.
The day has passed, and they've all grown.
I'm dying on the air.
The lights in the chair are right, you send the friends your skills.
I give the things I want to.
And the lights are without events and juices.
They brought me back to sleep my way with you.
I told you about the night in Massachusetts.
Speak about the heat, the high sea.
And the lights are without events and juices.
And the lights in the kitchen, in one place I have seen.
And the lights in the kitchen, in one place I have seen.
Hey Jeff Heist, David, put with your facts over here.
You're not funny when you're getting on my nerves now.
Anyway, light 101, thank you, win one of our regular facts.
Light 101.5 is playing the BG's all day.
And I think that if our buddy down the hall, kids scurvy,
if he had any class, any balls, what are you smirking about?
What? Don't you think that those kids, those punk, those illiterates, those degenerates have heard enough of that crap?
No.
Not according to them.
Well, according to me, they have.
Just this one day.
Just this one time, Kay, I'll let you ask me about my business.
Come on, kid. Get some BG's on there, baby.
In fact, I think what we ought to do is just get right up, walk down the hall, and move our show for just this one day to power on FM.
I mean, what's the point of I played all this great music on AM where it sounds like crap, like swill.
I'm embarrassed.
Now let me ask you, how about when I was playing music in Toronto? Remember that one show I did?
Yeah.
Your couple of shows?
Mm-hmm.
How did that sound?
It sounded great in here.
What does that mean?
In these studios down the line?
Yeah.
It sounds great.
On the air?
Oh, on the air.
Oh, down the line.
Oh, you should hear how it sounds in my studio up there.
Oh, seriously, I have these two great speakers like on stands, you know?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
In fact, even on a bulk of Brian bits that are in, you know, like in stereo, and I'm hearing, I'm hearing stuff that I never heard before.
Oh, he puts way more work into those than anybody should.
Exactly.
I have no idea why.
For the CDs.
310 votes on the pool.
What's your take on the BG's?
In case you've been sleeping, more is given to BG's.
I died yesterday at Mount Sinai Hospital, and the family's pretty damn upset.
He had intestinal blockage.
They rushed him to hospital on Thursday, suffered cardiac arrest before the operation.
And then they went in there and operated and all of a sudden, but I'm being yesterday morning.
It just went, it seemed like he was coming back and then, you know, upgraded his condition.
And that was it.
He died yesterday.
And the family is investigating each and every movement, every moment.
Just like I should have done after they'd named you killed me with a, oh, that gallbladder operation.
It's a piece of cake.
That's what Fair Rich told me.
And if anybody knows about a piece of cake, usually cheese cake, it's the fat man.
I lost so much blood that it was like, it was like current carpenter almost on that bed.
Horrible.
Awful experience.
And then I had to fight my way out of there.
They wanted to keep me, they keep those bills building up for a few more days on my insurance.
Had a force my way out of there.
Mount Sinaiide.
Good line, George.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miami Springs, hello.
Hey, morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was going to tell you about the pronunciation between Morris and Maurice.
Yes.
Actually, it seems that Morris was the actual pronunciation.
It was not the pronunciation, it was the name, not Maurice.
How do you know that?
When you say it seems, I mean, it seems based on what?
Well, I mean, why I've heard, and every time I hear his name pronounced, nobody gives themselves, it's Morris.
So apparently that's how it's...
I thought Morris was a cat.
Yeah.
Also, you know, about run to me.
Yeah, run to me is the great lost, BG said.
It was big in early 72.
I mean, if you hear it, you're definitely recognizing it.
Well, I'm going to tell you, I'll get a hold of it between now and tomorrow.
Well, also about George McCray.
Anyway, on his hit, I was a rock-be-baby.
Yeah, rock-be-baby.
Anyway.
Rock-be-baby?
Yeah, right.
Anyway, he was the sunshine band who was backing him up without Casey.
How do you like that?
Yeah, really.
I knew that was done, dad.
And there was a TK records, right?
Right, right, exactly.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, and see you.
Got him.
Yeah, those were the good days.
I don't care what anybody says.
Early 70s through the...
And then at Jack, as up there in Chicago, Steve Doll, wasn't either one that did that,
burning the disco records at Kamiski Park.
And all that crap about disco sucks.
You suck, Steve.
I've heard Steve Doll on the area.
Oh, man, he's bad.
He's terrible.
Maybe once upon a time, he was good.
Kind of like I'mus, you know, who was good like a hundred years ago.
And then became like an old Kermudgeon,
with that leather jacket sitting in the chair there.
Oh, with his head down, trawling on that gum.
You know why he chews on a gum, though, too.
Okay?
Oh, you said that.
Well, at least he's not sitting there drinking, dad.
He's a coke by the gallon.
I saw alcoholics we've known in his business.
Maybe he keeps that under the hood.
The good news is that Tommy Kramer, from back in our packs and days,
didn't do drugs back when it was fashionable in the 60s and 70s.
Not a line, not a toe.
There wasn't one day that went by that he didn't remind us that he didn't do drugs.
Even though he looked like he did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
I think it was got to the point where he wanted to see if we'd believe it.
Quite frankly, we don't care.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The matter of fact, I played a drums in a band and I recorded in studio Sunshine Studios.
In 1984, we had a rehearsal.
There was a beachy recorded there.
Right.
KC in the Sunshine Band.
Uh-huh.
The studios off the ball metal on 58th Street.
It was a warehouse and they converted into a recording studio.
And Grand Funk Railroad also recorded the last problem there in the late 70s.
And my guitar player, he, uh, in UKC personally, he let us, he let us use the studio and all the equipment to record there.
I was in 1984.
So I just thought I'd let you know that.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, I'll go to one.
You too.
How do you like that?
He knew KC personally.
I know KC.
KC was in my house.
In my juggernaut house, that A-Stave implantation.
Yeah.
Did that show on Zeta that one day?
KC was in there, the bird.
The Gantsamish Baja.
5,670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
There's a bad thing going on, boys and girls.
People are dying to drop it like flies.
Line and local.
We're sports radio 560, suing.
Suing.
Suing.
I am.
Go back to Canada, you two bastards.
I'm too sexy for my foreskin.
Too sexy for my foreskin.
Too sexy for a circumcision.
I'm too sexy for my foreskin.
Too sexy for my foreskin.
Too sexy for a circumcision.
I'm too sexy for a smith.
Too sexy for my tip.
Too sexy for a tip clip.
Yes, I am a model.
Can't you see my stuff through my pad leg?
Yes, through my pad leg.
My religion.
My religion is clear through my pad leg.
Yes, through my pad leg.
I am too sexy for a trim.
Too sexy with smith.
Too sexy for my foreskin.
I don't know, to me is classy.
I don't understand your paper.
You've got it off before.
You know how big it's going to get.
Your boys going to grow up.
You're going to have no place to stick his gum when he's not chewing it.
Don't be where you're hopping in the time machine.
Won't you come along and change?
No.
Here's a golden vector from WQAL.
Right now.
You got it?
Yes.
Well, you can tell by the way I use my work.
I'm a woman's man.
Don't tell me the time.
You say that with this woman,
you can't get around.
This is how I want to go.
I'm going to go around.
I'm not here.
And you may not be on the way.
But we can't try.
You want us, man.
And you're your time, man.
Now we're here.
You're going to go to the way.
You're going to have to stay in the line.
Stay in the line.
You'll be staying in the line.
Everybody's singing.
You'll stay in the line.
Stay in the line.
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know.
Stay in the line.
Stay in the line.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Stay in the line.
A-oga-ga pré-sta !!
Oooo-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh .
Now you know what it is?
What's up!
Full of �mon and NextDrive
I don't care now.
Can't get enough.
It's not in the line.
One cough, another cough.
That's nooppin' meaning!
It's not in the line.
You know what you love.
It's not in the line.
You ask for anything.
You know what it's all right,
And yo-hey, stay in the line.
I think you can see,
And yo-hey, sword dance!
You know what it is,
What's up!
It's not in the line.
I'm not making a name
I will never forget the only love that you say in a lie
You're saying a lie
You're saying break it in everybody
She can't say in a lie
Say in a lie
I don't fight in a lie
I can't say in a lie
Say in a lie
I don't fight in a lie
Say in a lie
I don't know in the world
Somebody help me
Somebody help me
Somebody help me
Somebody help me
Somebody help me
Somebody help me
I can't fail
That's a great idea
You're my world
I won't lose me
No time to fall
You sing love, we're there, we're gonna walk on and get to that
Cause I wanna go, and we're gonna run, it's okay
Like you say I love you, you're gonna wait
And we damn fight, you understand
And you're your time, time, time, time, time, time, time
When you're over the world, when you're in the room
You say in the night, say in the night
You say in the break in the night, everybody shakein'
You know we're saying in the night, say in the night
You say in the night, say in the night
You say in the night, say in the night
I'm in the way, I'm in the way, I'm in the way
I'm in the way, I'm in the way, I'm in the way
I'm in the way, I'm in the way, I'm in the way
I'm in the way, somebody help me
I'm in the way, I'm in the way, I'm in the way
I'm going in the way, somebody help me
Everybody說...
I just mentioned that in the past.
And it also has to be made up of the disco scene from Airplane.
We're just talking about that. Really? Really?
It was even better than this area in there. It's so easy.
I wasn't just saying how this reminds me of that.
Oh, absolutely. That was one of the great movies of all time.
Anyway, this is fantastic.
At the risk of being insensitive, you know, in the beginning of that song, can I just play the first little again?
Now, listen to the first, the beginning of the lyrics.
What he's saying in that high-pull, set-of-voice, which I always thought ironic and most amusing in the beginning.
Which I like the song a lot. It's great.
The high-end...
You can't say it all by the way. I used my voice. I'm a bull on the stage.
It's too empty.
Can I sound like a woman's band when you're singing that voice?
Sound of more like a man's.
Anyway, got some more bad news. Oh, no. They're dropping like flies.
British glam rock star Mickey Finn, bongo player with the 1970s Van T. Rex has died in hospital age 55, his manager said yesterday.
Oh!
He died?
Barry Nuby said Mr. Finn died in hospital in Croydon, south of London on Saturday night after an illness.
Mickey had been having health problems for a while, and Nuby told Reuters, Nuby said Mr. Finn was stuck to a diet of kidney and liver problems, but the exact cause of death hadn't been announced.
Formed by Flamboyant Leeds singer Mark Bolin in 1967.
T. Rex shot the fame with hits such as Get It On, Hot Love, and Children of the Revolution in the early 70s.
The band was originally called Taranosaurus Rex, but the name was shortened to T. Rex in 1970 after Mr. Finn joined replacing original member Steve Tuck.
I heard Steve Tuckham for a sleigh ride.
The band achieved a huge following in Britain sparking a period of T. Rex to see among devoted fans, but achieved more limited popularity in the US and elsewhere.
Quinted with introducing the phenomenon of glam rock to pop music and influencing artists such as David Bowie, the band played to crowds of up to 100,000 and sold 39 million albums to Quinted Rolling Stone magazine.
By the way, it's Morris Gibbs.
That guy said.
I always call them a Reese, okay?
So did everybody.
Well, does it make a difference now like we said before, probably not.
Also with the risk of being insensitive, I could probably tell my America West Dure again.
About how we got bumped off and see what really pissed me off more than anything else is that they lied to people from America worst airlines.
Oh, your reservation has been canceled.
What?
No, they haven't.
Oh, yes, they have.
So all of us who were in first class on that flight to Vegas from here were told that our reservations were canceled, but they were kind enough to bump us back into coach.
Oh, it's okay.
Your high first class coming back.
And as we're sitting in a waiting area there in America worst in Miami International, we see this entourage.
And I said to John, I said, those people look awfully familiar.
And I scratched my head for about two seconds. I said, that's the goddamn BGs.
And as we get on the plane, I see that the BGs, their whole entourage are there in first class and we're sitting back like, and keep it in mind.
First class on America worst is no great shakes.
How are they doing?
Perfect.
Isn't this a shame about national airlines?
I wonder if they're still flying national airlines to Vegas.
Great job. Good planes. Good food. Great service on time.
They did everything right. It looks like, and then they went chapters 11, 12, 13, and 14.
By 1975, the Hadea was all butt over with T-Rex's demise fueled by internal feuds and bickering.
The band has been dogged by premature deaths. Bull in the most famous member of the band died when the car in which he was a passenger hit between 1979.
Former member took died in the car crash a year later, and bass player Steve Curry choked to death in 1981, he gagged on it.
In later years, Mr. Fimmy Vydeband has Mickey Fins T-Rex which last performed in Germany on December 20th, but won't be performing again anytime soon.
So how do you like that? Let's play all of T-Rex's great hits. What do you say?
No.
I won't take long.
351 votes on the poll. What's your take on the BG's now that Morris, Maurice, whatever you call him, give died.
Great. One of the best groups ever. 131, 37.3%.
Absolutely correct.
Okay. Like some of their music, 89. The BG suck 58 people, 16.5% of this audience insensitive, rotten to the quarry can smell it.
58 people said the BG suck. 51 said they were good, and who are the BG's 22?
22 people have been listening probably a lot too much to power 96, and the awful Disney station. What's that Disney piece?
What's that thing? Party. How could I forget? And you know who they really ought to hire on there?
Party.
Yeah. And he says it like nobody else. And doesn't like nobody else what I'm hearing. Whatever happened to him on the Cox Meister.
Good question. He was doing some fill in work here last time I came in.
And then the rumor is that somebody told him Cosswell Hoyst. Speaking of smelling it, you better hit the shower before you board the bus in Bend, Oregon.
Before you bend it, propose to the city rules would ban spitting, smoking, skateboarding, and stinking on city buses.
Oh, do we need it on the trams that I'm sure that I'm, huh? Do we need it or what?
The regulations bend anyone who emanates a grossly repulsive odor that is unavoidable by other bend extended customers from being in a bus station or amount of bus.
It's an effort to keep the riding experience as pleasant as safe as possible since city attorney Jim Forbes. What is it? He no city?
Did you read this before you gave this to me Carlos? He no city already has Norton's privating the people from releasing highly objectionable orders from their property.
It probably it's chopped off here at the end because the other sentence to making probably he noted that the city already had something like that Carlos.
The city council consider preliminary approval of the ordinance this Wednesday. How do you like that?
So in other words, I guess if you fart on the bus, they stopped the driver's slimes on the brakes in case you ask off before anybody else can like inhale those gross.
Unless it's a real good one, unless it's like, you know, a flavorful bouquet like Greg Reads.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog at one regular schedule day. Oh, and how about those Panthers and that 12 to 2 loss at the Washington down.
CERDINIGHT. And their belly a can Allen codes. You ran up the score. Quick belly a can Allen. Okay.
Quit your belly. It can spend that $10 million from Pavlov on a couple of real players on here and quit belly. It can about somebody ran up the score.
Shmuck.
Do you manage it? The one Hank Goldberg from Shulah's a three this afternoon hangs back in town after plunging his guts into Bahamas.
Seven o'clock we got the shit co-panther preview. 730 to Panthers at New Jersey to try to recover from that grotesque game Saturday against the Devils the night.
Eddie K. after the hockey game from GA and Andrew and Mark overnight. I had a respire report on Andrew and Mark which I'll mention a little later.
Not good. Well, no, something about Mark Eisenberg.
Making some intemperate comment but we'll get to it. Gotta build up the suspense George. The suspense.
All these people dying all this crap going on. Jew Lieberman throwing his hat and the throwing his Yamaha in the ring.
Whoa.
If you're looking for the perfect gift to say happy birthday, get well soon or be my Valentine. This year say with her Montetti bear.
Just call 1-800-829-Bair and a friendly bear council will help you choose from over 100 crafted bears.
Personalize just for your loved one and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free gift card and chocolate.
You can choose from bears like a pregnancy bear or the new baby bear with a baby's name and birthday embroidered on the bib.
For Valentine's Day tell somebody they light your fire with the new Birmingham love bear dressed like a farm in with a love tattoo on his arm.
I wonder Elvis is singing or say I'm wild about you with the new Jungle Love Bear.
For Montetti bear even has an officially licensed love meat tender velvet spear. See what I'm saying?
You won't believe the reaction you're going to get overnight and seven day delivery is guaranteed.
Call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTettiBear.com. It's as easy as sending flowers and lasts a hell of a lot longer as forever.
Call 1-800-829-Bair. Be sure and tell them that old Neil Torney to call 1-800-829-Bair.
They are my life and local. This is Fort Royal Phi City. You ain't way, you ain't.
Awesome.
Yeah, I'm only got more colors on that team. So go ahead and put the 500 on the pet.
Mo, Mo, what's that going? Just to put with your cookies.
Oh, oh, oh. Welcome back to the mallop for you if you just moh have an image of it.
Yeah, now listen you. I got my great great grand daughter listening today.
So let's keep things above boarded. See? Not like that goddamn fact.
I'm going to turn in tension.
Wait, look at that.
Call your mom.
Oh, shut up. Boy, like, Dick is very important call.
Hello.
My mom is supposed to say WQ I ever something like that.
Yeah, yeah, forget about it. What do you want?
Is it true you bet against Miami?
I don't know what you're talking about.
You bet against Miami?
Yeah, I didn't bet against Miami.
Bet against Miami.
Who got some noise, foul?
Question it in my intake or end of getting?
Bet against Miami.
How dare you? I didn't bet against nobody.
Bet against Miami.
Bet against Miami.
Bet against Miami.
Oh, look, I got to hear you. What an asshole.
Hey, Dick, I an asshole.
Who?
That guy there. Why don't you say he's an asshole?
I can't say words like that.
Why not?
That's not nice.
What are you?
I'm kind of pussy.
No, I just...
Did you say you're good tap dancing again?
I'm not dancing.
Yeah, I got a dance for you.
You ever heard of you, Bengy Stump?
No.
Well, I'd like to dive on the floor and I'll show you.
Okay.
Take comfortable.
Yeah.
You see the bottom of my shoe?
Yeah, but...
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the you Bengy Stump.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
1047 and 560 WQM.
I never want to step on it last.
You know, that last hit in the head.
Jim and Atlantisers, once again, I have to agree with you.
The United Sun Broadway is one of the greatest BG songs.
But how about Fanny be tenure with my love?
Never heard of it.
Neither.
Well, 1975 reached number 12, 16 weeks on the chart.
Fanny be tenure with my Fanny.
Never heard of it.
Don't have it.
You know what else I don't have, which really crossed my ass?
It was number one in 76.
You should be dancing.
Oh, great.
We should have that.
What happened with a fax machine?
Oh, no.
Paper jam.
Yeah, we should have that.
But we don't.
Can't have them all.
Why not?
Well, I could have them all if somebody wouldn't have taken my double CD set out of here and stolen it.
If we had some people around this building who respected the integrity of these studios here, these high-paid neo-riders studios, but they don't.
The integrity.
The integrity.
How many studio yours?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
But you know something?
We don't care anymore because we realize it's a schlock shop here.
We just had a meeting here this morning amongst the three of us.
We decided it's a schlock shop.
And so just give us the money.
Carlos is really excited about that big check he got there on Friday.
Probably all gone by now.
And then some.
George, of course, on the other hand, he's still waiting for the bonus from what?
19, what is 63?
That's okay. They did or an in that contract.
I understand is like coming along.
That's the poll.
Billboards are contract first.
Oh, on other words, we have to choose between the billboards and your contract.
We need the billboards, Greg.
That's my take.
Here's a lady and Davie. Hello.
Good morning.
Winner's to you.
Thank you.
I would like to thank you for playing Beatles.
Goodness gracious.
Well, that could be arranged.
Yeah, that could be.
Some of them are dead too.
I heard on the TV last night that a FH guy gave me a talk to you this morning.
FH O-Sports.
Yeah, that's about it.
Was going to do a half hour tribute at sport 30 today.
That's awful.
Who's going to do it?
An FM station.
They announced it on the news.
Yeah, but light 101.5 is playing BG's all day.
That's a good news.
Even spider grape be delmi.
Well, they figure he's pretty depressing anyway.
Well, anyhow, what are you going to do?
Would you go to the BG's at the Sunrise Musical Theater?
Really?
A few years ago.
And they were wonderful.
Yeah.
Absolutely wonderful.
It is a very, very sad thing for their family.
And, you know, I know they're questioning the treatment that he's used.
But, gosh, maybe they were trying to save his life.
Yeah, don't go to my, have you ever been in Mount Sinai?
Yes, I have.
You really have?
Yes, I have.
And you live the telebotter?
Yes, I have.
Well, that's good.
Well, it was the...
Because I know Fat Rich has been in there too.
He lived the telebotter.
That's what I'm saying.
Well, the rooms are nothing to speak of, believe me.
But I had a very, very nice sergeant.
So I guess I was one of the lucky ones.
But they did so much for South Florida.
And they wrote and played such beautiful music.
And it's...
I hope they continue as a team, you know, Maurice and Robin.
And, you know, not Maurice, but...
Which is very...
Robin and Barry and Andy.
By Andy's not feeling good.
Well, no, but, you know...
Barry's son is with Barry.
Really?
No, maybe he could do the keyboard.
Could be.
You know, and that would be really, really great.
But, you know, it was just so shocking.
I mean, after...
I know it's no comparison.
But after Mike Rinary passing last week and then him passing...
Well, what do you mean it's no comparison?
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, you know, two people that I really like.
Right.
And I know one is a big star and one is a local big star.
And it's not interesting.
Now that you might...
You mentioned that because Mike Rinary, who was on the ear here for nearly 30 years...
I know.
...and had a very, very high ratings most of that time.
He got like a little...
a little of Bloorbony Obituary page in both local papers.
And I was it.
Which I thought was extraordinarily grotesque and crass on their part.
Absolutely.
And, but I do have to interject this.
I heard you speaking the Rick the other day.
And we're really nice to hear his voice.
They kind of both fell off the face of the earth there for a while.
Didn't know what happened to either one of them.
But getting back to Mike, I was trying to send a sympathy card to the family.
It's naturally his phone's not in the book.
But I couldn't even get an address to the station.
I mean, I finally, after I tried all over the computer and couldn't get anything.
And I finally got through to the radio station,
and I was warning to get their mail and address.
And they're just going to have to forward it.
Yeah.
But it's...
I don't know.
You know, they say things run in threes.
I really hate to think of who the next one might be.
Uh-oh.
But, you know, anyhow, stay well.
You too.
Stay out of my side.
I will...
I believe me.
I don't want to go there anymore.
Okay.
Thanks.
56670560, 0.560, audio AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
This on this show here, we like to be.
She's a lot.
Okay.
That's our take.
We like them a lot.
I'm not going to put them up there with the...
In fact, we'll do one of those.
Maybe starting tomorrow.
Kill a couple of months with that.
What are you laughing about, Mr. Nutton?
Well, I mean, I could do Lord of the Rings top people's choice
and you could start with your Lord of the Rings crap again.
But I think you already covered that with a blanket.
Sure.
From what I heard.
I heard that.
That's all you talk...
And not only that, he talked about Ring around the...
Rectum.
...is what he was talking about, eating ass.
And that's top rings.
Now, what do they call that when you have a Ring around your rectum?
Any clips?
No, seriously.
Isn't there a name for that?
Isn't that like a precursor to worms or something?
When you have that?
Well, anyway.
It's getting too close to lunch to be talking that stuff.
I'm serious.
Don't be a start without eating ass talking again with Lord of the Rings.
I think that's a precursor to infected hemorrhoids.
That's what my mother said.
The Lord of the Rings, the fellowship of the Ring proved they crowd-pleaser
with the 29th annual People's Choice Awards, which I'm proud to say I didn't see one second of last night.
Sharing the favorite motion picture award with Conan Omaneves Spider-Man
and winning in the best dramatic motion picture category.
In fact, here are the winners.
In case you missed them.
Did you see the winners?
No.
Well, here they are.
Where are they?
It's on here.
Oh, here they are.
It's second page.
Open it up to the second page.
You moron.
Dramatic motion picture, Lord of the Rings.
I just said that.
Comedy motion picture.
My big fat Greek wedding.
Motion picture actor.
Oh, like I said, it's too close to lunch.
Now, anyway, I have to put up a dualieverment on there.
And now I've got to put up with motion picture actor Mel Gibson.
Motion picture actress.
Dualie Roberts.
Keep in mind these are the People's Choice Awards.
You know what that means?
Nothing.
Television dramatic series.
CSI crime scene investigation.
Television comedy series.
Friends.
Female television performer Jennifer Aniston.
Male TV performer Ray Romano.
Reality based TV program.
Survivor Thailand.
Date time dramatic series.
The gaze of the days of our lives.
New TV comedy series.
Eight simple rules for dating my teenage daughter.
You never even heard of that?
Well, you probably would like to.
Better check it out.
New TV dramatic series.
CSI Miami.
Female musical performer.
Oh.
Female musical performer Faith Hill.
Male musical performer.
If you like that one, M&M.
Who melts in your hands.
And favorite group or band.
A tie between Creed and the Dixie Chicks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like I said, it's the People's Choice Awards.
And it means crap.
Is what it means.
In fact, after reading those,
it's enough to make me want to take a quick one.
5667.0560.0560.
Maybe even a long, healthy one.
You know, after M&M and Faith Hill.
How about Shakira?
How about the Avril Lavigne?
How about all these other people that came on the scene
big time and last year?
Well, Avril was nominated for all five.
She had five nominations.
What's she got?
Old and globes.
Old and globes.
Not for the Avril Lavigne.
Oh, this is People's Choice.
Like I said, People's Choice is,
who do they talk to?
Probably the relatives of the people that won the awards.
Who the hell gives a crap?
There's too many awards shows.
Okay.
Too much self-aggrandizement with these people.
Most of whom have a good enough talent to fill a teacup.
But have a lot of money.
Here's Marguid.
Marguid.
Going once.
Going twice.
Gone and Marguid probably expired.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hey, Neil, I got you.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I think it's funny that all of a sudden all these hurricane jerseys
and dolphin jerseys have just disappeared from the landscape.
What does that have to do with the Bee Gees?
We don't care about the hurricanes in the offens right now.
How they're offens doing in a playoffs.
Anybody see this weekend?
No.
They're not theirs.
At least they're not going to lose.
I'll tell you right now as long as Jay Feedler is the quarterback
of that team, they will never ever go anywhere.
Just mark my words.
Not that Jay's a bad guy.
He never stole a freight train.
He's not a championship-calor quarterback.
You follow what I'm saying?
He's not a championship-calor quarterback.
He ain't no Tom Brady.
He ain't no Brett-a-brett-a-brett-far-bart star.
Why are they in between the two of them are the same guy?
Just one's older.
He ain't no of these people.
He ain't no of these people.
He ain't no Danny Boyd.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
Is Dion Sanders a pimp on his spare time?
Well, if anybody-
If anybody I've ever seen dresses like a pimp on television,
it's freaking Dion-D on Sanders.
Where's the yellow Cadillac?
Maybe he's got the civilian parked outside.
It's still running.
Man, he just makes my blood-curdle Dion-D on.
That dog and pony show they got under and all slap at each other.
And he asks and Danny and Jimmy and Dion.
They're all, you know, and I'll tell you another guy who makes me want to puke
is goddamn Phil Sims.
He's the Tim Macarver of football.
He must get paid by the word.
He's got to analyze inside and outside after every guy at the end play.
Never shuts up-
Not a moment.
Not a moment.
Not to mention that boring damn what's his name?
His sidekick there who is CBS's number one announcer.
And yesterday's telecast, the angles we had-
The director must have been on acid.
Did you notice that?
We saw a guy in the silent.
We saw a guy in the stands.
And we saw the guy's ass on the silent and back and forth.
And I'm screaming, just show us the game.
Oh yeah, Greg Gumball, that's what I'm thinking of.
He's definitely got naked pictures of Bryant Gumball and somebody.
Here he Smith.
1057 at 560 W.
In fact, maybe it's a what's your name there from a CNN?
Paula.
Maybe the three of them.
Hey, softlaw to be outgrown your home.
Is your family getting bigger?
Need more room for an at home office or nursery?
So we're in room no master bedroom or bath.
When you need more space for your place, call our guys.
It's strictly additions.
Strictly additions is your one stop, shop more space for your place place.
When they worry for your approach to expanding your living space.
They show up exactly when they say they will.
You won't have any hidden charges.
They're the experts at pulling permits so the work gets completed on time.
And now for the new year you can use your income tax return to get the work done.
All of you shopping for new homes, why bother?
By the time you sell, buy, close, move.
You might just as well put some equity out of your current home and call strictly additions.
You'll pay for a new addition to a home you already love.
Call strictly additions today, call 954-791-8100.
That's 954-791-8100.
They're licensed and insured professionals.
7, what is it again?
954-791-8100 for a free estimate.
Call Craig or Patrick at 954-791-8100.
Strictly additions will save you time.
Lots of money you won't have to move to improve.
Get a whole new house with the same address.
Call 954-791-8100 for strictly additions today.
My, my, and local.
This is 4305-16.
You ain't, you ain't.
The God!
In theaters now, star wars episode one, the Phantom Stooges.
Curly Skywalker.
Larry One, Kenobihan, Motu D2.
Oh, my God.
Hello, my God.
Star Wars, the Phantom Stooges.
I'm a bit through the side of the fence.
Lebanon two are shown today at Tribute to T-Rex.
I mean, here's a fact from Bob that goes on at quite length.
It says, Neil's a teenager with a seven days growing my hair long
and smoking lots of dope.
I would focus a lot of my time listening groups like Fog,
Hat Leonard, Skinner, and Boston.
Oh, Boston.
I would've wished death to the Bee Gees in retrospect as a younger boy.
I can remember singing to the AM radio to how do you mend a broken heart
and run to me.
Run to me.
Now I know the song George was singing it to us.
As I, I wish I had that, you know.
I play like ten seconds of it.
As I grew older and the sun degree started to change my ideas of music.
I also noticed the graduates had listened more and more to the brothers'
give.
I had the opportunity in the 80s to see the gifts perform a one hour warm-up show
at the sunrise.
They opened with tragedy and blew the place away.
All three singing into one mic, doing old classics.
And when breaking into the disco set the time of my life when I thought of it
is pretty much a waste of my time.
While the crowd as well as myself and my twin brothers stood and danced and smiled
and hugged, more as the musical leader without a doubt was the main reason for the success.
The most musically talented and by far the most animated.
I hate to see all of these guys taking their turns passing away, but this one,
Moe, was way too soon.
I guess if it's Morris we can call him Moe, right?
I can remember when Gloria had assembled concert for the Hurricane Andrew Relief.
It was the Bee Gees where the surprise of the show.
They had an exciting and stimulating show that no other act in the bill was even close.
Kids that I need to understand that today's music pretty much sucks as far as I'm concerned.
Neil you actually got me to start listening back in 1993.
As you played for whom the bell tools quite frequently I fell in love with it.
Thanks so much for your desire to continue to play music worth listening to.
Please Neil, play for whom the bell tools for us in memory of Moe.
Love and kisses Bob.
Where the hell am I going to find for whom the bell tools?
I'm still the only one I've ever really knew what it would have been like.
You know I'm gonna let it break, I never know.
The heart ain't going to give you.
I'm giving everything what I couldn't do.
I never saw the sight.
You're the least to know when love is blood.
The whole of the tears and the tears, when I would know when you're gone.
You know I'm gonna stop taking a look at myself.
See me losing you.
When I know we all cry, it's the one that bothers me.
It's a pain that makes love.
You know I'm missing you, Bob.
And the fire that we're on, all of our songs.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
Bob.
Bob.
I've seen you in a magazine.
I've been carried away by you, you're near me.
You know me on the subway, I'm still in love with you.
But you can't make you a little boy, I've come to feel inside.
This precious love was never mine.
You know I know I'm a little too late, but I could not live without you.
In the dark of the broken, of the sound of the wind.
When I know we all cry, it's the one that bothers me.
It's a pain that makes love.
And I've been seen you, Bob.
And the fire that we're on, all of our songs.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
You know I'm missing you, Bob.
And the fire that we're on, all of our songs.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
And the fire that we're on, all of our songs.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
And the fire that we're on, all of our songs.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
If you see the fire from the fire that we're on,
There's a hole in my soul, Bob.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
For you is the fire from the yesterday of the bells.
And that's your great memories of the days we used to play that on the show all the time.
Over that George.
No, neither do I.
But there you go, Bob.
For whom the bell tools.
Nine minutes after eleven.
I don't remember ever hearing that song in my life as a matter of fact.
Pretty good though.
I liked it.
It was okay.
Pretty five minutes.
I like it.
I killed five good minutes.
Thanks a lot, Bob.
We're no fools on this show.
Snow and Miami.
Yes, Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto are buried.
Oh, that was a bad choice of words today.
You know what?
I'm a sure like this.
Gerrit and Snow, that is.
The fact we sent Hal at so many cars.
There's no place to park them.
Even though Tom Lehman even Tom had to park cars in his driveway.
So they need to place one of those cars in your driveway.
Got it?
Good.
How much is blowing out all new vehicles?
Regardless of profit, including the Pontiac vibe.
Starting at just 13,998.
And up to five grand off on every GMC on the coin stock.
Plus get a 0% financing dealer up to $3,000 rebate if he prefer.
And of course, Hal had also, as always, has got a great selection of dependable, pre-owned
cars, trucks and SUVs on the lot.
Too bad, Arianna.
Okay, we got SUVs.
Whether she likes it or not, you know what?
Bitch.
And if you've been turned off or quitted any other car dealer in the world or maybe all the
other car dealers, turn their nose up at you because you weren't good enough for them.
You're good enough for Tom at the Hallett because they'll cut you a deal.
It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance sale.
We're going on right now at Hal at Pontiac GMC.
134.01 South Dixie Highway.
That's on US 1 across from the falls open every day of your life.
Seven days a week.
It's always safe even more when you tell them that you're right about them here on the world-famous
Neal Rogers Show.
Call right now the Neal Rogers Neal Deal hotline in 1.883.442.11.
Tom broke the record with this spot.
He's got the word Neal in there 622 times.
That's 1.883.442.11 for Hallett Pontiac GMC who be professional grace.
5 and a local.
This is 560.
Raise all your hands.
Q&A.
Hell, it damn their kilnomer.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in ainess.
Do not think I'm crazy.
For what I'm about to say.
But the macho jobs in the NFL.
Most of them are gay.
For such half-month grotesque.
This low-welded steve young.
And try not to think it care about us.
For good, pregnant, born.
Oh and by the way, can I interrupt that just to mention.
Did you see the interviews with the quarterback of the 49ers Jeff Garcia yesterday?
No.
I had to get a butterfly net to catch the runaway essence.
Anyway, I have some problems.
What do you say?
That explains to me why all.
Gay.
Yes, lose me, they're living.
And I live on the ball.
And I live on the ball.
It's one of those jobs who bent and broke.
They're all bad reasons.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in anise.
Troysake and anise.
Troysake in anise.
Troysake in ainess.
Troysake in anxious.
Troysake in anxious.
Oh, whoa.
Remember the snow and gas.
Yes sir!
Wonderful! WQAM!
Alright!
You're right in the morning sun. I feel you touch me in the morning rain. And the moment that you wonder about me.
I want to think you and my arms again. And you come to me on a summer breeze. Keep it warm in your love. Then you saw me.
And it's me you need to share. How deep is your love?
We're looking at ten inches.
You're the light in the deepest darkest out. You're the savior when I fall.
And you may not make a path, care for you when you know down inside that I'm in there.
And it's me you need to share. How deep is your love?
We're looking at you. And it means a lot. Cause we're living in a world of noose.
Breaking us down when they all should let us be.
We're looking at you and take it.
You come to me on a summer breeze. Keep it warm in your love. Then you saw me.
And it's me you need to share. How deep is your love?
We're looking at you. And it means a lot. Cause we're living in a world of noose.
Breaking us down when they all should let us be.
We're looking at you and take it.
We're looking at you. And it means a lot.
And it means a lot. Cause we're living in a world of noose.
Breaking us down when they all should let us be.
We're looking at you and take it.
We're looking at you and take it.
1118 and 560 and 450 Votes on the Pool of Stoddishin.
What's your take on the BG's? Great one of the best groups.
159.
Okay, I like some of their music. 124.
What was that? Oh, that's on the end of that.
The BG suck 79. Good 69.
And who are the BG's 22? The BG suck 79?
I guess look at Bratsy's going to have a busy day between now tomorrow, you know what?
Here's the fact that such a shame about Morris Gibb listening to their music always.
Rekindle such great memories of my youth.
Don't know if you've caught this blurb about Miriam Elephant yesterday's paper.
No, I did not see this particular one.
So you get my vote on a pool if we'd most like to see just go away already.
Just a very short blurb here. It says lacking confidence.
Ever wonder why the city hall folks have no trust in Supervisor elections? Miriam Olafant?
Part of it could be a letter she sent to them December 20th at stated,
may you and your families have a safe and happy holiday? Note the question mark at the end.
The letter was signed Miriam Elephant.
Not only that, but letter misspelled city officials names.
For instance, it was addressed to Mayor Richard Kaplan of Lauderdale. The mayor is Richard Kaplan.
No comment from his elephant, Olafant, it says.
How do you like that? Now there's still in my material. I just have to hear it all to the sun.
I can't tell. Jim DeFeedy in his column the other day was using all kinds of lines from network.
You see that column?
About on the end is Helen not going to take anymore. All of a sudden, good crime.
Oh, nice good. Jim, you're okay. My book. Good columnist.
Anyone who knows why is a good columnist? Why?
Because he listens to the show.
Here's today's facts of the day from Greg and outstanding facts.
Yeah, I'm so proud of myself for reforming this wayward child in your like almost a real human being.
Keep working on it, Greg.
It says, dear Neil.
Your take on music for the most part is right on the money when it comes to the good music produced in South Florida many moons ago.
I agree that music by the Bee Gees along with other acts from the 70s and 80s had a much better vibe about them.
They made you feel good. They made you want to dance sometimes, but they just got the blood flowing through your veins.
The current music is so dreary and makes you want to listen to Let's Rape Mo on an endless loop for the rest of time.
Well, let me ask you this, Greg. What would be wrong with listening to Let's Rape Mo for an endless loop for the rest of time when you come right down to it?
In fact, that's one of the lines in Jim and the feedies column.
I want to be an angry prophet announcing the other and so on.
And William Holden says, you want to be an angry prophet announcing the apocrysthevar times and Peter French says, yes, I think I'd like to be an angry prophet announcing the apocrysthevar times.
And William Holden says, then grab it. Grab it. Let me show this to his arm. Then grab it.
You didn't get a quite right, Jim, but it was pretty close.
Well, it's such a great movie and so many of you people just, I don't know what's wrong with people.
I mean, that movie is everything that happened like years later. That movie is all about Channel 7.
Anyways, is your opinion is okay, but you're like 85. What is it? Your opinion is okay, but you're like 85 years old.
I mean, when you were a kid, people were still excited because they just realized they could make fire while rubbing two sticks together.
I'm seeing how he's trying to get nasty. I'm 33 years old. I can give you a younger point of view on this.
And any other subject seriously though, seriously though, when I was a kid, I hated the Bee Gees and disco in general.
But as an adult, I love it. And the music too says, Greg, say, when you get to be an old fart like some of us, when you get to be across the old fart, then you appreciate the good stuff when you're getting ready to stick your ass in a box.
Then you appreciate the good stuff like breathing the fresh air, even a stale air ain't too bad.
560, no 560, pound 560, unless it's an apartment in Amsterdam. Oh man.
Here's a call from Poor Lutterdale. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to touch a little bit on this. Just to let you know to give you a little bit about myself. I'm 31 years old.
And I'd grown up always listening to dance music. I was raised in New York and my cousin that's 10 years older than me was a disco freak.
Not really a freak, but this is very much in the disco.
And the problem today with the generation of people or just people that are listening to music, let's speak about rap music.
A lot of them don't even realize that the break beats or whatever the beats are coming from, were derived from derivative, excuse me, from dance music and from disco music.
It's amazing. They just a lot of people don't get it that it all comes from dance music and it's that old.
Is that Van No Koei and Oslo I'm hearing in the background?
Yes. Do the hustle. I'm sorry. Go ahead sir.
Do the hustle man. I don't know. You're right. Just I wish people would get a better sense of what's going on.
And to your counterpart down on power 96, I remember so many times when I used to see Carrie out and all of them in the late 80s.
They will never play rap. They play more rap than 99 jam.
They're rapin' it man. In fact, the floors here are vibrating from it.
Well, I just want to touch it to you man and it's a bad thing that would happen with, you know, with the get with Mr. B.D.
The get master right. We'll go on man.
Life goes on. Okay, you too. Life will go on. Life is for the living.
Yeah. And all these things that they have on the news lately about, well, you know, a little bit of alcohol is good for your heart.
You know what? I say it's a bunch of propaganda. They're trying to get people to drink is what they're trying to do.
You're not fooling us because I noticed that a lot of these people who died in the early age are people who were like,
had substance abuse problems most of their adult life.
Substance. Substance. Yeah. Only the problems who was the wrong substance. That's the problem.
Got a hundred open lines on the phone there now. All of a sudden, I guess we've exhausted your input about the life in general.
Which is not a million waiting for you to play some more music. So one of our regular facts and facts is me exactly the same
Artifier ready before only a little bit more of it, which I'm glad he did because it says very promise that the BG's
Would carry on even after Morris's death and would record another album. The BG's will not stop here.
The BG's will not disintegrate because we lost Mo. He said.
In other words, they're going to record some more. Morris, who always wore a hat and alcoholics and honest lapel bags was the most outgoing member of the BG's.
Morris, like being silly, very added. I think his whole grasp of life was silly. I think we're all we all are, but Morris really excelled.
He was an extrovert. He would never walk into a room. He would prance into a room and his presence was immediate. He would be prancing and dancing.
How do you like that? What's the song that gentries keep on dancing and prancing?
I'll be damned. 28 past 11 at 560 WQM on a very depressing Monday. Wow. You know what's depressing?
Why were here? Exactly. Good guess.
Well, it's a new year. I know what a lot of you are thinking out there. How did I gain all this weight over the holidays and all that other time?
Well, don't despair because with the Atkins low carb diet those pounds can be gone before you can save the lights of West Boka.
The lights of West Boka, a megastore for the Atkins diet or any low carb sugar free diet, is the place to shop.
There's good reason to join the thousands of people who travel to the lights. They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products in stock.
Like their new low carb crunchy granola by Flaxo meal and two scrumptious flavors only one or two carbs per serving.
So whether it's carbolodized cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, the lights of West Boka is the place to buy and you can sample anything in the story and try it before you be buying it.
They've got an knowledgeable staff where we know they're crap inside and out. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the universe that are always 25% off all day every day.
By now you've heard about the Atkins diet is number one in the world. So do the smart thing and head for the number one low carb sugar free store around the lights of West Boka on the Northeast corner of Glades Road in 441 right next to prestigious Boston market or call one.
I didn't know they were still in business or call one eight seven seven low carb or on the web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one delights of West Boka.
It is your official Atkins retail center.
We're supporting you five six.
You a. M.
Give them in.
S.
Let's all give that the role call the master what she knows about the mother at all.
On the rock.
A bell on a month ago.
Laura's mother should know.
Laura's mother should know.
Struck on the head.
Open the door and look on the floor.
It's not the Lord of Mars.
But she ain't any more.
Been rotting so long.
It's best to hold your mouth.
For a mother should know.
Laura's mother should know.
No doctor.
You're so wonderful.
I'm showing you mothers in arms and arms.
I'm fast.
Doctor Lauren is going to thank you for your guys on child abuse.
My mother's rest is comfortably in conflict now.
St.
The lonely escape.
It's our first right wing radio.
Oh, that's doctor Lauren.
I just think he's a dog.
Fucking bitch psycho.
We've never been on on the radio.
Laura's mother should know.
Laura's mother should know.
Laura's mother should know.
She's badly dead, you know.
And at 26 till noon at 5.60 WQ on the mad dog of one hang from Shulta's at 3.
We got that panther stuff tonight after they're 12 to do show lacking in Washington on Saturday.
And that one of the most embarrassing performances in the history of a softball to sports team.
Survey more than 1200 priests tied to abuse yesterday's New York Times.
More than 1200.
And those are just the ones that they know about.
We'll get back to that.
I just mentioned that in passing since it's just an isolated a few hundred or a few thousand here and there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, and a reference to the microtary getting maybe two paragraphs about his death.
Yeah, we go or so.
Yeah, if you can a parallel to front page.
I got it right here.
Okay, what's the top story on the left hand side?
Well, I don't have it in my hand.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let me get it.
Well, I probably have a different edition because I'm in Broward.
Do you have the same Broward edition?
Yeah, I'm in Miami.
I don't know if I have the Broward edition.
Well, I hear the oil cartel acts to prevent the supply squeezes at the top story.
Under that from a higher lead, a Harvard about the...
Well, that's the big story of Miami.
Oh, as a matter of fact, it's not only the big story, but you got about 20 pictures here about four kids from a higher
lead who went to Harvard.
Right.
That has nothing in it with you.
Right.
This is the big picture we got as they continue their pandering.
I mean, if this town isn't planted to one direction.
Right.
So, unfortunately, I think when you die and George dies, George will get more print than you.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Let's only hope it's first.
Okay, I have a right to...
I mean...
What do I have to do with that?
They hate me based on that.
What?
Because I don't talk their talk.
Talk who's talk?
You know, they're talk.
I see what he was saying because you were a spick.
I see it.
I didn't understand.
I've been excuse.
My carl is just a spick.
He's not in the room right now.
Is he?
He's going out.
Yeah.
Let's see what happens.
Let's get...
Now, just a joke, Carlos.
Just relax.
Yeah, I saw this story.
There's Javier Castellano.
I've seen him look too bad.
He's from highly a high.
And a bunch of kids went up to Harvard.
That's a story that belongs like inside
and about the third page of the local section.
Just like the story I talked about last week that they had on the front page
about the stud at one of those spick radio stations that nobody who speaks English
listens to, radio soul or whatever it is.
El soul.
And here's the same thing again.
It's like they're shoving your...
Pussing it.
They're just rubbing your nose in it.
I mean, it's a cute story.
And more power to those kids.
But is it a front page story and a major market newspaper?
Of course not.
Absolutely not.
With all the stuff that's going on in the world.
And that's their idea of freaking news that's NOOZ.
I think somebody over there needs a news around the neck.
That's NOOSE.
God, they suck.
But you know something that fits in here just like a rubber glove.
By the way, Carlos, we're sorry about your premature death.
We're just talking about that.
Five...
Well, we got it.
We got to test it out.
We got to see if they're going to write a whole bunch of stuff about you because you're a spick.
You'd probably be on the front page.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Let's concentrate on MOE today, okay?
That's what Barry called me, said MOE, and if that is brother calls a MOE.
I guess we can call a MOE too, you know what I'm saying?
A lot of MOE is running around these days, you know what?
And let me ask you this.
What...
What does that stand for?
What is MOE foe?
You're money?
Uh-huh.
Hello, George.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami, when is this?
Gone.
Miami's gone.
In case you didn't know where you know that, I guess most of you knew that.
Gone are the dogs.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T line.
Let's try market just for the hell of it.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, just out of curiosity, wouldn't you think, especially after the Bee Gees now are complaining
about the hospital care that they got?
Yeah.
When you have that kind of money, don't you have like your own doctors like ready on call
if God forbid something happens to take care of you?
Or you just depend on the regular people that I would have to depend on, and by going
to an emergency room?
Well, keep in mind that they flew America west to Vegas, okay?
Just keep that in mind.
Well, maybe the residuals weren't coming in as fast anymore, I don't know.
The fact of the matter is they took them to Mount Sinai because it's right down the street
for more they live.
Right?
Doesn't that make sense to you?
They always take you to the nearest hospital and it's a big police show.
And it's a very big, which tremendous notoriety and a lot of Jews go there, you know, so
it couldn't be all bad with a lot of Jewish doctors.
Right, a lot of Jewish doctors and a lot of us shfarts is working in there too.
A lot of people from, I don't know where they're from.
I was several years ago that I was in there and hopefully I won't be going back to Mount
Sinai, at least not the one in Miami Beach.
There's a big Mount Sinai in Toronto.
So I think that would be appropriate.
When I croak, if it's going to have to be in a hospital, Mount Sinai in Toronto, I would
pick preferably over to one in Miami Beach.
Oh, it's a piece of cake.
It's a piece of cake.
How's your pacemaker, Rich?
5, 6, 7, 8, he's doing pretty good.
5, 6, huh?
Good.
It is good.
He's a good guy.
He never say anything bad about you.
Well, except maybe this one time, 21 till, no, actually he was talking about he was listening
to Joe and Mark one night overnight.
Now, what was he doing up between 2 and 6 in the morning?
Come on, Rich.
You can tell us.
And Joe started reminiscing about, and I don't understand this because I've never seen
Joe at Pompodo Park.
You know, how many years have I been going there about 100, right?
And Joe Castello was talking about some of his favorite times years ago being here in
time.
We're going to Pompodo Park.
When and how was that?
Got me.
And Mark Eisenberg said, at least according to Rich, you know, Rich, blah, blah, blah, blah,
Mr. Yanta, Eisenberg's responsible.
Oh, we're not supposed to talk about Pompodo Park.
But what the hell does that mean?
It was a positive comment.
Why can't we talk about Pompodo Park?
Mark Eisenberg used Silies Bastard.
What's wrong with him?
Huh?
Besides the fact that you don't belong on the ear.
What's wrong with him?
I mean, Joe Castello, and of course, I'm only listening to Fat Rich, which is probably
not the best idea, but he would never ever exaggerate or take anything out of context.
But don't you find that a little bit peculiar?
I think we're going to have to investigate that.
Yeah, we better get the tape of that.
OK, and see exactly.
Let's get to the bottom of it and see exactly what the Mark Eisenberg was talking about.
Why such a nervous nilly?
See, when you're supposed to be on between two and six in the morning, that's the time
to be not nervous.
That's the time to be really radical, OK?
When everybody's asleep, including management.
Bust out with it.
Right.
All we do here are the tapes.
But nevertheless, crying out loud, no one of their numbers went into crap.
And then they try to blame old Moe for it.
You know?
They're saying that the backflow from his back is what backed them up into book.
Don't forget this Friday, the ratings come out.
You know something?
Do you ever have like, were the bones in your face ache?
Yes.
It's usually like when I'm listening to the sports shows.
But I have that feeling today, like the bones in my face are aching.
And I think that's like, I'm sympathizing with Moe from the events of this weekend.
1141-19 till noon at 560 WQF.
If you're a Neoronju's listener, you know I'm a world traveler to one of my favorite places
to visit in the world is Italy.
For the sights, the people are especially for the food.
When I even get the same great flavor, well, almost, the same fantastic fresh pasta and
sauces from our old friends at Flores.
You remember Flores used to bring us food up the edge?
We used to talk about Flores every day at I would be because the food is fantastic,
and our Flores is back and better than ever.
Flores the outdoor restaurant with an atmosphere that's as casual as it gets, whether you're
eating, intake, or taking out or calling for delivery, everything out of Flores kitchen
is made fresh to order from the homemade dough for the pizza and garlic rolls to the
pan of the sauces made fresh and never from a can.
Flores Pizzari of Mime creates the great taste of Italy to any dish.
Great pasta, specials, nightly, and the pizza specials are unbelievably low priced.
1199 for large cheese pizza with a half a dozen garlic rolls and a liter of soda.
1399 gives you large cheese, pie, liter of soda, and six chicken wings, but be sure and try
the homemade meat lasagna just oozing with melted cheese.
It's fun, the food is great, they've got stuff to do in games for the kids so they
enjoy the enough while you're eating.
You love the casual come as you are at the Spirit Flores, they open every day, seven days
a week.
One of the great testimonials for Flores is that while almost every other business in
that area is going out of business over the years, they're still there in the same great
place.
Lunch, dinner, parties, and catering call Flores at 305, 758, 53, 551.
What is it again?
758, 53, 51.
That's 305, 758, 53, 51.
Or, manja, oh, I like crazy, at 79 speeches, two blocks east of this game, Boulevard,
come see why the hero call for us one of the greatest high in restaurants in town.
Call Flores Pizzeria, Miami, be sure to come that old Neil Sensheva.
I'm on the air, I'm low, this sports radio by 60.
You way, yeah.
A lay pop little boy.
Coming up tonight, on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography
profile story, we take a good, hard stiff look and to start him.
They came from Jacksonville, determined to change the way people felt about Southern Rock.
Since nobody give a crap about Southern Rock in the first place, they easily accomplished
their goal.
They were 38 special.
Yes, all right, no special.
Sure, we was riding high back in 81, and it was sweet.
38 special lead singer, Donnie Benzand.
And even without success, we're still out there playing for the fans.
That's why we do it.
If I can meet some of them fans now, I'd like to tell them that they're the only thing
that's keeping us from packing it in.
You're in luck, Donnie.
We've got some of your fans right here.
We're in the back, we're in the back, we're in the back, we're in the back.
How you doing?
You're all mean.
I'm doing fine.
We know all the words to all your songs.
Well now, I'm touched.
Hold on, Lucy.
Don't let go.
I can put it down.
You're a rock man.
And you're out there, man.
Doing what you're doing for people like us.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
That is so f**king amazing, man.
Whoa, man.
What?
Oh, God.
Oh, it's over, man.
I'm sorry, everybody.
It's so hard.
Well, our work here is done.
It's a big juicy, sapping wet look at show business tonight, on Inside the Mind.
Number 47 at 560 W.A.
And Mad Dog at one hand, get three from Shula Stake, too.
We got the Panthers and the Devils from Jersey tonight.
Eddie K follows the game.
Eddie K from GA and Joel Mark overnight talking about Pomp and O Park and stuff they don't
know about.
Did Joe Castello ever ever mention to you ever going to Pomp and O Park?
Not that I can recall.
No.
I think maybe Faddrich had a dream about that.
Maybe he was listening to like a tape of the Art Bell show.
Here is Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yeah, sir.
You want to know the story behind the Mind as that's a song?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
The BGs were in New York City in 1965 in November.
Do you remember what happened then?
No.
It was a big blackout.
Yeah.
The whole state went off the grid in New York City.
Right.
They were in the Brill publishing building on Broadway, checking into their songs or something.
And they got stuck in a hallway about the 17th floor.
It was blacked out.
The elevator stopped running.
They didn't know what to do.
They sat there and they wrote this song.
They were thinking about being in a mine, trapped in a mine.
One of them had heard about a story in 19, whatever it was.
I think it's asked when they were digging a subway.
And they thought of that.
And that's what they wrote the song about.
I'll be damned.
They were in the middle of this blackout.
So they were stuck in an elevator?
No.
In a hallway.
I heard one of them tell a story in Bravo or something.
One of these interview shows where there's a three brothers recently.
Anyway, that's my story.
Okay.
Thanks for the news.
Bye.
See you.
So there you go.
There's this story behind the story.
We still don't know what tell it's all about, but there's this story of how they wrote it anyway.
400 open lines on the board, which is very distressing to me, but it shouldn't, shouldn't be at least bit surprising.
Fought because we're not talking about the ball games yesterday.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, that guy's full of crap.
The blackout was in 62.
The DG's hasn't been around that long.
It was only three years off.
Well.
I know.
Yeah.
And that's the end of that.
How come you weren't set your hurry for me to put him on?
Boy, it sounded like he had this breaking information.
He had a broken phone there at the end.
Let me break it to him.
Okay.
Who the hell gives a crap what the year was?
That guy was full of crap.
Well, the clip being so critical.
Okay.
Mo just died here for crying out loud.
And you're being critical of this guy who was trying to be an ice-old coot and give us a story behind the story.
We don't care about accuracy.
So for 62, 52, 92.
Who cares?
This is QAM.
We don't care about getting our facts straight.
Just listen to the morning show sometime.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And by the way, Dave Walker never played for the 79 Pirates Mall.
It was Dave Parker.
The Cobra is about Prince Houston calling.
Not Dave Walker.
We never had no Dave Walker.
We man, I had Luke Skywalker.
But we never had no Dave Walker on that team.
Okay, Mr.
I heard that the other day.
Dave Walker.
And Pop Stargell.
Oh, man.
I'd tell you one thing.
If I had $100,000 for every mistake that's made on this radio station with bad misinformation from our experts in sport perverts, I'd be retired right now.
I'd own a place.
And then, then you'd see some heads rule, man, if I own this joint.
When you like to own a joint?
Got one.
Just don't like it.
Here's a lady in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
This is Kathy.
Hi, Kathy.
I listen to you every day from home.
My husband got me hooked on you about four years ago.
Well, good for him.
One thing I want to say for that red neck nation out there about the Bee Gees.
They're Saturday Night Fever.
Their albums was the number one in history.
Right.
So more than any album.
That is correct.
And I want to say to you because I appreciate you paying this tribute to them today.
And for Christmas, my husband bought me the video.
And the other day, after sitting here reading newsweek about Kim Jong being the bigger threat than Son of his fame,
went upstairs, put that tape on.
And I started dancing.
I just deflect the guy that factored you about 30 minutes ago.
You just have to get away from what's going on.
That's right.
I think that's a good idea.
A good message for everybody that you just created.
When they start dropping the bombs, we're going to all put on disco and dance our brains out.
Yeah.
Because it tells you what North Korea has versus Iraq.
If you read January the 13th, and it said that what he could do to us is worse than what we saw in World War II.
I mean, it's like, you know, I called you months ago about the article in Sunset and about the trucks, oil trucks headed for Baghdad.
And it's all about oil and the wonderful patriotic bush family and press got pushed.
And it's like, some days my husband says, don't read, don't read.
Stop reading.
You know, these are our boys, our fathers, our brothers that are going to come back.
But again, I'm one of your biggest fans.
And thank you for your tribute.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
See you.
EL factes here and says, in, oozing is that a word?
And now, for example, I was in the, a brow in the, a florist spot, what's it, oozing with the lasagna, oozing with melted cheese?
I think oozing with melted cheese sounds really good, don't you?
If you like, she melted cheese, which I do.
But anyway, he says oozing is not what I associate with something appetizing.
Maybe the writer can do better.
Well, the writer is PD Lenny, who can't do better.
And you want to know why?
Because, because he's a crazy person.
He's oozing with something else.
Okay.
So believe me, what I tell you, the food of florist is great.
We know from about a hundred years of experience.
And that's why it's still there.
But PD Lenny is what he is.
Like Michael said to Vincent, you are what you are.
I keep using that line again, because that you're not going to change him.
Just like old Moe got there in the morning.
He ain't going to get no better.
He ain't going to get no different.
He is what he is.
You can smell it all the way down, up and down the hall.
Know what I'm saying?
It's like, like, if you went in the backyard and you find a pile of dog excrement there.
They've been sitting there for like, oh, I don't know, like 80 years, like most have been around.
And you picked it up and you brought it in and put it on your dining room table.
And you put it on a plate.
And no matter what you do, you can put on ketchup and pickles and surrounded with duchess potatoes.
It's still you are what you are.
It's always going to be a plate of 80 year old dog excrement.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Good.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, too much of this going on, you know what?
Is this thing ever started or went on it?
That's the list.
They're going to get to make it all the way across the cause way you know.
Yeah.
And by the way, the guy that called to tell the other guy they was full of crap,
you're full of crap.
Somebody just faxed me the great Northeast blackout of 1965.
More than punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
I'm not a punk.
You're still on.
What?
What?
And people.
W-A-L-I-M and L-B-Ms.
and I'm Michigan,
and that's what I was doing.
Mornings, and I was playing, uh...
crappy music.
Name him.
Read the news.
He went play by playing high school sports.
Also, Albie and college football, the basketball.
And man, I was great.
Someone who's played by play guys
that think they're great today.
I put them in a shame, okay?
You just wait till a crawl, and I start doing our thing.
1157 at 560 as long as he gets rid of that cashmere bouquet.
Hey kick off the new year with a great new mattress for your back from dial amatris.
Oh believe me there's nothing worse than not getting a good night's sleep.
If you haven't been sleeping well lately nothing will have a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than a good night's sleep every night of your life.
So follow through on this new year's resolution get a great night's sleep every night with a super name brand mattress and unbeatable prices from dial amatris.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S and dial amatris live you sleep in like a baby all year long.
Dial amatris, Curie, Ceeley, Certa, Simmons, King Coil, Larry, Sais and Style and when you call 1-800-Matris you'll be talking with somebody who renews their craft and expert bedding consult much as somebody wansers the phone.
They have exactly the mattress you want in stock, no phony sales, no bait and swish like department and bedding stores and when you order that new bed from dial amatris they'll have it on time, even the day the same day you call.
You get to choose date and time when it's convenient for you when you're going to be there.
Dial amatris prides itself on their 99% on time record which is just one of about 10,000 reasons why they're ranked number one for overall customer satisfaction.
So do what everybody here with a brain of QA must doing, Miguel's doing it, George is doing it, I'm doing it too.
We're sleeping on a mattress from dial amatris and so should you.
Enjoy the new year without someone special or all by yourself and your little friend with a new mattress from dial amatris called Toolfree 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
I got a little friend his name is tiny and boys he a pain in the ass 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S dial amatris the perfect way to start off the new year.
My line and local, your sports radio 560-CUA-U-A-S.
Hey, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQ-A-S.
The inspector told the security council this morning that the declaration fails to answer many open questions.
They even have information that directly contradicts Iraq's account.
We're not fools because we know what they got.
There's something funny going on in Iraq.
Now we really put a rock on the spot no matter what they think we're really not that down.
The Iraqi declaration may use the language of resolution 1441 but it totally fails to meet the resolution's requirements.
Most crazily of all, the Iraqi declaration denies the existence of any prohibited weapons programs at all.
The experts have found it to be anything but currently accurate, full or complete.
We're not fools because we know what they got.
There's something funny going on in Iraq.
Now we really put a rock on the spot no matter what they think we're really not that dumb.
We have seen this game again and again.
The attempts are so confusion by time.
Hoping the world will lose interest.
This time the game is not working.
We're not fools because we know what they got.
There's something funny going on in Iraq.
Now we really put a rock on the spot no matter what they think we're really not that dumb.
WWQ and Radio Wonderful.
That's right Monday is a holiday.
Next Monday, isn't it?
Martin Luther King, a Kunde?
Yes.
Next Monday, I already told Muth that I'm going to be working.
Are you going to be working next Monday?
Yes.
Of course.
And Carlos, Carlos is what else is he going to do?
As long as he can stay off the old bit page, he'll be happy.
56670560.560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Line George was just commenting during the break of the day.
I thought of it earlier, but I didn't want to say it because it would be in poor taste.
But George always says things that are in poor taste.
So why should he be different today?
I mean, the guy just died and we wanted to talk about how depressing all other music was before the disco stuff.
And it was.
Right.
Good.
But it was great.
But it was very sad.
Very marvellous.
You know, like Massachusetts was sad.
The 1941 New York Mining Disaster was very, very, very depressing and sad.
That one there, a holiday was enough to make your blow your brains out.
How do you mean to broken heart?
Right.
Very, very sad.
Oh.
But once the disco got here was like a little more upbeat.
Tragedy.
I mean, tragedy.
Oh, tragedy.
Tragedy.
Tragedy is kind of like a happy tragedy.
You know what I'm going to say?
Yeah.
Just one of them things.
Well, I'm componing a great list for tomorrow's pull, man.
It's going to be great.
Here's an actor speaking a great, a great fact from Captain Rick who says,
sports station, my ass.
I called up Moe and asked him if Peter Ren or Joe P.B. Jr.
would ever come back to Pompano and his reply was,
we don't talk soccer on this station.
What an asshole says Captain Rick.
Even George knows who they are.
Would they ever come back to Pompano?
We don't talk soccer on this.
They are Moe.
Moe.
Would you know you could put a symbol of everything for your bag left over?
Man.
And by the way, you'll be glad to know, or when he pressed the note that they're both back,
Joe P.B. Jr. and Peter Ren.
And Brian, oh I'm so glad he reminded me.
Brian, serious as unbelievable.
Brian, we love you, baby.
Don't ever leave.
He's doing a job at Pompano Park.
He's giving all these guys a lesson.
Even Brucey that ain't your Ranger and Wally,
Hennessey and all these other guys.
He's teaching.
He's showing them where it's at.
He's showing them his ass as he comes down to stretch, just killing everybody.
Nice going, Brian.
They don't get too much better than Brian.
Seriously, Randy Wapel's won seven races at World Buying Center.
Did anybody care?
No.
Hey, listen, I got nothing else to talk about on it.
I've shown how football's basically over.
At least down here anyway.
Let them talk a little bit of harness racing, hockey, and homo talk, the three H's.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm.
I'm a very noisy line.
There are a lot of stuff going on up there.
But they're not there.
Too late.
We don't have time to sit around here and wait all day for some schmuck who don't know how to respond when I say West Palm.
Just because you were on hold for about four hours.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Yes, hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, hi, Neil.
Just a few things.
I don't want to be critical like you mentioned before, but the guy who sent you the facts about the New York blackout.
He was right.
It was 65.
Of course.
And also the other guy who said it was just New York City.
That's wrong.
It was all on Earth East.
It was right.
The whole Eastern Sea Boy.
All along the East Coast.
Okay.
The other thing I wanted.
I'm a bit nervous, my boy said.
That's okay.
Okay.
Me too.
I don't know why he gets nervous.
Anyway.
There it was.
Oh.
I just wanted to thank you for playing all the great beaching music.
All the so-called music stations here.
But I'm not playing their music at all.
I haven't heard anything.
I'm hearing more of their music on your station than anywhere else.
Absolutely.
Just like always, right?
Exactly.
And I know why the FM 101 is supposed to be playing their music.
I heard a last night on the TV news that there would be playing their music all day.
But I've been listening to that station in the background while I listen to you.
I haven't heard one.
I haven't heard anything yet.
Unless they're starting now.
I knew them, but I haven't heard a thing yet.
And I keep checking.
They probably just lied.
Well, I hope not because I mean that I just saw on TV the late a lady who works fair of it.
I don't know what her title is but she just mentioned the beat using it said one on one point five.
So you think they would be playing their music. Also you mentioned how can you mend a broken heart?
Did you play that yet? Did I play that yet George? No.
Oh, because it's been one of my favorites if you could play that. I like that.
Well, you. And also there's another song. It's one of their earlier songs. It's called Either Melody or Melody Fair.
And I've always liked that song. You could play that. That will be good.
I'll try to find it. And one other thing. I'm looking for it.
Okay. Great. And one other thing whenever you're away, you know, when the summer in Georgia takes your place or the time you took your place just now when you're away for Christmas, he does a good job whenever he's on the air.
You know, summer fall or whenever whenever you're away. And I always enjoy listening to him. So don't listen to those other people say he's no good.
They're just jealous like Rick Riley. They all want to do the show. Okay. They're all looking to move in like my friend Lynn Samuels.
I mean, we love Lynn, but she wants to do the show where he can. So I want to do the show. There's nobody does the show like George unless maybe Dwight Lauderdale.
Well, whatever, but George has a good job. And in fact, I enjoy listening to both of you. Anyway, you could play a Melody Fair and the other right to preview.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot.
I mean, Dwight Lauderdale could come in and give like a whole seminar on eating ass. But I think he's about the only one who has as much expertise as George does.
In fact, George had to have a tongue transplant. 10 past noon at 560 WQAM 560 7505 60 pound 560. That thing rots right off, baby. I wore it out. And you're tongue too.
Man, oh man. That nasty brown crack. Hey, it's a new year. I know what you're all thinking out there. How did I gain this weight? Well, probably during the holidays, you went out. You picked out. Don't despair. And by the way, Alan over there at Delight, we love you. But the spirit spelled D E S P A I R D E not with an eye. Okay. There's only one eye.
Just like Sandy Duncan said, I only had one eye. That's the spirit too. Don't despair because of the Atkins low carb diet. Those pounds can be long gone before you can say the lights of West Boka. The lights of West Boka is a megastore for the Atkins diet or any low carb sugar free diet. It's a story that's dedicated to you because that's all they carry. They don't carry any fat and cramp. There's good reason to join the thousands of people who travel to the lights. They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products like their brand new low carb crunchy granola by flaxo meal and two scrumptious flavors. Only one or two carbs per serving.
So whether it's carbolina ice cream bread, chips muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, the lights of West Boka is the place you're going to love and you can sample anything in the store before you buy it. They're open every day seven, that days a week from 10 to 10, their staff knows their stuff inside and out. And they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day. Everybody in their brother, all of a sudden now is rediscovered Atkins and guess what? Because it works. And it just might do the job for you too. So do the smart thing. Head for the number one low carb sugar restore in the world. Delight of West Boka. You'll find them on the North.
East corner of Glades Road in 441 right next to Boston Market or call them tool free at 1 877 low carb or check them out in the wicked worldwide web at lowcarb.com. There's only one Delight of West Boka. And it's your official Atkins retail center.
I'm sick of family. In a forest. I had my fill at him. This Christmas. I'm glad it's over and I'm finally home. Please God let my folks move the wrong.
Sick of hearing about my past surgery. Sick of hearing about my mom's fake screwed up.
My sister Doris weighs 300 pounds. Whatever she sits on in water it drowns. And there's my calls and earning from LA. What a shocker he's gave. It's okay we know. You're a mole. Sick of my family.
I'm glad that I'm home. Please God let my folks move the wrong. And we were telling him what that we don't know. That's why I didn't know what was going on.
Storeshooting and coral gable. Storeshooting. Oh unusual guns in America people shooting up at the Merritt Park. What channel you want? 10. 10. Is white lottery on there? No. Good. The guy.
Oh, you know something this cable really blows here. Yeah. I don't know what channel is telling this cable. Love it. Like I said. The officers have been in this fight this fight. And then find out what she looks awful. What tell us her name that news bitch? I don't know. Oh, did not you that was that Diane Magnum? I don't think so. I don't know. I'm telling you that's who that just was. Only moments ago. You'll see after the break. She looked. She looked like she's eight about age about 400 years old.
Maybe Dwight got the. Yeah, that's it. Jingle is what I want for the BG's that's crap. CKLW Golden. There you go. And it was Diane Magnum. She looks like crap. Hey Diane you look like a hundred years old bitch. Man.
I can think of younger days. When living for my life. Was everything a man could want to do. I could never see super. I was never told about the sorrow.
I can't stop the rain falling down. How can you stop the sun from shining? What makes the world go around?
I can't stop this. How can you miss broken man? I cannot live forever with this hell of a man. My broken heart. And let me miss.
I can still feel the breath that brought us through the trees and may see memories
that date's gone by now.
We could never see too much.
No one said a word about the sorrow.
How can you make a broken heart?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
How can you stop the sun from shining?
What makes the world go round?
And how can you make this broken heart?
How can you make this broken heart?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
How can you make this broken heart?
How can you make this broken heart?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
How can you stop the rain from falling down?
We know most of them, but you wouldn't want to touch yours anyway.
There's George's picture right there.
I did a car to work for the BG home in Miami Beach.
How do you like that?
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
