So that was fucking sweet!
Ah!
Oh my god! It's a severed head!
Yes, severed head. The new fad that's sweeping an Asian.
Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head.
And if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer.
Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy.
Wow, $623. Isn't that a lot for a bag of candy?
Well, it's our finest mixture.
You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddy's, and the juice filled wax pumpkins.
Well, I guess it is a good deal.
Except for this severed head of the middle of the Zagnut bar!
Sweet, but geez! I'm so sorry!
Please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free!
You'd better!
Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts in freebies worldwide.
So pick up yours today and remember if it's not dead, it's not severed head.
Police arrested a German man on suspicion of murdering his sister-in-law.
Yesterday after he was spotted carrying her severed head through the streets of a town near the Dutch border in Achen, Germany.
Acher.
Acher, du Lieber.
Police received several calls after passes by, saw the 24-year-old walking with a blood-soaked knife and the head under his arm.
The head under his arm in the town of Ubok Pollenberg near Achen, public prosecutor Robert Delerstead.
After arresting and police discovered the decapitated course of his 25-year-old sister-in-law, the man's apartment.
He said she really had a good head on his shoulders.
Delerstead, the motive wasn't clear.
It's also not known why the man was walking through town with a head.
Maybe he was just looking for a good head, you think?
Was it good?
Chris B. Cream is good. I'll tell you that. They brought a whole bunch of donuts and it's a good thing that I'm here and not there.
Thanks to our good friends at Chris B. Cream, and the guy that brought him, our dark-complexed friend was worried that I wasn't going to say nice things about them.
You must be dreaming, Mr. Height.
You better get your ass on straight.
Because I love Chris B. Cream. There ain't nothing.
You know something we missed out on. Well, we had food on the pole yesterday.
Right, we didn't get to.
They just grew in that tree.
But that should have had its own category.
In fact, you know, that's another great pole idea.
What food are you most addicted to?
And then we can have specific things like that.
Because I think we did that once before, but just too general.
I think we might have done favorite food, but not necessarily addictive.
Right, that's right.
Chris B. Cream donuts.
Yeah.
You can't eat only two.
And George proved that this morning, how may the eat be, your boy?
I ate three.
I ate three.
He even is honest enough to him that he ate three.
David Woodley's dead. We're very upset about that.
Who?
Come on.
I know that I'm good about David Woodley.
Took him to the Super Bowl in that figure when Jimmy Cipyllis was on the team.
Lost to the Redskins at your. Wasn't it the Redskins?
That's right.
Yeah, remember John Riggins, scoring a touchdown.
They just couldn't bring him down with a goddamn tractor. That was a shame.
That's when I was really a big enthusiastic dolphin fan.
That's when it was fun to go to the games.
It was just it was a hoot.
David Woodley, good looking guy too back in those days.
Even the store in the Herald Points that out. He was very popular because of his good looks
And his athletic ability and his low key personality.
He was just in the mud.
And it quotes Joe Rose all throughout the article two in the Herald one.
Sun Centle doesn't mention Joe Rose.
I just thought I would mention it.
David Woodley only 44. He had a successful liver transplant in 1992, that's 11 years ago.
In fact, the article points out that he was near death before the liver transplant.
So maybe even though he doubted only 44, maybe he was able to steal another 11 years.
See what I'm saying? I get it.
He needed a new liver at 33.
Right. Well, you know, he liked to live in a fast lane according to the article.
Wow.
He's what it said.
But anyway, 44 is too young to dial.
Currency of that right and freaking out.
So that's some very bad news David Woodley's dead, which I can't believe.
Also some bad news from yesterday.
Somebody that ought to bring David Woodley back and swap this punk that called the show yesterday
with that phony baloney story about all the brow accounting recklessly.
The brow accounting commission is voted to have put an official protest against papy act to blah, blah, blah, blah.
And don't you think the commissioners are well, yeah, the commissioners would deserve kudos if they did it.
The only problem is they didn't.
We just know they made up phony baloney story.
So the message being anything that the caller is calling and telling you this guard 90% of it.
The other 10% flushed on the toilet.
Okay, then you'll be safe.
Remember that kid?
Oh, yeah.
How the brow accounting to this?
Well, that's what happens when somebody slices off your penis.
You start hallucinating.
Oh, speaking of that.
So getting back to our movies, they got so much stuff going on, which is a good thing that a lot of stuff going on because our phone don't work.
Yeah, nice going.
Course. So see, he's so worried about the getting gas masks and stocking up with all kinds of viscreen and duct tape to seal the doors for when I come back to town.
So we don't get stars that they had before getting meals.
So take what struck us most is just how sick people were.
See, there you go.
That's a more great deal.
I'm very important.
That's a more great technical news to what's that?
For some reason, not only did they lock out that server with that new firewall, but they locked me out too.
So my laptop can't get on the internet either.
So apparently the port that I'm connected to is also locked out.
See, and didn't have an I always told you every single time that my phone situation here is screwed up.
The inner your internet thing because it's all back to an engineering.
Right.
Nice going course. So you idiot.
We didn't want fat Julio there. He used to do a good job. He'd be around.
He would already have this fix before the show, but all know we can't afford to have him because he actually does stuff.
So we've got Mr. Paranoia, the course of my story there.
And we got everybody all screwed up.
So the bedtime story is if they get on at all, we'll be on late, which is a shame because we got a whole bunch of them today.
I'd say we got third man close to it.
So we got all kinds of technical defuulies here at QA and today.
It's a damn good thing. It's Wednesday also because we got the safety of that noon to one hour.
The comedy bits are on Wednesday.
Thank the Lord. Thank you.
Good for that.
How does this go on? You know how it goes on because it's a slip shot organization.
That's why the program, the excuse me clearance, the operations manager.
He's only worried that he's going on vacation next week and he feels great.
He's been through all the, you know, I hate to say this to you.
You're a good guy. You're a friend.
But you know, you reach a point where I'm telling you her about your hypocondria.
You know what I'm saying?
This is a place of business.
But in his case, it's a place of monkey business, which is why Bina Boy had a big lump on his neck for a couple of weeks.
Now, seriously, I mean too much monkey business and not enough real business.
That's the problem of Q a Q a M.
What happened to him, Mark Morgan?
I don't hear him on or any more in the morning.
Did I get a lot by hope?
He's on vacation.
Let's be Q a M.
Hey, just, oh, makes my insides just gurgle.
I get gurgling sounds when I hear that voice.
Mark Morgan.
Anyway, so the movies that you listed yesterday, I had that big list.
Yeah, which I have no idea where they are now, but I got them all.
Every single one of them.
Excellent.
I spent 200 bucks yesterday on DVDs.
So at least I'm helping the economy here.
While some of you assholes out there trying to destroy it by spreading all these, the SARS hysteria.
Let me just say this to you, okay?
If you're not in the Asia, the odds that you're going to get SARS are one and a trillion.
Did you see the guy I'm sure you probably didn't?
I told you it not last night, but the night before, which would have been Monday night.
We had bad thunderstorms here overnight.
The guy gets hit by lightning for the second time in five years.
No, I didn't see that.
Yeah, right up the road here at Kobako, which is the suburb north of Toronto.
What a lucky guy.
He got hit by lightning in 98.
He survived it.
And I guess it's a lightning.
Again, I don't know whether he's still alive or not.
He was in critical condition.
Yeah, he should play a lot of it.
He survived being in the wrong place at the wrong time, I guess.
It's hit by lightning twice in five years.
That's the real and they call him lucky.
Yeah, pie was a good movie.
Pie was interesting.
Was the first Darren Ironowski movie before Requiem for a dream.
Wasn't as good as Requiem for a dream.
It's all in black and white, but it's got that same frantic approach to the whole.
The photography just make you make you like dizzy.
Everything is spinning and we go from one character to another one.
And it just speeds up and it's sick.
You know, of course there's some orthodox Jews in there, which George would appreciate.
All right.
Like you're from a company.
And they have a scene where the one orthodox Jew was got a brings him into the shul and he's wrapping the to fillin around his arm.
Which I thought they were going to do them in at that point, but they didn't because they wanted that code.
They wanted the numbers, the 216 numbers.
Very strange movie, but it was pretty good.
And then I want to personally thank he can't call in right now and doesn't have to about hope he's listening.
Whoever the call was suggested happiness.
A Todd Salons film.
That's the S O L O N D Z strange name Todd Salons is the director.
Happiness is also director of welcome to the bellhouse, which I never saw.
This is the most bizarre, the most hysterical and the ending.
If you don't, if you don't pee your pants at the ending of this movie, then you never will.
You will laugh so hard you'll drop several loads.
I mean all sorts of substances into your panel.
Loonies you've ended this movie the last scene.
Funny.
I mean, it's got a way to dog funny.
Oh, much more than that.
All right.
No, although there is a dog involved.
It's funny should mention that.
But that's all I'm going to say because I don't want to spoil it for it.
Okay.
But in the movie, in fact, there's some pretty interesting people in this movie.
Ben Gizarre is in there.
Uh, Phil, up see more hopman who come to find out is a great actor.
He usually plays.
I mean, he was just a sad sack.
He was pathetic in this movie.
He was like a heavy breather on the phone who couldn't get laid.
In fact, most of the people in this movie couldn't get laid.
They were just a slightly dysfunctional family.
It's what you're talking about.
Three sisters and their boyfriends and ex-husbands and the children and the one petafile and his son and the...
Oh, brother.
Hey, nothing we want to do technical things on the air.
Well, sure we do.
Check your dots.
There's no dots, but I will say this.
Oh, well, there's only one way.
One moment, please.
See, I have to get rid of that and then click a social producer again and see if it come.
I came back with no dots.
I...
Oh, there's the dots.
Okay.
Let's hear it.
For that course, oh, myster.
How's he the best or what?
Huh, best that money can't buy.
Okay, we're half done then.
Okay, and then we've got to get you straight enough there because we've got to get those bedtime stories on air.
See, if they would just...
You know what?
If they would just leave stuff alone.
If they would just leave stuff alone, they don't like it.
It's like Greg Reed.
He didn't like success before.
He had to start tinkering around, you know?
Mess with success.
That's not just management philosophy.
It's also engineering philosophy.
Everything seems to be working great.
We got a technical success story going on here.
24-7, no less.
Well, the signal that maybe can be heard ten blocks up the street.
No, we don't want to do that.
Let's start messing with stuff.
Let's start changing settings around.
Let's start doing this.
But I mean, you know, now that that fan Julio is gone.
Just leaves the...
Oh, and listen, while he's there, you might mention to him that for the past 75 years,
Line 5 doesn't work on the phone, but screws up the whole phone bank.
I just mentioned that in passing since the engineering department's doing such a tremendous job.
If Bob Ramoth would spend more time getting us some decent equipment
and they're getting to play straight out as opposed to telling a guy named Deliverance stories about the beeslees,
maybe we'd have a place that works once in a while.
You jackass.
Just pathetic.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medications don't work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
But aside from that, and we're not going to spend much time out of those three Cubans.
Evidently, the whole time was hyperventilating in the media street,
about the three Cubans that washed up on shore again.
I mean, give me a break.
It must be really terminally boring there.
I mean, Mr. Ego getting a big article in a herald again,
and then we'll get to that stuff.
And also, the results of yesterday's pool come to find out we got a lot of addicted people in this audience.
A lot of addicted people in this audience and in the QA building too.
913. Thanks again to Chris B. Creamy.
You guys are the best we love you.
You have no idea.
And of course, there is Chris B. Creamy here,
but not like one anywhere near where I am.
Thank the Lord.
Not that I know of, and believe me, I'm not going to start to investigate it.
Try to find it.
Just can't do it.
I wish I weighed 150 pounds.
I wish I weighed 140 and had to put on 10 pounds.
I would be Chris B. Creamy at all over the place.
There'd be shoveling those things down.
I'm sorry, you know what I'm saying?
It's just that one that does nothing.
I could eat it doesn't.
Yeah, these were warm.
Seriously, let me ask you this.
If you just, if it didn't make you sick, right?
And it weren't bad for it like overdo it.
How many could you really eat?
The box that doesn't.
It doesn't.
I think I could do it.
Sure.
In about a half an hour.
In fact, to be honest with you.
913 at 560 WQM talk is cheap.
It's easy to throw on a lot of appealing low numbers.
But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get refinanced at?
At what number?
5% 4%.
How about 2.45% with financial group?
With interest rates of 2.45% it's really your best bet.
And this is rock solid.
Call financial group right now, toll free at 1-800-940-LIN.
That's financial group 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
Interest rates are at all time low.
So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
2.45% financing with financial group is what we're talking about.
And here's what we'll do those monthly payments of examples for to give you an idea.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $70,000-$76 a month.
If you have $100,000 loan, you pay only $393 a month.
Cump change.
So get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group.
And call them today.
There's no obligation to give you all the information about how this works.
Call 1-800-940-LIN.
That's financial group at 1-800-940-LIN.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions applying rates are subject to change monthly.
5.34 APR.
We're supporting your 5.60 QAM.
Hey Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
No.
No.
Just a question left.
Just a question left.
Is he really dead?
Is he dumb dead?
Is he really dead?
Just a question left.
Just a question left.
Is he really dead?
Is he dumb dead?
Is he really dead?
He sure has a stung.
He sure has a stung.
He sure has a stung.
And what did I see?
There was a man on Abu Dhabi TV.
Who'd he be real?
Much too hour surprise.
For some better wreck, he ain't a perfect disguise.
I keep asking myself and wondering how he survived when we blew every building down.
If it's hot, it's a dumb.
We know we're heavy.
Either living in Syria where he can be free.
Morning and now is his beast.
On the whole back to free.
Just a question left.
Just a question left.
Is he really dead?
Is he dumb dead?
Is he really dead?
I don't know.
Just a question left.
Just a question left.
Is he really dead?
Is he dumb dead?
Is he really dead?
No.
He sure has a stung.
He sure has a stung.
Hey, great.
I need tea at 560.
Happy Wednesday, too.
I think we got things working.
Let's do a phone check here online, too, and sunrise.
Hello.
Now, what is that all about?
See, it doesn't work.
Hold on.
Hold on a second.
Put a little back.
Put it back on hold.
Put it back on hold.
Put it back on hold.
Do I have to reset the phones?
I think this morning.
Oh, right.
God, there is something that he could have done there.
I can smell it all the way.
New people are worried about what I'm going to be back down there.
I'm worried about what you're sending up here.
Now, it's not working.
I hate to break the news to you.
No, it's got to be reconfigured when it comes back on like that.
What do you mean by that?
Please.
We don't want to put people to sleep even more so.
Well, why is this going on?
It's got to be reset.
Once your connection is reestablished, it's got to be reset before you can be in the proper mode.
So this one call I had here, this call is gone, right?
Is that what you're telling me?
No.
I just want to do like a little line check.
Just a something.
Just a feel.
Just to make sure I'm connected with the outside world there.
And we just can't do it here on QAIM.
Because the operations manager is running around the building world.
But is everybody care that he feels good today?
And the engineer is like standing on his head, farting in your face word.
And he's going to get stars when I come back.
That's the mentality you're dealing with a QAIM.
Now, I got a check mark on here.
Let me see.
No, it's not working.
No, it's it's it's.
Well, how long is this process going to take, Mr?
Until we figure it out.
Until you get your finger out of it?
Out of your rectum.
Oh, my God.
I think I might just go on strike, you know what?
This is unacceptable.
I'm sitting here 6.45 in the morning ready to rock in the world.
I got all my stuff done on my end not to pat myself on the back.
Because they're paying me a few bucks.
But I'm ready to go on this end.
And we just can't quite get it together down there at QAIM.
We can't quite get it together.
Maybe if we spend a hell of a lot less time sending out some of the other guys out to place that they don't want to go to.
Getting bit by mosquitoes the size of watermelons.
Maybe we could get this thing straight out in that studio.
You think?
No.
Hiving unlikely.
Why is it rocket science?
Let me just try out this line 12.
See, it's got that same now.
It's got a thing on there I've never seen before.
It's got a symbol like somebody's finger stuck up in the middle of the air.
Must be Corso.
What is it that you're doing now?
Would you please please tell me what it is that you're doing with the phone system?
We're a poch game trying to get to work.
Why is that?
Why should we have to do this?
We shouldn't, but we do.
Try to pick up like four please.
Pick up line four.
Yeah.
Now it's got a funky little it looks like it looks like we're playing monopoly.
It's got a one of those hotels symbols, you know.
I just bought a hotel on line four.
I think it's Atlantic City.
Boardwalk.
Are you an assistant producer 2.0 just out of curiosity?
I beg your pardon.
Yes.
There's no problem on this end.
You understand the problem is not on this end.
We just have to make sure that everything is in the correct mode.
Everything here is in the correct mode.
Okay.
In fact, I'm going to have a little pie a la in a minute mode.
With some crispy cream donuts on the sides.
Sounds pretty good to me.
Who in the right mind can believe this?
Any regular listen to QM?
I was thinking during this break, this last break, I was thinking about the IOD days.
We have a few times you can count them on the fingers of one hand.
Had phone problems.
I mean, it happens everywhere in every radio station of this talk.
But here, now let me just try it myself.
Okay. I see that line is ringing.
Line two.
Nothing more than work.
We're probably going to have to reset everything down here.
I beg your pardon.
We're probably going to have to reset the main unit down here.
The main unit.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, we have a main unit.
The computers I'll talk to it.
Yours, mine, Carlos's.
Here's our pull from yesterday while we're stalling for time here.
I just wanted to, you know, just a little test there.
And it's a good thing that I did.
It's a damn good thing I did.
What's your number one addiction we asked yesterday?
14, how many votes we got there?
Because I had 14, 13.
I printed this baby out before we started this long exercise.
This grotesque and birth.
14, 22.
Yes.
Pretty good.
The result there.
Especially.
And I should point out to you.
And I guess if you're in business, you already know this.
That the Exodus, like I mentioned yesterday, the Exodus from South Florida has begun.
And, you know, our website is like a gauge.
A gauge.
It's like a gauge of how many people are there.
It's amazing.
I looked back at last year's stats.
And you can see month by month starting in May.
We've always said this right after Easter and Passover, they start bailing out.
And then June and July.
And then August, I mean, forget about it.
And then September, they start coming back.
Of course, part of that in the summers because Georgia's, I mean,
no, no, seriously, that's what it's all about.
You're playing with an empty deck.
They stick your ass on there.
I mean, as lame as you might be, but they expect you to make magic and you're talking like nobody.
Although, look at Mr. Ego, he's got two or three big stories in here in the last week in the paper.
And he can put his audience in a phone booth.
That's the thing that amazes me about that.
The obsession with the same tired, stale people over and over again using N-word in dangerous talk host diversity role.
He didn't belong on that diversity board in the first place except for some Jack S.
named Marty Rubenstein, some personal Palahes.
That's the only reason he's on there.
The diversity board talks your hostion beyond diversity boards because they've all gotten asked to grind.
Okay, especially when they're a professional publicity, how'd like Mr. Ego, the keen master.
And anyway, we'll get maybe into that and probably not.
So punch a line just for kicks.
No, same thing.
I'm back on my park place though and I'm making progress.
All right.
Still have my hotel. That's what that symbol looks like.
And when I do that, do you see the symbol or not?
Yeah, I see it. It's the phone symbol.
It's punching it into my headset. When you pick it up, you're picking it up into my headset.
So what does that mean?
I have no idea.
That's why I ask you if you were in that mode because it's acting as if it's Carlos' computer.
Your computer is acting like it's Carlos' computer.
Mine says at the top.
Assistant producer, two point.
That's what it says. Just like I always says, like it's supposed to say.
And you want to know why? Because nothing has changed here in this beautiful little studio,
which George Corso, by the way, had nothing to do with building.
Julio built it down there and he came up here and helped to assemble it when it was mostly done.
Thanks to our engineer here in Toronto, which we got real engineers here in Toronto.
This is just a real kickin' he asks is what this is.
I think it's sabotage, if you ask me.
Then that's how good. Let's make it up.
I think we've been sabotaged.
But that feels good today. Let's hear it.
I don't. I'm pissed up and fired off is what I am.
I just got through seeing this movie. Happiness.
I was so excited to come out here and talk about it.
All enthused and whipped up into a frenzy.
And I come on here. We can't just do like a show because the phone is a piece of crap.
It's a piece of turrid man. It's like that big turrid in the back seat of that broads car.
You can smell it.
All through Ontario, they probably gonna think it's like West Now virus spreading again.
What's your number one addiction? We had over 1400 votes.
Food, 246.
Food, like crispy cream donuts, which we love dearly.
We should have divided it down and we will do that sometime.
Sex, 193.
Alcohol, 133.
Pot, 131.
The near Rogers show, 112.
And basically those were the top five right there.
So if you could be having sex while listening to this show after getting a little boozed up,
smoking a big fat one.
And also then after you smoke the big fat one and get the munchies and having a few crispy cream donuts and maybe some pizza.
There you go.
Right.
Porn 096.
I don't have any addiction saying 96 liars.
6.7% of this audience man lie through their teeth.
The internet 94 nicotine 87.
Gotta put down those faggots man.
Caffeine, oh speaking of Mr. Ego put down the faggots.
That's his number one obsession.
Caffeine 75 TV 57, heroin 23.
I'm shocked.
But everybody now is telling me that that's the new deal now.
Now that you don't have to inject it.
Because if you inject it, you get that big purple thing and you're like who poured Jared got it.
What's that?
Oh, it's bigger than that movie.
Requiem for a dream will be on IFC channel next Wednesday May 14 at 10 p.m.
Yes.
So those who have IFC channel the independent film channel on the cable on your digital cable area Wednesday May 14 10 p.m.
It's a movie you must see.
Hero win 23 gambling 21.
I guess people in our station ward voting on this we'd had a much higher turnout cocaine 17 shopping 15 prescription drugs 13 which we don't believe for a minute.
It's much higher than that.
Sure.
But most of those people are either too old or too stone to go to their computer and vote and ecstasy only for because they're in our crowd.
Kid Korea shares me that when they take their pull on power.
They'll have a lot more than just for about 30,000 right 927 at 560 WQM if you're stuck at a dead end job working for a real jackass surrounded by incompetent people.
Then get out of that dead end and get yourself a new high paying computer job by making one simple call.
Well that call could be the most important thing you'll ever do in your life call the folks at fast train and in just four short months they can give you the train to get that new high paying job and to get your real big fat paycheck twice a month.
Call fast train today toll free at 1 866 fast train.
They offer convenient day evening weekend classes so they're about to be able to fit it in your schedule and there's certainly about to be your location nearby you because fast train hours all over town.
They're in Miami Kindle Pemberpies and Fort Lauderdale and don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Don't you think it's a little past time for that bumper sticker thing I could be wrong. I don't want to like plant ideas in their mind but I just mentioned that that maybe Todd direct might think about that one of these days.
So call fast today and change your life. Get out of your dead end and get into a real worthwhile career call today toll free.
There's no obligation call 1 866 fast train and be sure and tell them that Todd direct told you to call.
This is what you'll buy.
You way up.
Freedom and say cheese.
Attention all terrorists and numbers of al-Qaeda.
What's your best when you get captured? Then you got to wear hands wide neck t-shirts with hands wide neck t-shirts.
You'll always look your best just as pellet shake Muhammad did you see how outstanding his hairy hunchback looked so terrorists you know you're going to get caught.
So you might as well look your best hands wide neck shirts. It's an entire thing.
It's 9 30 at 5 60. It's a screw up thing here at QM. We apologize profusely.
We got the mad dog. I want to climb today. Hank in the studio with three. Marlins on direct at the 6 30.
Marlins who lose every day now. At least they're consistent. Giants at P.P. Park tonight at 705 at the stadium.
Eddie K. after the game in June Mark overnight a pristine schedule for the baseball season. Here's our poll question today.
Who are the most pathetic creatures? Another chance for you to take out your hostility and anger and pick on people.
I think it's really good after watching happiness too because everybody in the movie was pathetic.
Everybody. Even the dog.
Is there anybody on the other end? Yeah we're right here.
Oh okay. I'm just the way things are going today. I just want to be checking to make sure.
Nothing you know but you know we're trying to do stuff. Now let me ask you this.
If you punch up a line there in that room. Yeah what happened? Let me try.
Same thing it goes to Carlos. It's like it's like. So the reason I want to point that out is it's not a function of my being here.
No. The fact that we're doing it from a studio 1,000 1200 miles away.
The whole has to do with the fact that inside the building inside the building thanks to the fact that engineering won't leave well enough alone.
They continue patching around with stuff and you couldn't put a full call on the area if your life depended on it.
If George Corso came in there right now and stuck a gun up his own ass and pulled a trigger it still wouldn't work it.
Where I'm way there. What does that mean? Oh he's in here right now except for the gun up his ass part.
Well let's get to that right away. If you let's not the wait that might work.
If that doesn't get him the stars will I guarantee you that because the one as soon as I come back to town that's the first thing I'm going to do is plant myself right in front of that guy they mentioned in the room and take a goddamn plastic bag.
And actually I'm into the goddamn crack in the door. How do you like that?
I tell some crack in his door. He's got a gun and it's labeled stars repellent. Yeah right. Tell him to do something with it.
Yeah. Nice going Corso. You're really doing the job for us baby. You really got us the jackpot.
Anyway here's the effect we ought to put radio engineers on here too. Of course we don't have any anymore but who are the most pathetic creatures that's the poll to question today.
People who play golf. People who watch golf. Computer nerds. Sports talk groupies. Autograph homes.
I beg your pardon. Just thing working. No it's not working here. No we're going to have to change something over there.
Jesus Christ. Apparently for some reason the console is both yours and George's got reset to a different mode.
Not from here they didn't. No not necessarily from there. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Not necessarily. Not not necessarily. Not from here.
Not on this end. You understand? You follow what I'm telling you? Got it. Read my lips. Not from this end. Nothing changed here in my nice little studio.
Nothing zero. Zipity. Do not there were no asshole engineers pochking around dick and around. Re-setting settings. Nothing changed here was on that end.
Just for the record. Okay. For the people in the audience wondering after all of this time are we still can't get our act together and get our goddamn radio show on here.
In spite of the fact that the engineering department puts out this big memo that they plaster on their door about they got a son here 24 hours seven days a week. Wow. So what did you change up there?
I wonder where can I finish this pool please before you punch up any more buttons make any more goddamn noise since I'm starting to get just a little bit surly.
Who are the most pathetic creatures people who play golf people who watch golf computer nerd sports stock groupies autographed hounds big fat slabs and talk show chronics.
And I'm sure we could add some more onto this list if we ever were to take any phone calls or they could just fax him and the fax machine is still working at least on this end.
Yeah. I think I'm all look at that. I see check marks on the phone. Is that mean something might be having you hold on and I'm going to need you to do something.
Yeah. Don't don't rush to that phone baby. First take off your pants. Yeah. Take out my pants and take out. I'm not doing it here. I'm waiting till I come back there.
I'm going to take a big big wild diary right in the middle of the goddamn lobby there. I'm going to go right in front of Greg Reed's door and I'm going to take a big impact.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to have 15 crispy cream donuts. In fact, not 50. That's what I'm going to do. And then I'm going to have all kinds of sorbitol. I'm going to eat every kind of goddamn candy. I'm going to eat all that good stuff with sorbitol.
And I'm going to take a wild wild diary or right in front of Greg Reed's door and watches it seeps under the door. Like it was crawling in there like the creeping death.
Now what do you want me to do? All right. You have also assistant producer 2.0 up. That's what it says. Click configuration. Are you kidding me? No. Are you crazy? No.
And let me just tell you this right now. I'm not going to be able to go into the closet and crawl around on the floor again. Okay. No, you won't need to. You won't need to. Okay.
Because I have no keyboard on this thing. Keep that in mind. Configuration. Okay. Go to mode mode. Pile mode. Yeah. Take off those checkered pants and click on talent.
I hate to break the news to you. But in this particular way, this is set up when you click mode, the producer in town, you can't click either one of them because it comes up like. You know what I mean? Right. Go to desktop director.
Oh. Okay. Okay. Click on. What? D.D.1, D.D.2 or D.D.T. No director. Okay. No director. That's like us. No director. It's like Q.A.M. We got lots of people walking around with titles and they coming to every day and tell us how good they feel. I feel pretty good too. If I was still on the check out of that place, there'd be two weeks. Not doing anything. Okay. Now what? Now go to mode. What? Go to mode.
mode. Okay. Now it should not be great out anymore. It's not. Okay. Go to talent. Okay. I clicked it. Okay. Now check a phone line.
WDQ. I.M. Hello. Hello. I hear that echo. Why do I hear that echo? It's gone. Hello. Yes sir. Speak to me. Do you hear me? I'm daily. I hear you. And I hear you. Incredible. Hey. Am I in the air here? It sounds like you. Yeah. Well, it's hard to tell because like I said, I can't hear you. You hear me. And you were calling the Elias.
I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be up to you. I'm going to be
up to you. I'm going to be up to you.
I have 650198, that's our facts number, 650198, and I will apologize to you on a year.
But I still don't believe you.
I mean, I understand how much they're manipulating the media, make no mistake about that, and
how the media is full of crap, especially with all the SARS hysteria I see written.
And by the way, Lynn, you got sucked into Sweden, all right?
I hate to be around, it was in New York time.
I don't care where the hell it was.
The numbers are wrong, hysteria is growing by the moment, and you can manipulate those
deaths.
Just like that story that the Miss Fudge has got on there about the guy in Vegas, hey,
I hate to break the news to you.
There's two other people that also had a cough and a sore throat, did they have a fever?
No.
No, they didn't have it, neither does he.
He's fine.
But it's irresponsible as what it is.
Every one of these people now, every time they find any story about SARS, all of the death
rate is really 300%.
What?
I mean, it's, you know, everybody panic like our engineering.
In fact, you know what you ought to do?
I got a great idea for you.
Okay.
Since we got sent you a bunch of pussy's around the building, you ought to go to the
Fudge Report and download all of those stories, all those panic stories, get everybody just
into a total state of panic.
Oh, the death rate is 600%.
Because it's all bullcrap.
They're not even talking about SARS here anymore.
They're worried about West now virus and the damn skaters.
If the SARS don't get you, the skaters will.
So sir, again, with all due respect, I mean, you know, I don't like calling people liars
and I thought it was some punk.
I thought this guy was older than being a punk.
But that's what I thought it was.
I thought we were just being had again.
It wouldn't be the first time, right?
I would like to see some verification.
Because anybody can call any radio talk show and say anything they want.
Oh, the president just, you know, just had wild diarrhea.
I mean, just because somebody says it doesn't make it, I mean, it's, it's so.
Although I would like to do my own wild diarrhea all over that building.
I'd like to fill up certain rooms.
I don't want to say which ones.
Just fill them up.
A sea of wild oozing.
Oh, and by the way, SARS can live in diarrhea for four days.
How do you like that?
Oh, four days.
They just discovered that regular stool only one day, but diarrhea four days.
Yeah, because it's moist.
So I'm going to bring back when I come back from here, I'm going to smuggle in some
stools.
940 20 till 10 at 560 QM.
You're just absolutely in.
It is.
It is a place.
It's just there are no words to describe it.
When I write my book, which I think will be very soon, people will assume that I just
made a lot of crap up.
I'm not making anything up.
You're only hearing the tip of the ice bucket is what you're hearing.
And believe me, when I say bucket, I'd like to say something that rhymes with it.
But I need the cash.
You know, mom has always been there for us with this mother.
They should deserve the softest gift for the hardest job.
This year, Pamper mom with a pyjama gram.
She'll receive the most luxurious pajamas along with free lavender bath tea, a gift card,
and a do not disturb sign all delivered and a keep-said hat box.
The set of pyjama gram gift shop online at pyjamagram.com or call tool free 1-800-GIFPJs
and I hope you choose the perfect pair.
And of course, everybody's looking for the perfect pair.
They've got branchy nose and nose like Nick and Cora, crab tree and Evelyn and the
Tory all made from premium fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk and sizes to fit any
mom from teeny tiny to gigantic humongous.
Plus, they've got gallons, robes, slippers, and great spot products too.
Sending pyjama gram is a creative way to thank her and it's delivered right to her door.
She'll love it and it's a gift you know she's going to use too.
There is sister company of Vermont Taylor Garcia and her contrast their quality and on time
delivery as well.
So, this mother's day and believe me time is running out do it now.
Send mom the softest gift for the hardest job.
Just visit pyjamagram.com or call tool free 1-800-GIFPJs.
That's pyjamagram.com.
945-560 WDQM where we just love men man.
We like those 25-54 males and anybody under over will take those too because we like the
bonus money.
More the most pathetic creatures.
People who play golf, people who watch golf, computer nerds, sports dog groupies, autograph
pounds, big fat slabs which include my self in that category or talk show chronics.
And believe you me when I tell you most of us big fat slabs we'd give anything.
I'd give Georgia's left arm to a lose the weight and weigh a perfect 150 pounds and
looks spelt and slim and trim and you just wave a magic wand.
But I'm a big fat slab you know I can't stop the fat like Don Delwy said I can't stop
the fat.
And then there's George Downer sitting shoveling crispy cream donuts down his little
punky face because they're free number one.
They're so goddamn good number two.
Right because number three he's not fat.
This is diabetic and old yet.
Not yet.
But he sure has got a lot more gray here than I got.
Now if anybody in Broward can verify with this guy saying about and his line to me about
did you call the Broward County Commission.
I mean everybody that calls this show like I got some kind of a staff here I'm going to
sit and make phone calls and try to get a hold of somebody that's going to verify
everything and people say I do show the new Roger's investigation team.
Right like 72 pounds.
Oh and speaking of.
That's me.
Seventy pounds.
I thought was more like third man.
Oh seriously I think Rick snatches I saw an MSNBC briefly yesterday before I changed
the channel real quick.
I thought he was coming back to NBC six as they say it.
Wasn't that the story?
That was the story.
Well then what that was he still doing on MSNBC where I thought they can't as as because
they caught on to what a hyperventilating jerk he is.
I don't know.
What else animal about they must really be out to the MSNBC just turn off the switch.
Okay just give it up.
Give it up.
They just even threw a thing they said well they're going to have to like re-examine that
and they're not sure he's ready to do a whole hour talk show and they're having all kinds
of production problems and we don't think it's going to fly.
Oh brother.
And people are taught.
Remember what was it a month two months ago they started talking that crap about a national
the Democrats and liberals are going to put together a national liberal.
Oh really give me a freaking break okay a liberal talk network to go up against Russian
and all these other assholes forget about it as they sit in the Donnie Brasco forget about
it.
Well I really like Donnie Brasco.
This is great this week.
I tell you it's quite a engineering there it's better the QM factor.
You've heard of the O'Reilly factor we got the QAM factor.
You can smell it.
But I'm seeing some pretty good flicks especially so far my real award winners Requiem
for a Dream and Happiness and they're I mean they're totally different although they're
both off the wall.
But I would say happiness might be even as good as Requiem for a Dream.
Wow well I can't wait that.
So these are two and again happiness is really you know the name of the movie is like it's
equivalent to passions.
Yeah.
You know because on passions they live in a town called Harmony where everybody hates
each other and where the whole purpose of the show is to like you know interfere with
other people's relationships and whatever.
It's a sarcastic title.
Exactly so Harmony is sarcastic and the same thing with happiness because everybody in
this movie is dysfunctional they can't get laid and they don't want to get laid and
they just in fact one of I will tell you one of the great scenes is John Philip what
else is name Philip Suza Philip Seymour Hoffman.
And his big fat Tubby Mexican woman who comes to the door I don't want to tell you too
much but there's a scene where the two of them finally wind up hopping on the bed.
Too big chubby.
I mean she's a tub and she said oh I'm fat and I'm ugly which he is and they hop on the
bed and they finally they just kind of like lie there looking around like what do we
do now and she turns off on her side looking away from him and he finally turns and looks
away from her and he just lies there.
It's great.
Can't wait.
It's great they get along kind of like the QAM family because by drift kind of like
that.
Here's a call from Miami hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I was looking at this story with these the Cuban guys who made it to Shory yesterday.
You know what's going on with that dude?
Did the people I guess the Coast Guard I think yesterday was the Fish and Wildlife?
Do they not have an obligation to try to intercept them or are they now just sitting
and watching people come to Shory?
No they just they they have a megaphone they out pick it up on it pick it up on it if
they see it then they let them come on in they they give them a high sign a high sign.
I don't know all right thank buddy.
Hey you listen you better catch on man before it's too late.
I think he's a little slow on the uptake you know he just doesn't get a little slow but
the men have been pepper sprayed after reportedly brandishing ors and weapons of hooting
a machete.
In fact they asked the one guy how you feel and we have to this long dangerous trip he said
I'm feel a little machete.
And approaching Coast Guard officers about two miles off Shory.
A fourth migrant to try to stay afloat boy Bina Boy but you can relate to this story.
A lot of them stuff to be taken aboard the Coast Guard vessel after jumping overboard and
of course the most important part of this under the wet foot dry foot policy Cuban migrants
who we sure are generally allowed to stay while those interdicted at sea are typically
sent back.
As the ocean gave way to shallow puddles one of the men lifted his arms to the sky pumping
his fist with joy.
A ride he said.
A ride.
Of course he ain't been in South Florida long enough to hate it yet.
Just wait just give him a couple of weeks.
Want to be something when people start swimming back?
Oh.
Around this time of year isn't it?
That's when everybody bills out of South Florida when they start seeing the skaters as
big as bowling balls.
Here's the facts I have not been able to find any evidence of the so called vote in
Broward County Commission.
There was a meeting schedule for yesterday but the topic of discussion was of plates not
the pay-puped act.
Ready for that?
He said nothing make your plates.
I think is what he meant.
Plates not the pay-puped act.
So again sir if you're right and you sounded very indignant over the fact that I wouldn't
believe him.
Did I call a Broward County Commission or wait I mean not the Sun Sentinel, not the
Harold, not the Palm Beach Post, not the weekly waiter, not mine, cough, nothing.
No publication that I can find has got anything and he speaks me to call based on every kind
of crap that people call him his radio show.
I don't believe you sir.
How do you like that?
The media are suppressing me and let me also ask you this.
How come every other city and county in a country where they pass similar resolutions
containing the pay-puped act parts one through one hundred?
How come that's all been in the media?
We haven't had any probably finding those.
Only in...
Yeah.
An addition to which since Broward County is one of the most liberal county in the whole
state does it make any sense that there'd be a problem with putting that in the Sun
Sentinel for example?
No.
No.
Here it is.
Here's what?
Well it's made up facts.
I'm going to send it to you.
Okay.
What publications is from?
Sun Sentinel.
Get out of here.
Here it comes.
Okay.
I checked it yesterday and I wait.
Before I passed any judgment and send anything I've checked again.
I scoured this morning the Sun Sentinel just to make sure that I didn't want to pick on
this guy and you've got it.
I'm on their website right now.
I don't see it.
Let me click on South Florida news.
Okay.
And see if there's anything about the Broward Commission.
New affordable housing in South Florida can displace the very poor.
Local headlines.
Let me click on Broward County.
Lohman claims to have knowledge about ambush murder of business van Bullis.
Broward and we checked Ole fans request for extra 30 million F cat failures from teaching
reforms in Broward.
By the way that's our education governor.
You know what I saw?
These kids are going to flunk.
Power line deal.
Sublifed by between Lauderdale neighborhoods and FPL.
Science experiments revise Columbia crash returns to the pines.
Broward School Board criticizes consultants for flaw building plan.
They the official checking managers ex expenditures.
And on and on it goes late search in Broward.
Cut deputy 1990 death.
There is nothing on here.
Absolutely not a not a word.
Students get less than African American heritage.
Speedy I wonder what you're giving that Mr. Ego.
Speeding drivers ignore calming devices in Southwest ranches.
Cooper City students plant roots of friendship with sister city.
And I mean there's eight million stories here and I then they could city.
And the facts machine is starting to make those gurgling sounds.
Now there's something in there moving.
Yeah, that's it.
Here it is.
I got it right here in my hand.
May 6th 11.59 PM.
So last night just before midnight.
You believe this?
I don't know.
How come how come it disappeared?
I was sound asleep by 11.59 PM last night.
Broward County Commission unanimously approved a resolution Tuesday protest in USA
pay connect and other measures described by critics violations are
freedoms protected by the Constitution.
Broward is the largest of a hundred areas nationwide to approve the resolution
according to the ACLU.
People don't know how in cities and intrusive some aspects of the pay connect are said
Damon Moglin National Field Coordinator of the ACLU.
But why is it that this is not on their website?
I mean, I'm sure if I go to this, you know, the URL on here, I can find it.
But why should I have to do that?
The resolution.
The resolution says the USA pay connect the domestic security enhancement act of 2003
and Florida's emergency health powers act threatened civil liberties by
expanding government's powers.
A government's ability to conduct sequence searches without warrants.
Is there a second page to this?
Yes.
Which you didn't bother fixing me?
Yes, I did.
Incoming in pieces in coming.
The Broward Commission and the County Commission affirms its strong.
That's the end of the first page opposition of terrorism.
I'm looking on here on this website and this is this is would you not agree with me?
This is a major story, especially an iPod rights to that guy by the way.
If he's listening, I'm sure he is.
Sorry, sorry, Mr.
Well, I mean, can you blame me if you can't find it on a website?
We found tiny little towns on the other side of the country.
We found right.
Sorry, I haven't been able to look for it this morning either, but oh, you still have your
connection?
No.
He's working on it.
How are we going to put up our bedtime stories?
Of course.
Here's another thing.
They don't give a crap about our website because it's something we do independently of them.
If we had to depend on that QM website, they might as well stick that on a goddamn wall
and throw fly paper at it.
I'll tell you this is the day marked today on the calendar Wednesday, May 7th.
This is the day the worm turned.
You can feel it.
Can you feel the worm?
Yeah, I have this matter fact.
Yeah, feel the worm.
It's turning.
It's squirming.
It's turning.
It's all over the place.
By the way, that movie happened is there's a lot of Warmeyankin in that movie.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, just frantic.
They're desperate to try to feel something.
I feel something right now.
Sicken my stomach from this first hour.
I can't believe this.
No, that's the way you believe it.
Let me say it again.
Broward County is the largest of 100 areas nationwide to approve the resolution
according to ACLU.
So that made the obviously in and of itself, it makes it a major story.
And now let me just click on South Florida.
New affordable housing, big sugar used cash and lobbies to weaken everglades clean up.
South Florida firm faces fines for false claim on diet foods.
Oh, I want to see that.
What the hell is that story?
The largest fine $10,000 against Susan's bakery of sunrise, the kids are selling apple
rings, apple turnovers, and other products that contain more sugar than advertised.
Remember that ice cream?
What was that ice cream that they were pedaling?
Oh, I remember what was needed that.
Uh oh.
Most of the products are sold in stores specializing in health and diet foods, although some
are sold in supermarkets.
Recent tests on products offered by the seven companies show that the labels did not
accurately reflect the contents of the products.
The companies were carbolite foods of Evansville, Indiana.
That's the first one listed here.
And that's got some more.
Huh.
Well, anyway, that's.
Wow, this is turning into one goddamn ugly day.
I'll tell you that right now.
What are the most pathetic creatures we have today on our pool?
62 votes so far.
Pretty lame, but I can understand sports talk will be 17 autographs, 15 people will watch
golf 12 talk show.
Chronic's nine big fat slom seven computer nerds, two and people will play golf.
None.
But if you watch golf, you're like in third place and moving up on a list.
So I'm hearing a fast machine clicking and clucking again.
So what I'm going to do and if we look at this break, say I can't, I can't catch a break
today.
We got this one teeny tiny short break coming up here now and I would have time.
I would, uh, you know, well, let me get ready to do that now.
Okay.
Okay.
So I can type this thing in and see if I can find it because this is not a meetup
thing.
Who the hell could make this thing up?
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And let me say it again.
I did see gas light.
Okay.
So I saw a gas light and you ain't no ingrid Bergman and I sure ain't no Charles Boyet.
All the way as French his hands are as big.
The Brad County Commission affirms it's strong opposition to terrorism.
It also affirms that any efforts to end terrorism should not be waged at the expense
of essential civil rights and liberties of the people of Brad County and the US
resolution.
I apologize profusely to that guy and thanks for calling professionals to drive concepts.
Once you knew I guarantee you, I'll bet you George Corso's life on it.
You never dream of calling anybody else.
Call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
I'll throw even in Bob the booth in there too.
1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website at broadconcept.com.
And of course it's true like I always tell you with broad concepts you can clean today
and entertain tonight.
Call them today and get your carpets in your allows looking sparkling like new 1-800-248-5071.
My life and look all this is 4205-60.
You ain't can way.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your blame.
Any questions?
Star's been stuck, a new subject, mystery of disease.
The outbreak is so bad that now I'm advisory.
It don't want you to travel to China just in place.
Did you have Chinese takeout?
You'd better leave some space.
Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me.
Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me.
10-2-5-60.
Guess what I just did?
I typed in the URL on here.
Yeah, me too.
And guess what it came up?
The story came up for you?
Didn't come up for me.
It said it's an outdated page.
Resolution opposing USA Patriot Act approved by a...
Here's the guy we want to apologize to profusely.
Hello?
Hey Neil Randy Flazer here.
I accept your apology.
But I'm also proud of your self-respect.
I hope you understand why I was skeptical because even in scouring for it now,
I still can't find it.
Because the media doesn't want to cover these things.
You know, this has been on the county's agenda before.
It's something I've been pushing because I put the resolution through.
And they pass it on the consent agenda of the USA to kind of flew under the radar.
But, you know, all the personal issues is beating on Miriam Olifan.
And they don't want to hear about anything that's going against the administration.
And they're just not publishing this.
I got an answer for the Patriot Act.
It's a hell of a lot more significant to the future of our lives than Miriam Stink and Olifan.
It absolutely is.
And the other thing that's in the resolution is about the Florida Emergency Health Powers Act.
Have you ever heard of that?
No.
But it just like your past this last May, May 2002, again under the radar in the dark of night.
And it basically says that Jeb, not his real name, can appoint health inspectors
that they can declare a health emergency or a potential health emergency.
They can force people to be vaccinated.
They can force people to be quarantined.
And then they can take their property.
And if that doesn't stink of brown shirts, then I don't know what does.
So, you know, this is something that people are totally unaware of.
Nobody on the planet knows about the Emergency Health Powers Act.
And that they can do this over SARS or anything else they want to do.
I mean, I realize how parochial software is.
But when you've got a story that's this big, and the AP says,
the largest of 100 areas nationwide to approve the resolution greatly is the ALU,
and you can't find this story.
And when you go through the search of all of the brown stories and local stories,
and you still can't find it, there's something really, really smells at the Sunsendler.
Something really, and the Harold too.
What does my call them both yesterday to see if they were working on it?
What do they say?
They're too busy.
They already got a story on the commission yesterday about Miriam.
Because Miriam had, you know, back problems she'd been showing up.
So that's the big story.
That's the story.
But I think the Patriot Act is insidious.
I think people need to know that the government can start spying on them.
And one of the things that they can do only peep to the resolution,
and I'll try and get you the resolution later this morning,
is that it says that Broward County is not going to let BSO interrogate people without due process.
Hides them away in prisons without telling anybody.
And say that that's okay, because the Fed says it's okay.
It also protects the library employees.
Because under the Patriot Act, they can do surveillance.
Right.
Investigations are what, you know, books people are checking out.
And if the librarians say anything to anybody, they can be prosecuted.
And it says the county is going to stand by county employees,
and they're not going to let, you know, this less than due process investigations go forward.
Thanks again for bringing it to my attention.
Thank you, Neil.
You're welcome.
I emailed it to you just so you have it.
Okay.
Sir, can you believe this?
No, this is a scandalist.
This is one of the most grotesque events in the history of South Florida,
like their embarrassed by it.
This must be reporting the news, not whether they were embarrassed by it.
Now, this is a major, major, epic news story, and both newspapers.
They're here, I don't know if it's even in there at all.
I don't even know if you'll find it in there at all.
Probably not.
But the Sun-Central bear is in here somewhere.
And like I said, I'll go on their website again here now.
And if you can tell me where I could find it, I just let you affect somebody with, like,
step by step how to find it.
How is the average person going to do that?
Good luck.
This should have been on the front freaking page.
This is a, not of the local section of the, of the front section.
Every other of these hundred areas in the country that has passed a similar resolution,
we've been able to find it.
We've talked about it.
We put them on our website.
By the way, speaking of putting stuff on our website, how's that coming?
Yeah, we're up.
Just got up.
There you go.
Carl, a little hammer just got it up.
There you go.
Let's see.
To find it the normal way, click on South Florida.
Okay, here we go.
I clicked on South Florida.
I'm on the website right now.
You got it?
Let's do this together.
All right.
Scroll down to recent Broward story.
Recent Broward stories.
Oh my God.
So you, oh, look at this.
You want to know what this is?
This goes to show you how desperately they wanted to hide this.
It's, it's timed 11.59 p.m.
by associate of press last night.
So they would probably claim that it was, uh, because it was on May 6th.
That it's a Tuesday story.
Okay.
Do you want to say yes?
It's a story from yesterday.
But it was never any yesterday's newspaper because it happened yesterday.
Now what do I do?
Go down to a 506 stories.
Where the hell is that?
Recent Broward story.
Where do I find that?
I can't find it.
Anybody that would have to go through this.
Broward County.
I don't see a thing that says recent Broward.
Oh, wait, the other is way down at the bottom.
Recent Broward.
You got to be kidding me, man.
You talk about bearing something.
We had a, I just found some weapons of mass destruction.
We got a better chance of finding those underneath.
Oh, you're asking there that we got to find.
And look at what now ads are coming up.
Ads.
Which I don't want to see.
Okay. Now go down to five six.
Uh, May 7th.
Uh, that's six.
Okay.
Resolution opposing USA Patriot Act.
There it is.
I finally got my thing up.
How do you like that?
Only took me five minutes.
Oh.
Should be on the front page of your Goddamn newspaper.
You idiots at the Sun Central.
You lunatics.
You morons.
You simple things.
No wonder the people in South Florida,
their middle name is,
but remember like that.
With the kind of crap that they get passed off for news in that town.
Who are you kidding me?
Huh?
You people at the Sun Central.
I hope you have gag on it.
Okay.
Somebody got the issue of gag order on you.
And let me say it again.
The most liberal county in the entire state.
It certainly deserves to have this played up.
That would be a big story.
But no.
We stick it on there right around midnight time.
And when the clock, uh, the big hand hits the little hand.
Well, now that was yesterday news.
Right.
Is if they don't have plenty old news already.
Like most of jikas crap.
Maybe nobody will notice.
And Michael Mayo.
Oh, you ought to see Michael Mayo's farewell column before he went on his trip to
France yesterday.
You'd cry to read that.
You'd cry.
To think that here's the guy that's writing a column and supposedly a major market newspaper.
It's enough to make you weep.
It's so lame.
Tragic.
But he loves his country.
And that's good.
Mike, if I don't come back to it, okay.
Just stay over there.
Have a good time.
Have some of that Jew food in France.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
What kind of insanity are we talking about here?
I just tore the story up too.
We got a frustration once.
I know how to find it.
I have a two or three spare hours.
I'll do it.
Do it again.
Here's a call from Hialeah.
Hello.
Wait a second.
I'll tell you what.
Yeah.
How?
How?
Why is it Hialeah?
We bother with him.
He'll hear it.
I don't know.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
This country is turning to a fashion country now.
It's no hope.
Yeah.
Have you seen the center by it from what's the ring?
Can you see it?
Can you see it?
Have you seen what?
Senator Buyers.
What a bottom.
What a bottom.
Senator Buyers not from West Virginia.
Senator Buyers not from West Virginia.
Buyers not from West Virginia.
Yeah.
He's quite from the country.
He's a good senator.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Well, move to West Virginia.
Okay, he's also 400 years old.
We got a Senator Buyers to run our website,
which you'll get those bedtime stories up eventually.
But don't blame Hitler Jr.
It's so he had a late start.
What the hell was that guy's story?
Oh, was that one of those guys that got off the boat yesterday?
Congratulations, amigo.
Welcome, man, baby.
You'll fit in perfect like a, we're like OJ's glove.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T.
And you notice that the guy who called us Randy,
he's the guy that, you know, pushed for this resolution.
So he knew about it because he was involved in it.
Nobody else knew about it because nobody else saw it.
Nobody else heard from it.
Here's Pembroke Park.
Hello.
Hey, you know, yeah, I just told him I could say, yeah,
that story was on there, but it ain't there no more.
What do you mean by that?
The story about them fighting the Patriot Act.
No, you have to look at yesterday's story.
That's what I'm saying.
They did that thing at 1159.
And then it's the other way that it was on there for a minute.
Yeah.
Nice.
But that's why I held on.
I, this respectful to hang up on you, sir.
It certainly would be.
Thank you, sir.
What do you say?
560560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
We got three more Cubans in town.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Let's hear it.
That's what we're doing.
Right.
It means we got three more people going to be driving very soon on the highways and byways in
Dave County.
Very soon.
And accident waiting to happen.
I mean, it's probably as we speak.
Probably.
Yeah.
In the car right now, listen to the radio, mom, be.
How many stuck?
How many is that?
A boy.
You go, boy.
Don't forget the movie happiness.
Go out and get it today.
Please.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, boy.
Hello.
Hi, Elliot.
It's going to be another one.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, let me ask you though, how do you prevent a terrorist attack from happening unless you
spy on people?
I mean, it's one thing to investigate it after it happens, but it's to prevent something
from happening.
Unless you spy on people doing what?
Well, you know, you look for things, you know, it's probably be something that has a
multiple, some of them, some of them, that you recently immigrated from an Arab country.
Some of you goes to a radical e-mom.
And so on and so forth, you know, right now.
But that's not what the Patriot Act says.
That it doesn't restricted to some Muslims who just came from some radical country that reads
terrorists.
That's not what it says.
What does that have to do with checking out what books you check out in the library or what
videos you read at Blockbuster?
What does that have to do with that?
Well, it's all the old pieces that they put together, like, less than anything you check
out a book on making a lot of buildings.
Yeah, like that.
And a little bit more.
Let me ask you how long has that information been on the internet?
How many years has all that stuff?
How to make bombs?
How many years has that been on there?
You're right, man.
You're right, Neil.
It's not easy to...
Sir, if you're willing, if you're that foolish and at the easy, that you're willing to give
up all of your personal liberties or most of them under the guise of, well, we're looking
for terrorists, then I feel sorry for it.
That's not the kind of country I want to live in.
Well, I don't think we're giving up that much.
I mean, I'd rather not be like that.
Can you read the Patriot Act, sir?
Do you know what it says?
Well, I know certain pertinent things they change, like, before the FBI could not even
pen public meetings, even even if only if they thought there was a firm like that.
And that's the essence of the Patriot Act.
Is there a way to put it in ten?
There's many parts of it.
Well, what I would do if I was you, sir, I would go to the internet and do some reading,
okay?
Before calling into a talk show and start defending with wild generalizations about how wonderful
it's going to be and how it's the only way they're going to catch terrorists in the
out of your body.
Which by the way, if we got a summer yet, how sad I'm do we got him yet?
No.
But we got some of these guys from the deck of cards.
We got the Ace of Spades, baby.
Five, five, six, seven, oh, thank God it's Wednesday, man.
Oh, brother.
TGI, W.
W.
How do you like that?
That's just him.
I just hit myself in the face with that.
124 votes on the survey.
Who had the most pathetic creatures, sports stock groupies, 34, autographed, pounds, 25, people
who watch golf, 22, talk show, chronic's 20, big fat, slob, 17, computer nerds, five, and people
who play golf won.
We haven't put Hitler, junior, right?
Yeah, because he's getting nervous.
It's little Hitler.
I don't want you to go changing it now.
Oh, is that what I said?
Little Hitler?
He said, yeah, it has a nice sound to it.
Yeah, it did have a good sound.
It was kind of like little Havana, right?
Little like the little general like the polian.
Here's one that says, oh, oh, here's a good one.
We're going to add this on here immediately.
Vince from Jacksonville, the most pathetic creatures, log cabin Republicans, and you are absolutely
correct.
We've got your thumb right on the Vince.
Get that on there right away, Eric, please.
Don't give us any slack today, Eric.
We're not in the mood for it.
Okay.
Get that on there right away.
Immediately.
Log cabin Republicans.
Oh, I did like log cabin maple syrup.
Mm-hmm.
I think they still make that.
Don't they?
I think so.
Mm-hmm.
That's good stuff.
All of it's not nearly as good as that blueberry and the boys and barrier.
Right.
The eye hop.
Mm-hmm.
Not syrup.
Just doused those crispy cream donuts with good, boys and very syrup.
Can you make some whipped cream on top of that?
Good.
With some cherries and shaved almonds.
Mm-hmm.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for Rise and World of Slime.
This audience is obviously whipped up into a frenzy about that story about the Patriot Act and about the Brown County Commission being buried in both local newspapers.
You know something folks, I've told you for 27 years plus you get what you deserve and the state of Florida and South Florida in particular get what they deserve.
When we got all the enters in Palm Beach County voting for Pat Buchanan.
When we got people who like get buffaloed by the Jeb Bush, Mysterion and reward him for helping to steal the presidential election and screw up the God damn DCF and the education system in the state.
By overwhelmingly putting a back in there for another term, you get what you deserve and you deserve what you get.
So I can tell you Florida's a state with a death wish.
It's the state of the even smell of creeping death. I've talked about that for a long time.
Smell it.
What other code did you thought it was most bagged? They'd left in the hallway.
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello.
Tom Gustafson.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I have a Mary Mollafont sighting. Her back isn't her. She actually took on a second job at 7-11.
Yeah, 7-11 over here in Federal Highway.
Okay, great. 5-6-7-0560, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Not even 10-30 yet. Not even 5-30, man.
I have 10 and they have no material.
You just keep, you're way through life, man. You just keep doing it.
And then one day you'll wake up and say, how do we get to this point? What's just happened here?
When I was a busy sleeper, I had my finger inserted deep in my rectum.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going, man?
Okay.
Yeah, the reason I was calling is I was reading the paper. The whole thing would push and the big sugar getting pushed off.
Even though the Republicans and the Republicans were fighting it, that damn big sugar thing.
And he wanted to do it, pushed it off for 20 years, and have to clean up.
God damn, everything is for the other 20 years now.
Because of big sugar.
Yeah, you see that in the paper? Yes, I did, sir. I saw it.
You got the DCS. You know, you got Miriam Allefon asking for $30 million so she could get up some more.
Sorry. I was reading on one of your sites on my store and I know I cursed.
What do you say?
Yeah, I was reading.
We didn't hear anything. We saw it.
Yeah, I didn't really curse that deep.
Didn't it? Damn. I was one of your links on your website.
And you know, all you damn people that voted for Bush, you think Bush is such a great guy.
You know, what is it that acronym?
Do you see that? Neil's called rhinos Republicans in name only.
You know, any of you people there to the left of Genghis Khan as you put it in the up.
The Republicans don't want you. They'll ban it to you to get your vote, but they don't want you.
They don't give it damn about you.
Liss your rich and white and right wing.
And Harble, something. Don't forget that man.
Yeah, you're talking about you'll wake up and we'll say what happened.
I've been awake. I've been doing it for three years now.
I woke up and I said, what the hell is going on?
I feel like I've been in a three year nightmare.
Do I have a friend of mine before saying, you know, with Clinton, you know, Clinton,
slash the military so bad that we don't have any smart bombs.
What the hell have we been using on the Iraq and Afghanistan?
What the hell have we been doing?
What the hell have we been using on the Afghanistan?
What the hell have we been using on the Afghanistan?
What the hell have we been using on the Afghanistan?
What the hell have we been using on the Afghanistan?
What the hell have we been using on the Afghanistan?
What the hell have we been using on the Afghanistan?
Onvoy, Dubbs, US, the police state.
The strange relations between Germany and the US took a turn for the worst yesterday.
I'm going to tell you like you said to me before the show this morning.
You understand the stuff, you struts up everywhere.
No, that's what the little hoover said.
No, but you said that when Germany starts calling your police,
they then you know you really got some serious problems.
They ought to know.
The strange relations between Germany and the US took a turn for the worst yesterday.
After a senior Berlin diplomat was reported to told foreign ministry colleagues
that America was turning into a police state and he is...
Absolutely correct sir.
The comments of Jurgen Turebog,
the state secretary reported in the German focus magazine,
threatened to disrupt intense diplomatic efforts to repair the relationship
between Gerhard Schroeder, the chancellor, and President Bush.
Err Turebog, you said,
given a blistering critique of US-Derman relationship during the annual meeting
of German ambassadors,
complaining that America was restricting more and more its civil liberties at home.
And he's right.
The German government said that Err Turebog's comments had been misrepresented,
but at least one participant was struck by the distant, even skeptical told he used
when talking about the US administration.
The US embassy sensing another scandal brewing was unhappy.
If true, someone's made a big mistake a diplomat said,
and that's right, they're going to be on the list next, okay?
If they thought we did WW2 was bad,
just wait till we see what we do next with them smart bombs and dumb bombs, etc. and so on.
By the way, for your viewing and perusing pleasure,
don't forget 10 o'clock on Wednesday, May 14th, the week from today on IFC,
is going to be a recommend for a dream.
And also, tomorrow night at 9 p.m. on PBS, somebody faxed this on a front line on PBS.
Whether you play the market, it's called the Wall Street fixes, and they're on the segment.
Whether you play the market and listen to the advice of Wall Street,
and you're in the millennial bubble years,
whether you placed your money in the hands of a fund manager and tuned it all out,
chances are you lost a bundle when the bubble burst.
Absolutely correct.
Nearly everyone did it says here.
That's why when the chairman of the SEC and the Attorney General of New York looked into the cameras last week,
and talked about restoring investors' faith and confidence,
even as they charged some of Wall Street's biggest firms with fraud,
and announced a historic $1.4 billion settlement they were referring to out of us.
Says, what have we learned from the seemingly endless scandals that have rocked Wall Street
and shaken the markets for the past two years?
This week, in Wall Street Fixed Thursday, May 8th, and 9 p.m. to run out on PBS,
Frontline looks inside the culture of Wall Street and the world of investment banking,
investigating the hidden relationships between the streets' biggest bank, City Group,
and the bubble's most spectacular failure, World Com.
Focusing on the straight behind World Com's incredible rise and fall,
and the relationship between its CEO Bernie Ebers and City Group star Telecom analyst Jack Robyn,
correspondent, Headrich Smith shows how Wall Street drove the Telecom boom,
pocketing enormous profits and took millions of investors on a ride that eventually caused
$2 trillion in losses on World Com and other Telecom stocks,
$2 trillion with ATR, okay?
Not million, not billion, $2 trillion, small potatoes, right?
That's Frontline of Arnit, 9 o'clock PBS.
Just mention that in passing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Point and B, chill out.
Yes, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you were talking about an article in the New Zealand Herald last week by Ian Masters.
I don't know if you remember, I was trying to find where I could locate that.
Yeah, I'm sure it's on our website.
It's on your website?
Yeah, if you just go to the, what do we call that?
The features and you go to the previous days, right?
Just scroll through there and you'll find it.
Oh, ready.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, somebody is sending us a draft resolution on the USA Patriot Act.
This must be our friend I called before, which is very long.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
A resolution of the Broward County Commissioners of Broward County affirming the civil rights of all residents of Broward County,
whereas Broward has a diverse population, including students working people and on citizens,
whose contribution to the community are vital to its character and function,
and the US Congress passed the Uniting and Strengthening America by the Patriot Act.
October 26, 2001 in Khozana.
We believe these civil liberties are precious and may be threatened by the USA Patriot Act,
which reduces judicial supervision of telephone internet surveillance,
expands the government's ability to conduct secret searches without warrants,
grants power to the Secretary of State to designate domestic groups as terrorist organizations,
grants power to the Attorney General of Subject non-citizens to indefinite detention
or deportation even if they haven't committed a crime,
grants the FBI access to sensitive medical, mental health,
financial and educational records about individuals without having the sure evidence of a crime,
and grants the FBI the power to compel libraries and bookstores to produce circulation
or purchase records of their patrons and forbids disclosure that such records have been requested and produced.
And so Broward Khozana resolves the Broward County Commission to affirm the rights of all people,
including the US citizens and citizens of other nations, within the county and accordance with the Bill of Rights
and the 14th Amendment of the Constitution.
And the Broward County Commission calls upon all county officials and employees
to respect the civil rights and liberties of all members of this community,
including those who are citizens of other nations and Yadi-Adi and Akhosa.
Nice going, boys.
Oh! Like I said, too bad nobody knows about it.
Shh!
Not necessarily. This is, and all the goofballs there on the phone, you know.
All the idiots, you know, there comes a day and a time in your life when you have to like find a brain,
some, I know it may take a search party,
but you people in South Florida between the searching for the God damn early bird and searching for a life
and playing freaking golf, and worried about who, what the ball score was from last night.
What was the score for, too?
I mean, you know, you better get a life, better get with it.
Wake up and sniff the God damn daffodils in the dandelions and even some of the pansies, too,
before it's too God damn late.
And you wonder why the electorate is so freaking God damn stupid in the U.S.?
What kind of a market is it?
What kind of newspapers are we talking about that's something of this significance
isn't on the front page and you couldn't find this with a search party today.
Well, I had to go through just to locate that damn thing on our Stink and Crapie S website,
and of course the Herald's website.
They got stuff from like, you know, went to Lula Bankhead was visiting town.
From a hundred years ago, they got stuff about Mr. Flagler and how he's building that railroad.
How's it coming?
Oh, it's coming along. Henry said it's really coming.
Henry Burrow.
Oh, not Henry Flagler.
Oh my God.
What a crack a crap.
Just one more reason I'm so ecstatic not to be in South Florida.
All the way. Do we have to check him out?
And checking him out on the web obviously doesn't do me any good anyhow.
Well, what I'm curious about if somebody has a physical copy since this was on their website
at 11.59 last time and then disappeared in one minute.
If somebody has a physical, what newspaper would you find this in?
Do you see what I'm saying?
Right.
Was it in yesterday's paper?
No.
Of course not because it happened yesterday.
Does this have a time on it when this happened?
Probably not.
I'm looking.
No, I don't see any time on it.
But it happened at their meeting yesterday and of course the paper goes to bed of the night before.
So it certainly wasn't in their newspaper yesterday.
I'm curious if somebody has a physical copy of the SunCentral Day.
If this story is anywhere in that newspaper, okay.
I want you to scour page by page in between all the full page ads for douchebags, whatever else they're peddling today.
And see if this story merits one word in the SunCentral or Dmyme hero.
And I have my doubts about it.
Okay, probably not.
And that in itself is a scandal.
And of course where you're going to read about that, you won't read about it in the newspapers because they're sure I'm going to take a shot of themselves.
Oh, we screwed up.
Right.
It slipped through the cracks.
They're all whipped up into a frenzy of the Harold about Mr. Ego there and he said the end word and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And he's a made get off the, who gives a crap about that nonsense?
Okay, it's baby crap.
It's baby Schmidt.
Which is one more reason why Florida continues to be the laughing stock, the place where we had the hanging chads and the old Yenthism Palm Beach voting for Pat Buchanan and the butterfly ballot and the stolen election and on and on and on.
It goes to never got them ends because it's a disgrace.
I think back to that first week on a year on KT.
I think back to this morning at the 9 o'clock, trying to get on the year here and do an radio show.
Trying to get the equipment working in this horse and buggy place.
It's it's a joke.
I take back what I said years ago about something about it being a bush league town.
That's an insult to all the bush league places in the world.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's whatever is 10 steps below Bush league.
That's off Florida.
And especially the media are freaking disgrace.
1027 at 560.
I can't find my copy.
I'm so worked up into a freaking frenzy here.
Oh, here it is.
I don't want to be doing the wrong spot.
Yeah, you know what the problem is.
Am I in a right hour?
Who knows who cares?
What did I do it in the first break?
Viener Boy.
Did we take the first break?
I'm just looking at that.
No.
I don't know what I was thinking we ever did.
I'm just going to work up here.
Now I know wonder I can't find what I'm doing.
I never took the goddamn break.
We're up against the goddamn wall now, man.
No, we got plenty of we can fit them in.
Well, no, the bills are a little bit tight.
Wow.
I don't I think maybe I did that once before for like a minute or two.
But now we're like, uh, why did I do something?
Screw it.
Too bad.
We don't really care.
You know, Mother's Day is coming up this Sunday in the
folks at Vermont, Teddy Bear have been busy hand making some great new bears.
Your mom, wife, grandma deserves something extra special this year.
Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic from
Montana.
She'll get a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered
with a free card and gourmet candy in a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears like the spa ma bear.
Mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear.
And don't forget, Dad, it's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother in
Cub said is perfect.
Add as many cubs as you need with their names embroidered on the outfits.
A lot more creative and thoughtful than flowers and this gift is going to last a
lifetime.
So call 1-800-829-Bair and a friendly bear, council will help you tailor a bear just for
her.
So she'll know you put some real thought into your gift this year.
You won't believe the great reaction you're going to get and ordering is quick and easy too.
Call this tool free number 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
This year's tech bomb for all she does for you with a Vermont teddy bear called
Tool Free 1-800-829-BEAR.
My My and locals, this is 425-16.
Way to go.
You fudge back him?
Introducing a medication that targets my grain pain where it starts, actually changing the
way the nerve functions.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
The pain dead in its tracks.
Ask your doctor about new chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
Chisolamine alfetta hydrosopropens.
But this today, what we saw in a way of journalism and stuff, or this is scandalous.
This is a major goddamn story.
It's the largest place in America so far that's passed this kind of resolution.
But somehow, neither one of your local newspapers decided it's important enough to put in their news pages today.
I would just love to physically go through both newspapers and find all the swill that they found room to put in today.
But they didn't have room to put that in there.
Here's something good.
Some great deals from our friends Tom Laman and Joe Paredo at Hell at Pontiac GMC.
Some great Neal deals.
Here's Neal deal number one.
Waiting for you right now at Hell at Kid 0% financing for 60 months and every Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neal deal number two.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
Let me say it again because it sounds too bit to be true, but it ain't.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
And Neal deal number three.
If you're currently a GMC smart leaser smart by customer and you drive a Chevy Blazer,
or is it a Vado or GMC Jimmy by or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get yourself an extra $1,000 off the price.
Stop by Hell at and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix.
Hell at Pontiac GMC you'll find it at 134.01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across from the fall through like a landmark in South.
They did it in there for over 35 years.
Open every day seven days a week.
For more information on the Neal deals, call the Neal deal hotline tool free 1-88-534-4211.
That's 1-88-534-4211 and don't forget all Neal deals submitted to credit approval.
See Neal deal for details.
Hell at Pontiac GMC believe it when they say we are professional grade.
I'm at the local of this.
This is Vice City.
The radio's on your side.
Q&A.
This is people piss me out.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
This is a real deal.
To attract attention
10.39.21.11.5.60.
I'm really effed up Wednesday here, but it's one of them things we got our big noon to
one hour today.
Thank you, God.
The Lord.
Thank goodness for that.
We never survived it.
My dog will be a long a one, Hank at 3 to 6.30 and then we got the Marlon game, John
to the Marlins at P.P. Park for game number two.
They lost four, two last night to Marlins, but what can I tell you?
At least they're consistent.
Eddie Kate follows the baseball game and Joe and Mark in the dark overnight, two to
six.
And then of course in the morning, it's Mullen Geldy back to start it all over again.
Our good post personal buddy, the Mole Meister.
Remember him?
Who cares?
So Duffrod and both papers and and I'm scouring them almost all the way through the Sun
Sentinel and still nothing.
I mean, I do only one who finds this rotation and nauseating.
See if I actually had that paper, well, I got the National Post, that's worth puking
it.
Here you go.
I got that right here.
I'm going to, here we go.
Okay, and I just pretend that it was the Sun Sentinel and the Hero.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Yeah, lots about Mary Mollafon.
And we already, we're on to her, but it's really interesting though that her supporters
are going to have plenty of, plenty of fuel to add to their case because there were the
obsession that the immediate has with Miriam Allafon down there is just a little bit, how
come they're not equally concerned in Palm Beach County with Theresa LaPore, for example,
or with Catherine Harris, who's too busy now being a Congress lady or whatever the hell
she is.
Don't forget our cobbles contest.
You just emailed me another picture, but I couldn't get it.
I couldn't get it to a download.
Okay.
I'm just telling you, was it something I missed?
There might have been two on that one.
There were two.
There were two because the first one I, one of the two is, has an error on it.
I had the same problem with the same thing.
Oh, geez.
Say, listen, of all days, don't miss me today, okay, on the computer.
I'm not Mr. Computer Wizard like you are Hitler.
So don't, I'm, I'm, I'm just, just Hitler, okay, I don't have time for little Hitler.
Should I check that local section again because I sure didn't see it the first time?
Go ahead, check, scour it, man.
See how really careful here.
Don't forget logoutiniragers.com email us.
You a picture of yourselves, all your couples out there with your significant other.
And you've got till May 15th, the week from tomorrow at end of your pictures.
And then that week from the 15th to the 22nd, we'll have all the pictures up there in
the audience can vote on who they think is the hottest couple of them all.
And then at the end of the 22nd, couple of most votes wins.
Three days to the night stay for two at the Royal Oasis Resort in Casino in the Bahamas,
including round trip airfare on Lake Array and second prize.
The runner up gets into front to the pizza lot.
What's, what's not to like, right?
Right?
1042 at 560 WQM lots of calls about that movie, happiness too, you know what I'm saying?
No, no, that's okay.
We already got, I already learned my lesson on that the first few days we talked about
this.
I'm not, if they want to call fine, if not, that's all right too.
But thanks whoever called that one in and a lot of other good movies too.
I got them all in the other room.
I got the game.
I got the, what's the one Glenny, Glenlin, Jenny, Gary, Gary Ross?
Whatever that is.
I got the one with Ethan Hawke, what's that one?
The, Gatica?
Gatica.
Yeah, he's yelling, Gatica, Gatica.
1042 at QA, I'm, hey don't forget, my mother's day is just around a corner just a few days
away, a perfect time to repay mom who spent so many sleepless nights praying and hoping
and up all night that you might just come back home.
Battle mattress has got the perfect mattress for your mom.
If it's sagging, lumpier, just worn out and your mattress too, then pick up the phone
and call 1-800-MACRUS.
That's what I always do and it works.
That's the number for dial amacris, the hooky up with the best SIRTA, C.D. King, Coral and
Simmons exactly when you're looking for his in stock ready for immediate delivery.
You don't want mom sleeping on something sagging, lumpier, that you wouldn't put your ass
on, I don't blame her.
Nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel every day, they're getting a great
night's sleep.
Dial amacris gets more repeat and referral customers than anybody.
I tell you this all the time because it's true and the reason that's the cases because
they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you buy amacris from dial amacris, you'll never ever go back to wasting your time,
money and effort and a showroom again.
And don't forget when you buy amacris from dial amacris, they set up the new one and take
away the crappy old vetting for free.
That's correct, dial amacris sets up your brand new one and takes away the soiled nasty
stained old vetting for free.
So this mother's day, have mommy sleeping like a baby on a new bed from dial amacris and
don't forget gift certificates available on all the nominations too.
So call right now, toll free 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MACRUS for dial amacris, the intelligent way to get you a great night's
sleep.
I'll get off this instant.
Welcome back to the highly rated Moe Howard and David are to show, hooding to my own
home.
I'm going to watch that again today, you know, I have to.
I have the need to watch that again.
Sarah Goldfarb, I need to see old Sarah, I need to hook up with Sarah again today and also
with Jared Lido, I'd like to hook up with him.
Lime.
Are you on something, mom?
Put grind in your teeth, mom.
Here it is.
Thank you.
Kill the music.
County planning to reject all of fans budget requests.
Now this is on page something B, which is the local section inside the Sun Sentinel.
And it's got the county commission, it's got like a little rundown inside the big story
about Mary Mollafant and the third thing, another action, approved a resolution in
urging Congress to closely monitor the federal government's use of the USA Paytooth Act.
The resolution also has federal enforcement agencies to disclose the names of any detainees
suspected of terrorism.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's all you got.
You know something, Sarah, some of you people at the Sun Sentinel ought to be in jail
right now.
Okay.
In fact, I'm going to call my contacts in a White House.
I'm going to call Miss Fudge.
I'm going to call everybody I know in a world.
I'm going to get you people your ass in jail because you're a goddamn disgrace to the
human race, bearing a story like that.
This has been Airby Airby, I do that.
I'm speechless.
Airby other place it's been, including Pooh Dog Towns.
Right.
Here is the biggest place, a county of two million people that passes this resolution
and we can't wait.
And nobody's going to see that.
If it weren't for this program, nobody would know about it.
So we're going to thank that guy.
What that was named Randy.
Yes.
Thanks, Randy.
For the efforts in getting this thing through in a first place and secondly, bring it
to our attention, even though we poo pooed in a first.
And now does anybody wonder why I failed to believe this?
Huh?
I found it a little bit hard to believe when they bury it and a goddamn page when nobody
is going to find it.
It is so hard.
To believe that even two newspapers that even the fish don't want to be wrapped in, that
even the bird doesn't want to do its droppings on in the cage, even two papers that bad,
they can be so inept to just drop the ball on this.
And I think he's right.
I think that they just don't, they want us to be seen as goose stepping right in the line.
They don't want to alienate anybody, especially certain people that don't want to mention
no names.
Right.
That crowd.
But with anything that's perceived as bush bashing or not goose stepping along, I do
have that story which I think I'm going to use in the next hour.
Show it on with the FCC, the one from TomPain.com.
Because that's coming up real soon, wasn't it?
I'm up the way now.
It's you in a second.
When it give away when the Michael Powell gives away the keys to the kingdom to the
Chief Channel.
I got news for you boys and girls.
You ought to kiss the radio right now.
I'm not patting myself on the back, but they're only a handful of us, a handful.
You can count on a finger to one hand of voices that are doing anything to try to get you
any information that isn't just the party line.
And that's why just like I said, the New York Times, another piece of crap.
What they have done to the city that I'm sitting in right now, what they've done to Toronto,
and that's why all these wild, sour stories really pissed me off because they got a major
crisis in China.
There's no question about that.
A major, and why do they have a major crisis because those commonists are over there.
They hit it in the first place.
They lied.
They tried to pretend that if they lied about it, it would just go away.
And then they exported it.
But the fact of the matter is here in Toronto, they're not even talking about it anymore
for the most part.
It's not a problem here now.
And the New York Times, every time the lady in Ireland, did she really have SARS?
No.
She never was even really in Toronto come to find out.
The kid over there in Lakeland, did he have SARS?
No.
The three guys in Vegas, did they have SARS?
No.
And the New York Times and everybody else, it seems, the more hysterical the stories they
are, the more they want to splice them in the headlines and put this crap out there.
So the public can be like a bunch of little George Corso's and Miguel, uh, ex-Avory is whatever
his name is.
Runnin' around Escobars.
Sounds like a drug dealer to me.
The kind of people we got, when I, when I, when I won't get in here, another guy
named Escobar.
What does that tell you about QAIMA?
Does you better watch yourself, I think?
Better watch who you piss off on that joint.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Yes, Neil, good morning.
Good morning.
I wanted to mention that you, um, we talked about Joe Alito.
He's in a movie called Panic Room with Jodie Foster.
Okay.
And you might enjoy that.
He's got a flaky in that kind of on the edge.
Also another point I want to make to, it's, it's me and you and my wife and a couple of
people, I know the only people that are outraged about what's going on.
I don't understand why people have evidently, evidently.
I mean, I always say that South Florida is La La land, but, but to try to find people that
are just really pissed off about this stuff and just, and like they got to call me before
well, you know, we, we got to give up some of our freedoms and the way to fight terrorism.
What kind of crap is that?
No, I mean, it's, it's, why are people out screaming in the streets and smashing their
television sets and talking their, their, their, their, their, their, their, their,
but I'm giving you a great example of how the, the American people have been so conditioned
to being a bunch of weak sisters.
I said after this scandal started breaking with Enron and global crossings, all these
other, uh, bogus investment schemes.
I said, I don't understand why there isn't revolution in the streets.
I mean, people have lost their life savings.
People who are going to be tyranny or to have lost their entire life savings.
They're going to have to work until they croak to try to eke out an existence.
And yet there's no like mass hysteria.
There's nobody pissed off.
There's nobody organized.
I don't get it.
Imagine being 70, 68 or 70 years old work all your life, you and your wife, you got your
plans made for retirement or win a bagel or whatever, you know, go spend the last
couple years of your life doing something you want to do.
And suddenly you, you, you check out and you ain't got to die.
And there's no one this was, this responsible or accountable for it.
I mean, what do these people do?
I mean, guy, you know, thank God I'm a little bit, I'm young enough to be able to get,
you know, continue working.
But if you're, you know, you're working the same place all your life, that's all
you know, you can't go out, you know, you're not ready for the marketplace.
Right.
Well, anyway, thanks, Neil and, and keep up the good work.
And some of us, please get our raise.
This is ridiculous.
Thanks, pal.
Okay, we're pissed off, man, a few of us, not too many.
The masses out there.
It's maneuver like that.
But so few of us, right, a few of us at a rest of the people, you know, they're
still worried about the early bird and how sea more doing and all the other usual crap.
Hmm.
What am I going to do?
I'm just on this radio station.
Am I going to make a different?
No, I'm going to say something.
No, what's the point?
Just get back to your silly movies and your fun and games and your hot couples contest.
You got the crap.
That's right.
Quit losing, you know, I guess we're supposed to talk about the Boston Globe
column is hit by newspaper with suspension for saying that the, the, the jocks wife ought
to be slapped.
Jason kid.
Somebody need a smacker.
I heard Mogen all whipped up and evidently when more worked in Boston, he must have
owned this guy, Bob Ryan.
I never heard of Bob Ryan.
And I lived in Boston for two years, but I guess that's before he wrote for the Globe.
That's a long time ago back in the early 60s.
But I never heard of Bob Ryan.
I couldn't give a flying crap lesson about Bob Ryan.
What does he have to do with my life with the price of peanuts?
What does he have to do with anything?
You know, Bob Ryan?
Who?
I know Frank Ryan used to play quarterback for the Cleveland Browns.
All number 13.
I know a little bit about sports, but I sure tell him no Bob Ryan.
And according to Mo, if you don't know Bob Ryan, he must be stupid.
Well, I guess I'm stupid.
Now here's the Randy Fax.
This is just a copy of the resolution which I have.
Thanks Randy.
Good work by the way.
But to see them bury this the way that they did.
Seriously, there's somebody ought to be calling you people ought to be on the phone
right now with a son sent on the Miami Hill wondering how asking demanding.
No, how come they're managing the news the way they are?
If they've been bought and sold, lots stock and peril by the God damn push
administration, why they're goose stepping in line and not reporting the real news.
That's what you people ought to be demanding to know.
Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary and Moses and Saul, that's all I can say.
Just amazing to me.
How how five million, four million, whatever it is in South Florida can just,
but again, I shouldn't pick on them because like I said, the American public
is just like sheep.
And that's exactly what they've counted on.
You know, keep people ignorant.
Keep them on educated.
Make sure the education systems things.
Make sure people have to devote most of their time just trying to survive.
They're trying to scrape a few nickels together.
Why do you continue to give it more big test cuts to the riches, your rich friends and your
corporate pals that put you in power in the first place?
Like I've told you before, man, you're all a bunch of crooks and we're just, you know,
we're like all the guppy swimming upstream.
1057 at 560 WQA.
I can't believe that Brandeys has been around this long just almost as long as I
have in this town and believe me, I know it when you're survivor for over 25 years
in town.
You must be doing something.
You must be a real survivor.
Anyway, Brandeys has been around like I said over 25 years offering you a fantastic,
unbeatable selection of men's and women's famous brands.
Shoes, including rock ports, echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clarks, S.A.S.
Floor Shaman Lots more.
And one of the reason people love the shopper at Brandeys is because they've got such a great
selection.
They got all the sizes men sized to fix 15 women's five to 12 and went from the very narrow
to the very wide.
And with over 40,000 pair of shoes and stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can bet George's life on it and Hitler as well.
That whatever you're looking for, they got it in stock in your size.
Brandeys shoes you'll find them at 12, 19 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach.
They're open daily, nine to nine every Sunday, 10 to five.
And again, this week a special sale for it.
Brandeys like to res every week, but this one's been carried over a second week.
A select group of women's style naturalizers on special sale at Brandeys this week,
take 20 to 60% off the mega to price.
So stop and visit Brandeys on their website.
If you like it, brandeys shoes dot com.
We have
Floridians done as
church.
The sum of the
and the
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election.
Said I'd like to know who won the election.
Council vote.
Council vote.
They didn't count the vote.
Council vote over.
Council vote.
Council vote.
They didn't count the vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Ever since this presidential race began.
Live up in wondered who was going to win.
Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting.
Sure.
Counterfall the ballots and find out who's gotten more.
Boy.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes.
Who had you can.
So I've liked to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
I'm the label.
Thank you.
The final tabulation started coming in.
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10.
Some may read people all together in a bunch.
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick Buchanan.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Said I'd like to know who won the election.
Or I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote.
Count the vote, over, count the vote.
Count the vote, baby, count the vote.
Count the vote, over, count the vote.
I'm in the book, count the vote, how many for God?
Count the vote, how many for Bush?
Count the vote, I'm there anymore.
Count the vote, the next step, the bandit, count the vote.
The next step, the bandit, count the vote.
I'm thinking that's the state of Florida suffers from cancer of the penis, Sheila.
Yeah.
You think that's possible?
Is that what the brain is?
There's got to be something really, really wrong in this state.
Yeah, there's got to be something.
And somebody just factors me some really depressing information.
It wasn't bad enough.
We got OJ and Michael Jackson's been looking to the buy and relocate in Florida.
All the sludge finds its way to South Florida.
And now who's, you see this?
You looked at this.
Yeah, I know.
I know the word.
The word.
The word.
The word.
Somebody's subsidizing that creep.
I'll try to do that right now.
That's self-hating right wing creep.
Sellers.
Andrea Glanz.
This is public information.
It's in the newspaper buyers on a market or whatever.
Buyer Miss Grudge or Miss Fudge.
It says at 63 or one Collins Avenue on Miami Beach.
Isn't that disgusting?
Dispread more misinformation and bull crap and right wing propaganda.
Maybe you can conserve what is good post-brand and culture there.
Huh?
Maybe the two of them.
It'll be interesting to see if we ever see the two of them at the same time.
You know, it's like Clark Kent and Superman.
Maybe when he takes off the hat he turns into a encoder.
You think that could be it?
Oh my God, Miss Fudge, who the hell are you kidding, man?
Walmart banishes body magazines.
Here's some good stuff that you give you an idea.
As the beat goes on, you're good close personal friends at Walmart.
Yeah.
And speaking of our, I'm not going to call him Hitler anymore.
That's disgusting.
Heenervo is too good.
But...
Oh!
Walmart banishes body magazines.
Walmart stores said it stopped selling men's magazines.
Maxim, stuff, and FHM, because the retail chain has received complaints from customers about their
racy content.
A Walmart spokesman told the New York Times that the company made the decision after listening
to our customers and associates.
I know we've heard on at least one of these magazines they weren't pleased with the offering.
Walmart has sold Maxim for the past few years and recently added FHM, the paper reported.
The Times, which by the way I believe, I think the Times have believed less than what's in there than in the Harold even.
The Times said the company standards in the magazine's content haven't changed, but the firm has been under pressure from Christian groups in the past
for its sale of certain magazines.
And of course we know that Walmart and those Christian groups glue steps together.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
What is the price?
Been under pressure from Christian groups in the past for its sale of certain magazines.
In the past, Walmart's refused to sell CDs and carry warning labels about explicit lyrics.
Instead, the store sells sanitized version of albums with some songs omitted or covers redrawn to past mustard with the chains buyers the paper added.
Oh, we don't want to offend anybody.
The Benton Philarkin saw based companies also declined to sell particular issues of some magazines, including the September 2001 issue of in style that featured an artfully arranged nude photo of the actress Kate Hudson.
The Times had citing magazine industry executives.
Oh, we don't want to see no nude photos of Kate Hudson.
No.
Or Rock Hudson or Henry Hudson or Ray Hudson or Hudson Bay.
Maybe if they had pictures of Ray Hudson, what do you think?
Maybe we'll put those in Walmart.
She's Ray Hudson, Miami Fusion's head coach and I love the queen of South Florida, Neil Rogers should be in Brooklyn in palace, but we'll keep them here.
Last year, Walmart even took a exception to a single photo in a compilation of sports illustrated swimsuit issues and decided not to sell the issue.
How do you like that?
A little bit too racy, too much tea there, man.
I think we saw a nipple.
It looked like a nipple.
Well, it's very reassuring now that I know that it's safe to go back into Walmart.
Maxim has the, well, of course, don't forget the gun.
Maxim has the largest circulation out of the three with average circulation on the second half of last year, two and a half million and yada yada yada.
A highly lucrative stream, according to the newspaper, but Steven Colvin, president of Dennis publishing USA, which owns Maxim and stuff, told the Times that Walmart only accounts for less than three percent of his company sales at Newstans.
Small potatoes, what he said.
So FM.
That's what he said, FM's stimulus junior.
Who are the most pathetic creatures we're asking on our poll today?
Sports talk group E 66.
This was a tough choice.
314 votes.
Big fat, slot 60.
Autograph hounds 54.
Oh, can I please have your, see, I understand that for little kids, okay?
We're talking about adults.
We're talking about adults who want somebody's autograph because they feel their life is so meaningless.
Autograph hounds 54.
Talk show Chronic 51.
I think that's what I voted for.
Me too.
People who watch golf 40, log cabin Republicans, which was a very, very late addition, and Eric apologize as profusely for dragging his feet so long on that.
You can, couldn't you feel it?
He was dragging his feet to Orlando and the shock was all the way down there in South Florida.
Log cabin Republicans 31.
Computer nerds 9 and people who play golf only 3.
So that's the way it's laying out.
Wednesday, maybe we got our big noon to one hour coming up.
We're just going to make up a bunch of stories.
I think that's what we're going to start doing.
We'll just make up stuff.
If it's good enough for cheap channel, we'll do it.
Right. Right.
And Fox.
Remember, Fox went to court and they won.
Right.
Fox news went to court and they won.
We had that story on a couple of months ago.
They can make stuff up and there's nothing to say that they can't just make up stories.
Right.
Look, look at this phone.
Is this active or what?
How have we got this crowd whipped up?
I was so whipped up.
I went 25 minutes past a break for the first time ever in the history of my life.
All these years on the year and this audience said, boom, like that.
Well, I'm sure they're busy calling the Sun Sentinel.
That's why I'm here.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
That's it.
Here's Delray Beach.
I'll ask one.
Hello.
Oh, thank God.
Man, this is unbelievable.
I checked today's Palm Beach edition of the Sun Sentinel.
And there was absolutely nothing.
I checked the elephant story like George did.
Nothing.
Some liberal media.
I'm well, I had a loss here.
Yeah.
This is unbelievable.
This is the state that has no ever glaze clean up at all by the people who polluted it.
The F-cat test or just ever...
And you know why they do it?
They do it because they can get away with it because nobody cares.
Because the average age is death.
And all they care about is the notch and getting their early bird dinners and getting whatever
discusing your discounts.
I can't.
Nobody else gives a crap about anything.
Believe me, I know I live in West Delray.
Oh, you're so...
Oh, you're so...
Wow.
I'm like, me and my girlfriend are the only young people live out here.
And when there's any old people, when we're walking and old people drive by, they will stop and stare at us.
Like we are from Mars.
I am not saying it is unbelievable.
And I have a movie to recommend for you.
It is a movie called Gift.
It is not the one that was the mainstream movie.
It was directed by Perry Farrell from the Advanced James Addiction.
And it sounds a lot like what you described Rick Rimm for Dream As.
It makes you never want to touch any drug if you're a kid.
Do you ever see happiness?
No, no.
I've got that on my list to check out.
It's a panic.
It's just there.
I mean, it's parts that are very depressing.
Kind of kind of like Rick Rimm for Dream, but it's a panic.
Oh, definitely.
I have a book recommendation for you.
Something that I'm sure a lot of your audience doesn't do.
Actually, two.
What we call Jews from Buchanan.
They're really a such a book.
It is Agized Swear to Neil God.
It is absolutely true name of this book.
Who's the author?
I saw it.
Oh, man.
I do not remember.
I saw it when I lived in Chicago.
And they had it up there.
It should be everywhere.
And stuff.
It should be, I believe, the humor section.
And another book I found in the humor section that was brilliant was by Paul Bagalla.
And it was called It's Still The Economy Stupid.
And it lays out everything about how he helped Bill Clinton turn around the economy
from Reagan and Bush.
And now he helped small businesses.
I only read about 40 pages of it when I was in the bookstore.
And I said, I have to get this book.
It is just brilliant.
And I believe I think that's...
Oh.
And you're done.
Okay, how are you doing?
I'm closing yes.
I have freepers to your poll.
I hate freepers.
They are the stupidest people in the face.
They have no way.
You know something.
I'm so glad you mentioned that.
Thanks.
No problem.
Bob Grant, president.
Okay.
Freepers, this guy, he could easily take this up to 330 to staff.
No, I'm not doing any breaks.
But he would have had some good stuff.
Freepers ought to be honored to...
Now, being a boy, I want to make sure that we don't get Eric and a lot of trouble here.
Make sure he gets freepers on it.
And of course, Eric knows all about freepers because he likes putting that message on there.
Every time we put anything on, it has to do with Bush or politics.
We always have to put that little message on.
Feel free to free-bar pull.
And then you help support our agenda.
It's a real dilemma or whatever that says.
It's cute.
With a pink background, no less.
You got it?
Fienerboy?
Freepers?
Yeah.
Keepers, creepers.
Don't forget to freepers.
12 minutes past 11 at 560.
W.D.Q.A.M.A.
Look at that thought.
Is this audience worked up?
No.
No, no.
They're putting on...
That's the same crowd.
What am I?
I must be doing drugs, you know?
I'm going to see Sarah Goldfarb right after the show.
I'm going to get some greens and some green leaves and some white bulls and some oranges.
Now, I'm going to go see Sarah.
She's got lots of laying around.
You know, talk is cheap.
It's easy to throw on a lot of appealing low numbers.
But when it comes right down to what, what can you really get three financed at?
5%?
4%?
What do you think?
About 30, man.
How about something better than that?
How about 2.45% with a financial group?
That's right.
With interest rates of only 2.45%.
This is really your best bet and it's rock solid.
So call financial group and find out about it at 1-800-940-Lind, L.E.M.D.
Interest rates are at all time low.
So why not refinance your home or buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
A 2.45% financing rate with financial group.
And let me tell you again what that rate will do to your monthly payments.
If you have a 200,000 loan, you pay only $786 a month.
If you have a 100,000 loan, pay only $393 a month.
Get yourself 2.45% financing from financial group.
Call today 1-800-940-Lind.
That's 1-800-940-L.E.M.D.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly.
5.34 APR.
Live and local.
We're sports radio 560-CUA-UAM.
Unfarts radio by 16 W.E.M.D.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Oh!
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Here.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
J.D. sent light off the bed, ladies.
He brought his expectations to women.
They were getting too close through the towel.
Headed body, got his Texas fall-up, oba-crew again.
We're talking, ma.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
If they told him things this wasn't retarded,
3000 light will never be avenged.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
If they told me, hey, I'm being pushed into sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Pushed the sardid by F*** up.
Got some Russian foundation of goryms.
It's 1117-0560 WDQM.
Here are a couple of thanks.
One last suggestion from movie beside L.I.E.
Long Islander Expressway.
That's the only one I couldn't find, by the way.
You might like it.
E2Mama-Tambien, a good Mexican movie by the road trip
of two hornies, 17-year-old boys and an older woman.
All right.
It's sexually explicit, so be sure to get the unrated
and subtitled version.
You shouldn't have a problem finding it.
E2Mama-Tambien.
I've seen it floating around the cable.
I've been avoiding it because it's about two Mexican boys.
It's critically acclaimed.
And an older woman.
How much older?
It's critically acclaimed as what Beener Boy just said.
It's not a good idea.
It says you're absolutely right about happiness.
The ending is the best.
Which makes me think that's a great pull
to be able to do someday.
What movie of all time had the best ending?
Mm-hmm.
Is that a good pull?
Sure.
And I think happiness when you see it.
Oh my god.
When you just watch the last 60 seconds of it,
you will guarantee you drop all sorts of things in your pants.
Here's Josh in Dallas says,
I find it out that the liberals are not going crazy
over the bill, Benet deal.
Well, all the liberals are in a closet, I guess.
They're hiding somewhere, Josh.
It says, you know that if the rules were reversed,
the conservatives would be throwing a hissy fit.
Perhaps it's because that instead of pontificating
about being holier than now, liberals understand
that humans are fallible, that human nature leads us
in directions that may not agree with somebody else's ideology.
It's funny that someone so virtuous is a degenerate gambler
but understand that people can't be perfect
so I don't want to scalp him for his mistakes.
It's his life.
Let him live it the way he wants.
Conservatives stand behind the Bible,
which says to forgive him,
forget, but they never do unless you're part of their team.
It says Josh.
I don't support him at all.
Because he's a big fat, fat-faced, finger-poining,
hypocritical, tubba crap is what he is.
Just like all the right wingers, every one of these,
and I'm not going to say right wingers,
I'm talking about, you know what,
exactly what I mean.
Yeah, I know.
And by the way, Mr. Eagle has nothing to do with the end word,
okay?
To try to make a comparison, there was really stupid idiotic.
Benet came out and said that he's gambled his last.
Yeah, well, I know that.
Why is that?
That's why he said he'll never gamble no more.
Or he's getting cut off.
That's what he said.
He again, anybody believe it?
No.
That's what Pete Rose said, too, I think no more gambling.
I think that's what he told me at Pompe no Park that night,
just before he went to Gulf Stream the next day.
With that big stack of $100 bills,
and now in the front on the table,
to impress everybody,
we're an impressed Pete, not an LASBIT.
$5670, $560, $560 on the AT&T line.
That's our big Wednesday noon to one hour coming up.
Boy, it feels like we've been here for hours and hours and hours.
For hours and hours, yeah?
Weeks.
That rough technical start today,
man, just really threw us for a loop through me anyway.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm not quite sure if these people do it for you,
but these people just really annoy me.
The ground start track groupies.
Those close, guys.
Those people just make me want to vomit.
And also the grown guys collect comment books also.
Take your pick on either one of those two.
I don't know whether they probably not worth it or making a poll.
But either way, those are the people that make me sick.
Also, Channel 10 was probably the lesser of the two people yesterday
with all the migraine information.
I mean, NBC and Channel 4 were just pontificating, interrupting,
and preempting, the weather, preempting, the sports,
and everything, just to cover that.
And Channel 10 was probably the best.
They at least, you know, tried to keep most of their programming together.
I give you the best piece of news for me.
And that is on the news here in Toronto.
There wasn't one story on it.
I wish I could be there, Neil, even with the first one.
No, sorry.
I'll just say I could be there.
Take care.
Okay, pal.
See you at the border.
Bye-bye.
560-70560.
560 on the AT&T Verizon line.
Who are the most pathetic creatures?
Sports Talk Group B 74.
Big fat, slob 66.
Autograph pounds 59.
Top show, chronic 54.
Log cabin Republicans is zooming up out of 355 votes.
It's 45 already.
After a very late start, people who watch Golf 43.
Computer nerds 11.
People who play Golf 3 and Freepers went on there, but don't have any yet.
Jeepers, creepers.
Come on, get them Freepers.
Talk about having no life.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Very important.
I'm sorry.
It ends in an invoice.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I'm one of your daily listeners.
I don't have access to a fact machine today because I'm home, but I've got an article on a website that you will love.
It's you, the letter you express.
.com, slash Ted, TD, R-A-L-L.
It's a premise on if Gore had been elected president and proceeded to do all the things that Bush did.
It's a great article.
Okay.
And the other one for you is rotten tomatoes.com, great movie site.
It's great.
So it gives a nice synopsis of all the movies and rates them.
Yeah, I think I've seen that one.
Yeah, that's a pretty good site.
Did you see happiness?
No, I have.
And I've got that written down.
I'm writing down all of the ones you're recommending.
Have an extra set of depends for the last scene.
Oh, I will do in a box of tissues.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Many, many open lines.
That phone is like spastic today.
You know, ever since Kosoah screwed up our whole phone system.
You know, I remember those days not too long ago when we hit like a real fat, tubby engineer who was a good guy used to come in here and keep everything pouring right along.
Now we got these guys, you know.
We got these guys with their duct tape and this queen.
And I got news for our course.
So this queen ate too happy about the technical competence I'm seeing today.
Speaking of this queen, here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Listen, I look around and it's true.
I was saying man, two years ago, everybody wanted to impeach because I was clinging at a blowjob and all this friend, right?
Right.
At this clown that we have here, invading another country on the false pretense.
Every time he found a microphone or a portal, he said, weapons of mass destruction killed millions of millions.
They haven't found one grenade with the flu on it.
Right.
And no one is outraged.
No one is outraged about this.
No, they think they're manipulating the mass media.
They're conducting the whole thing like a big patriotic pep rally.
They're waving the American flag.
They're wrapping themselves in a flag.
And they realize that most people are too stupid to understand or too busy.
I keep by doing anything about it.
And as a result, the polls are almost 70% approval.
I'd like to know who those 70% of the people are because I never hear of me.
One of them.
Neil, this is crazy.
They invaded another country on the false pretense.
And then, and then I'm a minority.
I'm not a dark young man, a spick like George, but still, they got these two clowns, Colin Powell and Kandalisa.
And they used them up there.
They were also weapons of mass destruction.
They haven't found any.
They should be arguing.
They should be quitting.
They should defend this government as a shame.
Because they put them in the front there for the minorities to believe all the junk that they did.
You're under the day the Colin stood there.
Instead of coming out and saying, hey, you know, they tricked us.
They haven't found one.
Got them.
Yeah.
Rock it or anything.
They're still kissing that guy's ass, you know?
He stood right up there in front of the UN.
He had all the maps and he knew exactly where this was.
And that was, in the meantime, where the hell are they?
And then, and I have read a couple of articles asking that same question.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
I don't get it.
Yeah, they want to impeach a pressurized United States for getting a blowjob.
I don't get this.
You know, if you ever wonder how Hitler managed to mesmerize the German people and get everybody to goose that along, I think now you're getting a real good lesson.
Hey, man, I had a real good teacher in high school.
He always used to say, masters are stupid as hell.
You know, one person, when you manipulate the masters and it's true.
I really believe it's true.
You know, Bush senior, he invaded another country, Panama, because the Panama Canal was in, you know, they were threatened that they were going to let whatever, whatever, whatever the hell, the Panama government.
He shook a machete.
Right, with a machete.
So they went into another country and invaded that country and took the government up.
You know, what the hell is going on with this?
See at the border man, hang on to that passport and visa.
Jesus Christ, man.
And him too.
Yeah, we got a few people out there pissed off and frustrated and fired up.
That's good.
We got a few, not too many.
How many think we got?
About 30, man.
Well, that's a start.
Yeah, probably the first revolution ever started with about 30.
And then it grew like Topsy, you know, they grew like, yeah, gruesome, like Josh Friedman.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
This could be the longest day of my life.
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
I do know what it is with that horrible start.
And the foam was all screwed.
If anybody tuned in late today, good.
Good choice.
Oh, brother.
And then we had them.
We had this story and then thanks for at least he was person, he persevered.
You know, Randy, right.
Well, that story about the Broward County passing the resolution.
He is our hero.
He's my hero today.
And again, I feel really bad.
I apologize twice, but I'll do it again for not taking his word.
But how can you believe somebody when you're scouring on what's a very, even a child will know that that's an important story.
In an area like Broward County, it's the biggest area by far.
And I was in a resolution like that.
If that caller hadn't called, I wouldn't have found it after twice through.
You have to get a goddamn search party in the Palomar telescope to find that thing in the Sun Central.
You people, the Sun Central, I tell you right now, you suck.
Your whole goddamn newspaper sucks.
You're a farce.
You would have scraased the Broward County, okay?
Right.
She ought to be the guy, Dan Mirro, of the head of Broward County.
Let's run her for Orifice.
And then Jimbo can be the, what can he be?
The first lady, the lady in waiting.
27 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about a great product.
This will calm you down.
Oliomid.
Oliomid, soft-tilt capsule.
I'm still waiting for mine, by the way, skipping.
I'm waiting for my shipment.
And the Oliomid, too.
Oliomid, soft-tilt, is contained pharmaceutical rate olive oil.
It's your best you can get anywhere.
It's just super concentrated and it's loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you.
Oliomid in your pus everyday can up-produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
And don't forget there are 14 different Oliomid formulas from which to choose.
Each one combining the finest olive oil you'll see anywhere in the universe,
with vitamins, minerals, and herbose to support specific parts of your health.
From your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system.
All you do is just choose the formulas that are right for you.
And now there are three new Oliomid formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and cell Q10 for your heart.
Pick up some Oliomid today. It's just about everywhere you shop.
Pick it up at publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets.
Navarro's and Sadanos are ordered online if you like OliomidAmerican.com.
If you want more information about their products and the amazing things they can help you with your health, call tool-free-1-866-Oliomid.
That's 1-866-6536-333.
And don't forget for better health, start feeling better, or almost right away, with some Oliomid in your pus today.
If my, and look all, this is 4356-2-2-2-1-866-333.
Tie it on the hand.
Oh, don't like all the heartburn.
Don't don't don't don't every time I see.
Don't don't don't let me die in the wind.
Don't don't don't don't fall in my TV.
I don't know why they would want this guy, but now he's here.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
Find this drug and rich kid.
Don't don't don't be even, number them me.
He's present in the f***ing door.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in by a front cross with a Christmas card.
You know, this is the bitter end of the mail.
I'm checking the email because maybe you might have emailed me something important.
And here is a, in fact, I'm going to read it verbatim.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
I know you hate him, but would you like someone to announce your address on the radio?
Everybody in their brother knows where I live.
Everybody in the world knows where I live.
It's no dark secret.
This is in the newspaper number one.
She's talking about Ms. Fudge.
And number two, it's a high rise.
There's 80 billion people living at building.
Okay.
It's in the newspaper.
It's not a deep dark secret.
It's in the newspaper.
What is name attached to it?
I mean, there is not.
See, I look at this point.
I just associate myself with that crowd.
I'm just sorry.
Have a nice life.
That's all I can tell you.
I mean, when you know somebody, I don't care.
I don't know anybody who's perfect.
Do you know?
Well, we know somebody that you like a lot who's a good friend.
There is nobody who's beyond reproach, who's beyond criticism.
But in this particular case, there's such a morbid obnoxious fascination.
I have no idea what the deal is there.
I don't know what's under that hat.
I don't know.
But I just associate myself officially at this point.
I just will not extend myself in that direction anymore.
Oh, man.
Yeah, oh man is right.
Give it a rest already, okay?
And if you do have any kind of principles whatsoever,
when this guy is constantly the hitman for the right ring spewing all their propaganda,
you know, he doesn't have to put any homophobic articles on his website.
All he's got to do is support the people who do.
Who do you spew that crap?
And he does.
Like I said the other day, he's the next David Brock.
He's a cross between David Brock, pre his awakening in Ancoltor.
And I am so sick and tired of the fudge fascination there.
I mean, you know, a lot of people like Fudge.
You know what I mean?
People right?
Right.
Why does that frost my ass?
Anyway, let me get off of that.
I'm not even going to waste my time responding.
Yeah.
No, seriously.
I mean, it just, just acid-ion.
Like I have to get like lectured as to what I said here by somebody that I barely even know
who's like, you know, see I'll have a great life.
Okay, I wish you nothing but the best, but go away.
Is that incredible?
It's in the newspaper.
I didn't give out like personal information.
That's like some kind of a deep dark secret.
If you wanted to be a secret, you don't have it where it's going to be published in public.
You can put under any name, you know?
Follow what I'm saying.
Right.
I don't know if I have an association.
Exactly.
But be that as it may.
It's just sickening.
Anyway, here's the fact that I wish I could have gotten this to you.
And in addition to which I don't see any commentary about that story that wasn't...
See, this is the kind of thing that people get obsessed about.
Right.
And for the life of me, I don't understand that whole fag-hag thing.
You mentioned that to me that they...
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
I don't want to know about it.
I just am nauseated by it.
Yeah, I sure don't.
I want to puke from it.
I mean, I'm not saying that everybody I know, I'd that I call a friend or that I associate with, agrees with me on everything.
But I can't even begin to imagine myself in any way, shape, or form, associating with somebody who is against everything that I am and I stand for and I believe in.
I can't... I just couldn't do it.
That's why I don't understand, for example, James Carvel and Maria Magdalena, whatever the hell her name is.
I mean, they're married.
Right.
He's a...
He's about as far to the left as you can get.
And she's about as far to the right.
Unless one of them is active.
I don't think so.
I don't think anybody's that could have been active.
Now, he sure not active.
I just... I don't get it.
But again, that's different people.
Maybe they just are so obsessed with each other or whatever.
Maybe they got some kind of like wild hot kinky sex going on.
Who now knows?
Maybe he's got something under his bald spot.
Anyway, this should be on today's poll.
The petta people, PETA.
The PETA... how do we say it?
PETA.
Do we say PETA?
PETA.
Oh, okay.
Thanks.
And you want to know why this is timely and whoever affects this to me doesn't even realize it.
There's a story.
They want a city in New York to change its name.
I just read this... this consequence.
I read it yesterday in the newspaper.
But seriously.
They want a city to change... you know what city it is?
I... I...
Suburb of Buffalo.
You've heard me talk about it before.
It's where Buffalo Raceway is located.
It's called Hamburg, New York.
Are you...
Not Hamburg... Hamburger.
I'm surprised they don't want...
I guess they want Frankfurt, Germany and Hamburg.
That's right.
Hamburg, New York.
They want them to change the name.
The PETA people.
People for the ethical treatment of animals.
PETA.
And I do love animals as people out there know.
But nevertheless, I love them too with ketchup and steak sauce.
Oh, God.
It's barbecue sometimes.
I am so...
Between the technical start to this program today.
And this email...
This was the worst email in the history of the human race.
Okay?
This was the all-time worst.
And I don't hate Miss Grudge.
I barely even know him.
But I just...
I just repeled and I'm just offended by the whole ambience of what he does.
I'm nauseated by.
I don't hate him.
I don't know him well enough to hate him.
And I don't want to.
And this business about, well, he's a general.
He never stole a freight train.
You know, the same could have been said about a lot of people who did enormous amounts of damage.
That's not the point.
Hitler.
Yeah, yeah.
Like I said, here I'm hearing.
Might have been a real blast at a party too.
You know, I'm Simmons.
Could you drink their beer?
That's not the point.
The point is, what is your life all about?
Who do you allow to use you?
What do you use your efforts to accomplish?
To what ends?
To what purpose?
To what point?
Not are you a fun guy and we're a nifty hat?
And cutesy artsy fartsy?
God, I'm just...
Seriously, I made puke right on the ear here before it before 1 o'clock.
I might just puke my guts out.
Oh, leave the mic open, all right?
Oh, I will.
Roy!
Merrowan ascended cell phone covers across such a buzz in Australia that the company selling
them had to pull them out of a technology fair in Sydney yesterday or today.
Today.
Because they're way ahead of us.
And more ways than one.
Local authorities said New South Wales State premier Bob Carr slammed the green Merrowan
and motif covers as promoting drugs used to young people.
Oh, oh, oh.
A big overreaction said Robert Punch, owner chief executive and founder of corporate phone
covers.
It's a novelty.
You wouldn't go and buy a big block of chocolate after smelling the chocolate one he told
Reuters.
Well, and certainly a Vena Boy wouldn't do it.
Made in China, it were right next to chocolate strawberry, blueberry cherry and roasted
snap on covers.
The Merrowan version sold well, though only to over 18s pun said, it's selling much
better than strawberry, much better he said.
How about if they have a strawberry-centred pot?
They have flavor-brolling papers, chocolate, strawberry, cocoa.
Oh, I still, I'm weak.
I'm weak.
I'm like El Martino and a godfather, okay?
And through you nose, out of your mouth.
Oh, you cannot talk a man.
I can't let go.
Yeah, you're right.
I better butcher up just a little bit.
I got to get to that story by Bobby Bird, blast bush for a flamboyant showmanship with
carrier speech.
That wasn't the paper I found that.
Yeah, I found it too.
And actually, I got mine from CNN, which is amazing on their website.
You'll find a lot of stuff that CNN still does good, but you almost never see it on TV,
because on TV, there's still busy pandery and trying to outdo MSNBC and foxes the who's
most patriotic and who's most American and who's most safe.
Or you'll be safe.
If your hair isn't safe anymore because it's vanished, well, maybe it is safe, but maybe
it's in a safe place, but not on your head.
Here's the answer for you.
Not a mousey-looking piece.
Not a silly-looking hat.
You know, hats went out a long time ago.
You don't want hats went out with the mob.
You know, mobsters always do wear a big hat.
Like a dog part.
Yeah, lefty, lefty in the 90 Brasco.
He was the last guy in order to wear a hat that was at any credibility and look what happened
to him.
Anyway, Charles Alfie here, I give you a great look ahead to hear what his natural
hair line system has been in business for over 25 years, working with a famous and even
shluppers and everybody in between because even the millionaires know that for all the
money in the world, they can't get a better look and head to hair back than the natural
hair line system.
You take a look at it.
You take a look at anybody who's got it.
And you'll agree that it looks for real like it's grown out of your scalp as opposed
to anything else.
As opposed to those mousey-looking silly pieces like sand domes and wears, as opposed to
the goddamn muskrat that died and you had like certain people at QA and where and all
the other the holes and the head, all the other things.
So the choice is yours because everybody in the world now seems to be having some kind
of a scan to get you your hair back.
Only one really looks great than natural hair line system from Chuck Alfie.
When you call me sure much and the O'Rodges will save an extra 200 bucks off the regular
price and don't forget Charlie also services and repairs, all types of hair systems, usually
why do you wait for 2025 to 30 bucks.
Call today, get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could
again.
1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413, or log onto their website at CharlesAlphieerie.com.
My name is Michael.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't a QA yet.
Criminalized pot in Florida.
Yes!
Yes!
That's a threat they played on the whole.
That's power!
What garbage!
The kids that they don't know it's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you...
Listen, I'm happier I live in the split level head.
I'm happier I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
No.
Why am I so rounded by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you?
Go be howie.
There are nothing to put in action from you, pal.
Now!
Now!
You shut up, asshole.
Okay, catch it.
You're all fired.
You can't stoop in the roof.
Listen to me.
You're fired.
I'll take that ghost for you too.
You know who I am?
I'm the king of paradise.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
I came down here after losing my child, but to be a big fish...
...in a little part of it.
When they kicked me off the SP and they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with wise guys or with wise guys move to paradise.
Oh, me!
Yeah!
Fire!
That makes me a little Louis 9.
I got one funny.
You're all fired.
And I hope that the king's ghost one dies.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish in a little part to see you.
A big fish in a little part.
Did anybody else hear me?
I'm a big fish in a little part.
A big fish in a little part.
Yeah!
I don't want to see anybody into any.
LUM45 at 560 WDQM after a massive investigation officer from Scottland Yard's Child Protection Group
have confirmed that they have not found any downloaded child abuse images on rocket terrorist Pete Townsend's computers.
They added that Pete cooperated fully with the investigation and that the decision to caution was made in accordance with the MPS case disposal policy for this investigation.
Townsend said from the very beginning, I acknowledge that I did access this site.
I had given the police full access to all my computers as I made clear it to the outset.
I accessed the site because of my concerns that the shocking material readily available on the Internet to children as well as adults.
And as part of my research toward the campaign I've been putting together since 1995 the counter-damaging them by all kinds of pornography on the Internet, but especially any involving child abuse.
And in the meantime, of course, the media was raised like stabbing to the heart if you'll recall.
Yes.
But they didn't have the facts, but they'll confuse people with the facts.
Facts.
Yeah, what the hell is that?
Here's a call from Port St. Lucie.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, whenever a rush or a wily or handy says something, you can pretty much just count most of it and never give it a second thought.
But I know when I disagree with you, at least it calls me to think a little bit.
I didn't like Bush from the beginning, but I didn't believe that 9-11 was something that he wanted.
And I hope in my heart that he had other motives there or knew something about a rack that we didn't.
Instead of settling old scores, but it turned out to be that it seems like that he was settling old scores.
You know, at least we know where a chain he was during the whole time.
I guess he was talking to people at Halliburton, and setting up some deals there.
Yeah, instead of it is a country we have two elected officials.
Instead of Bush running the war in Cheney looking over things at home, making sure they're right.
I guess he was following the leads of Enron and global crossing to our business that way here.
It seems like we're under a track from the people like that global crossing, Enron and Cheney.
Here in Cheney and I stay and then from the other terrorists that do not live in the country.
Okay, well thanks for the call and have a great day.
What do you say?
Here's a call in. What is it called?
Lade? Hello?
Oh my God.
I just went through Pahoki right now.
Oh my God. Well, you'll be in a mockery soon. Look out.
I'm going to Okitobi, but Neil, hey, you know, I'm the guy that called you about happiness.
Oh, thank you very much.
Well, by the way, I've got another movie for you that he, the same director did, which is welcome to the dollhouse.
I don't know if you've seen that, but that was his first movie and it's pretty hilarious also.
Okay.
And the second thing I wanted to also mention to you, did you see the New York Times article about the nuclear, the plutonium tube,
or not did I call it too, running with the stuff that they were trying that they said, a rack was trying to buy from Nigeria.
Right.
And it was actually all a forgery. All the documents were for.
Right. That's right.
It was put together by the, actually it was British intelligence and the CIA.
And the only thing that they, they, they, they screwed up on was that the signatures on the documents were people that have been out of office for about 15 years.
And the, the State Department of poor Colin Powell. I don't know what the hell has gotten to him, but he was running around the whole world showing them these documents.
And they never really double checked to see who the hell had signed the document and that they were forgery.
Yeah. Well, they, they, they haven't, they made him an off-ree couldn't refuse because he did, he did a turnaround faster than you can say a douchebag man.
He just, he just turned on a dime.
Exactly. So, oh, and by the way, their leader was also in fight club, by the way.
He, he gets probably the worst feeding ever and movie history in fight club by Brad Pitt.
I mean, it is just gruesome. And actually I like fight club a lot too, by the way. I know that, but you probably don't like it.
I, it was an incredible movie.
Okay. Well, listen, happiness was beyond my wildest dreams and the ending was worth a billion bucks.
Exactly. Well, check out, check out, working for the Dollhouse. It's awesome.
Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line on a really interesting Wednesday. Oh boy.
Hmm. I'm just going to open up my window and just in fact I already got my window open.
It's going to go into the window and breed some, that SARS, I mean, her fresh ear.
Here's a call from Naples. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Just off and fired up. And unfortunately, I'm close to DC. So, I got to put up with all this kind of stuff.
But, now, something I don't understand, not for a minute do I believe that they have weapons of mass destruction.
But, their argument is still false because even if they did have the weapons of mass destruction,
number one, you need a whole boatload to do any kind of damage. Any kind of mass damage.
And, number two, they never have a vehicle to bring those over here to the United States.
He's protecting the United States from weapons of mass destruction. I got to tell you,
I think the biggest weapon of mass destruction is that pea brain between bush's ears
and all the hemorrhoids that surround him in the lighthouse. That's the biggest weapon of mass destruction.
The whole thing is a farce people are blinded by the right, just like Brock's book.
And it's absolutely ridiculous. And it's nice that there's a few liberal talk show hosts who at least speak the truth.
And, of course, you never get credit for it, but keep on keeping on.
Okay, thanks. Call from Naples, which ain't all that far from Fort Myers.
That's all really interesting. I guess it was in the biography. Channel the Ability about Thomas Edison.
Okay. And his good, close personal buddy, Henry Ford.
And, Edison, we're such good buddies that Ford built a house right next to Edison's house in Fort Myers.
You know, they'd go camping together. Right. They were good buddies and they were both, you know,
of course, I think Edison was a greater, a little bit greater humanitarian if you catch my dream.
Henry Ford would be delighted to be around there, but oh, yeah, because he could go step with the best of them.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T. By the way, the Pope says, careful how you drive.
Since everybody's giving instructions on what you should say and what you should think and what I should say,
a highway to heaven, Vatican, or just Christian driving values.
Oh, this is the best Roman Catholic Churches, a possible ship of the road seeks to lower deaths.
I guess the Pope hasn't been driving himself, totally, huh?
Well, in fact, you know what? I think he's in shape to be doing it right now.
He's got his little buggy. Yeah.
Psalm on TV the other day, 83 going on 140. He could easily easily pass for 140.
A Vatican official is leading a push to make safe driving a Christian duty.
Oh, my God. You said duty. I said duty. Archbishop Stephen Fumio Hamau.
What kind of a name is that? The man in charge of Vatican's council for itinerants and migrants.
Oh, I see. Says the statistics about road deaths are terrifying.
And he hopes to persuade Catholic bishops conferences in Canada and the rest of the world to promote a Christian culture of the road.
In a February speech to the first ever meeting of European directors of what the Vatican calls it,
it's a puzzle ship of the road. Archbishop Hamau said the church intends to lift the veil on the great drama of suffering caused by road accidents.
Stay out of the post office and crawl springs in other words.
During the 20th century, 35 million people died and a billion and a half or injured road accidents.
This obviously draws the attention of our pastoral care.
The catacombs of the Catholic church says those incur grave guilt who by drunkenness or a love of speed
endanger their own another safety on the road at sea or in the air.
Isn't that what Jesus said? Don't drive too fast right?
The catacism of the cat. I got to read that again. That is a special.
The catacism of the Catholic church says those incur grave guilt who by drunkenness or a love of speed
endanger their own another safety on the road at sea or in the air.
See if only say what's the name?
Sarah Goldfarb would know about her love of speed. Could have gotten her a big drug. Of course she was Jewish.
It's like she wouldn't have given a crap.
Hey Sarah, don't pop them pills. We'd art. Oh geez.
For Sarah. I'm going to be on TV. I'm going to be on TV.
Don't forget, get happiness today. Whatever you do. Get happy.
Don't worry. Just get happy or just get even who are the most pathetic creatures sports talk groupies 83 big fat
slabs 82 autograph pounds 68 talk show products 61 log cabin Republicans 59 people who watch golf 48 computer
nerds 11 people will play golf five and freepers only got three out of 120 votes.
Jeepers creepers creepers. You're ought to be doing better than that.
Most people this on. You probably don't even know what creepers are.
They'll find out. Here's Voke. Hello.
Hey, you don't even call me with a mouth full of turkey. That's okay. We talk a lot of turkeys.
Yeah, right. Hey, what's the problem with your liberals putting down the president? Is that all you left this liberal?
Now how to do? This is the left this liberal again.
I'm talking with a mouthful. I know what's not turkey in your mouth crap mouthful of crap in his mouth.
The left is liberal guys. Same. A great argument by the way.
You really made some excellent point. He said God bless Texas. Yeah. See here's North Miami. Hello.
Yeah, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Yeah, I just got calling and coming in about the way this war is being spun to the American people.
I've seen their watching the television and they had another homecoming thing when the world in the smiles and the hugs and you know like the romance of war.
You know trying to make like it's some romantic thing. Yeah, I'm glad those people are coming home. Don't you understand?
And then like I said, the federal just get the phone to call you and on the other side there's things they tell you about the rest of you.
You know worried about the rest of you.
You know the rest of you that's not right. Don't just understand and try to go to the best.
But people are like you see on the fence. I'm sorry, but no better. I was in the war.
We all got a good answer.
From as long as the ladies get back to you and let's go. Let's get on. Everybody.
Here we go.
I'm 57. 560. Did I miss something there? Huh? What do you say?
Who? I don't know whoever that guy was. He was kind of like Winpy. I'm just ready for this big new to one hour.
Okay. Sit back and I'll have to worry about checking my emails anymore. I'm just I'm just a gas.
At the nerve in the chutzpah of some people, man, who think that I need a minute by minute critique.
What I should say. What I can say. What a son of a bitch. I just get a life. Okay. Just go off and never never line together and have a wonderful life together. You silly people.
You God, I don't as long as I live, I'll never be able to understand that.
That business, that whole thing. This morbid fascination out of trying to make really dangerous, dangerous people who spewed dangerous crap into cutesy little figures.
You know, like cutesy would nice little cute little hats or other adornments. You know, it doesn't make any difference what you do to it.
It's still the same thing. You know, when you scrape away all the exterior crap. It still has the same ultimate effect.
1157 at 560 WQM, the lights of West Boko, your superstar for the Atkins diet or any low carb sugar free diet is introducing their new almond snack cakes by control carb.
They come in blueberry banana or classic almond. He serving is only one effect of gram of carbs or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs.
If you like to crunch, try one of the three new flavors of low carb racket chips. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, bread, rolls, cheesecakes, chocolates, pasta and sauces, any of the other 600 low carb foods, the lights of West Boko is the place you're going to love to shop.
And don't forget you can always try it before you buy it. They've got an knowledgeable staff who knows their stuff inside and out through open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10.
And at the lights, you'll find the most complete line of Atkins brand products anywhere in the universe. And here's even better news. Atkins products are always 25% off all day every day at Delights.
So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world if you want to be as diners at the lights of West Boko on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column full free and 1 877 low carb or check them out of the web if you like it low carb.com.
Don't forget there's only one delight to West Boko. It's your official Atkins retail center.
5 and a look off this is 560. There are your all yours.
You am.
Hey, I'm Frao, Ilya and I rush late and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from tools and listening to the new Roke Amunista Hour.
Take high and prove it.
Oh, like a lady.
Like a lady.
Walk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the thighs.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs.
Oh.
You showered me with kisses.
I thought you were my queen, but I noticed something funny.
I saw the bulge in your jeans.
She looked like a lady.
Walk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the thighs.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs.
You were my perfect lover.
But how I was surprised.
Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised.
Oh.
She looked like a lady.
Walk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the thighs.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs.
He's back and he's stalking the psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs penit contenders.
Clint Eastwood is 30 Harry Carey.
Hello, everybody.
This is Harry Carey with Steve Stone and the cops are getting this big out of them today.
Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster.
There's action.
The pitch!
Strike is a...
He's through that...
It's more like passports.
Suspense.
It's...
Mike Lee.
It's...
It could be.
It is a...
No rhyme.
Romance.
Oh, look at that...
It's on that broad sleeve.
Holy cow!
Clint Eastwood is 30 Harry Carey.
Come into a theater near you.
Don't go frigging apart.
Stop frigging like balls.
Keep rolling, don't go frigging apart.
Come on, stop frigging like balls.
You're the one that's a punk in the room.
I let one speak out.
I feel you're clout.
I lifted my leg.
It smells like an egg.
You're the one that's a punk in the room.
Try to hold in your thought.
I'll try but that sounds a horn.
You're the one that's a horn.
Then don't buy those hot cards.
Don't go frigging apart.
Don't go frigging apart.
Don't go frigging apart.
You're the one that's a horn.
I feel so glad over here.
I'm so glad over here.
Oh yeah, who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Oh my god.
Oh yeah, play with my balls.
Play with my balls.
Oh, I feel so glad.
I'm just rolling around.
I'm so glad.
Oh my god.
I love it with you.
I'm so glad.
I love you.
I'll go get you a towel.
When you got on the airplane
The dreams started right away
A couple of our girls
Then some tonic and tango raiding
And then the other one
And started acting silly
Like happy jacked the clown
You pulled your zipper
And your pants came a tumbling down the home
Then you climbed on the cart
Things got started with a fight
Then you do, dood
In front of a saw
Joe Rod, don't you know that
If the bathroom was occupied
One of us would step aside
To keep you from dood doing
On the plane
Renting on the airways
Is horny, bitchy one
Fennies will have to do
You ain't getting on me
Reality escapes you
You lie and you scheme
Randy, dream on, Randy
You'll never have me
Are you sure?
I'm not afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
I'm afraid of you
Sports Talk Group is 90, Autograph Hound 73, Log Cap and Republican 68, Self-Hating Fags, Talk Show Chronic 66, People Who Watched Golf 55, Computer Nerds 11, People Who Played Golf 5, and Freepers Up to 5, well G-Force Creepers, we're getting some votes for the Freepers and it's about time.
Mother's Day is this Sunday and the folks at Vermont City Bear have been busy hand making some great new bears.
Your mom, wife and grandma deserve something extra special this year. Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont City Bear.
She'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears like the spa ma bear, mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear.
And don't forget dads, it's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and cup said is a perfect idea every year.
Right as many cubs as you need with their names imported on the outfits.
Kids and cubs, it's more creative and thoughtful than flowers and this one will last a lifetime.
Call 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear, a council will help you to get a bear just for her social know you finally put some real thought into a real gift this year.
You won't believe the great reaction you'll always get. Ordering is quick and easy too but you better do it now because it's already Wednesday.
Call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online if you like it from Montetty Bear.com. This year do it right.
Thank mom for all she does with a great gift of Vermont City Bear by calling them 1-800-829-BEAR.
We're sports radio 560-GAM.
Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stripesys.
We'll convert any goi for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates.
For a came I shall own Malachi. At Earl Stripesys we'll convert anyone into a Jew.
Malachi.
Hachados.
Paruku.
Translated means sorry I must have left my wallet at home.
Millie.
Millie.
Hachados.
Hachados.
Translated means stewardess did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Nimelek.
Mahala-heir.
Hama-lahim.
Hachados.
Paruku.
Translated.
Yes Rabbi the check is in the mail. Yes you too can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at
Earl Stripesys.
Act now and get a free Yard side candle for just 10 dollars. Earl Stripesys will convert
any goi for just 99.95 or more if we can.
Hamla-heir.
How the hell am I supposed to read backwards for Christy?
Or are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat
at the Y?
That's right folks because here at the Y we've turned our old facilities into a mouthwatering
buffet and you've never seen us spread like this one featuring some of the most delicious
entrees you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican you'll love the Y because every night is taco night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild game our chefs prepare a lift-smacking sauteed
rabbit baked in a golden flower crust.
That's right.
Air pie.
It's all here.
Literally mounds of piping hot food including juicy steaks cooked medium rare because when
you eat at the Y all the meat is pink in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food here's an unusual entree a red hot-cage and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes.
It's let's-smacking good to chew.
What for the minutes?
So the next time you eat out slide on down to the Y.
It is just north of Hershey Highway on the Mr. 1 egg.
We'd like to see.
In flying we have any balls with this red presents our team.
And we want our name off of the sign.
Yes, it is in very nice and so we want to verify the dolphins have no balls.
Tastes down to that sign.
They're lying.
The dolphins don't have any balls.
That's why they slap each other's teeth.
So balls are my teeth.
I know.
I know.
Thank you for calling Mrs. T. Tony and I'm going to help you.
I just picked up my 92 accord from your life and it is on Tuesday in the back seat.
Are you stirred?
Yes.
And there's one vaccine?
A terror.
A big ass human turd in the back seat of my car.
Man, I assure you our guys did not take it dump in your car.
If you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it.
You want to take a look at it.
My car is fine.
It's that big ass turd in the back seat.
Okay, what would you like me to do?
I said okay, how about I'm going to your house and pick a loaf on your couch?
Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here get this turd out my back seat.
That's not going to happen.
What do you mean it's not going to happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it.
I am.
I'm bringing back there.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to take a dump in every last car you got there.
I'm going to peel your counter.
I'm going to do it all.
Okay.
You know what you say?
I'm a big girl.
And man, it probably came out your ass.
I don't make it happen to go on and take a dump in the car.
How much do you weigh?
About 400 pounds.
That's your turd.
That's my turd.
That came from a 400 pound man.
That's a 400 pound man.
He's a big girl.
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm going to let the whole world
see.
You want to be on the news this evening, buddy?
I'm going to get seven on my side.
Why?
You want to be on the news.
Can you describe the Jesus.
I mean, what does it look like?
You know what it is.
It came out your ass.
What the hell is the word kind of?
Ask me what color.
I say what?
It smells ungodly.
That's what it smells like.
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil.
I'm in for the taste of hell.
Well, how big is it?
How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm.
I don't think it's fun.
Why y'all?
This is not fun.
I got a damn two-bar four in my back seat.
I think this is a race of two.
That's what they are.
A little kid is running away from it.
I'm going to go find this funny.
That's so funny.
You're probably going to see a wheel suit.
All right, all right.
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming all for it.
Steve is coming all for it?
Yes.
Steve is coming all for it.
Yeah, yeah.
Steve, this is a big one.
How long is it, huh?
I am taking this into fresh care.
Okay.
What you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back.
And we'll match it up.
We have a lineup.
We'll match it up with the other shirts that we have.
Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a toy.
You're saying I'm going to bring the shirt back to me?
No.
You know what?
Is this a sample?
No.
I'm starting to like it.
You're going to keep it as a sample?
Well, keep it.
Because it's a nice, you know what?
It's a nice conversation, Steve.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
Hey, thanks.
Oh, thanks, Steve.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm a big pedal five.
I'm a big pedal five.
I'm a big pedal five.
Still making a down negative.
You're making a down negative.
You make it in the haggies they need to make it
We should have them to make it
If not kill them and you make it
If they don't all all all all
But that's easy to rush right there
rush to me
rush to you
rush to sweat
rush to you
rush to you
Hi
rush to you
I say hi and I
I say
who you
oh
don't we
I'm not
off the
I like Jimmy
and I like
a smoker
I like my
surprise
I am my
surprise
rush to you
oh
don't
rush to you
I like
a
lot of bike
chicken
soup
that's what I like
Have you ever tasted
great fish
Traction Grinch, Blanting and giving filter fish
That's much more my speed.
Raster me, Raster you, Raster black, Raster you, Raster you, Raster you,
I want me tell you, Raster you, Raster you.
Oh!
Oh!
I'm tired of here.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Raster me, Raster you, Raster black, Raster you, Raster you.
Raster you, Yes, Raster you, Raster you.
Oh!
You're so beautiful like a smart enough guy.
That's a great surprise.
I always keep your hands on my wrist.
But you know I'm just checking.
I'm like comfort on it.
You're so beautiful.
What are you crazy about these people?
2025, 560, Beanervoy did we put this story on our website?
I guess my mistake, my van, which was prisonplanted.com,
Purol told investigators they could profit from more.
No.
Very short, sweet, take about 30 seconds.
Pentagon, it's not in there.
Pentagon advised a Richard Purobreath and investment seminar
and waste a profit from conflicts in Iraq and North Korea.
Just weeks after he received a top secret government briefing on the crisis in the two countries.
Purol, who went to the march, was chairman of the Defense Policy Board,
a group of outside advisors to the Pentagon, also serves on the board of directors of several defense contractors.
His actions raised concerns about conflicts of interest.
Purol attended a defense intelligence agency briefing in February,
and three weeks later participated in a Goldman Sachs conference call
in which he advised investors in a talk titled,
implications of an imminent war Iraq now North Korea next.
A financial advisor who participated in the conference called, told Capitol Hill Blue,
that Purol offered advice on how to cash in if war broke out in Iraq and or North Korea.
Purol would not return phone calls or emails seeking comment.
We sure can't imagine why. Can't wait now.
But don't confuse us with the facts because you're much a liberal leftist on our show.
I'm going to go to the bottom of my run. I meet my bullcrap sandwich.
26 past noon at 5.60. By the way, speaking of that voice,
I was lapsing into. Did we ever get an answer on a keychain?
No. No was the answer we didn't get an answer.
Did I fax you that Pearl story? No. Why is that?
Just checking for convenience. Do you want it? Yeah.
No, I just got I was just rechecking some of the websites
and I recheck prison plan.com was one of my favorite in that story.
It wasn't on it earlier. Got it? Got it.
But it's on it now. I will fax it to you.
Faggot back at you. Thank you.
If you want to get out of your dead end,
a lot of you people out there working for peanuts, you feel like you're on a treadmill.
You're running along where you're not going anywhere. Here's the answer.
Get out of your dead end job and get you a new high-paying computer career
at a really neat job with a big paycheck at the end of it.
We're in the middle of it or during it. Call fast train and get you the training you need
in just four short months. They can train you for a new high-paying computer career
and they've got convenient day evening and weekend classes for you.
So there's bound to be a time that's convenient for your schedule no matter what it is.
And even better than that, they have locations all over town. So there's bound to be
a location nearby you. Fast train is in Miami. They're in Kindle, Pembroke, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
So get out of that dead end job. Say goodbye to that bullcrap boss and get yourself a real high-paying career
and change your life with one easy phone call. There's no obligation.
1-866 fast train, that's the number to call.
866 fast train and we should have registered at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker too.
Call them today. Be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck.
Toodied called his toll free number. 1-866 fast train.
1-866 fast train.
This is sports when you're bi-cicc.
You way up.
And the joy f*** them out.
You've got had a bomb and took a hit then would he act like teaching charm?
Can get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair.
And would he share it with Jesus and the saints?
Those pious pines and yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hot is great and yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hot is good and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why do cats know cannabis?
Smoke and pot like water baths.
Getting high on the back of the bus.
Just feeling loads of spitting storm.
On a grey hump us too long.
To get some Vatican homegrown.
A couple time backs to take home.
Smoke the big pop Marley on his throne.
Smoke burning heaven is your soul.
Since the cameras left the Osborne's Beverly Hills estate, we're wondering what's Ozzy doing now?
Hello, sir.
Well, you won't, little boy.
I'm a little league is starting up next week and I need to get a baseball bat.
I don't sell bats.
I don't want anything to do with bats.
My whole career has been based on nothing but bats.
I'll sell you a glove in a bowl but not a bat.
No, we need a bat to play with it.
What do you want me to do about it?
Don't you understand what I'm saying to you?
I've bitten the heads all for bat before.
My wife's sharing what made me wear a bat coat.
Get out of here.
I don't sell you a bat.
You've been dead of a bat.
Get out of here.
I won't sell you a bat.
Ridiculous.
When Peter got down, he could be any day now.
Oh, great boy.
No more his ugly face on Canal 23.
When Peter got down, he could be part of my fioshen.
Oh, my scar is here for steak.
We'll have nothing left to a steak.
Work for that horse, I'll wait for that even a stun major.
We'll find this more decent cigar.
Can folks in your van I will read when they trade in those free money 58 cars.
When Peter got down, he would be a block of unity.
We make every demand a frustrating day.
Oh, just like Saturday, can't they?
No more his ugly face on Canal 23.
Can't they play?
I'm a big rock star in nothing time.
Yes, I've made it.
While my guitar loudly reeks.
I make a big box with my axe, but I can't play it.
Yes, my guitar loudly reeks.
I have known talent, but great public relations,
but I've been having rotation on MTV.
I can't just smile and sell a million copies,
with hair so sloppy and my ripped jeans.
Welcome.
I live, I'm strong, some awful chords.
Yes, I beg it.
And my guitar loudly reeks.
I'm a big rock star in nothing time.
I'm a big rock star in nothing time.
I'm a big rock star in nothing time.
Would you slip and fall?
While your window is open,
or run down the hall?
While your window is open,
I'm out and tired.
I feel secure,
because your temp will watch while you're.
Oh my god.
You know when he's white,
you can feel it, baby.
You know it, hear it,
his timing so white.
He's a monkey, a-haw,
a-haw, he's a wiser,
he's like a white one, baby.
A-haw, a-haw, he's a monkey.
It is totally white, readable,
and occasionally dreadable,
and ain't got no butterball.
You pick a white one, baby.
You know when his wife,
you just got the face there.
Yeah, you got the white one baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
You got the white one.
Yo!
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
It is completely possible.
Very uncolorful and lovely.
Full of both.
You pick the white one baby.
Uh-huh.
22-1.
That's one of my old-time favorites.
Uh-huh.
And you know, another one I haven't played in years.
And see, I love this one.
They knew no one hour for many reasons.
What it be?
And I give me time to scroll through the DCS.
Yes.
And find stuff I haven't played in ages like when Fidel goes down
with a great gym skiler.
Right.
That's a masterful piece, especially when it gets in that stuff
about Saburo Jigante.
I love it.
21 till 1 at 5.
60 W.
Come on, we got the mad dog of one of us today.
Today, he's going to be doing that, uh, where you, uh,
Drudge Pack and Pro-M.
Hey, he shows, yeah.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know if he actually shows up or not.
Is either there.
Yeah.
I see.
He'll either be there or he won't.
It's Fitty Fitty.
You know, Mother's Day is Sunday.
That's 100% guaranteed.
And this year's surprise with a gifted relaxation from the
Inter-Retreat Spa and Wellness Studio, where she'll enjoy a
true spa experience.
The Inter-Retreat Spa and Wellness Studio is offering a great
Mother's Day package for just $99.
Mom and Jury will begin at her arrival, where professional
licensed staff members will greet her with soft music.
Candle Light and Hot Tea should receive a relaxing, revitalizing
facial followed by massage, designed to relieve all stress and
her neck back and shoulders, all for just $99.
The Inter-Retreat Spa and Wellness Studio is located at
726 Riverside Drive and prestigious Coral Springs, right next
to the Outback Steakhouse, called 954-34160-20 for more
information.
I mentioned WQAIM or my name in the first 25 people will get a
free aroma therapy candler or organic specialty soap in a
silk pouch with their Mother's Day package.
They're located in Coral Springs, like I said, at 726 Riverside
Drive.
Right next to the Outback Steakhouse, call them today 954-34160-20.
This year do something different really neat for Mom with a
true spa experience at the Inter-Retreat Spa and Wellness Studio
column right now 954-34160-20.
Slide in local, your sports radio 560-18-18-18-18.
How to Hell New Dad!
A long, long time ago, it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a
lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store, just ended the Spanish
American War, so they ported like it was 1899.
There were events that made you shiver, but there were times
we did deliver.
A promise that was kept with that famous one small step.
I can't remember each event or everything that man did
invent.
A century we will present.
This is how it went.
My, my how the time it did fly, since it started some depot
it many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right when they put in
their blame into flight and the start of radio.
Sigma Freud had his mum to thank and once a theory and
max blank and the Titanic that story we all know.
Well, World War I it soon began with shooting
Archduke Francis Bird and then millions died from the flu.
And the place think it was brand new.
And then Russia had each revolution.
Panama connected both the oceans.
Manoppa, please we won't see again.
A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly,
since it started some depot it many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
And without his relative a teen a mass produced a new model
T and the bird landed near Paris.
Then some moldy bread gave a pen of sill in Wall Street
and the great deep question and women would both like you and me.
And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and World War II
would soon begin to meet your return from land.
The project men had ten their pollution trial in Tennessee.
We caught our first look at TV.
Then the day that lives in infamy, a hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly,
since it started some depot it many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Franklin Winston they were soon to be winning, starting with the feed a invasion.
But at what an appalling cost.
In Russia no one did the frost.
In Germany they finally lost.
Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust.
Batman little boy and all the game changed the whole world on that very day.
Nino had just begun.
In China food fight in the sea town.
The first player in baseball that was black.
Israel got their homeland back.
Or Massachusetts elected Jack Gohan.
Three years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly, since it started something.
For the many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Separate for equal made such a fuss.
A rostitute tired when on the bus.
Holy oh cured with a vaccine.
Then my shot scared us big time with spot Nick.
Our troops into Korea quick.
Discovered the double helix scheme.
Oh JFK left us way too soon.
But promised to get us all to the moon.
U.S. first in space.
Yeah the pill we fitted race.
And the friendship said we climbed into the night.
Cubus Nisol gave us quite a fright.
Southeast Asia is on new fight.
A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the years they did fly, since it started something.
For the many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Niels giant step was the big news.
Rovers way gave women right to choose.
Nixon resigns about water gates.
Got the troops at a Vietnam.
Had hostages taken by Iran.
And a virus made us too scared to go date.
Access to babies helped a lot.
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft.
Chernobyl explosion.
The Berlin wall gets broken.
The U.S. is ours says goodbye.
Some students in China they did try.
Seven died in the Florida sky.
A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly, since it started something.
For the many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
We were singing my, my how the time it did fly, since it started something.
For the many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
Because a hundred years have gone by.
Okay.
1250 10 to 1.
Here's an interesting fact from Jose.
It says being a golf player I don't consider it pathetic.
However, reviewing on TV is a little pathetic.
What may be chuckle is that anything that kneeled does could never be considered pathetic.
So going to pomp and a harness all night and hanging out with a bunch of degenerates isn't pathetic.
Well, I would have in my vote love you, Neil Jose.
Well, love you to Jose, but let me say this to you.
What's number one on a pool, George?
Big fat slabs 102.
I didn't say I include myself in that category.
Right.
Yeah.
And what did I say yesterday with the dictions?
What was the number one in the pool?
Food.
Did I say I voted for food?
So Jose, I hate to recognize you sweetheart.
I love you too, but just lighting up a couple of shades.
Okay.
And you probably stay in the country a lot longer.
1251 at 560 WQM.
Mother's Day this Sunday.
It's just around the corner.
Perfect time to repay mom who spent so many sleepless nights walking up and down the halls looking here,
looking there to see if you're ever going to come home.
Shlopping out the window.
Donald mattress says the perfect mattress for mom.
If it's sagging, if it's lumpy or worn out, then pick up the phone and call our good friends.
And Donald mattress.
You know the deal now.
They got the best in the world.
They got Serta, Seely, King Coil Simmons.
I've been using them for years.
Every time I'm at Chris wears out, I make one simple call and there there are no time at all.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than a great night's sleep.
And you sure know what mom's sleeping on something that you wouldn't lay your ass on.
So do the right thing before Mother's Day is here.
You still have that time.
And don't forget, Donald mattress gets more repeat and referral customers than anybody else
because they know how to treat you right.
Don't forget, when you buy a mattress from Donald mattress, they set up the brand new one
and take away the crappy soiled stain worn out old bedding for free.
Let me say it again, Donald mattress sets up your new and removes the old bedding for free.
So this Mother's Day had mommy sleeping like a baby on a great new bed from Donald mattress in that guest room.
Gift certificates are available in all denominations.
So call today.
You still have time.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-MAT-FRIS for Donald mattress to easy the smart way to get you a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
My, my, and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
You weigh 2 A.M.
Brasgett.
A young man turns 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
It's too many seeds in your dime bag.
Getting to the party.
Two minutes too late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
Uh-huh.
It's like playing.
When you've lost phone breaks, the free bag.
When you're already baked.
The food we eat.
That you just didn't take.
Who would've thought you'd get it?
Hard-brownies.
That you already ate.
A nose-drawn design.
A love that you've brained.
It's like 10,000 joints.
When all you need is a light.
It's like having a feel of your dreams.
And then finding out he's like a hen to life.
And isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
Yes.
I'm going on too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's like playing.
When you've lost phone breaks, the free bag.
When you're already baked.
The food we eat.
That you just didn't take.
Who would've thought you'd get it?
We're the way girls race, she plays.
Oh, brain 100th for Ray.
Rose like us we've had in May.
Thousand with a day.
And you knew who you were again.
That one no black before again.
We've been using men like the boss and the boss again.
All the guys here knew we're straight.
Why do you want the things to hate?
The devil, the rattle ran grey.
The world, the world, the world.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded.
Saddamit people killed.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time agressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there told you that the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
You've turned that irract as some weapons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of.
Unnamed lot is but no one seems concerned all.
Come me and come places.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over into our head.
That irract as some weapons of mass destruction.
