Oh!
Oh, Kelly. He's known for his seductive style, his suggested lyrics, and for having relations
with underage girls, which means now all of his songs are inappropriate. That's why
Jailmate Records presents, our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits, with inappropriate tunes
like... Oh man, is that ever inappropriate? And that's why it's called, our Kelly's
greatest inappropriate hits, with improper favorites like... Buffy Grind.
Yikes! It's our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits. You'll ask, what is this per-thinking?
When you hear completely inappropriate songs like Sex Me, your body's calling,
Gown Low, and is most recent in the appropriate hit Ignition.
Come on, our Kelly! She's not even old enough to drive! So, she'll have to get
arrived from her mom to pick up a copy of our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits.
My name is our Kelly. Be by my new CD, so I will have enough money to free the country life from my play.
Thank you very much. Our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits, available wherever records
to owners have no schools whatsoever.
Now, when he say let me stick my key in your...
Correct! What?
Ignition. In your slot?
903 or 560 WQ, I'm happy Wednesday to you. Now, it's not going to be the same show,
Mo, it's going to be very similar though. In fact, we're going to rip you in ass for three hours.
Just three.
Well, we got new into one. It's mostly...
Oh, I forgot.
Have you forgotten it's the Wednesday new record?
Oh, wow!
Of course we could play a lot of more.
A lot of more.
A very bad hour.
That would be wrong.
The old man is starting to have a break. He's starting to lose it.
You know, I heard proof this morning on his show.
I have a new suggestion for Gregory, the general manager of this place.
You do?
Yes. Take Neil, his program, off the air, where people can hear it.
And just program it internally on a loudspeaker system in the radio station.
You're asking why would I suggest that?
Why would you suggest that?
Thank you very much for thinking of that question.
The reason is...
I'm insightful, interviewer.
And given the content of the program?
Only the people in the radio station give a crap about what that pathetic old man's talking about.
Talk about the podcast and kettle-puse man, pathetic old man.
Woo!
You're in denial.
See, I guess the age thing really got to him when we finally figured it out when we sat down with a pencil and pad.
And side-figured out since he enjoyed watching Thai Cobb played baseball back in the early part of the century.
He's got to be like, over 100, his age.
I'm serious.
I mean, here's a guy that talked about his recollections of post-civil war.
And he's talking about me being a pathetic old man.
Who you kidding, Mo, in addition to which the audience loves the inside stuff?
One of our world-famous polls we did a few months ago.
And far beyond anything else in the world they want to hear inside crap, man.
That's why our show is so popular.
Inside edition, outside edition, current edition, last edition.
That's what the public wants is a lot of dirt.
And believe me, at Q&M we got lots of dirt.
We're blowing dirt all over the place.
Look at that pool that he was upset about.
Well, he's upset about a lot of things, I guess.
I mean, here was my good, close personal buddy, you know?
Every day just when you think you're on the verge of really bonding with the molemyster
and then all of a sudden he turns like a cornered rat.
A US girl, he's right there with his head up his clothed me back.
Girl, I put my head in some turpentine and get that stuff off of there, girl.
It's certain to mold.
1400 and some odd votes yesterday.
And even though George had a good start here, yes, they're 1445.
Look at that.
What program changes, what programming changes does WQM need to make to improve big time?
We asked yesterday.
Oh, why do I kid curry?
Being a boy doesn't really have SARS.
OK, you can come back to coast is clear.
He's not going to take any chances.
No, you're not taking no chances.
What a bunch of pussy you got, you know?
No, seriously, stop and think about it.
What are the chances of it even here?
Even here where, well, we're just again, then, these little cards they're handing out now
when you go to the airport, you know?
Or if you drive into the country in Ontario.
Little cards about SARS.
What are they saying?
Officials here.
Particularly the size of the crowds that indicated the determination of the she is to have a larger voice and affairs.
Yeah, the she-ites are, in fact, the Americans are saying, oh, she-ite, man.
A lot of crap going on over there in Iraq.
But anyway, I don't know what everybody's so panicky about.
It's a very, unless you go to the hospital and breathe in, inhale a lot.
1445 votes.
What programming changes do we need to make to improve this station?
And of course, today and tomorrow we're just killing some time, boys and girls,
wait until Friday when the book comes out the winner book.
Now, ordinarily, I mean, you know, ratings come and they go, we get the trends every month and every three months.
There's another rating book.
This has been going on since the beginning of time immemorial, as somebody would say.
But I do have a feeling that this rating book on Friday will be the turning point for WQM as we know it or knew it or will know it.
Would you agree?
You're implying like they're going to do something based on that.
No, but I'm just saying that if ever they did, if ever there was action at Jackson, if ever there was a call for action.
Now is the time.
Isn't the shinshi died by what?
Alicia Alicia.
We're just what a shame.
But her her drop in lives on 14, ever in 51 votes and mole.
I'm going to tell you, man, nobody can touch the mole man.
He thinks only that see he really believes that it's only the people in the building.
I'll hate him like poison.
So we ought to put this show on a megaphone.
It was the fact that the matter is most of the people outside hate you.
Are you interrupting me again?
Hit him on the side of the head Carlos.
Good.
Real hard.
466.
I mean, you were giving him a little bit of a run for the money and the early going here and man he pulled away like secretariat in this stretch.
The late chick Anderson could be caught in this horse race, but he probably won't.
Dump Moe get a new morning show 466 people 32.1% almost a third of this audience said dump the mole man.
He blows.
Dump Moe he blow.
Move Neil back to 10 to 2 actually edges you out.
How do you like that for second place?
296.
You heard that Duffin clearance you simple to ins man.
296 people that's a 20 point 3%.
So that's the most important programming change you can make is get the show where back of the longs where from 10 to 2.
Got all mighty.
Well, we like I said it's pay week on the Friday.
It's the 25th.
So we leave clearance out of this and he's done such a great job of producing those paychecks, but in the case of Muff.
You asshole.
Yeah, get with it.
Get with it.
Quit dicking around man.
10 to 2 which we already discussed is 85,000 different ways for them to work that out.
Did they do it?
No.
Are they talking about it?
No.
Now just just live service because they still want to continue using the 9 to 10 hours for me to try to goose up the lame, lame ass numbers of this daughtering old koot.
Anyway, look at that.
The votes are going up as I'm speaking here.
I could just do this and milk this for three hours.
You know me.
Yeah.
468 votes for the moment.
Get them off.
299 say get Neil back to 10 to 2.
Keep George off the year 274.
So let's see your six short.
194 votes he beat you by obvious shame.
You're not even the same leak anymore with the moment.
A piker.
I mean, they hate you, but not even a close to the hate they have for him.
No more Marlins games.
181 and that was a little bit of a late addition.
The Marlins move.
Hey, they won last night.
Anybody care?
No.
By the way, the Leafs suck.
That guy from Philly.
Don't bother calling me.
Okay, cuz I'll cut your ass right off.
Team played good, even though it's nighters and asshole and Bob Bobby Clarks a bigger asshole.
And I filled it off your fans.
The worst which that inspired me for the poll today.
But the Leafs didn't show up a better team one and I got man enough to say that.
The better team, uh, yeah, they won.
Leafs sunk.
Back to the drawing board, Yerke Lume.
Okay, let's see.
No more Marlins games.
181.
Don't change a thing.
It's fine.
And even 5% 74 people said that.
And even 5%.
We could do that again if we tried.
Could we?
I doubt it.
74.
That's not very good, which means 95% said there's room for improvement.
Bring back the Crow 48 3.2% want the Crow.
They say the signal comes to them as the Crow flies.
Neil should retire like George Stepin 42 2.8%.
Said I'm starting to think about it.
We'll stop.
Huh?
No, I'm thinking today would be a good day to do that.
I got lots.
I got to go get a haircut.
I got a lot of things to do.
Lots more Joe Zagaki 33.
And you know something.
His stock has risen dramatically in recent months only.
Only since we all started playing at drop in.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh my.
You know what?
How we've moved him up in the world.
In fact, he's picking up the slack where the beast dropped off.
I will say mo because I know he's listening on the way home.
I will say this.
Did I say he was right about something yesterday?
I forget what it was.
Need to.
I forgot.
But today I'll say it again about the beast.
I believe he was correct.
Maybe that's what it was.
I think it was.
The beast.
You were right.
Unprofessional and the detriment to the radio station.
He's a detriment to our lives.
I'm going to say it again.
I don't know.
Call me insensitive.
Call me a daughtering old fool.
You're an insensitive daughter.
Okay.
But the fact of the matter is that I'm just sick and tired of trying to say fat people have
a death wish.
And that man has a death wish.
Who the hell's he can eat in the freaking rascal house and shoving him.
God damn pickled sausages down his pussy at 7.11 and eating a gobs of soup at the hurricane
game.
Who you kidding beast.
Just this one time.
I have to agree with the mole man.
I think he had a stomach on it.
Run on the beast forehead.
When you have to see the beast wearing one of Mozae here pieces.
Oh God.
I'd pay $1,000 to see that.
I'm serious.
I'd love to see that.
Huh?
Let's see if we can arrange it.
Because you talk about a fat head.
He makes Joe Rose look like Ike about a crane.
It's had a so big the beast.
And Mo would probably have to like so two of them things together to cover up all of the beast ball spot.
I'll go snatch one off his head.
Don't say snatch.
Okay.
Now let's see.
We bring back the crow 48.
Neil should retire like George Stippin 42.
It's certainly a possibility.
Lots more Joe Zagaki 33.
Dump the Humper 25.
The Humper is very well.
They love you Hank.
Even though they like to bitch you out behind your back.
And dump the mad dog only 13.
Mad dog wins man hands down.
He's a everybody loves the mad dog.
We're not really sure why.
But I guess the old expression what's not to like applies.
Oh, it's speaking about his wins.
They were getting ever closer to that big.
They saturday the draft show and a draft party and all the draft stuff.
And will continue to insist at least the last time I heard it the other day
that he's not going to be there.
I'm mad dog was talking about yesterday.
He's already talking what he's going to be doing and talking about.
And this and that.
So I don't think he's going to have much influence over the mad dog on this one.
Does anybody else know?
So mad dog will be there because that's the course part of the deal.
But the moment since he's got such strong numbers to back him up.
He's playing hard to get.
Playing fast and loose with Greg's emotions.
Can you imagine if the play by play guy for the team didn't show up at the draft party?
Can you even imagine that?
No.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Well, there are some depressed leaf fans there on the CBC.
Wow, that's what it goes.
In this bar we're left to wonder what happened.
What happened?
We got our ass kicked.
913 at 560 WQIM.
If you find yourself in a really crappy miserable dead end job, if you're unhappy about it,
if you ain't getting out of bed in the morning to go to work because you know you're just spinning your wheels
and working for peanuts like an elephant, here's the answer.
You're called our good close personal friends at fast train.
And they'll tell you how they can help you get started in a brand new high-paying computer job.
And when payday comes, you'll have a big smile on your push.
So if you're tired of that dead end job, if you're tired of working for some schmuck,
call a fast train today.
They offer you a convenient day evening weekend classes.
Check them out on the worldwide web if you like it fast train.com.
So get out of your dead end job.
Here's the chance you've been waiting for.
And you can call a fast train today tool free at 866 fast train because they got locations all over town.
There's about to be one convenient to where you live.
So it'll be a piece of cake going to class.
In just four short months they can have you on the road to a great career.
Fast trains in Miami, they're in Kindle, Timberpines and Outfort Lauderdale.
And don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Wave that baby in the breeze proudly.
Call fast train tool free 1-866 fast train.
And look all this is 4205 city.
You get a lot of things.
Five!
The new Rogers are sports hall radio WQAF.
He's saying hello to us today. He's right.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
We're shooting down the hill.
17. Oh good news for the information.
Iraqi Information Minister is still alive.
That's what they're saying.
Now he went off with his in laws.
Some of the accords and way.
That's a relief.
Iraqi Information Minister is still alive.
His bad news for Moe.
He might drive off the road.
You better pull off the side of the road and rest for a couple of minutes old man.
The Iraqi Information Minister may be starting next Monday morning with Guldi.
You see that pairing?
I love it.
Guldi can just quack in a background.
Anyway, don't forget our hot couples contest.
You can check out neo-arrogues.com and on our website.
Now Carlos has really gone ballistic on her.
Have you taken a look at it?
Yeah, it's great.
It's flaming.
Yeah, they're gigantic flames.
Flames of love leaping up from the information air about the hot couples.
It's a good thing we didn't have those on there last time.
Because with the exception of the winners,
I'm saying, well, you know, it was a little short spur of the moment kind of thing.
I'm sure it'll be way better this time with the live bill.
Maybe we'll have some people on the contest this time who are...
FAMING!
Now that's okay too, isn't it?
If we have like two of those, it's only two of those.
Same lady, or whatever.
No sex?
Yeah.
Just log on email and picture.
Now are we taking emails yet?
Or what?
Beenervoy.
Because I put on May 1st, but there's a reason we can't.
Yeah, they can already start because you can find a way to do it on there.
And this time we actually have some good prizes.
Not that we didn't last time.
But the winning couple will get three day two nights stay for two with the world
oasis resort in casino at the Bahamas, including round trip airfare on Laker Air.
Which is pretty damn good.
We'll be doing this once a month for three months.
May, June and Julio.
And, you know, the hot couples, you know, have to be naked in the pictures.
Hopefully, we don't want to see anything gross unless you really look good.
In that case, we'd like to see a naked or maybe with very little clothing on.
So check that out on neorodgers.com along with all the other brilliant things that Carlos and Eric have
put on there on a very proud website, which was right.
That is a door nail up until just a few months ago.
I mean, that thing was an embarrassment.
It was, oh, God.
Anyway.
Well, it was.
There was a lot of stale old crap on there.
Neils got 17 years locked on his contract.
And all this other crap, I mean, stuff from a hundred years ago.
There were pictures of Moa shaking hands with Babe Ruth from the mid-30s.
It was incredible.
What?
I didn't say anything.
Oh, yeah, you're starting in again.
You're not fooling me.
You and Eric and Carlos again, it's the trifecta man.
The trifecta. These three guys hate each other like poison.
Now, we'll get to today's poll momentarily.
But we ought to take some very important calls first.
If anybody wants to rip Moe by the way, feel free.
We're going to do it for three hours between now and noon.
Just out of spite for his intent to behave this morning.
It'll be the same show as yesterday.
He'll be talking about me and ripping me in at you.
Well, we don't want to disappoint.
We're here to please, Moe.
We don't want to disappoint you.
Although only people inside the building really care.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good. It's the Rift and Moe line.
I'd like to reference the keeping George off the air.
You're going to go ahead.
Do you remember a long time ago how you used to say
that you worked better on a loan?
Yes, I do.
Whatever happened to that, you do.
You worked way better on a loan, and that's my opinion.
Yeah.
And I want to give you guys a little,
a little what do you call it, a carc?
A little carc.
A little carc.
Live in Loco.
I like that, live in Loco.
Hold on.
Will you come and see your rip in him because he's ripping you in ass.
No, he says I work better.
See, look at that Carlos.
Was he stepping on me again or what?
Always.
Couldn't even see my lips moving.
What is wrong with this man?
Blind.
Mine is a bad probably caught that SARS from you.
By the way, that big orange lump on Carlos's neck,
we don't want to get people in a building pancai.
It is not SARS.
It's just old scars.
See, he told Kid Curie, these are old scars.
He had panimonia or something as a kid.
And so there's scars.
And Kid Curie thought he said,
it's SARS ran like a son of a bitch down the hall
and is probably spreading it all throughout power 96.
You're infected, Kid.
Infected.
Well, we'll see how well that infects you.
They are on Friday when a book comes out.
Then in the past, we always give the numbers out.
A lot of times we make a big production,
but never like we're going to do on Friday.
It's going to be a major stab against it.
I might even have a catered.
And just to show you what a prick I am yesterday,
when I guess what I had for lunch,
I already told you you said you can't guess.
Being a boy, what do you think I had for lunch yesterday?
Dai, Dai.
French toast.
Oh, be the toast.
French toast.
Really good.
You know the kind where they make it like big chunks.
You know what it was mean?
Take you ever seen that?
Yeah.
Dick sliced would like lots of butter and maple syrup.
Real Canadian maple syrup, eh?
Oh, God, it was good.
And then I turned around and I see the person at the table
behind me was like, I'll red in the face and coughing real hard.
And I ran out of there anyway.
Just a joke.
It's just a joke, OK?
Everybody is so guy, they have a tight date.
That's the main thing in the world now.
It's get everybody into a panic.
They're also they can play all their little games behind our backs.
Ah, she right there doing it again over there.
You ain't see nothing yet, man.
In terms of psychosis, the she-ites are marching
and the news networks in America trying
to make it look like, oh, this is great.
They're exercising the religious freedoms.
They were repressed by Sodom for so long.
What they don't understand is they want the Americans out
yesterday and they want to put in the same kind of guy
that in fundamentals regime that they have next door in Iran.
That's what they want.
They want their own Ayatollah.
I told you so.
How long before we get another Sodom to fight this one?
How many days?
About third, man.
See, that's not your just good with that stuff.
See, if he just keeps his mouth shut,
he's real good with the droppings.
Ain't no problem.
Now, we don't want you to dummy up altogether,
although lately, you're a little bit scary.
And the good news for the audience is
starting back.
What is it on the 4th of July in honor of our nation's birthday?
Or whatever the hell that they really is?
The 4th of July starts at summer schedule of ours.
So I'll be on only two days and Thursdays
to arrest the July and most of August.
And George would be on three times a week
unless we bring in somebody else.
Has there been any discussion about that?
With whom?
Maybe.
Yeah, have you talked yourself about it?
No.
What about Muff?
He'd been around this morning?
I haven't seen this morning.
Where the hell's the Muff, myster?
What is his story?
Oh, and by the way, Mo, what the hell kind of crap is this that?
He's running that promo, which doesn't bother me.
I thought it was funny with the virtue
from Boer's head about neo-Rarja's
wearing a pink dress or whatever that thing was, you know?
And the promo for Mo, that ran a several times,
was shot at me.
And no problem, I can handle it.
But Tommy comes in, I don't want to get Tommy in trouble,
but Tommy tells us that he can make any kind of promo's
for our show except if there's a color-ripping Mo.
We can't put that in there.
Now, what kind of double standard is that?
Just because he's a thin skin-up-pedal old man?
Yeah.
What kind of programming is that, Muff,
and clearance you butt plugs?
Now, what is that all about?
He can run promo, is mocking me,
and making all kinds of doing Rick Santorum homophobic crap,
which we'll get to, by the way,
and I apologize to whoever faxed me that on Monday.
I wasn't in the mood for Rick Santorum on Monday,
and he's right-wing homophobes.
But now it's such a big story,
and we'll get into it eventually.
After we take five, 600 calls.
We're going to get to the poll for today, okay?
In honor of that, Schmuck, who called me Monday
about the flyers.
Yeah, and again, flyers are a better team.
I told you that I didn't think the leaves are good
when the series on the maze that got to seven games.
Got really shown up last night for what they really are,
tired and old, and bad defense.
But nevertheless, he inspired me.
And what city will you find the most obnoxious people?
That's the poll question today,
and we start with four obvious choices.
And then, of course, you can add your own,
as we'll build our poll.
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people?
And this is just your opinion based on what you've heard,
what you've experienced, whatever bug you got up your ass.
Hopefully, it's not SARS.
Paris, New York,
Oi!
Philadelphia, or...
Thank you, Blitz.
Miami.
Now you're gonna say Miami?
Yeah, I'm going to.
So am I.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
I'm not, I'm saying Philadelphia.
Follow up with this.
That's not fair.
That's very unfair to my old friend.
What was his name, David David Savita?
Remember David Savita?
No.
He was a, uh, a paramedic in a Hollywood.
Maybe he's probably still on the top.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
David was from Philadelphia.
He was a fine, fine American.
Or whatever it really was, fine, a guido.
Love you, David.
But he's probably getting old and ugly now.
But anyway, he looked good.
So he was from Philadelphia.
If they look good, that's fine.
Then he nice people.
No, not even the, I don't know.
In fact, they showed the shots of the crowd
to the game last night, and filling, man, what a, oh,
you just look at a lot of those people to say, fat.
Some of them probably are from the fed Dien.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Not big on the Philadelphias, but you're right.
I probably vote for Miami too,
because every day I discover I'm gonna show
on friendly nasty, hostile WQA and friendly line.
See what I mean?
There you go.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
that was excellent.
Thank you.
That was out saying, and that was Mo callin'
on a mobile front, his way back to Voka.
Thank you, Mo.
For making my case, you basket case,
926, be sure and tell everybody in town
that this Friday's the big day, the moment of truth.
BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM!
We're not just talkin' about one abhorrent month
like January when a bunch of old retarded drunken
goofballs got the, I recently accidentally put
the moman down on there.
We're talkin' about a real test,
a real test of stick to it in this and longevity.
I think by Monday, he's out.
How many times have you heard about an opportunity
and you didn't act, you didn't grab onto it,
you missed out. Well, right now it's one of those times.
Rarely, there's an opportunity to wrap the rest
of what you're doing, but this one ought to stop
and put your head right up in the air.
Stick it up there.
Interest rates have gone down even lower
than they were before, which is amazing.
The financial group was offering an interest rate
of 3.45% and they lowered it to 2.95%.
Now, rates have gone down even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group.
Let me say it again.
2.45% you heard right.
So call financial group and check this out.
1-800-940-Lend, because these interest rates
probably won't last very long.
Here's the window of opportunity for you to hop through
with financial group.
Get yourself an incredible low rate of just 2.45%
and save thousands and zillions of dollars.
Call financial group as a toll free call.
Be sure and mention Todd Brex, name when you call 1-800-940-Lend.
Wobble 2.45% financing due to those monthly payments.
You might be wondering, I'll give you some, for instance,
if you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $786 a month.
If you have a $100,000 loan, you pay only $393 bucks a month.
So do it now.
Do yourself a humongous favor.
And call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend,
1-800-940-Lend, either an equal housing lender,
credit restrictions apply rates as something to change
without notice, 5.34 APR.
My, I'm low quality.
This is for 3-0-560.
You weigh 2A.
I have a new suggestion for Gregory,
the general manager of this place.
You do?
Yes.
Take me, his program off the air with people can hear it.
And just program it internally on a loudspeaker system
in the radio station.
You're asking why would I suggest that?
Why would you suggest that?
Yes.
Thank you very much for thinking of that question.
The reason is, given the content of the program,
all the people in the radio station
give a crap about what that pathetic old man's talking about.
Absolutely correct.
Thank you.
Take this off the air.
Come on, give me the microphone.
Because of the size, I don't go out at all.
I spend all day indoors, as I don't want to die from stars.
Oi!
Because of stars, I bought a surgical mask.
I look like Michael Jackson, but it's better than cat-ching stars.
Because of stars, every time I know his runs,
I call my doctor, and he tells me I don't have stars.
Because of stars, I cry all the time.
Now my throat's kind of raw.
Oh my God, does that mean I have stars?
Yes.
I'm 33 at 5.60 W.
You come to sunny shining.
Gonna be all the way up to 45.46 today.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, we're going through one of those screen time things,
you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
The spring up north, I mean, one day it'd be like 83.
And the next'd be 43.
So it's a little variety, eh?
Don't bother me.
Sun is shining.
It's a beautiful experience to tell you that.
I'm gonna open up the window right now and inhale.
Real, and see what I can catch.
See what's in the ear.
I see somebody already voted on there along with me on a pool.
You can put the pole up there already, Eric.
You don't have to keep the pole down.
We'll build it as we go, but, you know,
we unfairly, early cities that we have on here.
And this isn't just the most obnoxious people in America
or in North America.
This is in the world.
What city would you generally, I mean, you know,
it's a generalization, but it's fun.
It's the kind of stuff that they, they are.
Noth or teeth on.
What's that expression?
They cut their teeth on.
Oh, yeah.
Never cut your teeth.
No, come in to QIM.
Hey, guys, Dr. Neal speaking.
Neal.
Let me ask questions.
Did you watch more of the last night?
No, I did not.
I was watching a hockey game.
It would have been a much better idea.
You're right.
Oh, you majorly missed a big deal.
No, nobody's mentioning a deal, huh?
How big was it?
Let me ask you a question.
You didn't see the preview for next week.
No.
They show a full, back, nude shot of your boy Clark.
Brack, I don't care about his ass.
I'd rather see him.
Yeah, I figured you would.
You know, the old cigarette spot, it's up on front.
It's what's up front, the counts.
They can think I'm smoked out in the back a little bit
with a little cloud, but they showed it, man.
I don't know.
I can't believe you haven't heard about it yet.
I'm going to go in and mark it on a wall right now
for next week.
I said you will.
OK, my man.
Thanks, man.
Boy, he's sounded pretty excited about it, didn't he?
Wow.
Woo.
My man.
He is my man.
He's anybody's man.
You're gay.
He's a man's man at Tom Welling.
I'm getting a swelling right now thinking about Tom Welling.
Now, I'm not into a ass.
I know that's a very, you know, Rick Santorum
probably wouldn't understand that,
but then a lot of heteros don't understand that.
These terminally heterosexual people
like Rick Santorum and these other Republicans.
Ah, you're a fag.
And of course, that's the response.
They've been doing that for years, they're right wingers.
They have to find a scapegoat just like Hitler did.
Of course, Hitler found a lot of different ones.
Rick Santorum, though, he's got real problems.
Now, he's got tourists under fire for comments
on homosexuality.
Top Democrats and gay rights advocates blasted comments
by Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania,
which he appeared to compare homosexuality
in says big of me an adultery,
and then called on the Pennsylvania Republican
to repudiate the remarks.
One prominent Democratic group yesterday also called on
Santorum to resign his leadership post in the Senate.
White House had no comment on this, by the way.
Guess who, of course, they asked and had no comment.
Ari.
Right.
Ari, the fairy had no comment.
This is just like Pete Williams all over again.
Same thing.
Same kind of crap.
But nevertheless, I'll save that for a little later.
Because I do want to be the Maureen.com.
I don't think there's any words in there.
I don't know either.
I'm disappointed Maureen.
It's really good.
Did you take a peek at it?
Yeah, probably not.
Okay, I'm bigger pardoned.
Nothing.
There you go.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on a AT&T
in Verizon Wireless line.
Did duck come in to tell you about the schedule this summer?
No.
Why not?
I heard they're having maybe they're having
ding dong school with the old moman this morning.
I think that's possible.
He didn't come in telling you the breaking the news
that Rick and Sus are going to be working this summer.
It's that you know, because they're not.
I just thought I would say that.
What you need the extra cash.
How about if they work and then they still
pay you the extra cash?
I hit great.
I'll run the bar.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the what they in what city will you
find the most obnoxious people and also who should we
have fill in the summer since it's coming up very soon.
Georgia somebody else give us some names.
Maybe we could have mode of the show.
Okay, he's only doing three hours anyway.
What kind of a show is that a three hour show?
I mean, may I do those two hours because he's like a buffer
on the station.
Plus he's got that other business.
It is which is where he really makes all his money from.
This is just like a hobby.
WQ I am.
Yeah, they all.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening to you.
If you came to town back when you do used to do the issue
or you just shows.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
And the best radio I think you ever did was when you were
doing the hell and the hell and the hell.
It was the best way it's ever done.
It's smart.
Wow.
But I got to tell you I'm sort of glad that jica got underneath
your skin because things have been.
What do you mean jica got under my skin?
What does that mean?
Well, we start talking about the periodicals on the radio.
It got here.
And this left of it.
And I don't even think that this band is some of the other
things.
I think this stuff with the mo.
Eight mo.
What kind of target is mo?
I mean, if day after day, you're firing away at them.
And so it's what you're trying to do is tell me what I should
do on the show.
Is that was that the purpose of the call?
So the purpose of the call is to tell you that I don't
understand what George contributes.
And now, wait a minute.
You just got to tell me about Mo.
And about you don't understand that.
You don't understand what George contributes.
What is it that you do like about the show?
Let's find out about that since we're not
talking about how and Dale anymore since it's old crap.
Well, I like your personality.
I like the way you handle colors.
I like the show.
You mean like this?
Five say, I'm not interested in that crap.
He's going to give me a critique.
He's critique in George.
I don't want no critique.
I'll talk about Mo all I want.
The audience, take a look at the poll from yesterday, sir.
Mo wins hands down.
This guy must have a thing for Mo's air piece.
He must be in love with it.
And listen, since the day you came to town,
but you don't like this, so we don't like that,
how about if we do all your old howl and Dale stuff
for you?
What do you say?
No.
Man, cranky, crabby in that perfect for our poll.
12 votes on there now.
The poll is up finally.
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people?
Miami six, Paris four, New York two, Philadelphia none yet.
None for Philadelphia.
That's because there are a bunch of front running
phoneies, probably see a bunch of people running around
with flyer jerseys on now all over town.
They threw away their red wing jerseys.
Now they got flyer jerseys out.
I know that crowd.
W-D-Q-A-N.
Hey, that's a meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want to add to your poll, Boca.
Boca?
Absolutely.
OK.
And I was in Boca.
I'll see there I go again.
I think that guy was right, though.
George.
Yeah.
Socks, man.
Yeah.
Oh, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T.
But he didn't give me no alternative.
See, I'm asking him, giving an opportunity.
George sucks.
Click any hangs up the phone.
See your phone technique.
A lot of you people, your phone technique is weak, very weak,
weak and weak as we seek to take a leak during the break.
20 to 10 at five sixty.
There's a fat Alfred Hitchcock on there.
After what happened to them would.
Yeah, what happened to you, man?
Good.
He looks like he got caught at a buffet over the weekend.
It couldn't find a way out the door.
Speaking of foods, speaking of people
that are fat and grotesque like Ken Hitchcock.
Kind of curious to see how we play now.
Yeah, so my I think I was going to be your ass forced
rate.
I could be wrong, but I think I was going to kick your bloody ass.
Do you like the West Boca?
Can you help you lose that this guy?
Look at that.
This guy can't even get up out of the chair, Hitchcock.
Ken has must match you Alfred Hitchcock or Ken Hitchcock.
You know Ken Hitchcock?
No.
Shut up.
Do you like the West Boca?
Can help you slim down with over 700 low-carb
sugar-free products, whether it's number one atkins,
die or any low-carb sugar-free diet?
The lights of West Boca is your low-carb super store.
Come in and try some of their newest bakery products
like chocolate cupcakes and brownies
by carb control, control carb whatever they call themselves,
with only one effective gram of carbs per serving.
And be sure and check out all the other great things
they have in a store too, like low-carb pastas, sauces,
dressings, cheesecakes, chocolates,
and their famous soft-served carbolite ice cream.
Don't forget, into the lights of West Boca,
all I can bread products are 25% off all day every day.
Talk to their knowledgeable staff,
and you'll see why they've been around for a long time.
They're open daily 10 to 10.
And you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades
in 441 next to Boston Market.
I'm like some of the old people in Voka.
These people are friendly and they'll treat you right.
Call them toll-free at 1-877 low-carb,
or shop them on the net if you like it, lowcarb.com.
Check this place out if you're trying to lose some weight
and looking for some really great food ideas.
Delights of West Boca, your official atkins retail center.
I'm a private local, this is five-sixies.
Ready to go, yours.
Untie caught DCO,
getting over that bunt.
But I'm willing to sing too much.
Commonly employed,
or emotionally pursued,
I don't wanna could now my mama told me you better take me out
To approach yeah, you better take me out
Take me out
If she said it's not a joke no my aim be fun
But take me to the place that goes got some money
If you don't mind me so make yourself sit full now
I'm gonna move back in these days now
My mama told me you better take me out
For brush yeah, you better take me out
You better take me out
For brush yeah, you better take me out
946-560-WQ
What do you waste all your time talking about that old man Moe for?
And George blows on the air and why are you doing this and why are you doing it?
And Miami is the most obnoxious people on the face of the earth
And we're out here to prove it
They're doing a good job today so far
22 out of 51 votes say Miami the most obnoxious people you'll find
Paris 13-E or 12 fill out for you 4 and both of you don't have any yet
And we'll add much more won't we if we get any
566-705-60
Town 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
WQ-YM
Hi is this Neil Ruggers?
Yes sir
Hey Neil I was watching Hardball last night
I'm so sorry
I like that show I like Chris Matthews
I don't
Anyway they showed those lunatics and I rack out in the street
Yeah
And how 60% of the population is Shi and they want an Iatola and they want to rip back
What I ran guys and I just said what in the hell did we go there for
All we did was open up the Pandora's box
Yeah how about the 100% unemployment rate they've got
100% unemployment
I mean the people one thing that they keep saying over and over again is that most of us were
Working while Saddamas here as bad as he was we were working we had jobs we had some
Ordered to our lives now there's total this order there's a complete chaos
And almost nobody has a job because first of all they have a shop that hasn't been burned down yet
It's been looted they have no merchandise anymore
And if they work in some kind of an office most likely the buildings already been blown up
Chris had a on the show Chris had this guy camera with name
He looked middle-easter and he works for Newsweek International
Anyway the guy was saying in order for us to keep from the Shi'ai's from taking over and installing their
Theocracy and whatever we'd have to stay there from three to five years
And I'll tell you what I just don't see the Bush administration or any
Administration having to wear with all to stay there for three to five years
And put out with suicide bombings and whatever else goes along
And especially while we're busy invading Syria and all these other places for example I got a story
Here today US has plans to bomb North Korea new plant
So we're going to be real busy I guess have a great day pal good luck to us
Pentagon has drawn up plans to bomb an North Korea nuclear plant if it reprocesses spent
Nuclear fuel rods according to an Australian newspaper report yesterday that
Was downplayed quickly by Australian officials citing well-informed can bear
Sources close to US thinking the Australians foreign editor Greg Sheridan said US
Is produced a blueprint to bomb young beyond if the plant went ahead with reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods to make atom bombs
He said the plan also involved a US threat against North Korea and heavy artillery in the hills above the border with South Korea
Threatening the capital's soul in about 17,000 US troops stationed nearby
But Australian foreign minister Alexander Downer shrugged off the report he said it was a real downer
Which came on the eve of a meeting and beaching between the US China and North Korea
Ended ending a six month standoff over Pyongyang suspected arms programs
How do you like that but we're standing by just in case we're ready to bomb them baby
We're going to wrap with a bomb a grandeur and then we're going to get Syria and then we're going to get Iran
And then we're going to get Cuba and then we're going to get Mexico and Canada and
And Faulkland islands Las Melvinas and who after that Libya
Uganda Ireland
Scandinavia and they place else we feel like it on a given day right yeah Sudan
The Sudan only them out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon in fact the CBS eyes get ready to do that
Sudan for those weak numbers
By the way speaking of numbers Friday market on a calendar baby
Oh it's going to be a tremendous day
We don't know if it's going to be good or bad but I just have a feeling in my bone and it's going to be really something that we're talking about for months to come
I'll be something other than Moe but we can talk about Moe's bad numbers
That kind of called a minute ago what what is that all about I mean what where did that come from?
Huh all over the place and what are you talking about Moe and George Stockson
You used to talk about howl and Dale you know sir I think it's time to like take a long dirt nap you know I think it's that time
WDQAM
Hey it's Danny from Atlanta George
Yeah
Oh it's me like I knew G
We don't put George on the phone people are tired of listening to that
You got to put 4,000 votes for me for Boka for the oxygen thing
I'm going to tell you why I worked up that Myzner Park where they have the concerts now
Yeah
And working with dealing with the people from Boka is it's got to be worse than having your toenails pulled out or must be flyers
Holy!
Oh you know Dale you wouldn't believe it if you're so obnoxious
Everything is got to be catered to them or never wrong
As the Tony Bennett show this older guy and his wife were sitting at the wrong seats
And I said sir these people supposed to be in your seats he goes well you know I didn't like the seats that I had so I moved over here
Holy!
And I said I think you just cannot do that I go you got the seats over there I'm sorry Anthony he goes well I'm a retired judge can't you see things my way?
I swear to you I swear to you on your dog that is the true story I can tell you more stories you can imagine
Well thank you my dog never went to Boka okay thanks Danny my great time okay stay out of Boka
Danny says Boka sucks I wish we had the Boka song but I don't have any any of it here you have it
It's none of the things are you crazy it's not in the thing no it's just another one of those many things that obviously
Should be in air that is not it's never been in there where the hell is it you're asking me
And the only place that it might be would be on that Boka Brian Dix that for that embarrassing first one he made
With his push on it all around somewhere huh you got it looking he's looking for it 64 votes
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people Miami 26 New York 17 Paris 15
Filth Adolfo you finally is on the board there with four must be Billy what else is name it Bobby Clark fans Boka retuned to
Billy Smith fans sorry Billy that's wrong city five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless line WQ a.m. Yeah meal yeah all right look Crawford and Washington DC are the two most obnoxious cities in the universe
Yeah and they should be on the list Crawford Crawford Texas and Washington DC well we'll put Washington on there
I don't think we're going to get somebody votes for Crawford thank you sir and have a great life in DC
That's a guy that's got moved out by some of the next five six seven oh five sixty moved to Georgetown man it's good enough for the people in the exorcist
Wasn't that where that was in Georgetown? I die huh I don't know you will well what that would you know you're a punk what do you know from the exorcist okay
Georgia's busy looking for the Boka Brian disc with the book is here I have not here I know I have a meat book what the hell good is that going to do huh
I'll find it it's probably around here somewhere and if not it's it's got to be somewhere don't he's got a copy I'm sure and he'll bring it in what would me he'll bring it in oh he's coming today yeah well that's going to be too late five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we got washed in DC on the list now how are we doing this with Eric are we doing like one at a time kind of like the way they're coming in from the audience WQ I am
yeah yes they're speaking oh you knew what yes yesterday oh god that was cute but it's the same show as yesterday isn't it I don't know if anything that's the same as it was on yesterday
to tell you what more was telling oh I would like to hear this one more time just to make sure that I heard right this morning kind of her wrong
I have a new suggestion for Gregory the general manager of this place you do yes take me all his program off the air where people can hear it and just program it internally on the loud speaker system in the radio station now there you go I love it that great first of all I guess he hasn't checked out our signal lately and
inspired the fact that he's listening on a way home to book right now because the idea that our signal is on here where somebody can hear it that's that's a falsehood to begin with who
can hear this station yeah there you go it must be driving up the old Hershey highway on 441 right back in power lines WQ I am yeah okay WQ I am hello
you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you
all are randomly you know you know you know you know you know you know You go to them all the resources and how to collect the troubles and you know you want to make them do a plan and where the tools and you know you know you know a plan and here you know you can switch them again exactly as you want
for everyone that is going to solve all the questions is about the questions are there for
By the way did dumb enough ever bringing a copy of gildies contract?
No
Why the hell not?
I don't know
It's quite reminds a lot of know just how much that little squeaker is making there in the morning
That that show must have close to a million dollar budget by the time you put in the big bucks that the Zach and the Grieper are making there and
You got Moe and Gildy
Right
What's that about a million dollar payroll on a three-hour show that's the salespeople say couldn't sell that can't give the spots away
I mean what's the story on that show?
956 at 560 WDQM here's a place where they're not given things away
But next best thing to it and that's how the party X GMC now they don't give you your cars
But they give you such fantastic deals that like I said the next best thing Tom Lehman and Joe Prieta right now
We're running three great Neil deal specials for you for listeners of this show
Neil deal number one gets you 0% financing for 60 months and every Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil deal number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock up to a four thousand dollar
rebate on every new car and or truck and stock right now at hell it and Neil deal number three if you're currently a GM
Smart Leaser Smart Buy customer and driver Chevy Blazer and Olds Bravado or GMC Jimmy buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC
Get you an extra thousand dollars off the price stop by hell it and test drive the all-new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix
Halibut Pontiac GMC
They've been making great deals and at same sensational location for 35 amazing years
134 1 South Dixie highway that's on us want to cross in the falls open every day seven days a week
To want more information on these Neil deals just call the Neil deal hotline till free at 1.88
534 4211. That's 1.885 3442 11 and please keep in mind all Neil deals are subject to credit approval
See the afforded tales ham and potty X GMC who are no mistake about it professional grade
We're sports radio 5 CC
UAM
Neon God
I need to light my shoe
When there's a bomb in my shoe and melody in my heart
When I blow the
Part
Show the world that my
Your life is worth the cake for my religion the reason why
A bomb on my feet
I would a wet spot on your seat
You'll find that I'm an outsider
When there's a bomb in my shoe
What a wonderful way to drive this way
No
Well, so the good news is I found that the bad news is I assume since I have these bookabrain archives
You know that have allegedly every bit that I ever did in his life and somebody stole from other people
Yeah, and it's not on here the book is he's bringing it in today
I know what kind of crap is that why is that not on his archives?
I don't know and I you I know it's on meat book a Brian and I used to have a personal copy in here in the studio somewhere
I can't find it somebody with that baby. Yeah, somebody with some light finger jackass in that building. Oh, Anthony
Anthony stole it huh?
Well, I don't know.
We got a bunch of light finger clowns running around there and of course Mupp who is among the missing today is what we understand
He's you know they can't do anything for us put a lock on a door do anything like make it a real place of business
It's kind of like Iraq all over again. We have a rack nephobia QA and where we place to just open up
Yeah, open up the rooms and loot tear hearts content like fat boy used to steal a candy out of the power 96 room
Out of the promotional orifice what he been used to oh and speaking of fat boy so Jeff high yesterday and we talked about him a great length
I told him to be the same show today. I get yesterday afternoon a facts two faxes from fat boy hi up alley
You're not getting the food you type of crap and don't lie. We got good memories. Okay?
You didn't lose any weight on balance for life. He didn't stick to it and you're just a man who is a death wish
And like I told you before the show today not only the beast I have no room anymore for fat people with a death wish
But you had friends toast for lunch and I had almost nothing to rest of the day my blood sugar this morning was 116 which ain't too bad
Okay, I'm doing just fine. I'm making nice come back
And at least I'm making some kind of a feeble attendance and while I was opposed to these people who pretend if they're not fooling me
Maybe they could fool you for a while because you weren't a fat person, but they're not fooling me because I know what it's all about
Fat people with a death wish
We just want you to just you know, they'd like to be buried side by each with you
Here's a facts from Stephen and Snotstale who says I'd like to nominate Scottsdale Arizona
For having the most obnoxious people on the face of the earth the people are such right wing goose stepping all about me
Buttheads they make my amies population look like intellectuals also. They is Michael Moore's Moore's birthday
How do you like that?
Yes, wife, you know, so I guess we ought to play
So that would be a subversive as we're reputed to be an honor of Michael Moore's birthday happy birthday Michael. You're okay in our book
I
Think you like Americans to celebrate by having your original thoughts as Stephen. Thank you Stephen and Snotstale
You got that on there Scottsdale Arizona. We got it. You got it
Well now that I got the book of Ryan archives out. This will be good for the noon to one hour
Especially to piss off that guy that hates focus so badly
5 6 7 0 5 60
I mean is this pull a difficult question to try to add to it?
I mean, we know we'll talk about whatever the hell they want but the fact of the matter is it seems pretty obvious to me
In what city would you find the most obnoxious people?
We're not talking parochial like you know, you know, five blocks up the road
Well, a people let's reblocks away from me on the east side. They're really assholes
Now that's not what we're talking about
But this again puts that big spotlight that gigantic focus on just how parochial South Florida is
Evan Tura. I mean just
Gag me with a prune man, Evan Tura
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and T in Verizon line WQ I am
5 yes, sir
Aspen
Aspen's band
I don't respect
Yeah, okay, that's it. No reason. No right. Don't put it on there. I hardly disagree anyway
Well, I mean just just to call to give me the name of a city. How about the Tavia? There's a city
Hamilton Ontario. There's a city WQ I am
Yeah, yes, sir
I hope you let me finish George's dog's dog's dog's dog's dog's
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line
That would be Q I am
Being in thin. Yeah, the intense a big yeah, okay? No
No chance
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5
We're picking up where we were off the 11 o'clock hour yesterday. We even had a bald spot guy yesterday
The guy started shrieking and yelling about you're lying to us down
And then he just started with a lot of non sequiturs took me about 45 seconds to finger him out. He was okay
WQ I am
Q a M yes, sir speaking
Deal. Yes
Patrick Watt so much for his greatness nice going by the Minnesota wild by the way
Yeah, it was great the way he just to fake him right out went around him and stuck it in there was beautiful
It was a beautiful site and I'm a red wing fan and I'm feeling pretty low now. How about
I'm not Detroit is pretty bad people
Hey man, okay, thank you Detroit not bad. Detroit's pretty disgusting scummy place
I don't know if the people are that obnoxious, but we'll put it down just in general principle Detroit
He's just looking at his wounds because the wings got swept at least the least one three games anyway, eh?
At least we stretched him to seven against the much better team
Right, we just gagged and choked five six seven oh five sixty a lot of playoff hockey if seven
I'm sure in South Florida. I don't mistake about that
Wightening into playoff's not to keep going in one their first round over the capitals
Nice going area of Tampa Bay. That's something good. We can say about that not too much
How about Loots
WQ I am
Moe hate line. Yes Moe hate line
Moe please take care of that infected meat curtain
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon
Wireless line. I better get to some of these bedtime stories, you know, because I've only got till noon and
So far I thought this pulled me a piece of cake
But then again, I keep forgetting about how parochial South Florida is now most of these people even though they claim to be from some place else
The last 20 years they haven't left the north of Palm Beach County that to them is a big outing
I don't get it
Don't want to be going anywhere now though. You never know what you might catch WQ I am
Yes, sir
It was a man. Yeah, I'm on hold for like an hour man. What deal with that? We have you on hold?
We're up on anybody on hold. I mean the damn thing was ringing for like a while because we're doing scrimless
You're on right now, man. Don't waste precious time because you could hear that dial tone again real fast
Hey, you need to speed it up with picking up some college men. Yeah, yeah, I'll come down to the States and man's left
Yo, yeah
And George, too. Yeah, yeah
Hey, nearly how much relief last night man. Yeah, really five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
You come on down to the station just beat the crap out of me. Okay, just beat the snout out of me
We got a new blow up now sitting there and cheering for anybody might do with that though
I'm not getting a little carried away WQ I am Neil. Yes, sir. Hey
Fallen that guy hey
I'm not just people that live here in Miami. Well like the people in New York
They were born there in New York. The obnoxious people who live here in Miami
They weren't like necessarily born here in Miami. They're from let me let me say this again and let me read it to you again in what city
Will you find the most obnoxious people?
The most of us are here. They are here, but they weren't necessarily so what can I finish just finish my point?
I'm sorry. The question doesn't imply that they were born there that they lived their entire lives
They're the question in what city would you find the most out of noxious in other words?
They've gravitated to what place? Well, all right
Well, New York and Miami for sure at the top two, but like I say the new the New Yorkers that are here make this place
The way it is if they would go back there wouldn't be so many obnoxious people here
And I'm not from here. I'm from somewhere else, but that where you're from where are you from?
It's Bert. Oh
I would be pointing too many fingers if I was you
I'm not going back anytime soon. I'll see in the coal mine
I'm going to my clang okay and the bill curry remember keep bill career
I think he's kind of kid curry at the vote times do the sports on KDK five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T
That guy to call before in the first hour man. What a trip that is you know been listening since you've been on
But I'm glad Tom jicker got under your skin and they start going to this whole list of everything
He doesn't like whatever the hell we do on the show. I'm real happy with the show lately
I'm actually enjoying the show now which it's believed me in the five years we went on this station
I can't think of too many times I could actually say that with all the crap that we've had to overcome we shall overcome
That's a theme song on this show as they continue placing obstacles these big hurdles to jump through to try to accomplish anything on QAM
Now every time I hear him I just just I get like an extra sensation when I hear Mark Morgan on QAM
You know what I mean? No
Five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line now how's the list going?
What city will you find a mo I see I think when I ask these poll questions they're fairly straightforward
They're fairly simple. We don't have like making the audience jump through hoops to figure out what we're talking about
And we're not talking about little municipalities in parts of South Florida. Okay, just because it may officially be a city
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people?
We're trying to build this list. We got 165 votes. We're jane bad, but nevertheless my any 50
New York 39 Paris 36 Voka 27
Fill it off the 11 Crawford text and I said what did I say about Crawford Texas George? I don't know what you say about it
I said don't put it on there
So nice in there I don't
Can anybody hear the words that are coming from what is it?
You said that about the last one that was that not about Crawford no, I said to don't I said we'll put Washington DC on there
We will not put on it was the guy who said Washington and Crawford. I remember like it was today like it was only moments ago
You know what if a Crawford and not Washington
See that this is what we're dealing with okay
We're dealing with a little bean of boy it sleeps out of an overpass and we expect this guy to know something
You you would know how to find Crawford Texas with both hands, okay?
Much less Washington DC which I guarantee they wouldn't let you're asking it. They probably have like a federal alert
If you drove into town in your little Grava boat
Washington these Texas. Oh my god. I you know I give up
I just reached the point I just give up you throw your arms up in the air okay. I surrender. Where's the white flag? Where's the white bag?
Oh my god Crawford Texas he puts on air but Washington DC doesn't
So we got Crawford Texas with a vote get it off of the Eric and Scottsdale Arizona with one snot steel
We've just reached the point where we have a failure to communicate that's the problem on this show
Just like me and Moe. I think if we could just communicate no not
Silly dotting old fool and oh you talk about silly wait till you hear that well
I'm not going to read it the way he wrote it this copy that Troy Stratford desperately tried to pound out here
If I could spend I we'd be all ready till 20 afternoon we'd run over longer than Moe does
Just going over all the mistakes in this copy anyway the panthers and the heater done for the season and that often
So could start it for another three months
But there's lots of live action going on and you can be a big winner at Pompato harness
Track T.R.A.C.H. Open for live harness racing Wednesdays Fridays and Saturdays three nights a week first post time 7 15 PM
Free general parking free grandstand admission as well come out to Pompato Park enjoy the thrill of nighttime horse racing action
And don't forget every Wednesday like tonight is dollar-night at Pompato Park says here every day at Pompato Park is dollar
And I guess what's right now?
Every Wednesday is dollar-night for dollar draft beers hot dogs sodas pretzels and lots more and for all you
Derby lovers Pompato Park will be open for viewing and wagering on this you can talk you Derby May third
Which is a week from Saturdays Dave Johnson going to be con
Um, I'll check. I'm sure
Pompato Park don't forget we got live racing tonight 7 15 of course
We got simulcasting from tracks all over North America high-life Thurberett harness racing every day seven days weeks starting at noon
Great live racing 7 15 2 night and three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday at Pompato Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on prestigious power line roads
God radio hold big that ugly radio hold
Radio hold
The same as sales holes only worse radio radio radio holes
Without radio holes
Radio holes
He's a radio hole
Like what do you expect?
Like you know consciousness clear channel radio holes. Yeah
That's what they got over there
Programming a multitude of stations. It's the queer channel radio hole
Does this sound good to you radio hole
radio hole
Come join our exciting staff of radio holes
It's a big hole where your radio used to be
Once a creative outlet for DJs and talk show hosts now is a big radio hole
radio hole
Now great
A controllable oily discharge radio holes
Now what the hell was that?
I was gonna ask you that's on a book a library
It's called radio AM radio holes never heard that before my love. That was great. I love that was Anna Maria
I know that much and was so fine with that book on the background applauding after it was over
Could a swather to him bleeding over
Was that George speaking to me just a moment ago before you opened up a push
That's a similar kind of question is was that vocal laughing in a background?
Oh my god, I'm telling you I
Ii ii ii ii that's all I can say today ii ii ii ii wow
That's almost as good as this fact that informs me heard on Randy Road show yesterday
That the Republicans are planning the nominee convention for the September 2004 to coincide with the third anniversary of 9-11
Right before the election as we've all been reading in the newspapers anybody reads an article
We had to hear it on Randy show them
I'm just thanks down in Del Reyvo where we already know that and what can I tell you Democrats are dead
The O A dead
The i w did in the water
You think that was book of Brian Schroeling there at the end
567 05 60 you know where we're gonna send Carlos for an all expense paid the vacation for one
Crawford, Texas paid
Yeah, you're paying now that you're on a direct deposit just take take out a loan on your future paychecks
If there are going to be any w a m
W Q a m
Q a m still a little steep nickel here how you doing?
Oh god w Q a m hello
Can you just do this show yourself and cut their freaking mics off already they thought
Now I think you got a point today nobody Q a m hello
W Q a m
Okay, this is working real well. Let me do the marine dog column. Okay, because I you know they just don't get it
They don't get the question and they're in a real surly mood
They're trying to prove the result of the pull which Miami is leading by the way by over New York when Miami
Can anybody can lead over New York that tells you a lot
Marine dog writes in the today's New York Times with chest banging here and there
There's nothing scarier than conservatives and transports of social and political engineering
The republican strain to appear indifferent to a different different in Iraq now wanting to be cast as overbearing imperialists
Lieutenant J. Garner the new American vice-roy affected dockers look while meeting Arabs and jackets and ties
The Bushes pretend that we don't want all access past Iraqi bases. We do that
We're not interested in influencing this position of Iraqi oil. We are that will stay out of Iraqi politics
Even if they go fundamentalist we won't and that will leave Iraq soon. We can
Even as they staffled their Paxamerican impulses in Iraq the imperialists swagger with a Paxamerican at home
Karl Rova's broken creative new ground and appalling political opportunism by pushing back to republican national convention in New York City
Does September 2004 see there it is the latest date for a convention in the party's history and only days away from the you know when
Mr
Rova envisions merging the Madison Square Garden party with the 9-11 anniversary commemorations into one big national security
Lava Paloza perhaps president Bush would just skip the pretense of the garden and give his acceptance speech at ground zero
Another red meat moment rich sand tour of the obnoxious Pennsylvania senator whose number three in the GOP
Equated homosexuality with incest bigamy and polygamy in every society the definition of marriage is not ever to my knowledge
Included homosexuality he told the AP. That's not to pick on homosexuality. It's not you know man on child man on dog or whatever the case may be
Even mr. Sandstorms old mentor newt gingrich fell them bolden the slither back on stage with a proposal that we viscerate the state department
After vowing to reshape the American character when it became speaker 94 mr
Gingrich ultimately faced ethics questions and criticism for having an extramarital affair with the young congressional aid
After pushing for Bill Clinton's impeachment over his extramarital affair with a young white house aid
He stepped down in 98 gingrich did the man who once depicted himself as an arouser of those who formed civilization
Step back yesterday and we'll clash the civilizations between the Pentagon and the state department and remarks at the temple of
Tramphalism here the American Enterprise Institute mr
Gingrich denounce colon Paul's domain is a broken bureaucracy of red tape and excuses and demanded it be transformed like rameys
The attack mr. Paul for announcing that he would visit rather than bomb Damascus and for pre-war failure of diplomacy with turkey
Conveniently ignoring the fact that it was the Pentagon Hawk Paul Wolfowitz who would try to fail the talk turkey with turkey
Rameys taken on a Mars-like glow among carnivorous conservatives who crave more and more and more red meat
Circulated a kubrickian memo on North Korea according to the times David Sanger while mr.
Powell pressed for diplomatic talks in China to help deescalate tensions between the US and North Korea
Rameys memo suggested that the US and China gang up on the crazed Kim Jong-il the force of a gene change
Even as the conservatives some their chest in Washington
They've gotten a little bit nervous watching thongs of men flogging their chest bloody in Karbala Karbala
Their cool irrational schemes for establishing 18th century style democracy have run up against eight century practices of Islam
The Bushes were unpleasantly surprised by the sudden muscularity of the Shiite clerics in southern Iraq
According to the times Iranian trained operatives have crossed into southern Iraq to help the Shiites who are demanding a state like Iran's
And administration officials have whispered other fears to be porters that some of the weapons of mass destruction may have been removed
Assault in the terrorism black market accelerating the proliferation and proliferation they had hoped to prevent or that
Sodom loyalists are sneaking back into the government waiting for the Americans who with their short attention spans to pull out
As long as these bathas haven't seen Americans rapidly digging up Sodom's corpse or his WMD
They can always hope rights more in doubt at today's New York time. How do you like that? I like it boys and girls
56705 60 pound 560 now one person is called in said bag that yet where you find the most obnoxious people on the face of the globe
60 say Miami
Paris 51 I had French toast for lunch by the way yesterday
New York 48 Boca Raton 37 Philadelphia 14 Scottsdale Arizona 1 Stotsdale
Washington DC's got one in Detroit. Don't have any out 213 boats
5670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line a line nine you always know what this is gonna be WQAM
QAM
I like I said I didn't know WQAM hello
Yo yes sir I got a place for a bowl on a camp David
Hmm another guy tried to be cute another guy tried to be very amusing was he amusing girl was he cute no
WQAM
Good morning. Yes, ma'am. How are you? I'm okay
I've had the misfortune because I have family there to visit the city on many occasions
But I find Atlanta Georgia
Oh to have some of the most obnoxious people I have ever met and that all of them work at CNN
Only most of them
I just I can't stand going there. I can't stand the people. They just think that their stuff doesn't think really
Really they really think that their city is just
You know cream of the crop. It's a pretty it's a really Yahoo place. I'm in many times. It's a very Yahoo
They don't get that they're you know if they're just you know
You know crackers. I mean it they don't get it
They think that they are world class that they've got everything going for them and they they walk around you know very
Hoidy toy toady and I just I hate going there and I actually like coming back here when I'm there
There you go. That's always a good idea find some place that you hate like poison go there for a couple of days
Then you really want to come back to South Florida something that makes you want to come back like to spend a weekend in Tampa
That'll do it. I went to school there. I know I went came home every weekend
USF or University of Tampa South Florida. Oh, I the USF. I'm so sorry. I'm glad you got out alive
I did I did and I have to go back again unfortunately, you know during the year for family visits
But I will hold my nose and you know carry on. I'll see it crystal in lutes. Oh, please have a great day
Thanks. Well, there you go. There's a nice lady. How do you like that? I don't think I want to have to get one on the air
It's a little bit hard to get
56705 60. Pom 5 60 on the 18 TT line. We got Jim Madd is your one Hank Goldberg a three to Humper
Marlins on Dreck at 630 the pregame show Milwaukee Brewers at the Marlins 705 how many people were that game last night?
But third man. I'll wait a minute. Hold on a second
I
I think be funny if I never came back. Well, no, you know where you leave your reading material in the toilet right
So I left my newspaper in there, but the box scores are all being here. I'm assuming let's see
Uh devil raised beat the blue jigs what the blue jigs are consistent. They lose every day kind like the least
lately. Oh, let's see. I don't see the box score here. Oh, that's bad
Majorly baseball as now. How's that possible?
Well, somebody will have to look at it for me there
I'm really wondering what the announced attendance was for the Marlins and the Brewers last night that you
Is this game in town?
Because it's his here the Brewers at the Marlins
I'm sure that Carlos will check that out for us or some one of our sports nerds will come running right in there with it
Clarence will be in there in just a matter of moments
27 after 10 at 560 WQM if you ever thought of getting you a wireless phone
I'm sure you have because most people now have got one
You know how valuable this to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times
And even your bookie. Well, don't postpone it one more minute get it done today call wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer
Call them now tool free at one trible eight two two one 80 80 and wireless city will deliver today to your home
Or your business your new wireless phone ready to use wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans
Perfect for what you need like their new
3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city now tool free at one trible eight
221 80 80 call today and get you the new small size Nokia 30 390 with vibrating call alert and hands free
Just call one trible eight two two one 80 80 service agreement required see printed materials or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete details
Wireless city be your team mobile authorized dealer call them today one trible eight two two one 80 80
We're sports radio 560
UAM
There's a butt everyone loves milk and cereal bars the delicious new way to eat breakfast on the go from generic milves
Yeah, but I'm not a big milk and cereal thing. Well, that's why we're expanding our line of breakfast bars to include all your morning favorites
Like the all new bacon and egg bar sounds okay, but I hardly every back kind of breakfast. We hear you
So generic mills has made every conceivable breakfast into a delicious bar. There's the two day old pizza and Mountain Dew bar
The hostess cupcake and you who bar or the alarmingly popular black coffee and moral burrow light bar
And for those who need a little hair of the dog try the all new shot of bourbon and beer chaser bar
hmm
Now I thought I call breakfast generic mills breakfast bars when it comes to artificial breakfast foods for people who've stopped caring we've raised the bar
It's 1032 I screwed up the beginning of that because I was busy distracted trying to find the attendance 10,000 one 15 was the announced attendance
The last time. I'm sure you already had that for me being a boy right? Yeah, I did of course my skull get that on the list
Oh, we shall get to momentarily in the effects that inspired me then
My name is winning, but it's tight between my man
I see Paris the reason they're saying that when you know what the reason is they're saying that even though of course it is true
My ami 64 Paris 59 New York 50 Volka 39 full-fledelvia 15
DC's got a Paris a snot stale so you know one Detroit don't have any 231 vote
Here's a very very interesting facts
Inside information to be broadcast inside the wqm building. I better get out my megaphone
We don't want to put this on the air get more upset
It says the NFL draft QAM broadcast party this Saturday from noon till question mark will be hosted by former
Mimey Dolphin Dolphin's broadcaster and QM host Jim Mad Dog Mandage. Oh right
Appearance is also be made by the QM personalities like Steve Goldie Goldstein the big
Oh and former Dolphin the big dog Joe Rose Dolphins play by play broadcaster and QAM host Howard David may not be able to attend as he has other commitments to these stars for stars foundation
And they're weakened at Turnberry aisle
Now who would he be fooling with that if he pulled that off everybody
You wouldn't know he would not be fooling anybody
Because he's already been pontificating for weeks on the air about he's not gonna go unless the man who don't put in the suit
Who don't I'm putting the suit gets it straight not and pays him extra and he's not gonna show up
This sounds to me like the kind of stuff he did with Westwood one that got him uninvited to come back now
It could be wrong
I'm just reading between the lines
But of course it's nobody that building communicates with us and we get no information whatsoever
We have to rely on our sources on a fags machine. Isn't that basically how it works?
Right
Because we get no information from clearance from muff. They're all in hiding now
They're holding their meat or whatever they're doing and by the way
They weren't I heard before to show today is that Carlos got infected by muff. That's what I heard
I don't want to give you any details
Huh
Well kid curry was wondering what the gigantic lump was on his throat and I just told you got infected by the operations manager
I can't go into the groy details, but that's the rumor I'm hearing
There is a spot marked on the wall right out there by the control room for the other shows
Grenadis Connecticut for the pull somebody says actually it says any city in Connecticut. Let's put grenades on here
Can you spell it right green which? I'm not talking about you and talking about being a boy
He's got a lot of stress. He's not a gruttenport contracted his illness
They said they'd contract him
Here's the fact that says Woodward's book
Oh yeah, I wouldn't read that Bush at war in general is a genuine reflection to W
But there was two things of note. I thought you might want to know one is a quote lifted from juniors daily journal
Commenting on the Afghan war George W wrote this is a war in which people were going to have to die
duh no Schmitt it says people die in wars who knew
The other thing was about your personal good friend condolese on page 92 would we write about a cabinet meeting at camp David
Rice led the group in a sing-along of American standards including old man river
Oh
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen
Oh an America the beautiful
What no-led Zeppelin tunes it says
Undoubtedly the worst place on earth is Moscow went there for a conference and the people like to be the most obnoxious ever anywhere
So let's we got Moscow on the list
How do you like that that old man river sounds like that dinner we had that one night at the macaroni grill remember that right?
Shufo was up there on the table with those shoes that were like four sizes too big like the like what's his name?
What was the name of the waiter and Lakasha full? I mean the maid
I don't know it's 100 years ago
It'll come to me
Remember when he came in with those shoes
Yeah, Fagador and I know not not what I'm talking about that Robin Williams remake. We're talking about the real one like Kajafol
Dezenerit
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WQ a in
Q a.m. Hey, how are you doing buddy? Okay, sir?
Hi, are you sitting down? I'm I'm strapped in all right buddy 10,150 was announced attending no
Yeah, that's right. That's pretty good. Okay. Thanks a lot pal
Oh
I heard Dr. Rackens died
Yeah, he did
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I think that's actually pretty good number for the email walkie brewer is a non-edited team which of course is owned by the
The commissioner baseball with nobody can figure that out
Who's got interest in one of the teams that he's commissioner don't make too much sense to me. No, but nevertheless. It's all corrupt anyway
WQ a.m. Yeah, hi. Yes, sir
I just want to make make a couple comments
you know about North Korea and
And uh, Iraq yeah
Oh, is this deals. Yeah. Oh, hi Neil. Hi, I know you catch on
You know, I love you. I just want to say I love you, but the thing I want to make comment on it's kind of funny
How Jim John, you know come out and say it basically
You know, you know, chair what we say he's gonna make nuclear weapons
But uh, you know really thought I was saying even though he is a dirtbag and it's not bad
You never said he was gonna, you know, fly out make nuclear weapons and stuff like that and attack us
And they have found no weapons and mass destruction in that country and hogs glitches and even said that
The information is broken since the United States, you know, gave but they don't want to attack North Korea
What's up with that? Why don't they want to do that? Because if they attack North Korea that the movie like a five six million people in saw
Would be dead on the first day. That's probably why
Okay, cuz I I just don't understand their uh
How they could go after a country that we conquered him
But you don't understand that's the reason they picked it just like a way we've been telling you for for weeks now
That there was not a game plan to pick on a country that was that had two thirds of its army already annihilated
That had no defenses to speak of and we could go in there in a couple of weeks or three weeks
Whatever it was and just blow right through there and of course now the obvious question is now that we're there
What the hell do we do with the mess that we made then we've got left?
Right because they got about five or six the ten different tribes of people
How you gonna bring all those people together and out of Shia majority is like totally up in arms
They want us out and they under estimated the Shia
Uh, Stink. So there what are they gonna do now to bring that country together so that they don't have the same that's gone on
Like they did not ran in the early 80 just keep in mind we liberated them so they could do all these grotesque things
They're doing right now we liberated them so they could turn the country into a religious not my place
But hey better than then Franklin Graham
And
Work to tell me before the show that Pat Robertson has come out and said very strongly that he wants to make sure the world
We put in a secular state in Iraq. We don't want no theocracy. They're like in Iran
We want to have a secular state because if we had a theocracy that would keep him in his Christian fanatics out
He don't want no part of that. He he's already salivating rubbing his hands together
Waiting to get his hands on all those the denaris just like Rimmer looking for them free deniers when he gets up here
No chance is the rumor no shot
It's a
Mara's D day man. This is the day the maras today the rumors are showing up up here. Oh god
So if I'm not here tomorrow morning when you come in just do the show you know, I'm just hiding either I got stars or I'm hiding or both
I think there's a much better chance I'm going into hiding and oh, I got a great idea yeah
Yeah, if I get that phone call I don't want to make you know names
But if I get a certain phone call from a certain somebody I might say I'm having trouble breathing
And like that, you know that might get the job done
Maybe these respiratory problems. Oh, I got a bad headache and I just took my temperature. It's about
152 in a shade
But if you want to come out ball seeing a few minutes
20 before 11 at 560
How many of you weigh in hey? I'll tell you one thing if your mattress is worn out
You're not getting the kind of night sleep you deserve and your back isn't getting the kind of treatment
You should be given it because you just don't feel right without a good night's sleep
How do you do the right thing you make one easy call to our good friends at dollar mattress?
Talk about them all the time our friends at dollar mattress are the best in the world because they give it unbeatable deal all the way around
First of all, they got the best brands going anywhere. They got C. Lee's service in King Coral every size every style no bait and swish
They've got every day unbeatable old prices and as far as deliveries concern. You should know by now
It's on a hurdle
But they give you the two-hour window any day seven days a week that's convenient for you when you're gonna be there
And then they'll show up on time. It's amazing
Once you buy a mattress from dollar mattress
You'll never go back to the showroom again and help subsidize somebody's big overhead
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress this way from dollar mattress
They set up the brand new and take away the crappy smelly old bedding for free
That's right. Unlike just about everybody else in the universe
Dona mattress sets up the brand new and takes away the crappy old bedding for free
So make the call right now do yourself in your back a big favor
Get you a great night's sleep guarantee it for weeks and months and years to come call 1-800 mattress
1-800 MATT RES for dollar mattress the easy to smart way to get you a great night's sleep
You a
Young is too young
Good enough. Hey man. Hey, who's this? It's Jeff. Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like updog
What is up dog? I don't know. What's up G. Yo, yo, yo
Get it no, okay
Who's your speaking voice place catering order? Hey Richard. Yeah, I was in your restaurant my wife and I and and she was commenting as I was
Then it smelled like updog
Like what up dog
What is up dog now? What's up with you G
Get it
River hello. Yeah, hi, I'm tight
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog. What's up dog? Not much. What's up with you G
Yeah, what's up dog? What's up in dog? Yeah, not much. Yo, I'm busy. What you doing?
Your play smelled like up dog. Okay. Bye. Get it
Yeah, how are you? Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know. What's up with you G? Get it?
1046 now the promo that played there at the end of the rejoin the last break. Yeah, can we play that again?
Because as usual, I wasn't paying a lot of attention
I was getting prepared for whatever crap I was going to do here, but it sounded to me
Like it was a promo for the draft day festivities on QM this Saturday. Right here we go
Which is correct the promo that we're running or this inside information that allegedly is going to be
A memo inside the building good question. Take off those checkered pants. Yeah, don't you up there with checkered pants more people laughing about out of the joint
That's it. Well, I guess you'll have to tune in Saturday to find out of course Friday when that book comes out
He might now want to show his face in public on Saturday. You never know
We're asking today on neo-rangers.com in what city would you find the most obnoxious people
Based on my experience with those Philadelphia sports fans
And I use that term very loosely because they are obnoxious. They're disgusting. They're boisterous. They're out of controller assholes
Paris let's see. Pirate. Oh my am just a tide perist for for 74
New York 55
Boka 45 Boka. God. I wish we had that song
And then it's way down to pilpit. Alpheus 16 DC 4's got a stonk stellar result has got one Detroit one and no votes for Atlanta or a Moscow yet
I thought we'd get a much more diverse list than this wouldn't you?
I think but we just our audience just don't get around that much
Here's the facts from Maria who is not a chronic by the way. She says I don't want to be a chronic
Um the person who fact you did the day regarding the beast after the hurricane game
At the game I I'm hearing your reaction since then my friend called me this morning and jokingly asked me if I'm able to sleep
And I'd after dropping the dime on the beast if you drop the dime on him it would bounce but that's about all
You know how many yards it would probably bounce
Oops
I just thought you should know that I'm not heartless. I do kind of feel bad. Don't feel bad Maria
I just think it's a shame. He lost all that weight 62 pounds
He doesn't have the willpower to continue especially since all the food he is to eat to lose the way this prepared form
It should be a no-brainer here
He's getting all of this great food for free. They've been bringing it right through his door
We've been talking about him making him the star the centerpiece. He doesn't want to lose it
I know the difference believe me. This is a young man with the death wish. He doesn't want to lose it
You know what I'm saying? Yeah
In addition to which he doesn't understand anything about credibility
He doesn't care about our sponsor
He doesn't care about his own credibility if I came on here
It's a oh, I'm not a 140 pounds on balance for life if I did that and then I showed up in town when I'm gonna be back in a few weeks
And then what happened the only find it did you game it all back how can you do that?
To be showing up at the ball game and at the rascal house. I'll never forgive him for that
Forget about eating there just even showing up there
I mean Robert Giepper that's a perfect place for a griepper. Okay professional self-hating Jew who's an oldie-entity in the training
Oh brother perfect place for him, huh? Maybe he was buying
That's not relevant. Okay, we're not talking about rumor. We're talking about the old
She says I hope for his sake he gets it together soon. Well, I hope so too
But I'm I washed my hands a bit. I can't I can't use this show as like a reform school for pat people the rest of my life can't do it
You really let us down okay, and in addition to which you're always right you're unprofessional in those broadcasts and a hurricane
We got too many children on the Uricume and that's the problem
It's like it's like a broadcasting school. It's like the queue and that that did that we play that's why everybody likes it so much because it's
Twu it's Twu
I'm not saying that they're all I mean like Lenny Martez. He's a good guy, but it's Twu he can't speak either Lenny Martez
He knows it. He knows he can't speak. That was he ever doing on the year
Am I right? He knows it doesn't stop him, but it's Twu though and it's Twu. Yes
God almighty what a place
But you know you're gonna have a whole bunch of flunkies around a worksheet like you know clearance
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five has duffing in yet with gildies or contract not with the contract, but he did pop in to say hi and give me uh, you know doctors report
A doctor's report has he been to the doctor? He's been to the doctor. Oh my god. I told you where
Peter boy got sick from oh I don't even want to know what he's got
He's got a shaved chest at this uh at this point
I don't want to hear about those tests. That's the last thing. I want to even think about it close. Oh no
Makes me think around Jeremy all over again
He got a shaved chest. I mean he had an EKG is at it. Yes and and he's just fine
No, he he's starting to get a real uh neurotic uh, what do they call it?
Hypochondria hype that's the word I'm looking for hypochondriac
I
Think I'm gonna come back this weekend and the show up Monday morning. I'm expecting just breathe
I just came from Toronto deaf
Watching run like a son of a bitch
So what was the problem? He was at the doctor this morning again. He spent an awful lot of time at the doctors
Yeah, well you can't be uh, you know
Lacks we might have to like isolate him for a while might have to put him like in a rubber room again for a couple of months
Just so everybody else can be safe. Look we did the board beater boy. That's a big lump on his neck
That was done a freedom kiss
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line wqa m
Qa m. Hello. Yes, sir
Qa m
Yes, wqa m. Yeah, I have a city. Oh, that's new. Yes. How are you pretty good. How about you?
Vienna Austria. Oh, it's terrible. There was Austria. I'm from Austria, but that's stink
Okay, attitude if you're not from Vienna, you're not Austrian. You're not Schmidt, right? Okay. Well probably you're not okay
Thank you, sir. Have some vignage nets for us. I will do. Okay, bye
talk of L
56705 notice nobody said I'm stood on and of course, so they're well, I'll be honest with you
There are plenty of obnoxious people Amsterdam, but
It's not under running with some of these others. They're plenty of really nasty rotten and most of them are Dutch
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We had that one lady on air. We're giving me a little bit of hope
You know, I thought we have a whole bunch of women calling today with suggestions or other brilliant comments
No, not a chance
Somebody Qa m
How about the disgusting fans and Oakland who after the Raiders lost they rioted
Yeah
Well, this isn't so much about sports, but I think in general you got a good point
We'll put that on her Oakland is okay because we're desperate for some additions Oakland's good
So he's thinking strictly in the sports German and it's part of our problem is that we're on a sports radio station
It's the kiss of death. It's a curse. Glad that you're okay, Duff by the way
But that's uh, you know all this time as a doctor
Duff get off this incident how am I to talk, you know
With a stroke and our governor knows what's coming next probably pops him roids. I don't quit eating that French toast
It's kind of the way of punishing you. You know that don't you?
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Miami's got to eat two votes per 76. Miami's pulling away and deservedly so
They must be listening to the show
New York 59
Book of 48 Philadelphia 17 DC five everybody else small potatoes
small tater so far
Somebody QAM on the death line. Hello. Yes, you have Philadelphia in your list. Yes
Because you know, I don't think I think those leaves let the game in home. What the fuck are you?
Uh, they broke my heart is what they did they broke I know they're gonna get the rest kicked
Once it got to be too nothing. I mean at that point
I was right they're gonna get the rest kicked and I just went up for a walk. It was beautiful outside
Well actually was like
Sleeding and nasty and cold. I still had a better time. You know what I mean?
No, you don't want to watch this sporting event when you know your team is gonna get crushed
I kept the tape running just in case some miracle happened which it didn't and I just got that lot of here
Went to my little convenience store. I put on my mask. I got some diet soda. I mean, I did some productive stuff
As opposed to sitting here watching some ball stupid sports event. I knew there was a foregone conclusion
By the way George, what do you ever do to him?
To set him off that way. I have no idea, but I'd like to know so I can do it again. WQ I am
Good morning. How are you? Yes sir? When is this? I'm listening you driving to the keys. I called you a couple weeks ago
And I have the same comment someone needs to just smash how we're David in the mouth and get rid of his arrogance. Yeah
They eat this a punk
An old punk see what I think of punk with a hair piece
I'll read
Okay, I have a great day. Have a safe trip amigo. Thank you. Bye-bye an old punk with a bad hair piece, huh
So the promos says how are David at but I noticed they say his name real fast in their coat about how they've been a gemandage
Huh and the memo now maybe be careful coming here and straight you out on that and because we'd like to know
The voices that often's must be on that broadcast and and I almost forgot about this remember I told you
And then we go Sunday at the airport when I was leaving and he was coming back from Detroit. Yes
So one of the things he mentioned to me is guess who he ran into
Who got an offer to do a play-by-play or maybe I shouldn't say it on the air. Well, he got an offer or something
I don't know if he's taking it or not
His good buddy pills in for it. So it's in for his gun to be just fine. He's doing great. But he's he loves bills in for my dog
They worked really well together for a law for nine years. I think it was
On those dolphin broadcasts. Yeah
Then we talked about Mo
1056 at 560 wqa.m
Let me tell you right now about a great place speaking of being around for a long time more not as nine years
But 25 years in town very few businesses of any kind last that long in this market
But Brandy shoes is celebrating the 25th year in business in South Florida this year
Any independent family shoe store or any other kind of business that last that long got to be treating their customers
Right and doing you a lot of great things like giving you an unbeatable selection and they do they got rock ports
Echoes mafisto timbling tarts s a s floor shum all the top names in these shoe business to make sure your feet are a
Doing the right thing then they have a wide range of sizes
What do you got teeny tiny feet or big fat ones like Tom Welling don't forget Tom Welling naked next week on smallville
Men's sizes six to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide
And don't forget their professional sales staff. They know your feet inside and out even by the aroma
They can identify your feet. They know and they give you personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
And with over 40,000 pairs in stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore
You can be damn sure you can bet George and Carlos's life on it and the old moe myster as well
That they're gonna have exactly what you want in stock Brandy shoes you'll find them at 1290 nor federal highway and pop it
Obit zero but every day nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and right now a great time to shop Brandy's has a select group of women's style
Naturalizers are on special sale take 20 to 60 percent off
So stop and revisit Brandy's on a web. We like at Brandy's shoes dot com
This is for 205
Shannon I thought nervous to present if you will
Come on senator
Senator go wouldn't it be better to have big deficit? That's not a bad idea
It gives us $400 billion to the meat maybe even for the Clinton library perfect
Leadership is about bad economics and can you believe women's right is wrong because we're stronger
I hear you look you for a look. Let's give up our home win security education self security and Medicare
Oh
1101 at 560 it's our bigger 11 in New now because new into one it's Wednesday and thank for that you forgot all about that, huh? I did not me
What I just luck would have it. I got to read this. I got a couple bedtime stories maybe two or three or four whatever
You get into that if I need rubbed because I went out there to see if any of the powers that be know the answer the powers that p
To that question about mo and the draft and everything like that and and they're all in a big promotions meeting
So there was no one to talk to a promotions meeting
Yeah, WQM a promotions meeting right
Now is Doreen playing pivot man in this meeting
These are the meetings where they tell Miguel to take that big prize machine out way more often because that's why the promotions
Events suckers because the prize machine isn't out there speaking of sucking the rumor around the building was and it drifted all
Away up here wafted by the facts machine that the only reason we got those trips to give away and at hot couples contest was because
Finally after being pressured for how many years has it been now?
Miguel had a service Doreen to squeeze those trips out of
That's what I'm hearing
Boy the good thing he's in that meeting not hearing that all we do like to read a lot since she got into what with mo
Seeing again if it was just me like that chair guys called in the 9 o'clock hour
Well, you know you and a small what kind of person is he to pick on he's a sad old fart
It's trying to get everybody can't and stirred up more crap in the last year than all the other 5,000 people
I've worked for in the last 500 years put together. That's what we is a
nasty miserable mean-spirited old fart a
Professional rabble rousing trouble making egotist asshole, but other than he's okay
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people?
I don't think they like to pull the day. I mean we got over 300 votes, but it's not you know
It's not heavy duty 319 in addition to which I don't think they get it anyway
I think if we put like if we made it into like a local dispute you know what I mean like avid chura and you know my city's more obnoxious than yours is plantation
Yeah, whatever well, there's something for another day maybe no, I'm not gonna
Piddle around with that sophomore kind of crap
talk about
Perocchio
In fact, isn't that what they want to do? Yeah, it's all good at break-ass school
Anyway, Miami's got 96 Paris 85 Miami's leaving Paris in the uh in the
Thing in its wake just like Mo left you in his wake how did smell
funky New York 64
Volka 54 I'll tell you for a Voka for a little horseball place like that 54 votes is a lot that kind of was very
enthusiastic about that and adamant and foaming at the mobs your friend Danny from Atlantis. Yeah, I think he had a good pointer too
Atlantis is that one of your swing clubs club Atlantis down on the beach
It's nightclub fake. Yeah, or what would you say like I'm supposed to know what that is?
It was very controversial for a while. They were having lots of fights. I know that. I do know that
I remember that very well, but am I supposed to like hang out there?
How about the button on the beach? Oh, we never even mentioned about crazy. What's his name?
Dieter here a couple of months ago crazy
The this the beach guy for Lauderdale the father of spring break. What was his crazy break? We got right crazy Greg Nuel. Oh, geez
I must have been off that week or something guy and of course as usual you overlook the important things
You don't pay tribute to a guy that really deserved it Greg Nuel
He was the he was a fun guy
He was the father of having a good time on for Lauderdale beach and then all the stagie goi him came along
Oh, no, we don't want that and then the BS but they came in there and start beating the crap out of all the kids
Anybody in these of a hundred not wanted here? Oh
Brother what a place
Miami 96 Paris 85 New York 64 book and 54 Philadelphia 18 DC five and
And that's it the other ones either have one or none
I've never been able to figure out the ones that have none because people call them in and then they don't vote for it
Well, maybe those people don't have a pewter, you know
Anyway, this is interesting. I think the Palm Beach troublemaker for fact he listen
It says as luck would have it. This is from the LA weekly
A
911 victim testifies that the carnage could have been averted
Mindy Kleinberg began by telling of a fall day in the northeast
So warm and clear that she literally skipped home after seeing off her 10-year-old and seven-year-old at the school bus stop
On that day September 11, 2001 her 38-year-old husband a stock trader with
Cantifid sterile in the World Trade Center lost his life along with some three thousand others in that day's terrorist attacks
Kleinberg testified last week before the national luck
This is 11-month two weeks ago before the National Commission investigating in 911 the commission took two days of testimony
Just blocks away from ground zero hearing both from survivors and from experts who spoke of the hijackers financial sources and US intelligence lapses
Although Kleinberg's husband was unlucky. It wasn't bad luck that cost his life. She asserted
Kleinberg detailed the good luck of the hijackers who could have been stopped at many points
Most of her account is fully documented some allocations await investigation
And it has here excerpts from Mindy Kleinberg statement
It has been said that the intelligence agencies have to be right a hundred percent of the time in the terrorist only have to get lucky once
9-11 terrorists weren't just lucky once they were lucky over and over again allowing to illustrate the SEC
The terrorist lucky streak began the week before 9-11 when the Securities and Exchange Commissioner SEC
The SEC and Council with the US intelligence agencies has sophisticated software programs that are used in real time
To watch both domestic and overseas markets to seek out trends that may indicate a prisoner future crime
On the Chicago Board of Options Exchange during the week before 9-11 put options were purchased on American and United Airlines
The two airlines involved in the attacks the investors who placed these orders were gambling that in the short term
The stock prices of both airlines would plummet
Never before on the Chicago Exchange were such large amounts of United and American Airlines options traded
These investors needed a profit of at least five million dollars after 9-11 attacks
Interestingly the names of these investors remain undisclosed and the five million dollars remains unclaimed
Why were theseabyrinth trades not discovered prior to 9-11? Who were the individuals who placed these trades have been investigated
The INS
Prior to 9-11 our US intelligence agents. You should have stopped the 19 terrorists from entering this country
What does it say sure should have the out of the out of the out of the outing and they would have reached their new
City in Pentagon within moments intercepted the hijacked airliners before they could have hit their targets undowably
Say is there a page missing on this? I don't know you didn't fax me the middle page
I just have to say page 103 oh my god, you're I wouldn't know what is going from oh, that's embarrassing huh
Where is page dose? Well, that's okay. We'll just skip to our leadership
There's some more interesting stuff on you and you infested me
I'll find a secretary. I beg your pardon if it came over. I'll find it
Secretary of Defense has reported secretary rumsfeld fell to Pentagon
Shake one outside saw that image and started helping the injured on the stretchers after eating the victims the secretary
Then went into the war room guess what I was it
I beg your pardon. That's all
They skipped it. I don't have it. Were you calm down?
Now he's interrupting me at the most the audience is on pins and needles are on the edge of their seats
Aren't you on the edge of your seat?
Kind of in the middle push him off Carlos
How is it possible that the National Military Command Center located in the Pentagon in a contact with law enforcement and
Inter traffic controllers from 848 am did not communicate to the secretary of defense also with the Pentagon about the other hijacked plane
Especially the one headed to Washington. How is that possible?
The president on the morning of 911 president Bush was scheduled to listen to elementary school children read before the president walked into the classroom
Norrad had sufficient information at the plane that hit the world trade center was hijacked at that time
They also acknowledge that two other commercial airliners in the year were also hijacked
It would seem that a national emergency was in progress
Yet president Bush was allowed to enter a classroom full of young children and listen to the students read
Why didn't the secret service informer of this national emergency? Maybe they thought it was going to be a learning experience
In the case of a national emergency seconds of indecision could cost thousands of lives
Is it luck that aberrant stock trades weren't monitored? Is it luck when 15 visas are worded based on incomplete forms?
Is it luck when airline security screenings allow hijackers to board planes with box cutters and pepper spray?
Is it luck when emergency FAA and or had protocols are not followed?
Is it luck when a national emergency is not reported top government officials on a timely basis?
To me luck is something that happens once when you have this repeated pattern of broken protocols broken laws
Broken communication one cannot still call it luck
If at some point we don't look to hold these individuals accountable for not doing their jobs properly
Then how can you expect terrorists not to get lucky again?
And that's why I'm here with you all the days
You said because you must find the answers is to what happened that day
So was to ensure that another 9-11 cannot happen again
And this was part of our testimony front of congress about two weeks ago. How do you like that?
Mindy Kleinberg who's husband died in the WTC
Sorry about that missing page and there aren't we George well
And they try to do a good job. They'll be fact that I'm sure they'll be fact sitting and we'll stick it in there
We're not depending on this rick san tour. I'm thinking has got a lot of people really parked off
I shouldn't I don't know why I shouldn't surprise anybody
That's why I want to his first vaccine here on Monday. I just looked at it and thought I'm more the same cramp same old same old
Rick san tour. I'm senator pennsylvania republican senator pennsylvania thinks the homos are bad
He says if the supreme court says that you have the right to consensual gay sex within your home
Then you have the right to bigamy you have the right to polygamy you have the right to incest you have the right to adultery
You have the right to anything san tourms said in his ap interview which is published on Monday
Gay groups were quick to announce and tourms comments the latest in the series of divisor remarks by some lawmakers
Senator san tourms or ars are deeply hurtful and play on deep-seated fears that fly in the face of scientific evidence
Common sense and basic decency
Clearly there's no camp compact in his conservatism said when he's stackled bird political director for the human rights campaign
The nation's largest gay and viscous advocacy group
She called for quick and decisive action by republican leaders to repudiate san tourms remarks and of course
She's still waiting the democratic senatorial campaign committee called on san term to resign is chairman of the republican senate caucus
The number three position in the gop leadership g between trend lot of rick san tourms
This conservative compassion is just uh, what is it?
Out of control compact and conservative muddard heli call it
In a statement released yesterday san term didn't dispute the accuracy of the quote
But criticize the apster as misleading he sent his comment was specific to the pending supreme court case
I'm a firm believer that all are equal under the constitution
He said my comments should not be construed in any way as a statement on individual lifestyles but
According to unedited excerpts of the taped interview released late Tuesday by the ap
san term spoke had to length about homosexuality made it clear he did not approve of acts outside of traditional heterosexual
Relationship acts just like any of you used to say it's not the sin that bothers it's not the center that we hated to the sin
Remember those days. Yeah, we used to be thrown out the orange juice by the gallon every time she'd say that
We love the center. We hate the sin
He doesn't approve of acts outside of traditional heterosexual relationships
In the April 7th interview san term describes homosexual acts as a threat to society in the family
I have no problem with homosexuality said ever problem homosexual life same old crap same old same old
Democrats waited on the earlier remarks throughout today sent a minority of their time
Dashel said the sentiments expressed by san term of out of step with our countries respect for tolerance
One presidential contender tried to draw the white house into controversy the white house speaks the rhetoric of compassionate
Conservatism but there's silent while their chief lieutenants make divisive and hurtful comments that have no place in our politics
said senator john kerry who looks kind of scary from assitutions. How do you like them apples?
But like I said same old stuff nothing surprising there
So these guys are a bunch of bigots is anybody surprised no we already knew that
Kielsen good time. Oh yeah
12 minutes past 11 at 560 wq we got our big new to one comedy vets are at noon and we got the man dog at one
We got the hump are coming along
At 3.06.30 the marlin pregame show marlins on dreck from pp park at 630 the brewers in a marlin
705 tonight 80k following baseball which is a tough assignment and show a mark overnight
If your carpets look like hell to make a long in fact there's a great headline in the paper here this morning
Yeah
It says
Leafs 7th heaven goes straight to hell
How do you like that?
What a headline that is i don't think you'd see that in the paper there would you look
What does it mean? It means the people that they hurled should go and the sun sent them to straight to hell
Anyway, if your carpets looked like they've been in hell and came back in their line
They're on your flow and you want to do something about it
Don't let them be dirty no more call our good friends to dry concepts and they'll make them look just like brand new with that
Fantastic patented method they have there the only people in the universe who do it they dry clean your carpets
Same concept that's used to dry clean your clothing. That's why they call it that dry concepts got it good
And they'll also do a stupid job on your draper your expensive area rugs your all kinds of good stuff
You're a pulsary the leather furniture if you have problem with pet orders or milled the orders caused by water damage
The experts in dry concepts will make them go away too. I guarantee i've been used in my house for over 20 years for a good reason
That's because they make my carpets look and smell just like brand new
They're lemony fresh they're drying a couple of hours and you'll be amazed at how sensational they look no matter how hopeless
They are right now do yourself a big favor and call dry concepts and don't forget
You don't have to worry about getting ripped off because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the work
Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com when you call these folks you can clean today entertain tonight at dry concepts
I'm riding the local this is 560
The radio's on your side
You and
Fitzfrey it's me
Hello Michael isor's office
Eisner yes sir
What the hell
Got it finish it what the hell are you doing to me are you doing to me that's right
What did I do now sir piglets big movie yeah like piglets big piece of pink
What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that
That's being finished 7500 7000 how much money we spent on that runny little stuttering pig
I like 80 90 million
93 million dollars on piglet and open seven it's gonna take me nine months to make my freaking money back
But but sir the animation is the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about
Hold on a minute. Oh yes sir. I got read the stop sign
I know
Read us
Hey
What the hell you doing but in a drainage system of a drainage system
Yeah, you know a system of all the things when natural drains and ditches you know used to drain off the
I know what a drain system is
I don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven sake. I don't even have a water
Eisner yes sir. I'll buy the wire. I forgot that
How did the Oscars go? Oh funny you should ask guys. No, that's my next topic was in an amazing time
What the hell?
Are you doing?
Put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Elliot? Well, we figured since she's on ABC
I know what I figure I do it just for the hell that it be fun. I figure I get a little action afterwards
You know what she says to me? I'm married. I can't do that you're my boss. I don't want to go down that's wrong
Hang on a minute there's an explosion in my office all right
We have
No more
It's like I'm wrecked what the hell you doing to me that's right through wall though
I'm stuck blasting through my walls on trying to have a phone conversation with my pups president
Get away from me we miss your stink like
Hi there. Yes sir. Hoppa. How are you doing to me? Are you doing to me?
Well, sir. How did it go with Jennifer? It did not sir. I got nothing nothing nothing
You wouldn't even give me a handy. Well, so you are married man. Oh, you know what?
You sound like mini on a one home. She's so oh, I'm sorry on stage with Jennifer Garner
If you love her so much, why don't you marry her? I said I don't want to marry her mini. I just want to
Bring it back. Come on. What are you doing?
You're the crew
I'll get your crew out of here. I hear you. Yes, what the hell are you doing? Are you doing to me?
Love it's funny. I hope all those good log Republicans. Of course they wouldn't be listening to this show
I hope that they're really proud of Senator Rickson to our Republican of Pennsylvania
homophobic and chief out. They're really proud of their support for George W and the right wing and self-hating leanings
I'm talking about all those log cabin Republicans those self-hating fags from coast to coast all those columnists all those internet
Mavins like Miss Grudge and all those other people that the prancer around and J Edgar Hoover's old dresses in private
I hope they're real thrilled and excited and squeezing themselves in each other
To see what about your homophobic bigoted and narrow-minded obnoxious born again Bible thumping in the underthols
They're in bed with oh, I shouldn't have said that
Here's the fact it says Los Angeles must be the most obnoxious city in the world. I don't agree with that
Has Phil and Dr. Phil are you sure?
Tim and Sue Martin and Kiefer Chalton and the Dr. Laura etc etc if you still disagree maybe we can take a meeting
It says now we're not taking a meeting. I know of course I haven't been here in a long time. You've been there
Yeah, but nothing's I was yeah, I
Always found to people there to be extremely friendly and it was the really a neat place of course that's a long time ago back when there were still some people there were you know
Who weren't professional anthmics well, it's it's kind of a different place now. I kind of a different place
But I don't agree with that about Los. I wouldn't even put it on the list you think now
I would be like putting Las Vegas on list
Does make any sense make sense to you? No
No, because the people are friendly most of those places and they're friendly because it's good for business
That's what it's all about there in the service business there and they tourist business
As opposed to soft food which is supposed to be in the tourist business was in the business of hate
Hate and hostility
We don't want you here go away. Back go back where you came from
That's that's the message we should put up a big bunch of billboards as you're coming down i95 and i75 depending on where from once you came
And say here's a message from South Florida if you're coming here turn around to go back. We don't want you back
however you spelled like that. How do you spell it?
Like it sounds yeah, that's right just like a
Here's a fact that says please note that any city in the world with large population of New York is qualified to be on a
They would accept New York City as much as I hate to admit it in New York City New York obnoxiousness works
Yeah, I understand that that's a good point
Because it's so big and so crowded and you have to be pushing you
I do get the message there
But unfortunately when so many of those people come they stick out like a sort of tum in places like South Florida and in Pittsburgh
and in Nashville
Like my landlady in Nashville those two months back in 1980 said to me
There's two kinds of people in this world as people from Nashville and then there's people from New York and Florida
Which was code for
Jews
Anyways, is this being said in all my travels?
No city comes close to Paris for having the most obnoxious native people and I agree they are disgusting man
fraud
oh
And even though I did vote for Miami just to go along with you
Uh, Paris would be my second closed choice
And in fact, I think about what I spent more time than just two days in Paris. I would probably have to agree
But I would never spend more than two days in Paris ever again
Not just obnoxious and unfriendly, but slabs and they just throw all their garbage on the streets and I just awful horrible
nasty miserable scummy people
Even the ones that look good
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people Miami 114
By the way, if mop comes in at room anymore make sure you wear a surgical mask Carlos
Until you heal up from whatever he's giving you too late
You don't let him anywhere anyway, though. Yeah, don't let him in
Plus they don't want to give us this straight. They're not they're not in any of uh
Meeting right now. That's that's this bull crap. They're just hiding because we're trying to get the real fancy
They're just stonewalling because they don't want us to put on the year to real story about what's gonna happen Saturday with a draft business
That Moe keeps insisting he's not gonna show. He's gonna be a no-mo show
114 say Miami 100 Paris we got a battle on our hands there
New York 75
Boka 61 I think for a town how many people live in Boka
But third man
I think for a town as small as Boka having 61 votes is pretty impressive
Notice how I matched your pause with my own pregnant pause. Thank you. Appreciate that. Take the heat off
Philadelphia 21 DC five uh, Snotzilla is only got a pair now
Detroit's got one Atlanta's got one Grena Kyrgyzga one
Moscow don't have any Vienna Austria don't have one and Oakland, California don't have one yet, but he's right about the radar fans
The only thing I only the Iver left in Oakland was that pair underwear denys
Yeah, I had kind of a schmitty experience of the Oakland many many years ago
Well, it was one of those things. You know, and what better place than and then I never tended to say about the afflux in the denys in Orlando
I created
No, I don't think he has the raw flush. I'd remember that. Oh, yeah
This was at a denys in Orlando. I can't remember what that was doing there
But I stopped in there and
used the tea room in denys to take a
Greg read
and
Unfortunately for what I guess the person who had seen I've learned the lesson now when you go to a place
There's like toilet paper gym always flush it to clear out what's in the bowl before you sit down
Yeah, yeah, you see what I'm saying? Oh, there's an accumulation and it's the plumbing is not that great
You could wind up with a
Seapover and in this particular case the word was not a seapover, but a flood
So needless to say as I waddled out the door there
I mean I made a run for because you could see the water starting to come out from underneath the door
and I made a
Beeline
For that car and headed for the beeline expressway or whatever it had a good idea and I got out of there
And of course I needless to say I never went back there so I have no idea what you know what the deal was but can you even imagine?
In a dental
Probably the reaction would have been didn't spell the worst unusual
26 past 11
Here on glam grants glam slide lime radio. I didn't even read the facts about you
Would they like somebody likes you? I know one
Yesterday early in the show guy called to take a shot at Georgie city was a quasi intellectual 75 presented
Georgia show a section perversion a nice diversion for some of us
I think what the guy really wanted to say is George makes me mad because he's not a wacko religious Zionist freak like me
He then called again today. Please stop the screenless. GF. Please give up the good work George
We will not stop the screenless. Oh, no. I'm enjoying it and what's his name Carlos? He can't ask you the phone
Anyway, he's got that big thing blocking his neck
He can't get the phone close to his face. I don't think you put your phone to your when you got this big or lump
This lump that muff case that's he'll infect it if he actually uses it
I'll take you one thing. You're lucky. You got it from up and not from Andrews, Asin Woods because I understand well
27 after 11 at 560 wcm
I understand it wouldn't have been on your neck as well. I was gonna say but I won't say that if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories
You got to go to barbecue's galore get ahead start with the barbecuing season with the perfect grill and accessories
All of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe. This is a great place barbecues galore
They carry barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable
Weber charcoal grill like I keep telling you that's the one I got and I do love it
Get you an amazing deal on the top of the line 38 inch grand turbo stainless steel grill
This powerful 62,000 BTU grill comes loaded with accessories like a stainless steel rotisserie
rear burner and pull out gas cylinder shelf watch out for that rear burner
You won't be the quality or the price anywhere for all your barbecues needs at the guaranteed lowest prices
Don't forget shop on the right place barbecues galore there have two locations for you
In plantation around university driving a fountain shopping center called 954
423 1400 and the prestigious coral springs there at 7485 west sample road corner sample and rock island roads called 954
7576668 for the biggest selection of barbecues in the country and the best prices its barbecues galore
We're sports radio 560
UAM
I love it
This is bubble boy
He keeps himself in a bubble to keep from inhaling secondhand smoke
Bubble boy knows that well over
250 million people drop dead from secondhand smoke every day
And 900 trillion people die each hour from fart vapors
Bubble boy would rather be alive in the solitude of his bubble and interact with other people
He prefers to being compatible. That's why he owns a mac
Bubble boy accurately represents a small group of powerful self-righteous investors who know better than you on how to run your life
Truth is I'd like to see all of them in a bubble too
Now if you'll excuse me, I think I'll have a smoke
That's right bubble boy
Keep walking roll that bubble right off a cliff
I wonder bubble boys can do a beenaboy and speak of that we must add a bad connection this morning because I was sure before the show
I asked the beenaboy winner held up was this more I thought he said duff was playing hooky
But he said duck give him a hikki is what he said
Oh
If you try to explain it thing out his neck
408 votes on the pool minis 121 pirus 107 New York 79 bokeh 68 those are the only four in the running after that
I mean it's a waste of time don't even waste waste your effort
Here's a fact wrong from pencil mania says like wc feels I had no choice in the privilege of being born in filth of alphia
And also being ashamed to admit it my vote of courses for the city of brotherly love citing such as notables
A sliced alone and Frank how come I'm doing the Tom zikki then gulpsin like a maniac french toast
Such note that could be it sliced alone and Frank risso is evident
So I was became deeply depressed when returning to filly from anywhere even Miami. Whoa
Here's some of my favorite fields quotes first prize one week in filth of alphia second prize two weeks in filth of
Last week I went to filth of you, but it was closed and filth of you a cemetery with lights
Oh, I thought that was Miami. I thought it was south florida
We have lights and then rob said lots of light
Positive things can be said grace Kelly Kim Delaney Benfreyk the known chomsky and billy up bill crossby
Oh bill Cosby I thought said bill crossby
What's positive about bill Cosby? I can't stand those jello spy
the Cosby kids oh
Please, please I get weak between the knees when I heard that name bill Cosby
He was got an ice-fi before you were born with robber cup. That was a good show. I thought it
And then he started with trying to be a comedian and a bill Cosby show and people like Tom jikki
Oh, that's what everybody America watched the Cosby show and now I did not watch the bill Cosby show is awful
Hey, you're just ripping jikki because you got under your skin the hostables
You know any black folks named the hostables
God
What's this you just uh faxed me the shareholders of the back-tell group florida blah blah blah the uh that's cute
Isn't that nice?
That's terrible
Although it does look like that big wall. I got an MSNBC where they keep putting those pictures up
See you're not getting hardly any news at all boys and girls from any of your talking edinators
All you're getting are a bunch of puff pieces and you've noticed altering this last month
Nothing bad ever happened. We had that one weekend where things were a little bit rocky as slides glow would say
But other than that only good things happened. You know this yeah
Just like you were saying about the uh evening news last night presenting the Shiite uh uprisings and all that stuff
Oh, this is great now these people have been repressed and they're free now. Yeah, this is great
They love it. We don't know what the screamer throw a banana at this point
They're there banging themselves on the chest and they want to run a goddamn place right and they're gonna
We're saying ah Shiite man. We don't know what they'll do now
So typical so freaking typical
Children held at camp x-ray us admits
U.S. military has revealed it's holding juveniles at its high security prisons for terrorists at quantitonimobay and Cuban known as camp x-ray
The commander of the joint task force at gitmo major general japhim miller said more than one child on the age of 16 is at the detention center
Don't let the catholic church find out
Can you imagine see the line of priests who'd like to volunteer to go to gitmo right to minister to them to gitmo
However major general uh miller has revealed a little more about their welfare
He says the west is holding juvenile enemy combatants at the center confirming rumors of children being held
But he's refused to reveal how many there are there were exact ages are the countries of origin and whether or not
They'd like to volunteer to be all their boys. He says they're being well cared for our captain facility separate to adult prisoners
The children are still being interrogated will continue to be held at gitmo
They're about six hundred sixty prisoners in the camp. They've not been tried or convicted of any offense
But are being held as part of what the u.s. calls. It's war on terror
They're just being held indefinitely and they're just there
In a holding pattern
And like I told you before the show the aroma from there must be really walked into the air and I really do believe we've got high power fans
That they're pushing at tour tour divana
Yeah hurricane fans just to get eat just to get even with our uh
The bearded one. Yeah, that'd be a good idea. Let's send some hurricane fans down there
They blow be a good way to get I can take a one big roly pully one
I'm gonna get even eat him out of house and home
He'd probably take away early on his unhappy meal
Seriously, do you think he spent his last couple of years down there that he's having unhappy meals every day? Yeah
Oh, and look at my oh
You know something this is the most it this is scary. Yep
Because I knew it. I just reached back and I think oh
I
I thought you'd seen it already that is scary. I just reached back and picked a facts up after I spoke of alien and the unhappy meal
And I put the facts off you to send me aliens cousin ties the not oh
This is scary
I'm going to the track. I can't I don't have time to waste here. I'm going to the uh what where the hell they have it
Niagara falls to that casino. Yeah
Maris Greasy as Gonzalez got married
I hear that you got married to precious from a passion. You know the gym
Hank turned it down and of course Luis he ran like a bad out of hell
Gonzalez 24 homemade national news has surrogate mom the second cousin alien Gonzalez during his seven-month stay in the US
When Richard Oscar Moreno 19 19-year-old punk the Reverend Guillermo Marquez Sterling what
Guillermo Marquez Sterling associate pastor Krullgable's congregational church performed the March 9 ceremony her papa
Laszara Gonzalez gave her away. Remember La Zerola
So usually chatty proprietor of Maris Greasy as here design on coyote to climb the chat about her hubby or their wedding
Word is he installs fire alarm and sprinkler systems and they met at a funeral
How do you like that? Hmm. I didn't know funerals were a good place to pick up chicks
Where's this from oh this must be in what's your name's column? It's in the herald. What's her name? John uh, Fleischmann
The Brits that puff stuff
Maris Greasy I am shaking from the atera of this last second experience of I couldn't have it again in a billion years
How many times have we seen this happen
But third man and I'll tell you one thing right now. I see no females in somebody's future at a one of my sister no names
But that's my own personal feeling if it's free. It's me. Yeah. Well somebody else is fine because they ain't gonna be me
I'm going to no dinners, baby. I'll tell you that right now
I might go out and get some more friends to post later on like over the weekend not today. Oh no, you can't start doing that every day
Then then all of a sudden you start
Hey listen, I've had enough experience over the years. I know how to cheat
delicately, you know to weave it in there and least hold my own, you know, I know how to hold my own
Much experience 20 till noon at five. Oh, there's a mere last man
We have to say Mel
Well, maybe they will
I'm going to be doing all these things all of these until we beat serge
And if the rest of the city joins me all of you will all make it through this crisis. Yeah, and I do their
This CDC is a code group to be here tomorrow. I challenged them to come here tomorrow
And investigate and see and we shown
What or do it on their own? I don't care. He's in bad shape Miramar
He's got like hepatitis A or C or B. I think it's it's the first one a
Now he is he's in bad shape and so he's like on his last life
But at any rate they're really pissed off and far it up up here about the CDC
Think first of all it wasn't really a travel advisor where they said don't go there
And then all of a sudden the WH oh said oh yeah, well unless you've got emergency travel don't go to Toronto
And they lumped it in there with like southeast Asia. There's I'm telling you right now
There was nothing going on here in the GTA in the greater city the stuff is
You can find do the these hospitals in one apartment building which is way out east and that's it
I'm clean
Huh?
Unclean my okay
Stay the hell away. That's my best suggestion. Stay the hell away be my guest. We don't need you
20 till noon at 560 WQA. I'm here. Let me tell you right now about balance for life
We're there without any other certain fat people unmancinable one look if you want to lose the weight
Here's a way to do it that this is the way I want to present from here on in if you're frustrated
If we really are serious about losing weight
Here's a very simple way to do it because they provide all the food for you
You don't have to cook you don't have to shop you don't have to count calories
You don't have to cut carbohydrates
All you have to do is go right to your door every morning by 6 in the clock in the a.m
Or whenever you get up and there's your food waiting on you a little black sack and in that black sack is amazing stuff
Three delicious gourmet meals two delicious snacks delivered right to your doorstep and you get to choose between two alternatives
Reach meal every day that's run a program and we're talking a fresh great ingredients
Wait till you look in the first to stuff there
They're chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of great goodies and two delicious snacks as well as the three gourmet meals
And you'll have plenty of food to keep you full and satisfied all day long and that's it
That's all your food for the whole day there and you won't go starving like those other stupid diet programs
Whether you'd give it little little packages for bird seed
So here's the deal call balance for life and get started right away and watch the pounds just fly off your body
Because it's all based on the zone diet, which really works
But like I always tell you it's a very complicated program. They do all the figuring for you call balance for life today
If you're serious about losing weight getting yourself in good shape and stay in healthy getting healthy again
Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29
9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 or check them out of that wicked web at balance for life.com
I was just thinking we could do a great contest, you know what?
Yep, we have like a drawing with fat people talking past this fight Troy and I'm serious
And maybe we could all that food that we're given to a certain unmanageable and roly polly rotando at one the hercune guy
Maybe we will take care of one of our people in the audience. How do you like that? And that a great idea. It's a great idea
When in doubt, we'll check it out
Don't have a penis
Oh right
You call that a penis?
Because with no hesitation
They'd love to pick up by the water provocations and the game was a choice
The Bush administration wants to stop what they create
That's a hell of a mistake
Things are really tough dealing with North Korea
A wreck is bad enough
Now we're dealing with North Korea
And save a best bet are to cover the land just stoke up
But we might just regret dealing with North Korea
No dealing with North Korea
No dealing with North Korea
No dealing with North Korean
No dealing with North Korea
No dealing with North Korea
That's why we didn't do anything
127 and 560 WK 438 votes with in what city would you find the most obnoxious people in the world we ask today on
Neoroges.com and this poll today went over like a pregnant pool water at the equator in the middle of August
Wow, Miami huh? Not great they don't like the pool. Miami 129, Paris 116, New York 82,
Bocca 78, Philadelphia 21, DC 5 and everybody else, small potatoes and they are
foaming at the mouth here about the WH declaring that this is a what they call it they were
declaring a travel alert tainted yeah tainted and painted
Well, let me uh, they're upset. I think they're really pissed off because
Lee's got the crap kicked out of him in Philly last night. That's what they're really upset about.
I don't know what the other stuff. The fact of the matter is the hotels here are
empty man. You could probably get a dollar or a holler for a room for like a week. It's
like people tend to be just a little bit on the panicky side and like you know tend to be a
little bit nervous just like all the nervous nellies out there all these butch guys you know
oh I sure wouldn't get out of play not after 9-11 remember that yeah of course. I mean
what is that all about doesn't bother me and of course now you have to go through a whole
but I'll say this when I came up here this last time um-hmm security at Miami International
they just about uh do a cavity search I mean it is really pretty thorough some of the people
seem to be enjoying it a lot. I'm telling you where have all the weapons of mass destruction
hunters going this from the nation it's on our website today by David Korn. I'm not going
to read the whole thing I don't want to do a lot of bit times to restart plus we're getting
such a tremendous response on the phone today. Look at that I say it. Well look it's just
it's just the way it is like I was honest about it we're just biting our time until Friday
at 11.30 in the morning the winter book is going to come out I mean there are a lot of
issues are going to drop and then of course as usual a QM probably nothing will happen nothing
it makes sense. David Korn writes the obvious question is where are the weapons of mass destruction
that supposedly prompted the Bush-Chainy Rumsfeld Woolfowitz Quartet to invade Iraq. The
less obvious one is where is the mass of search and secure operation that should be scouring
Iraq to locate and control those stocks of chemical and biological weapons and WMD related
materials technology and records. The US military certainly has been looking for chemical
and biological weapons as well as evidence of a nuclear bomb program Iraq was never said
to be in possession of nuclear weapons. But what is surprising if not scandalous is that
two weeks after US troops moved into Baghdad the Bush Pentagon has not yet mounted a full
sweep of Iraq for WMD or even dispatched a sufficient amount of trained troops and specialists
to conduct such a mission. It's as if the Bush administration and the Pentagon had
invited listen to their own rhetoric about Iraq's purported weapons of mass destruction
while planning the invasion and occupation. Shouldn't the mess of these units have been
scramming across Iraq using all that pre-war intelligence that a lot of administration
officials to declare without pause that Saddam Hussein controlled enough of these dangerous
weapons to be a directorate to the US within days if not hours of the collapse of Hussein's
murderous regime. It reminds me of that emotional speech of Colin Powell and they were all
yawning you'll recall the UN. And he had the diagrams and of course the American that
were sort of hyperventilating especially Fox they were like squirting all over the
goddamn cameras they were so excited. And he was showing the maps and hearing this location
and we know that they've got the Syrian gas hidden here in VX away and they had the
locations allegedly all locked it on a map. And everybody else said oh yeah sure those
are like those old diagrams he had of the Chinese embassy and wherever the hell it was.
Right. Where the hell was it?
Beijing, most of all. Huh? I don't remember that they've been all sorry it was a mistake.
They must have known something about that. SARS is going to start.
So anyway I'd get you to a doctor right away Carlos.
You know Gregg's popped his head and during that last break. He popped him in.
Yeah. Worrying one of those surgical masks.
You know something in his case excellent idea.
If there's anybody who needs not to pollute the rest of the people in the building with his
disease that's the guy right there.
And you're supposed to laugh?
Gregg hates you.
Yeah.
By the way Mr. Macho Greg you're down there hiding okay with a mask on.
I'm sitting here in Toronto right in the middle of it supposed to be the SARS capital
of North America. Not worried about it one little bit okay not even a tiny little teeny tiny bit.
I gotta go scrub my hands now but I'm not worried about it.
Here's Mayor Mel.
So if I can.
Now well maybe you can.
He's in bad shape.
So don't get that hepatitis A.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We got that big big noon to one hour coming up today.
It's gonna be good.
I'm gonna like work out some good stuff okay okay.
Just like yesterday through in a lot of stuff we haven't played in very very long time.
I enjoyed it tremendously.
We got the man.
A hospital.
And I'd like to know who was paying all those bills.
Okay well we'll find out for you and have a great day.
Woo!
Tell them what time Randy's on and where he is on the dial.
So what was she saying about the Muck being institutionalized now?
What did you just say?
I thought that's what you said.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who I would point out has been instrumental in supporting us all along the way.
But at this point we are developing this plan so that when we get
information from Dr. Bessur.
Yeah this town's getting dumped on man.
All because of one crappy hockey game you know.
Right up until this moment.
Nobody was making a big simous about it.
Even people don't know what that means.
Let's see Scott says I'm in Pinellas Park now and I continue that the Tampa Bay Area has the
most obnoxious...
How come Tampa didn't get on there?
I don't know.
Well let's get down there right away beener boy.
Get in touch with your partner and partner and crime there.
Tell me get Tampa on there like pronto.
Wouldn't that be a great theme song for the Moe Show give my peace of chance?
Yeah that's our feelings about Tampa.
In case you haven't heard it.
It says toothless redness with their rust and I'll pick up trucks covered with rebel flag stickers.
Jesus fish gun racks and number three stickers they make the old fart...
They make the old fart that's what whatever that means.
It says I missed Tamara compared to here.
Scott and it's got he's got a Jewish last name.
Scott made the wrong move there Scott you took a wrong turn at the overpass in the underpass.
Beener boy should have pointed in the other direction.
Even making a sharp right at the beaches of big improvement over going to Tampa Bay.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey Amir how you doing?
Great.
Listen um we've been my friend and I we were waiting for the movie calling for Columbine to come out
on video.
Yeah.
It was supposed to be released today at blockbuster.
August they they've they've postponed it.
Yeah and I'm blockbuster ain't going to release it period but it's not going to be too
long as that was told because they're going to re-release it in the theaters.
I didn't know that because it was on the board for I don't know for a while and um
Well why did it was on the board at blockbuster?
Yeah as that to be released today.
So then we have really no reason to assume that they're going to
with censored because the release was delayed till August because they're going to re-release
it in the theaters one more time.
Okay well I wasn't um I the first time hearing about it.
So so before we jump on somebody called about this the other day too but before we jump
down blockbusters throats which I'm out of fan there's anyway but before we do that let's
wait and see what happens in August.
Okay Neil.
Bye bye.
Bye bye bye.
Bye bye.
You're out.
He's done.
Could you tell he was done?
I think he was done.
Four minutes till noon.
I sure like to get a copy of that.
Can't you at least get me a bootleg copy?
You're always pretty good at getting that illegal stuff.
Oh yeah.
I had a thanks before about how you enjoyed George from it and talking about sex and
deviant stuff.
Uh I'm glad you'll enjoy it in the past.
Don't expect that this summer or any other time soon.
I'm just warning them ahead of time that if they're expecting you to come on and talk
about eating, asking as a uh no mo no no mo nothing but politics and religion from that one.
Nothing but very uh
uh
Just to read the big uh the weekly reader or something like that because you know now
there were under this new way gym up there in Washington man.
We can't even take a good crap and much less say crap on a year.
We can maybe one last time okay.
One last time for the best cook.
That's it.
Don't do it again.
Because they really got their nose to the ear to the speaker.
Just just waiting to see who's naughty and I sure so no more that a** stuff.
Uh let Dwight Lutterdale take all of them channel 10.
Can't you see the promos?
Dwight Lutterdale gets his licks tonight.
Wreck them on channel 10 news.
Disgusting thought him and ends body.
Why do you come up with that?
Three minutes still known at 560 WQM.
Hey I'll tell you what's disgusting a big ugly bald spot and then there are guys running around
with all kinds of dead animals like taped to their head.
Which really something when the animal starts like sliding off to one side.
People are just rolling in the aisles.
If you don't want people laughing at you,
get yourself a great looking head of hair.
From our good buddy Charles Alfirion the reason it's so good is because he's got the latest
technology cause it the natural hairline system and you wouldn't even know guys wearing it
because it looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard
animal crown around on your forehead or a bunch of holes were drilled in your head and you've
got like a few follicles or maybe you take a lot of those dangerous pills and probably kill you
but give you no hair.
This really does the job for when you got nothing loose but the shiny ugly bald spot because
everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days,
if you're not getting laid at least 14, 15, 20 times a day,
Charlie give you a full refund.
Call today and be sure and take advantage of your $200 discount by mentioning my name as well
if you have the big peer.
The number to call toll free is 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 are logged under their world famous website at CharlesAlphiere.com
and get you your hairbrass.
My life is local.
We are sports radio five cities.
You are a-m.
I'm from O'Ele and I'm Russian Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap
made from jewels and listening to the new rocket communist hour.
Take I am!
If Jesus walked beat for today and wanted to lose weight like Jared to look good for that special
lady on a special date hypothetical to lose a tunic size would be quite a feat.
Even for Jesus.
So here's the question.
What would Jesus eat?
Swiss cheese.
Cows is holy.
Miracle whipped.
He'd have no other.
Thomas's English muffins.
Now it is.
Virgin Bloody Mary.
Honor his mother.
Lucky charms.
You guys are supposed to sing to be cured the leprechauns.
To be cured the leprechauns.
What he did was to be cured leprechauns.
Not leprechauns.
Leprechauns.
Oh I'm leprechauns.
This is where the mountain is going to be different.
Leprechauns.
Okay here.
Angelful cake.
That's better.
Devil's ham.
No way.
Hearts of palm.
Tell us more.
On ice cream.
Make up like a palm all morning.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something else.
Yeah.
All right.
I got to see this one.
Jesus.
I keep moving.
Hi.
Oh, man.
And then because he went to buy his groceries.
He'd redeemed coupons and all the stores employees.
And he would cross-strain it.
Get all cream and fit.
And one thing that he would not eat.
He would not eat shit.
Shut your mouth.
I was talking about Jesus with me.
Uncle Ben's converted rice.
He's the heathen cheese burger in paradise.
Chicken ala king.
Hold the ala.
Popeye's chicken.
All right.
Popeye's chicken.
Do you mean chicken?
Oh, I think you mean Popeye's chicken.
Popeye's chicken.
Oh, Popeye's chicken.
All right.
Did I do that again?
I missed red back.
He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do.
Karen Carpenter's dieting proven isn't good for you.
He wouldn't eat just to prove he was a real man.
And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand.
That's for the Jesus' worthy.
Yeah.
Yo, I'm a man.
I'm outside of Savannah.
And he's a big and that's no shot.
Freshly reporters.
This is the Bay orders.
Everybody hates John.
Roger.
Hey, now he's a red chick.
He's a brain chick.
Say, go.
Hey, now he's a big mouth.
Limbing out sound.
And go.
Twist.
Ships.
Vision.
He's pretty.
He should be counted in by many.
He's pretty.
I think Rocker's mental.
His brain is a rental.
Maybe he took it from Manson.
He should keep his trash shots.
Or he may get his throat cut.
He'll be around as long as Hanson.
Hey, now he's a red chick.
We can bring him.
Say, go.
Hey, now he's a big mouth.
Limbing out sound.
And go.
Twist.
Ships.
Vision.
He's pretty.
He should be counted in by many.
It's supposed to outrage his video ever
because it features real girls.
That's not just any real girls,
but real girls on video going.
Woo!
Oh, yeah.
Just the way you love them.
Real girls on video going.
Woo!
All kinds of real girls on video going.
All across America.
Real girls on video going.
Here's real girls.
At each copy of real girls on video going.
And features a group of loser drug guys going.
Woo!
That's right.
You get real girls on video going.
Woo!
And loser drug guys going.
Woo!
And hey.
Act now and you'll receive a half price.
Real girls on video going.
Woo!
That's real girls on video going.
And the focus is paid.
Real girls on video going.
Woo!
And the drug loser guy is going.
Woo!
Come play.
Order now.
And click the whole video will throw it.
Real girls on video going.
Woo!
That's real girls on video going.
Real girls on video going.
Woo!
And real girls on video going.
Woo!
And.
Woo!
And all complete with loser drug guys going.
Woo!
Order now.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
That's much better.
Woo!
Oh
You're supposed to be the space you have to be going to spend the most precious
to be respected
Very good
Oh make it tenor
Oh
Oh
No, it's not great
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
John Aaron the taxi driver
driver
You look at me so
I could tell he was in the dark so I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No, but he speaks English and in my heart
I went down to my arm and reached where the weather was nice and sunny
I walked into a liquor store but a guy there talks real fun I asked him for a pint of
Belgium Beem is just knowing to the end of what doesn't mean
The butter's pushing the English and I'm all
That's a cornered deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan
Stickingless melee
Or you can go back to the Lair
I came here many years ago but my ABC I don't say much is gross
I said pretty pretty so get yourself to a classroom quicker American now stop making mistakes
We don't want to speak English
We don't want to
That's new in 560 WQM is our big Wednesday new to one extravaganza
You notice a little theme to this so far
No, Bob and Tom
Yes, hey you never know you might not be paying attention you might be trying to heal that big lump
I'm staying away from him I'm being a boy's thing
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people that's our pull question today on eorogers.com
Miami 150 Paris 127 Mimes pull away a little bit New York 91
I'm going to tell you when you can beat New York by that big of a margin you read down something
Volka 88 Philadelphia 22 Washington DC 5 Detroit has three
Snot Stale Arizona's got a pair of Greenish Genic and the others have a small potatoes
They're building
I'll tell you what if you'd like to build a big fat career with a good paycheck to pay it off on top of it
You get yourself some training and how would you do that at fast train call 1-866 fast train
And talk to these great folks. There's no obligation
They'll tell you how in just four short months
What's that word again?
Four short months they can get you a new high-pin computer job and a big fat paycheck every payday
Call them today. There's like I said absolutely no obligation
866 fast train and they offer you convenient day eating weekend classes too
Check them out at www.fasttrained.com and don't forget
They're all over town. It's about to be one year by you. They're in Miami
Kindle. Pembroke finds in 4 lot of it
Also, there's about to be one close to where you live
And don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker
Absolutely free
So call our friends today at fast train
Tell them that just mention Todd directs name and see how fast you're the dial tone
Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train
What was that word again?
My, my, and look all
This is 4-trailed by 60
You and you and me
This is the Neil Roger Show
This is your brain
Any questions?
Hey, Susan, I didn't expect it
Hey, your butt smells great!
Is that popery in your pants?
No silly, it's red dog perfume
The new canine fragrance from red dog brewery
Wow, what a great scent!
Hey mister, come here!
You got us know my friends ass
Okay
Golly, it's like a summer's breeze
Are you busy this weekend?
Alright, who's next?
Thanks red dog
Down boy
Red dog perfume, it's growing up for a bitch but made for a woman
Available, it's moving down stillers and pisser us
In a place that feels just like a bad day at the zoo
It's your backrest and drags that drain and we need to live
It's on a prequel, it's a good day
It seems all you got and who is just got to be on air
Yeah
Who's right, it's a disaster sandwich with Alabama
My, hey, girls, the don't wear pants that's a Alabama
My, the, Alabama won't take your back
God is going to cry, filled with sorrow
I can't live for all this world
But we can't stand out because I've raised my hand like shit you know
I never know when I call you Gary
And so feel the sticky night that you tell the bad man
And as a butt fried filled with sadness the kind of bad man
Brackdom
He's a bum for the time of the band
In the kind of sand
Oh my God, I want to know how long I'll be so long
Stuck all day in front of my TV
And I get mad at most of the folks I see
But I think they're rather snuts
And feeder gennings man what a fuss
If you are my vote you should watch last their hold
He works all day on MSNBC
The wild feeder on that drives him up the tree
Shevard Smith's a major tool and CNN's air in brown is a fool
If you are my vote you should watch last their hold
He makes me feel funny in my pants
Don't get me wrong I'm not gay but I'll tell you man if I want that weight
If he paradise just me a lesser hold
All right champagne on ice and double-eyed to dead vote
Well he's a telehazzy natty who got the money from his daddy
And if I stand by little granny
Whom it's an agenda that's graphing
Well he's a telehazzy natty no but they're felling
Well he's a president and he'll start who doesn't have to run
No one else is gonna win he might as well just move right in
SIGHARD SIGHARD SIGHARD
He has the golden spoon he was born with up his ass
So look out all you Jews get ready for the gas
He's a telehazzy natty who give our civil rights to WAMB
Oh, was he a telehazzy natty?
Love of FLA
Well he's a very wealthy Jew with very past his views
Who never paid his dues by next year will all be screwed
SIGHARD SIGHARD SIGHARD
Any smart could win that race against funny but K, why do you think they call it Guba
Victoria Lanyway, he's a telehazzy natty
Oh, he'll link the KKK natty
Oh, he's a telehazzy natty, no but they're felling
Come on, let's do stuff
Come on, let's go for the next
Remember how it used to be a warm summer evening
Dad outside of the grill, mom inside of the stove
And throughout the house the unmistakable aroma of the M baked beans
The M baked beans slow simmered with molasses and pork
And our patented brick ovens for that thick rich meaty taste
Hmm, the M baked beans have you had your B M today?
Mortgatory
With the old dry I Pr like not having a lie
Thinking I should have been getting it
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that's not allowed to leave the brilliance, take the tunnel
And go look back and down the Jews it turns like the Tamil, the rest roll the malls
And the sidewalks hail from your hair, as you wrap your nails, go your friends
You're going to gloomy and there's anyone fit far behind
I'm going to go back and down the streets, I'm going to go back to the town
I'm going to go back to the town, I'm going to go back to the town
There's someone with you up here
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that's not allowed to leave the brilliance, take the tunnel
And go look back and down the Jews it turns like the Tamil, the rest roll the malls
And the sidewalks hail from your hair, as you wrap your nails, go your friends
You're going to gloomy and there's anyone fit far behind
Get down south, pass back and sack, there's a town, call Tamil, act with it
On the coldest sack and to that you're about to go to the next door
We're down south, pass back and sack, there's a town, call Tamil, act with it
Pass back and sack, there's a town, call Tamil, act with it
Pass back and sack, there's a town, call Tamil
Well I've never got a vine, the gun no ride, that I've been through the round these days
Now as the glass and feather wheels fixed up, the way a brother would lie again
Now as they peed and chanted, and the trim is cold, and it dies off the bus seat
I got the candle liquid cherry, yo, y'all baby
Open a crud on a cherry cherry, and pee baby, peep, y'all baby
Shiny little little little smelly machine, to fussy's big chin
Now so I bounced down the road, and I think that is super bad way
Now with the hodest drop, don't think deals a day of it around the piece of the praise
I got you 79, my own phone, Carolina, show looking fine now, use my baby candle, that's...
Now baby, open a crud on a cherry cherry, and pee baby, peep, y'all baby
Shiny little little little smelly machine, yo
I got my windows down, on the hot summer day, cause they're busy don't work no way
The sweaty pressure loss eats, thoughts the smell, and gets the dusty look in a little bit time
How about back to you find the shiny granite smell like glass, thanks my coffee, and Johnny,
I do this how they washing it with all the roads
I don't know baby, open a crud on a cherry cherry, and pee baby, peep, y'all baby
I'm a shop at news, going over street folks, and to school
Don't know baby, fresh with Lauren, Terry, you'll be better to pee baby, peep, y'all baby
C'mon 25, 5, 6, you know what you're doing, it's a great Wednesday man, you can almost smell it, can't you?
All the way here I can smell it, but that what it is
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people, that's our poll question today, we're looking for obnoxious people in the last several days we found a whole bunch of them
Miami 155, Paris 132, New York 96, Bokka 91, we got a New York, Bokka is right on New York's ass
Phil Phanofia 22, DC, small potatoes after that, so it's a four-way race, and Bokka is right on New York's ass
Of course, where do you think most of the people in Bokka came from?
Taiyi, uh huh, hey how many times did you hear about an opportunity, and you just sat there like you were in suspended animation and didn't move and do the right thing, and then passed you by
Don't let life pass you by, interest rates have gone down, even lower than they were before, financial group was offering you, and amazing interest rate of 3.45%
Then they lowered it even better to 2.95% now rates have gone down even lower just 2.45% financing with financial group
Let me say it again 2.45% so call financial group and find out about it at 1-800-940-Lend
How long will these low interest rates last? Probably not very long, it's a wonderful opportunity which we invite you to hop through
With financial group get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself a Schmidt load of cash, thousands of dollars
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend, and you're probably wondering, you're scratching that bald spot on your head like Greg does all the time
Level 2.45% financing due to my monthly payments. Well, here's some examples
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $70,000, $70,000, $70,000, $70,000, $70,000, $393, so do it now
Get the information by calling financial group toll free 1-800-940-Lend
1-800-940-L-E-N-D, they're an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change without notice
So do it now 5.34 APR
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
I'm going to have a look at the
You bunch of cool crazy 90
Bunch of cool, are you people stupid?
Yeah
You bunch of mooks
Yeah, bunch of mooks
At this rate, someone's got the
Doodle right thing
I will be counted
Till spring
So what's the difference
With the final score
Just give it to George Bush
Or give it to Gore
What a new
Not go ahead
You do the right thing
God's the best
Or we'll be counted
Till spring
Because either way
They
No, it was a time
So I wonder why
Please don't be brave
In this thing
Pick a king
Hand counting ballots
Is always vacuously
And we'll be at it
Till spring
Both guys and groupers
They're petty and small
They don't have much on them
Neither could run
A store and a mall
Even a group in there is a
It makes no difference
Which mark wins this thing
Let's wrap up the counting
By spring
Let's give it to
Nader
Or Pat Buchanan
Or maybe Perot
Will cost his head back in
How about Ali
Make me a law her best friend
Link
As long as we don't
Have the count till spring
Will I fall the farm is kind of
Bad, I haven't had punses
Or help a handshake
He knows the count and I was a chick
Thank God I'm a country game boy
Well I love it in the summer when it's time to do the hey
We hire all these guys that's when I start to play
Shirts off sunshine, sweatin' in the wagon
Thank God I'm a country game boy
Oh right
Well I got a miss, she's been a keeping kind of busy
I want to go hard so much time to get busy
Fire nights out, I think it's time to party
Thank God I'm a country game boy
Will this bench six years since the last got caught
I told the farm owner therapy was over known
Can't find a man while I'm tryin' to be old
Oh God I'm a country game boy
Well I hired this guy about two weeks ago
He told me he was great but I better never know
I hear fake moves I had to let him make up
Thank God I'm a country game boy
Well I got me a great lover like the simpwittle
Grab a little less and make a donkey middle
Lies spend greats just a month till the country
Thank God I'm a country game boy
Oh
I you guys like this hot so far
What do you think?
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Can I love my chickens and I love my piggies
I try to find them
If they have little dinkies
Vegetarian but I love to win me
Thank God I'm a country game boy
We're the piano-porn of job and a queen for balls
You lose yourself hot but I call you a horse
Just remember all employees use a back door
Oops
Come on that's natural
Come on
I got me a fine line of gullaskin fiddle
Play you what you make your swivel just a little
Can't get fine line pissing down your t-shirt
Oh
Oh
Thank God I'm a country game boy
What would you do without me?
Honestly I want you to be honest
You'll make me perfectly honest
What did you think?
I'm good
You like that didn't you?
How about you thought I was hot and a little hot?
How much do I get?
I want to check you like that
How much can you get hot yet?
Oh you love it
I love to know the town
How
Oh
Oh
They changed the name too
Alien heart
Explosions are now
That's where the bucks are
Get your pants out on leather away
Until you see the human game
And I am water or ride
Where you grab a Jew or a raft
Like take the broken up
To a democracy
Down
Back south of you
We'll down
Underwater and drown and back around
To let the rough feel down
If the biggest parking river is seen
That people nature
All the toilets are clean
They'll start as autograph
Like a big shot media star
And then a parkier car
It's all about how important you feel
And the rest of the hundred things
It's no big deal for a couch and trip fun
Go down the alien part
Music
Music
They're dying the air from the road coasts
And rocking music by
Lost bandland
And being their demands
Unsure cosy clouds
At least the road is when they probably play
And back to you and say
My only one in this new day
That's for me toilet that sucks
They now call Alien heart
Alien Alien
Heart
Alien Alien
Heart
Alien Alien
Heart
Heart
Alien
Heart
Just a reminder for our radio listeners
That the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30pm
And the department of health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances
Turn off radios
And TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day
And for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30pm
Mark it down
Got it
22 to 1 at 5.60 WM the mad dog
The hostile hound will be long on one hank at 3
And then we got Marlins on direct 630 Marlins in the brewers at P.P. Park
And Alien Park
705 followed by NDK and Joanne Mark
Over night in the dark
I want to tell you if you're in the dark about health, there's a really good product that can only help
Older you man
Been talking about this for years and now I'm poppin' into my blood pressure
My blood pressure this morning was 126 over 82
How do you like that before I pop my pills
You impressed? I don't know what that means
That's what I thought
Older you my soft gels contain pharmaceutical-grade olive oil
It's not just ordinary plain olive oil
It is super concentrated
Loaded with health benefits
Older you my everyday can't produce the risk of heart disease
And high cholesterol, I guarantee if you pop only a med every day
You won't have a big lump on your neck like vener boy
Plus there are 14 different old you made formulas to choose from each one combining the finest olive oil and money can buy
With vitamins, minerals, herbals, all kinds of good stuff in there
This supports specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure, to your immune system
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need
And now three exciting new old you made formulas
One to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight
And coq 10 a very very important product for your heart
Pick some up today at Publix and Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedan, Azur, Ardora, and online
If you like audiomedamerica.com or get more information about their products
I call them tool free 1-866 Oliomed
That's 1-866-6536-333 for better health
Start popping some Oliomed and you're pushed to death
I beg the local of these 60s-560s
The rain is all yours now
2 am
Time's falling
Tonight we are our country awakened to danger
In cold to defend freedom
Why does the sun go shining?
This would now find it down
Why does the sea rush to show?
Aggressive conduct, all of them that they need to war
Don't they know it's the end of the world?
Cause you don't love me anymore
This nation is opposed to war
Does anybody want to get out of here?
Why is it the first?
You're okay, you're voting!
You're voting! You're voting!
Why did the stars glow above the sky?
I don't think you know it's the end of the world
A town?
It ended when I lost your love
It ended when I lost your love
It ended when I wake up in the morning
And I wander through the evening
I'm a prick
Why everything's the same as it was
Now I know I'm Mr. Ray
I can't understand
No I can't understand
How I go wrong away
I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly dead
Why does my heart go on being?
Raining in the sad stick brown moon
How does that mess you baby up there
Eating the river sandwich from the south crowd
Don't stop now baby let it all hang out
The moral price you've built you
The moral price you've built you
The moral price you've built you
It's all hang out
Get the chalk
Let it all hang out
Let it all hang out
Everything is fine, hung my balls
Who's that group of Muslims?
Helping terrorists
Give a bunch of backwards thinking fundamentalists
The Taliban
Who are those binari
That are still good hate
If you're caught stealing it
You're handled and you hate the Taliban
The Taliban can
The Taliban can cause the rule of Afghanistan
But they're up to no good
A Taliban man he doesn't give a damn about his country's starving masses
To show us where the Kiber masses
So we can go and kick their asses
Who keeps all the women
Covered head to toe
It could be Osama under there
You'd never know the Taliban
The Taliban can
The Taliban can cause the rule of Afghanistan
But they're up to no good
Hi Gabi
I'm interested in getting some operations done
And some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if you had some tummy talk
And lip augmentation
Cosmic breast surgery
Face to all of these things
And those wondering
Well I need to get everything done
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing
Okay we don't do that
No could you do breast implants though?
I can't be done
But I don't know what they would do right away
It puts the lotion in the basket
How much?
5,000
Excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too
Laser surgery
Have the lambs stop crying yet?
Mommy
Don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV
Okay
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well we'll have to see you first
And then if I'm looking at you we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts?
Mommy
If you'd like to
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes
Okay, there is a $100 consultation fee
That's fine
Okay
Okay
My name is Buffalo Bill
Okay, let me give you a little information from you
Okay, you can't remember
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
It puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation for advice?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
It puts the lotion in the basket
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay, I will talk to you in the chat, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Hello
The passage of time hasn't diminished the effectiveness of the sentence in my brain
I'll tell you that
What city and what city will you find the most obnoxious people anywhere as we ask today?
My only $177
Paris 144
New York 103
And Bokka 97
Everybody else is also ran
Wait on the line
11-11
Mad Dog 1 o'clock here on 5-60
QM tomorrow is just kind of like a fill-in day
And then Friday
The book comes up
Man, it is going to be heavy
Do you be able to spell it from coast to coast from pillow to coast?
They speak into your bedpost
Over a million people have done this smart thing in bottom actress including me many times
From dial am actress over the phone that's it just one easy call
Easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do is call 1-800-MATRUS
1-800-MATRUS
We'll talk to a betting expert knows the stuff inside and out
And they'll hook you up with the counter-mactress you're looking for
Seely, surd, surd, a simons-kink, coil, every size every style
And exactly the one you're looking for is in stock ready for just about immediate delivery
Dial am actress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
They got more repeat and referral customers than anybody
Because they know how to treat you right
Once you buy from them, you'll never go back to those expensive over-priced showrooms again
And don't forget when you buy from dial am actress
They set up the new and take away the crappy old-sural betting for free
That's right, dial am actress sets up the new and takes away the crappy old betting for free
So make the call right now and guarantee yourself a great night sleep for months and years to come
Call 1-800-MATRUS
1-800-MATRUS for dial am actress the smart way to get you a great new bet
We're sports radio 5-60
U-A-M
Were you fudge back in?
Yes
Yes
No
You're all made
He's on the command
He got his spare tire eared in me
He's always hauling the health load
He had a blue plate special with free fried beans
And you can hear his cranky throat
And Mr. Tidey bow
He better jump in wrong
You better hide you hide my friend
They're old man
He's on the command
They're old man
He's on the command
If your funny snacks taste like hell
This year at Christmas serve
Jesus of Nazareth
Your guests will say holy cow when they bite into these sinful erich treats
And Jesus of Nazareth coming of variety of flavors from alapeno to alaluia
Get the snack he would of light and the taste worth paying for
Jesus of Nazareth
It's your salvation this christmas
There's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business loop 80 right next to christler on mighty mortars
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded to dom a people killed
With the gas that we sold him
First time aggressive nation and the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil
Pull it or get up out to re-end
The nooks they're talking and the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our head
Daddy rag has some
Femps of master's instruction
Three thousand people killed
I'm now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey there's oil to be caught in going after satan to
Plankato Sama there's no longer mention of
The name is laudit but no one seems concerned all
Company and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration
That controlled us by fear through lady am manipulation
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head
Daddy rag has some weapons of master's instruction
The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying
We're all suspects now not the ashram business
I have nothing to hide table talkers all are saying
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation
Bout unprovoked, battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall in having burden and stoke
With no objection at all till the crack don't have the fault and the right
Wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade watch pants
I rag has some
Femps of master's instruction
Only I rag has some
Femps of master's instruction
You think that's just a coincidence that
Gingrich opened up a big mouth he happens to be now
Newt Gingrich and advisory defense secretary down the rumsfeld
You know that no I do know that's the reason that he came out and
Planned the state department for alienating American allies and
Endangering his real security packing your obdictators and just bitched out the state department so we
Had to do away with it as a matter of fact
Meaning cool and power course who happens to be the one dove course he's you know he's small potatoes now anyway
They got him they got one ball cut off him as well chopping both of them so let's try it out a little newt my
Steer all the right wingers man rich sand to him he's attacking a fags newt Gingrich he's attacking the state
Department of colon power and meanwhile a rumsfeld he's getting ready to drop the big ones on North
Korea and anybody else we can get in Syria of course that's a wolf he's territory those fascist and Syria
And you think we got problems with SARS and Toronto yeah
Yeah, that should be your biggest problems George of course we know what your biggest problem hey the rumor i'm here and up here
Already is that mow is going to make that thing on on Carlos's neck better tomorrow morning he's going to kiss it better
He's going to kiss it make it feel better and I think on his neck too anyway
Are pulled today in what city will you find the most obnoxious people maybe and mow of course is in he lives in Boka
Miami 175 Paris 148 New York 109 Boka 97
Which used to be a lot more civilized place until about 14 months ago Boka 97
Philadelphia 23 DC having six Detroit three
Snot St. Arizona's got a pair Atlanta's got two
Greenwich Connecticut's got a pair Oakland's got two
Tampa which is just gone on here a moment ago has got a pair Moscow one and Vienna Austria I guess we need to get that guy a computer
Or at least maybe a Vini sausage speaking of sausage we got the mad dogs you managed to one to hump or a three this afternoon
Bye bye bye
