Oh my!
So, cannabis, our home and needed bread.
Oh!
High-posh and sea, will not kill on your hands.
Welcome!
With the sharp eyes, as she fives our sights,
we reclaim joy, because you'll see.
It's a legal drug recording show,
and it'll die you'll see.
Oh, blind.
The day the three,
glorious and training.
Oh, can it best be,
as it's born to me?
Oh, can it best be,
as it's born to me?
Did you know that in 2001, Canada became the first country
to legalize the use of marijuana for medical reasons?
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
See, we just started, you learned something already.
Wow.
Big, big article, a big spread,
and the very conservative, the ultra-conservant Toronto Sonia
today, front page story.
And it says, oh, cannabis.
Oh!
Is what the ahead line is.
Is Canada ready for Relax marijuana laws?
And it's got part of a six-part series.
New law, just a ticket.
Canada goes to pot.
It says, just as Minister Martin Koshan
intends to introduce a new bill,
revamping pot laws before the summer.
Oh!
And you like that?
It's got a breakdown here.
Of who's smoking it and who's not?
In fact, it's even got names and addresses
where he can get some good stuff.
I think George's name is on here.
Oh, yeah.
Who's smoking the majority of Canadians
over the age of 45 have never smoked marijuana?
The majority of Canadians under 25
have smoked marijuana in the past 10 years, 54%.
Sounds like a majority to me.
Oh, yeah.
It says, well, I'm not going to go to all the numbers.
They're boring.
So there you go.
As you know, America continues lagging way behind.
That'll be another nail in the coffin for the folks up here.
Oh, you're changing the pot laws.
Now we're really going to come down on your ass.
In fact, we'll probably have a small army
invading there like over next weekend.
Now, our survey over this last weekend,
you would think that if ever there was a poll
that we took, that we pulled just a survey.
Where the chronic lunatics would just, you know,
just leave it to hell alone, that this would be the one.
Our annual demographic survey,
which demographic category you fall in,
male, whatever, female, and the age categories.
Wouldn't you think that?
You would think so.
Of course not.
No.
I mean, starting Saturday night and all the way through yesterday,
a feeding frenzy of psychosis,
either by one deranged individual,
or more likely that little circle-jerk group,
where we know who they are.
Yeah.
Female 12-17.
I think what the deal is what they're trying to say
is they would like to be females 12-17.
They're female, they're teenage females
trapped in a men's body.
Now what it is?
Makes out a little, little Geraldina,
and Francesca, whatever their names are.
Julietta.
Julietta?
That's a good one.
2011, real people on there,
which, uh, beat her boys very disappointed about that.
I don't know why we broke all records this past weekend
for hits on our website on a weekend.
Really?
Yes.
Well, they had to get on there a whole bunch of times
to face their votes.
No, no, we're not talking about that.
You're only talking about 484-frag votes.
The last one.
I'm not even going to go through the whole numbers.
You can take a look on there,
and if you want to take a peek at a real quick,
the 505 on females 12-17,
just attract 484 of the real numbers 21.
George only wishes that we had 505 young ladies
out there listening.
Yeah, sure.
They're not.
They'll theme me a 18-34 or 40, that ain't too bad.
Not too great.
Huh?
Let's face it, we got 90% of our audience are men,
or at least they're pretending to be.
And the rest of them are undecided.
Here's the poll for today.
Something that will be a work in progress, no question.
I don't think we ever did this one.
No, not exactly like this.
No, not exactly like this.
Well, you know, you stand on your head and you wiggle around.
I got a lot to say today, boy.
In fact, today is the day I'm changing my whole life.
Yeah.
I think I was inspired to do this on what happened on this show on Friday.
If this audience only knew.
And then Tom Jicke comes up with a comp.
Hey, Tom, let me tell you something.
Okay, I'm glad that you're still listening.
That's wonderful to know somebody about your radio.
But you're so far off base, you haven't got any idea as usual.
What you're writing about, little Tommy.
And if you want to like take a shot here in your column at wacky Jackie,
understand you were the brunt of the lawsuit years ago,
when a lot of stuff went out at IOD.
And now you're prectrified and you terrified of mentioned certain names on a year,
or in your column rather, or on a year when you're filling in.
So basically, this whole article is geared toward Jack Thompson,
and other people of his ill-court,
appointed themselves as the moral censors of the airwaves.
But Tom Jicke never mentions his name in here.
And also, Tom's got more misinformation,
but we'll get into it eventually.
But on Friday, on that rating show, all I can say is,
oh my gosh.
Why, is it, you know, something in fact it must have been sublimable.
That must be why I started a show today with,
oh my, oh my!
That was a holdover from Friday.
Oh, you talk about emotional cripples in that place.
And I really don't know at this point really what I'm allowed to say or not to say what I should say.
I don't know what the hell to say other than, oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Because the ratings, the arbitron people of it only,
there was some controversy about eight diaries in the rating process,
not having to do with QAM, thank God,
although in the same family.
Not Power 96, am I narrowing it down?
But I can't say what it was, or I better not.
And so there were allegations that,
I don't know what the hell to say,
so to make a long story short,
a Greg Read and the Mufflinzi,
the two hysterical twins, they got together and decided that right in the middle of the show,
I don't know what the hell time was, about 12-15.
To have George fax me a note saying,
stop what you're doing immediately and call a Greg and Duff in Duff's office now
and I'll fill in for you.
So I immediately am thinking like the world has just come to an end down there
or somebody died, I assume somebody must have died.
Bear in mind, they didn't tell us what it was about when they told us to tell you to do that.
As opposed to like just scrolling out of the little note and saying,
there's a dispute over some of the diaries and Arbatron is like,
maybe the numbers are, oh no, this was before 1130 wasn't it?
Yeah, this is about 1020, not 1220.
1220 was the second message for end of Duff.
Oh, stop what you do now and call Duff immediately and blah, blah, blah.
So at that point, they had stopped sending the data down
because they put an embargo on her rating.
What is that?
An embargo?
Because they wanted to recheck it twice and see who's naughty and nice.
And we did this and who dumbied up that and carried the word.
Oh, brother.
So actually, I schmitcando's had threw them all out.
I did say schmitcando by the way, little time.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
See, when he doesn't understand it, I did hit the dumb button that day.
At least I thought it.
Maybe it didn't hit it hard enough.
In addition to which, that's not the even the important part about the story.
The important part is it was a slip of the tongue.
I've done that before.
Could happen to anybody who hasn't.
And the FCC doesn't really care about that,
which is you're shocking considering these fashions we got in here.
That's not what the law is all about, Tom.
And he writes a whole column about that.
That's not what it's all about, Tom.
It's about the first local thing he's written about,
the local radio or TV in almost a year now, and he's got it wrong again.
Oh, well, thanks for the publicity.
But one thing about Tom's jitter.
It's about the stupid.
He just can't get it right.
He can't get it right.
If the words and the languages used to appeal to the purient interest of the audience,
it's at that point that they come down on your ass and say,
we're going to find $80 billion.
Whatever the hell it is.
That's what it's all about.
Not if somebody in the course of normal conversation alerts out a word
and happens to get on for whatever reason.
Come on, Tom.
He butch up a little bit.
Can you do it?
No.
Jesus.
God almighty.
Are you lame?
But he is listening.
So we don't want to hurt his feelings.
He's doing his very thin skin.
And just snort in the belch a lot on the year.
So here's our poll question today to get us started.
I'm going to read Tom's column on her because it's really lame.
And also on your weapons of mass destruction that they thought they found yesterday.
Not again.
And that connection between Al Qaeda and Iraq that certain people
are putting Ms. Grudge were so psychotic a lot over the weekend.
Come to find out it was just, you know, like they they chatted.
You know, there's nothing concrete there.
There's no evidence of any kind to indicate that Al Qaeda was involved with Iraq
in planning 9-11 or any other damn thing.
They said they hate the US and the West and basically that was it and have a nice life.
So did I mention about the rumors?
Oh, wow.
You thought Friday was strange on this show.
I got a, I got a, a deli story for you on Saturday.
By the way, everybody who knows Jeff Rimmer call him up.
You got a cell phone number.
They're here.
They're here.
Call him up and say, Neil's not taking you guys through with Christenite.
Neil, I'm nothing to do with you guys.
Neil's going to be hiding.
Neil's going to be hiding out of the bed.
Can you guys get out of town enough already enough dinners enough being slept around enough
paying for meals that I don't want to feed the family of six or whatever it is.
He slept me on Saturday.
I'm telling you what he did was criminal.
There are people on death row for less than what this man did to me.
And after all the schlepping to go away the hell up on the earth end and go to his son's apartment
and pick up the wife in the daughter and slept four of us over to this deli.
Oh, we don't want to go to the pickle, but no, that's too good.
No, I got a place because I know the city.
I grew up here.
Rimmer has given me.
And then we get in the car and again we're schlepping and going and driving.
And we pull up to a place a little strip shopping set of the size of your ass.
A delicate test in the size of a, of small phone booth.
Each booth in there was small.
And he did.
And this is a true story.
He banged his knee so hard on the edge of the booth he thought he broke his leg.
And if I was them I'd be waiting for the coffin the lawyer.
That's another one of their favorite deals, you know.
Oh my god.
The old slip and fall routine.
And not only that, I got the Kishka.
I'm going to tell you something.
You've been with me at the Swap Shop.
Remember those appearances right here?
Well, the elephant droppings.
Remember those?
The appearance of the hero.
That was the Kishka to start.
And then the dry sandwich.
How can you make a bad salami sandwich in a deli?
With no pickle, no coarse law, no nothing.
The worst bunch of dreck I've ever had in my life.
And then the bill comes for the four of us at the end of the meal.
There's one of me and three of them keep in mind that, okay?
Mm-hmm.
The bill comes at the end of the meal, 52 bucks.
The waitress hands it to remember who's sitting on the edge.
He passes the right out of me.
His daughter just about crawled out into the little tiny table.
He just hands it right over to me.
The freebies are over, Rimmer.
Have a safe trip home.
Bye-bye.
Get out of my life.
He really believes I'm slapping them to Ruth Christenite.
Now the daughter left to go back to Columbus yesterday.
So he thinks I'm taking him, his wife, his son, and his son's girlfriend to forward them.
There again, one of me and four of them, and I'm going to slap them to Ruth Christ for a meal that I can't afford to eat.
And I certainly don't want to go spend money for it.
I could afford it.
Do I want to do it?
No. Absolutely not.
No.
Bye, Rimmer.
Have a good life.
Don't take it personal unless you want to.
The poll today, what was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
This is not who's the best actor.
We've done that.
We're the best actors.
And we'll do this for the actresses tomorrow.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
And I've got three that I thought of, Marlon Brando and a godfather, Peter Finch and Network.
Hopefully everybody you've seen in both of those movies.
All I'm sure that some of them probably haven't, which I can't imagine.
I'm as mad as hell as I'm just going to take it anymore.
Oh!
And Jack Nicholson and one full over the cook who's next.
Don't you think that's a good start?
Excellent start.
Now, the Marlon Brando one's going to be hard to beat.
Although I have one to add.
Well, well, can I just relax?
Yeah, you can.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
913 at 560 WDQM on I Pressure Field Monday, although not as Pressure Field is Friday.
And then that Delhi.
Oh!
Like getting your car and driving 600 miles to go to a...
Denys, but this would be an insult to Denys if I said that.
To go to a Denys restroom and leave a flood.
If you've got a weight problem like a lot of the rest of us, here's the answer for you.
Have you tried balance for life?
If not, what are you waiting for?
A lot of smart and satisfied people have done it because they've tried all the fad diets and they're still fat.
They've tried the pills that are supposed to make you thin, doesn't work.
Balance for life works because it keeps you satisfied all day long.
Plenty of food you don't have to start with it.
And it's great delicious food too.
Everything is fresh, made with the best ingredients.
They bring you a little black sack.
That's all you need to know.
They give you a menu every week that you fill out.
You pick from two choices for each meal every day that's your own program.
And they bring a little black sack right to your work.
You're home by 6 a.m. every day.
And in your sack, that's all the food you need for the whole day.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right to your doorstep.
And the weight just pours off your body as you have a big satisfied look on your push all the time.
Because like I said, you're not running around starving.
You don't have to count calories or carbs.
You don't have to do any cooking or shopping or cleaning because they do all of that for you.
So let balances of life for life help you lose the weight once and for all.
Call us number 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229.
It really works and it's delicious too.
Or check them out on their website at balanceforlife.com.
This is my life and local.
This is 420-568-288-288.
If it's free, it's me.
Oh!
You can have or you can pack your weight since we're eating today the oily bites of the day.
Oh!
Grab those tongues and flip the food around as if a diamond could be found under the train.
But don't forget who's made the bill and whose food you're gonna be.
Your dying saved the last fish for me.
Now food is tasty and the price is low.
I love for things so much.
My favorite thing of all is when I go, I love to find a lens to touch.
Tell me first if I can.
Yes I know.
Yes I know.
You eat your hands and you can get back to life when it's time.
Yes I know.
Yes I know.
The food is soft, the food is soft.
And some real good food is soft.
Like a Roni, you can feel some sweet food.
But don't forget who's made the bill and whose food you're gonna be.
Your dying saved the last fish for me.
It's our dying saved the last fish for me.
It's our dying saved the last fish for me.
Oh I said perfect or what.
I forgot to mention at the end of this meal with this grotesque, make-believe shoe box size deli.
Yeah.
So it's one of these places where you have to pay at the counter.
Waitress doesn't take the check in the cash.
So I go up there, we're all waddling out and I pay the 52 bucks Canadian A.
And as we're walking out the door I said, by the way, Bremmer, did you leave a tip?
Oh no I forgot.
So he went back in there and I, I, I, I, I, I, doesn't even think how much it was.
Do you have a lot of clips?
Yes.
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.
Try to sneak out without even leaving a tip.
See, there's some things you go through in life and you tolerate people like fat boy.
It is a good example.
I realized today he may be getting that operation to hospital.
I wish him well on that, but other than that I'm, I've written him off.
After the experience I went to here on Friday, a, not a near death experience in terms of physical near death, but just in terms of, you know what I'm saying.
Oh yeah.
Just this total psychotic episode.
I just, I've turned it over a new leaf.
Go leaf, go.
A new fig leaf.
I mean, I just, I'm sorry.
I just don't have that much time left.
I'm 60 years old plus.
The days are falling away here.
The older you get, the faster the time goes by.
And I just don't have time to waste on things and on people that I'm interested in wasting them on, you know.
Yeah, I do.
You just tolerate stuff for a certain point and then you finally say, have a great life.
I don't wish any bad, but just lose my number.
Go away.
And that's it.
That's the way I feel about the rimmers, about the fat boy, about a lot of people.
See, I'm one of those people I'd rather have four or five really good friends as opposed to having four or five hundred fair-water friends.
Now, I know some people that want to be surrounded just surrounded by a zillion fair-weather friends.
You know, people that really don't care about them all that much, but put on a good act.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know.
I'm not into that.
And so as time goes on, I just become less and less inclined to surround myself with people who I know were just klingons, just hangers on users.
Yeah.
And like I said, there are certain acts that are kind of funny for a while and then they get stale and then they get really annoying.
There was just one phone call message too many left here yesterday and that put me over the edge.
I mean, I could go to the Ruth Christine that I did not eat a whole lot or any extras just have an eye steak and maybe a little bit of soup or something or that barbecue shrimp and pick up the check.
But then that's the point.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
I don't need that kind of a meal number one and number two.
I'm tired of being snored on, man.
It's one thing to get snored on.
It's another thing to get snored on.
And this kind of feeling of entitlement is if well, I only lost just several hundred thousand dollars with mature show.
And that kind of like that thing wasn't that enough when you think after that there'd be an embarrassment factor involved the idea, the hootspa.
I'll think of it and I should be schlepping them around and pick it up their meals because I happen to make a lot of money.
Seems to me he lives in a much more expensive house than I do.
Last time I checked.
I just mentioned these things in passing.
I'm just bitter and hostile towards certain people.
Like I told before the show, which I'm active is discussed on the year.
Also other people that I just tired of it.
I'm tired of people plying at me.
People that like, you know, just go away.
Have a good life.
I don't wish you any bad, but just get lost.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do.
I'm sure you do.
Anyway, before we do the jicke column.
Oh, now you were going to make a suggestion for the poll?
Yeah, Al Pacino in a dog day afternoon.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, the next question
Al Pacino dog day afternoon.
Now who's right knees down, me?
And then Carlos says.
Transforming them.
So we got lots of buffers.
Yeah, oh, oh, man.
It all started Friday.
About 10, 15 in the morning and it hasn't stopped since then.
It was surreal.
It hasn't stopped ever since before it sure has created a real awakening in what's left of my brain.
Stop what you're doing right now and call Greg and the Duff.
You needed a camera for that.
I mean, based on what?
First of all, it had nothing to do with me.
It's like certain other people, Norma Kent,
another one who's in the very marginal category on my list.
Calling me up.
And I'm always calling on a way to the ballpark,
and a way to the Marlin game.
He's probably got one of his twinkies in the car there with him,
one of his boyfriends, and trying to impress Colin Neal Rogers,
and he's going to tell him this and tell him,
stuff that has nothing to do with me whatsoever.
Norma, don't you understand?
I just had a stroke a couple of months ago.
I don't need to get stressed out about stuff that has nothing to do with me.
And then he'll do it like three or four more times in a row.
The next like three days in a row.
Does this have anything to do with me?
No, but I thought you'd want to know.
I don't want to know.
Who do you, QIN?
Hello, I think the speaker Neal, please.
Speaking.
Neal, good morning.
How about Tom Hanks and Philadelphia?
Mmm.
I'll put it on here, but I hate Tom Hanks.
Yeah, but that was a tremendous performance.
Okay.
I'll take your word for it.
All right, I'm done.
Thank you, you're done.
See, I just, it may have been a very great performance in a wonderful movie,
but after, what was that one of the, the, uh, the mermaid?
Splash.
Splash.
After Splash, that was the end of Tom Hanks for me, you know.
That was a cute movie, and it was just fine, and, uh, that's all I needed to see him.
And he's another one of these guys got a new movie out every five minutes,
saying, uh, enough is enough already.
Tom, don't go away, mad Tom.
Just go away and he's raking in the millions.
I mean, it makes no difference what I say because life is like a box of halovah.
Know what he said?
Yeah.
I think the fat, I mean, would agree with him.
Careful what you wish it made backfire right, Tom.
Joking.
I just be patient.
I'll get to you people on the phone.
I've obviously got a lot of suggestions.
This is the kind of poll they like to sink their teeth and do.
Everybody's got an opinion, which is why we do them.
We can put about 50 on here when you're thinking, don't do that about 30 thing.
No, we can put a lot more than that on there.
Well, that saved the last fish for me.
And now that I got this book, no, seriously, now that you send me this disc,
and you know, I don't, I don't think there's a play that I'm here.
There's the book is so, I'm dangerous now.
Oh.
Tom jicker writes on Saturday in the sunset, and he'll tell me his first column
about radio or TV in the local area in a year.
And I'm supposed to be the one that's out of touch.
In spite of that great book we just had, Tom, I can't wait to see the article about the ratings.
Careful what you wish for it made backfire right, little Tommy.
Neil Rogers committed a slip of the tongue one morning this week,
culminating over the Sarge state of his nation's weekend, his nation's weekend programming.
He called a schedule a human waste, but he didn't use those words.
Uncharacteristically, he blurted out the four letter street term.
Schmidt without the M.
For some inexplicable reason, either Rogers nor his support staff at WQIM
hit the seven second dump button.
Guess what Tom?
There's your first mistake.
Perhaps it was because they were laughing too hard.
As Racy and controversial as Rogers program is, he generally knows where the line is that can't be crossed.
He seemed to shock himself in committing such a juvenile blunder.
There's the second mistake.
First of all, wasn't a juvenile blunder?
The fact of the matter is I was just very comfortable in talking about whatever I was discussing at the time.
And it just slipped out because that's the way most people talk.
Then it goes on to say in the grand scheme of things, it was a laughable offense,
despite the fact that he airs in the middle of the day, it's hard to believe that there are any children listening.
Kids would be poured to distraction by the content, whatever that means.
You think kids would be, we've got 65,000 kids out there listening to this poll.
Do we?
Yeah.
12-year-old girls, we got 422 million 12-year-old girls according to the survey.
Tom goes on to say, however, there are people who make it their lives work to monitor programs like those of Rogers and Howard Stern.
Nobody's name might hear though, so they can tattle to the principal, the Federal Communications Commission, whenever anything offends their rigid sensibilities.
These self-appointed guardians of morality really should consider whether they want to persist in such activities.
One of these days, they could produce the opposite effect of the one they're seeking.
Oh, and I got to do the break, and I'll finish this up.
How did I get so far behind here?
Just so that double right, just chatting.
Just chatting away, just talking about that the rumor experience.
Call up rumor, all his good friends down here and tell him, Neil's pissed off and he's not going to dinner with you tonight or any other time in the future.
I'm not. I'm done.
Done.
Bye.
Like, you know, like Mickey says to Eisner, done.
I'm done.
What in the world?
26 past, you know something, when we got to that deli and walked inside that little shoebox place, I should have said, what the hell are you doing to me?
You're killing me.
I'm not I'm not exaggerating man. This place was the size, you know, the two rooms that you guys are sitting in the control room in the studio.
That's that was the size of this restaurant kitchen included.
I don't know. I mean, there was a kitchen. The kitchen was behind it counter where they were slicing the meat.
That was my Auschwitz experience.
I think that everybody, even the goam once in your life will have an Auschwitz experience.
That was mine. In fact, the sign on the place, as soon as the Auschwitz deli.
Even the food at Auschwitz was probably better than it was in this joint on Saturday.
And certainly the ambiance, believe me, had to be better.
And I think of certain people in that place eating at the Rascal House, all at least it's big anyway.
927 at 560 WQM, if your carpets are a mess, if your furniture, your poultry is really in bad shape, do yourself a humongous favor and call the best people in the world of dry concepts.
Once you call these folks, I'm confident you'd never dream of calling anybody else or using any other method to get those carpets looking brand new because they're the best in the world.
It's that simple. I've been using them in my house for over well, not well over 20 years.
Everybody I know who's got even a half a brain uses dry concepts because you can't beat them with a stick and you can't beat their deal either.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing a job, whatever you have doing it for you.
So whether it's your expensive area, rug, your oriental rug, your carpeting, your drapes, your furniture, your poultry leather furniture, it's time for dry concepts.
And if you have problems with pet odors or mildew odors, if you're going to pest by the way, they got a crappy little dog to be immersed.
If you have a problem with pet odors or mildew odors, because by water damage, no problem dry concepts can make it all look and smell and feel just like brand new.
Dear yourself, a humongous favor, you'll be mighty glad to call these people, call them tool free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or log onto their website, dryconcepts.com. When you use dry concepts, it's the truth. You can clean today and entertain tonight.
My, my, and local, this is 4205-60.
You weigh, you weigh, yeah.
We've got back in your fire.
There's a marvelous place I know, all the wealthy people go.
It's where royalty play follow, and that's what I like about Voka.
A down where he goes on have a small, a down where they say, helpful, in every corner, as a wall.
And that's what I like about Voka.
Then 10 grand out of all the groceries spend the day in Jewish factories.
You should take these delicacies, and that's what I like about Voka.
So please excuse our added food, and our vmw's and we find pleasure indeed, and that's what I like about Voka.
We really don't care what you think. You see how a dude who doesn't stink.
There's no coffee, only Moka.
And that's what I like about Voka.
Oh, that's what I like about Voka.
Right.
I think he's doing 560 speaking of Voka.
This isn't a Palm Beach post I guess, this thing that was scratched to me.
No other rules.
It says WQA's newest egotistical personality, how are they, but it proved his skills and knowledge are limited to the past.
And to describe what's happening in front of our football field, David was hysterical when the Vikings didn't pick within a lot of time, believing they forfeited the pick.
Later when he learned the Vikings were still on the clock, he toned down his criticism wondering why Minnesota didn't trade down.
So evidently before you were telling me before the show today, there's a whole series of gaffs that Momei on Saturday.
Maybe it'd have been better off not to show up.
We will be getting a copy of those.
Really?
Many many many mistakes.
I say unlike Mr. Weaver who didn't make mistakes, the Momeister makes lots of them.
Like coming to town was the first one.
So guess what movie I saw since the psychic powers are in Vogue again?
Over the weekend it just happened to be on somebody mentioned on Friday.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
There's a lot of you cluedy of blow with Johnny Depp.
That was depressing and did it blow?
No, it was okay.
I don't think it blew.
Of course he looked as usual with that hair.
Although this was only two years ago, blow.
So by now he's going to be old I would think about like 80.
Going to be an old cocker.
Like Joe.
It was okay. Did you see it?
No I didn't.
Oh, well don't.
Okay.
I mean it was okay but not worth wasting a few hours on.
It was alright. Don't do it.
Here's somebody says Chinatown Jack Nicholson.
I got that on your got it and I'll put you in one and scare face.
In scare face I think he might just mean scar face.
I put two of them on there already.
Well you know Godfather when you come right down to it could.
Well we'll see.
I don't want to want to.
You know what can you say about that?
We'll see how many other people nominate what?
I don't care how many take off any what grease ball.
Goombas come out on a woodware.
Exactly.
So when are we getting back a little Tommy's column here?
These self-aborted guardians of morality really should consider
that whether they want to persist in such activities.
One of these days they could produce the opposite effect of the one they're seeking
since Tommy.
This would be nothing new.
Every time activists groups try to ban a book block a movie or keep a TV show off here,
they inevitably make it a bigger success than it would have been without the publicity.
It could be argued that their crusade demanded a V chips which almost nobody uses or even
knows how to use has given TV license to extend the brown boundaries of propriety.
In the case of prohibited language they're inviting a court challenge which might result
in all rules about language being struck.
Right Tommy.
Right.
Such a consequence might not be a good thing which I don't understand that I think
would be a great thing but it reflects the evolution of society.
The CBS movie Lucy airing made four reminds us that there was a time when pregnant was
verboten.
Several of the words that George Carlons infamous list of seven are now heard regularly
over the year.
I'd sure like to know which those are.
They're heard regularly over the year.
This would be one of the grounds for the elimination of language restrictions says Tommy.
Most of these words have become so commonplace in everyday life that they no longer violate
community standards.
The exploit of uttered by Rogers is one lot of people use whenever they drop or spill
something or make a mistake.
More of the point it's a word that is now heard regularly on primetime TV dramas and broadcast
networks are legal system frowns on selective enforcement so it'd be difficult for the FCC
to come down on Roger Stern or any other radio personality for something that's gone on
punished on TV programs that are available in tens of millions of homes.
You talk about making something out of nothing.
Is this incredible?
He doesn't get it.
He doesn't understand it.
The fact that somebody might blurt a word out that's not a problem.
He doesn't get it.
After next week Tommy says it'll be difficult to enforce any kind of language code on May
4th, PBS will air a production of the gin games during beloved veterans, Mary Tarramor
and Dick Van Dyke.
Some of their fans are going to be shocked to hear them out of the mother of all four
liter words not once, not twice, but several times.
PBS has always gotten the past and content that would cause problems for the networks
under the rationale that the material on public television is high-minded, not intended
to do titillators shock.
This might not, this might be true, however eventually someone's going to take the double
standard before a judge who decides to rule only on the basic fairness of how regulations
are applied.
When this happens and almost certainly won't be because a radio TV station is decided
to play chicken with the FCC or the courts, it'll be because some do good or it's
fourth the issue.
What do good or might that be little Tommy?
Oh, that's right.
We don't want to mention his name.
This man, I'm telling you, what happened to him?
Once upon a time, unless my memory is failing, which is possible when you get to be this
whole, once upon a time he used to write some pretty useful stuff.
I'm so good, but useful.
But, boy, the last two or three years, he has just crumbled like an ancient, like the
Palining Tower pizza.
Man, like the Colosseum.
You know, those ancient buildings, they have to keep like re renovating and propping
because they're all ready to fall down, right?
You know, like the Q&A building.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
Is our question today?
Not who's the best actor of all time, the best performance.
And we have to emphasize because a lot of times there are audiences little, little,
little, little, they don't listen close enough.
I think the best of, I beg your pardon, after I read the list and without interrupting
you, can.
Oops.
Punk.
See, he's all whipped up into a frenzy.
Now, he got paid direct payment, direct deposit on Friday.
I'm assuming.
Yes.
My check showed up.
He got a lot more than you like the week before.
But, you're pardon?
Because direct deposit five days earlier.
That's right.
So, he, oh, that's probably spent already on drugs, drugs and faggots.
I can't remember getting paid.
Yeah, that's right.
So, you know, easy, come easy, go.
It doesn't even feel like actually having the check.
The faggots are more expensive, too.
Tell me.
Marlon Brando and Godfather, Peter Finch and Network, Jack Nicholson in one floor over
to Kuku's nest, Al Pacino, a dog day afternoon, Tom Hanks in Philadelphia, a wide away to
Flyers, one of Game Lies, and I'll see how long that lasts.
Jack Nicholson in Chinatown and Al Pacino in Scarface, what about that Minnesota while?
Woo!
If it weren't for like one and a half seconds in that first game, blowing a lead, they'd
have a two-zip on Vancouver.
Wouldn't that be something in the Western Conference Finals, Anaheim and a Minnesota
of Vile?
That should get a big tune in audience, not give them all a credit, though.
What do you say we bring the spokesman back?
You want to bring him back, B.N.?
No.
No.
I don't, is the show going by faster, am I like on speed or something?
No, you're all full of bummed up.
It's going great.
No, it is going fast, though.
It's just, I mean, every time I get ready to do something, it's time for another goddamn
break.
So I must be doing something wrong here.
Another break already?
Oh, wait, sure, Miss Herod, don't we?
Can't ask my smacho, Druzy or Miss Grudge.
You should have seen Miss Grudge on MSNBC on Buchanan Press, which used to be one of my favorite
shows.
I'll give them a free pass on that one, you know?
Oh, but he's just making one of his infrequent TV appearances.
That goodness.
Get that silly queen off of my screen.
Get the queen off the screen.
Would that silly hat and he's going on without respawning that right-wing crap?
And about, well, you know, these networks, they've got, you expect them to be objective.
I mean, what do you want them to be?
You want them to come out for Iraq for a Sodom who's saying that's the American broadcasting
company and the national broadcasting company?
What?
So otherwise that means that they're supposed to give us a bunch of propaganda, government
spoon-fed propaganda because of the name of the network?
Boy, you talk about a Bozo, my God.
But it's the Grudge report.
And he was hyperventilating on that website over the weekend, first about that Al-Qaeda
link with Iraq, which turns out to be much to do about nothing.
And then of course about the weapons and mass destruction, which turns out to be like
probably more DDT.
Man, self-hating right-wing closet cases, man.
Do you realize how many of them there are there?
I was never really aware of that.
No, you got to explain that to me.
There's a Zinn.
I can't explain it to you.
People with a death wish, you know, it's like Jews for Hitler.
It's like the Jews devoted for Bush, the Fags devoted for Bush, and the Jew Fags devoted
for Bush.
Well, now we're really talking heavy duty.
But God, you could smell it all the way near that deli.
I'm serious.
And he's saying, I'm exaggerating.
I wish, I wish that you could see the size of that place.
When we drove up there and I looked at where we were going, after like a total of 50 minutes
of driving, it would be like, if you got in your car right now and you drove to Ohio,
to go to a stuckeys, the only difference being that stuckeys would be 10 times larger than
this place we ate on Saturday.
And probably the food would be better.
At least think I could print a pinnacle.
I mean a bad Salami sandwich and he's sitting next to me.
Isn't this great?
The only thing that was great about it is, again, he was sucking another free meal out
of me.
That was the only thing that was great.
Go away, Rimmer.
Don't go away, mad.
Drive safe on your way wherever the hell you're going.
Just goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Done.
Bye.
19-10-560 WQM with Mother's Day just around the corner.
Is that guest bed ready?
Hint, hint.
If it's sagging, lumpy or just worn out, then you need to pick up the phone and call 1-800
Macriest.
That's the number for dial amatris.
Dial amatris has the complete line of Sirta, Seely, King Corlan, Simmons to choose from.
You certainly know why I'm sleeping on something that you wouldn't, right?
No.
Well, there's no reason to put it off any longer.
Talk about our good friends at dial amatris all the time on this show because they're
the best in the world and believe me, nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel
every day than getting a great night's sleep.
Call 1-800-Macriest.
I've done it many times.
It's the easiest way to buy anything.
Dial amatris has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how
to treat their customers right.
Once you do this one time in biometrist with one call to dial amatris, you'll never waste
your time in cash going back to a showroom again.
And when you do biometrist from dial amatris, they'll set up the brand new and take away
your crappy soiled nasty old bedding for free.
That's correct.
Dial amatris sets up the new and takes away the old for free.
So this Mother's Day have mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from dial amatris.
Call 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MATTRES to smart the easiest possible way to value a great new mattress.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Dial amatris.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Look at these are funny.
I bet you've got the Tahai Yazen Ramadan.
Nope.
Go fish.
You got me my balls this Harry.
I got one of those.
All right.
Good.
All right.
I go again.
Let's see.
You got your match.
Put your match down.
All right.
Here you go.
Stand back in us.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
All right.
You have any Huda Salih, Madhah and Wash.
What's that one?
Huda Salih, Mahadi and Wash.
Is that a guy?
No, it's a girl.
It's a girl.
No, I got no girls.
I got no girls.
You got it?
You got it?
Nope.
No girls.
All right.
You got me.
I've been farting.
I got one.
You've been farting.
You got me, I eat me yours.
There you go.
I got one of them too.
You got any Amir, Hamiduwe, Hassan al-Sadi.
Who's that?
That's a girl.
That's a guy with the white hand.
I got no girls.
Do you have a mustache?
What number is it?
No, seven diamonds.
No, I got no.
You got any sheep, you strok, I watch.
Do you have a mustache?
They all have a mustache.
Even a woman.
Nope.
Don't have any of him.
Go fish.
All right.
You got any bars on?
Ibrahim Hassan.
I eat it to create the...
I do actually...
I don't know that guy.
What's he look like?
I got mustache.
Of course he does.
Say all of my staches.
Even a woman you told us that.
I'm out of here.
946 and 560 WQA.
So here's some other ones for our list.
The best all-time performance in a movie by an actor.
Rod Stiger and a pun broker.
Boy, he was great.
Rod Stiger?
Yes, he was.
He's dead.
Yeah.
Peter O'Toole, Lawrence of Arabia.
I'm reading the ones I've put down on here.
Peter O'Toole, Lawrence of Arabia.
Although he was good, he was no...
Brother O'Toole.
But Tom Cruise born on the Fourth of July.
I put it down only because somebody thanks it in.
But I...
In the movie was good.
Yeah, and he did a good job in it.
But whatever.
Robert De Niro, taxi driver.
Yeah.
And Humphrey Bogart and Casablanca.
You must remember this.
A chicken cannot never stop.
Casablanca?
I saw the cane mutiny.
Play it again, Sam.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh!
That's got to be honored, aren't it?
Right.
Bogart, cane mutiny.
Strawberry, she...
I counted him.
That was great.
He was like playing Greg Read in that movie.
I can almost take about it.
Who's the mole?
Who's the mole?
How about Dennis Hopper and Blue Velvet?
Do you want to put it on there or not?
Sure.
That was good.
No, it was not good.
I saw Blue Velvet.
I would wish that on Hitler.
His performance said it was great.
Okay.
Put it on there.
Dennis Hopper.
Okay.
Where's my bourbon?
Jim Varnie in Ernest's safe Christmas.
That's excellent.
I think that might get a lot of votes.
Only joking.
Okay.
Dennis Hopper.
I'll tell you another one that was very good.
But not in the same category.
Dennis Weaver.
In Duel.
Yeah.
That was good.
I've had to see that movie five.
I'm not putting it on it.
I mean, again, what was the all-time best performance in the movie by an actor?
Not every good performance you ever saw, which would take us the next six months.
It'll kill some good time.
What was the best all-time performance in the movie by an actor?
Try to...
Are they ever going to fish line five?
I hate to keep plugging them.
No, they're not.
They're not.
They're not.
Not for a long, long time.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Just asking.
Oh, I suggested, by the way.
Oh, let's get back to Beenaboor, who was interrupting 20 minutes ago, yes?
Ratso Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman in Midnight Cowboy.
That's a good one.
Dustin Hoffman, Midnight Cowboy.
Ratso, that was very depressing.
Oh, God.
What a morbid movie.
I do like Al Pacino the one, dog day afternoon.
Addic, huh?
Addic, oh, just that scene alone.
Right.
And of course, Frato was in there.
Oh, seriously?
Which was first?
Godfather was first, right?
Right.
Absolutely.
I can tell you the things I've smiled.
I'm like everybody said, like dumb, I'm smiles.
And I want to spin.
You tell him, Frato?
I'm dying over here.
That's right.
That's right.
I don't know.
What am I going to say now?
We got these people.
We got drop-ins from people that died a long time ago.
We got our thanks for calling lady who passed away a couple months ago.
And we got the undying over here guy who died years ago.
It's like a memorial tribute.
Right.
They live in perpetuity on this show.
And then we've got some people who are doing shows that are dying.
Okay.
But we keep them alive too.
Actually, he went up a little bit at night and then, Phil, from a 4-0 to a 4.3.
I looked that up.
And it material you finally sent me.
Right.
After the embargo was lifted.
The embargo was lifted.
Not on Cuba, but on the arbitrage.
Right here.
All right.
And it's official.
In fact, I forgot.
I forgot to play it at this morning.
Just in case anybody was out of town.
We're number one.
Give it up.
I can't wait to get those hour by hour so we can see just exactly how much we goose up the
monster who finally threw in a number there in the morning.
We think.
And you'll notice.
No, we don't think.
I mean, he's got.
He takes credit for 6 to 10, whether he should or not.
Even though he's only on 6 to 9.
And you notice that there were certain people I won't mention any names who were around the building were very dismayed.
By the fact that he'd well, because they were hoping they'd laid a gigantic egg.
So they could blow his ass back to New York or anywhere out of town.
Were you laughing about it?
You know it's true.
Yeah, huh?
Yeah, I do.
They were depressed.
They were psychotic.
Oh, you're also going to be depressed about this military team turns up negative results in weapons of mass destruction test.
A senior military team that test.
I mean, yesterday they were hyperventilating.
It was mustard gas.
It was VX.
It was turned out that it was mustard with V8 on deli sandwich.
That's what they found from that little deli in the Toronto.
I see.
Oh, it's big in a Toronto.
They're meeting with the WH today.
And they're going to convince them.
I mean, there's nothing going on here.
And the number of cases of SARS is, I mean, talk about doing everything in their power to destroy a community in a country.
And you know what the message is?
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
That's right.
Ever.
Right.
And so we got not the mere male last one because male can't figure out what planet were on much less anything else.
He's, you know, he's a goofball.
But we got some of the big shots.
Some of the big medical experts are going to talk to the folks from the WH, including that big Thompson or relation to wacky Jackie.
And he's going to convince him to get Toronto off of that list.
And you know how he's going to do it.
I want to make them an offer.
There you go.
Anyway, the mobile exploitation team Bravo took samples yesterday, which are being analyzed in the West.
But they said negative results.
No WMD.
So they keep looking and looking and looking.
And finding anything yet.
No.
Well, we'll put some stuff in.
I mean, we'll find it.
Speaking of that, but did you see the story about the bomb-like device that's hit on Palm Beach Airport for three hours?
I saw it.
See, I don't understand this story.
A suspicious bomb-like device noted by a federal screener closed Palm Beach International Airport yesterday grounding planes delaying more than a dozen outgoing flights and frustrating hundreds of flights.
And then there were other travelers who sat in their cars for more than three hours outside the airport and pouring rain.
That must have been pleasant.
The screener flagged the device in a check piece of luggage, triggering the evacuation that brought all arriving and departing flights to a halt.
The delays and cancellations rippled through air traffic system up and down the East Coast and resulted in hundreds of pastures being held aboard a dozen planes on the ground at Palm Beach, while some in bomb flights were diverted official set.
In addition, 14 departures were later canceled between 610 and 930 and a PM.
The materials noticed by the Transportation Security Administration's screener were examined by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, Bomb Squad, and were deemed as not explosive, no bombah.
The owner of the luggage was located and interviewed according to Palm Beach County Sheriff's spokeswoman Diane Carrhart, no arrest was made.
Nonetheless, Carrhart said the device seized by the Sheriff's investigators looked like a hoax device.
It wasn't a toy and is not something people would have randomly in their suitcase. Carrhart said, I do not believe it was put there maliciously.
Now, if you can explain to me those last couple of paragraphs, huh?
It looked like a hoax device. It wasn't something you'd have randomly in your suitcase, but I don't believe it was put there maliciously.
Who put it in there? The two ferry? The Easter Rabbit?
Leprecons. Little fairies must have put it in there.
Yeah, they're tricksters.
Oh my god, I don't get it.
I mean, I read this thing over and over again to see if I was missing something and while it's in a sunset, what do you expect?
They print Tommy Jikas column to Tommy. I know your intentions were good. He's probably swearing and muttering right now.
I try to write something to, you know, to protect him and defensive and deposit.
Oh, you didn't.
Oh, you didn't. You wrote something stupid.
In fact, the idea that all the stuff that's going on in last year that he's vanished from the local radio and TV scene,
that he hasn't written anything about, including all the kind of leads of business and the most stuff.
And all the, I forget just about us, all the other radio and TV stations in the market.
And now this is the best he can do is because I slipped out Schmidt on the air.
What are we talking about here, Tommy? I think Schmidt might be your middle name lately.
You think it's because he's been busy talking all them gamblers on the 80K show every now and then?
He's stupid.
Would rot my mind. I'll take that.
Hey, while we got on the agenda, we got almost a clean slate.
I'll have a Marlon game that I damn it late.
Maydog at one, Hank from Shul is a tree.
The big 79 tonight, Marlon's on record nine and the Marlon's at Arizona at 935,
80K following baseball in the wee hours in Mark.
Now what is that? Mark Eisenberg overnight is Joe on vacation.
Must be.
Oh, cruise.
I think it's a silent cruise that they never took last time.
He's on a cruise.
Yep. Is that man nuts?
Yes.
God, listen, I'm not giving people any more advice.
Do whatever you like. Go on a cruise.
Have a horrible time and you will just hope that the ship doesn't catch on fire.
That your girlfriend or wife doesn't get raped or both.
And that everything turns out just punky doory.
Now what that'll happen?
Oh, you know who I screwed me here?
I give up.
Our good close, my good close personal friend.
Skippy. Oh, there it is.
Well, not because he had me faxed that copy.
And I had my horrible pile neatly down here.
Hey, Skippy, you're okay, man.
You have a squeaky voice and you're like a little twerp, but they stay the hell out of there.
Christopher Walken and Deer Hunter.
Yeah.
I mean, I like Christopher Walken.
It was a really good movie, but it ain't no Godfather.
We're not asking whether it's a Godfather.
Oh, see now you're going way off the deep end too.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
Yeah.
Not what was the best movie.
Oh, I'm just saying it wasn't the best.
Okay.
James Mason in Lolita, Nevercy.
I did.
And no.
In fact, they were going to pick James Mason.
James Mason was great in a star's born with Judy Garland.
Never saw that.
You never saw that?
No, Judy Garland.
And that was a great movie.
You know what your problem is?
See every time I mention Wizard of Oz, you start thinking,
Oh, I snore.
Okay, we're not talking about the song of the South.
Okay, you got all your cartoons mixed up.
And then it says, Adam Stanyans in Schubert.
Okay.
In case pasteries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too.
Take mom or the whole gang any time for a fantastic feast
to the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
In sunrise, they're pine on a lot of 44th.
Colin Savano just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach.
And if the intercessionist, Lomingo and Pembroke Roads and Pembroke Pines,
they accept reservations.
Take out and delivery are available to a The Emerald Coast by calling 954-5723822.
954-5723822.
This ain't some little out of the way joint like that Delia was telling you about.
This is a real feast of a lifetime.
The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
We're supporting you 56th, UAM.
Well let me tell you something like Rob McFran,
local brushes, leafs, suit, and fishes.
Let's go and get some.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's round on queer street.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
Hates is cold and pets is monkey.
Women clothes make it look real funky.
He has a whiz whiz and knows what to do.
He wants me and me.
Don't you?
Okay.
He lives on queer street.
Here at the door were all the creatures.
I wonder what they're doing.
He says like just fine.
You know, do you think like I know you?
He is on queer street right now.
Linger's round on queer street.
He has a house and a home garden.
10 out of 560s.
Most showed us as to the world on Saturday.
Many mistakes.
That seems to be what everybody in town is.
That was the last supper.
That was the last gathering for me.
Have a great life.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
Maybe I can help.
You're out.
This article here, MSNBC's Banfield.
She is one of my favorite people.
The article is sensational.
I'm thinking around 11 o'clock.
We'll put the poll up so people can vote on it.
I don't like putting up too early.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
They want to change their mind.
Robert Teneuro and Tancy Driver,
Humphrey Bogart and Casablanca,
Humphrey Bogart and Nakina and Mutiny,
Dennis Hopper and Blue Velvet,
Seattle like Santa because I start thinking about Bobby Vinton.
She wore blue...
Bobby Vinton, man, the Polish Prince.
When she loved to go through your life being known as the Polish Prince.
Yeah.
Dustin Hoffman in Midnight Cowboy and Russell Crowe,
a beautiful mind.
I didn't see that.
Aside.
Recently, it's a matter of fact.
And very good.
Very good.
Very good performance.
Yep.
I was surprised because I don't like either of them.
Oh, you saw two Beener Boy?
Yes, sir.
And very good.
Very good performance.
Exactly with George Sett.
You know who I'm going to vote for, obviously.
I know what I'm going to vote for.
Okay.
Probably the same thing.
Now, what about Robert Duval?
Can we put him?
He was in...
See, he was never the lead actor in most of these movies.
He was always like, you know...
Right.
Just another character.
Another peasant of Anthus.
And somebody faxed the Apostle.
He probably got that already.
The Apostle?
Him where he was the lead.
That was the movie where he played the preacher, right?
Yeah, I never saw it.
Oh, how about Dustin Hoffman in Rainman?
Yep.
Excellent.
Definitely, definitely.
K-Mart sucks.
Oh.
I guess that's what they figured out there by me,
by the sawgrass.
K-Mart sucks.
That's why they went out of business.
Dustin Hoffman in Rainman, we got that.
Oh, there's so many of them, you know.
This is great.
We can do this for months.
Let's do this little about till August.
Tony Perkins in Psycho.
That was good.
Sure was.
We got to put her down.
I mean, him down on there.
How about some of the Hitchcock movies?
You know what I saw the other days?
Because in movies I saw on the TV over the weekend.
Just channel surfing.
Why is it that I get so many better movies on my digital cable here
than they're down there?
Just keep rubbing it in.
Huh?
Strangers on the train.
Never saw it.
It was probably Granger...
Don't.
Okay.
It was a week.
It was a week.
Alfred Hitchcock movie.
Fr. Granger, good actor.
But it was lame.
Really lame.
Bad ending.
Woody Allen Annie Hall.
I don't like that movie, but he wasn't acting like anything except himself.
Oh, in that case, forget about it.
I wouldn't watch a movie with Woody Allen in it.
I would just...
Oh, Gene Hackman in the French collection.
The freedom collection.
How could we forget that?
How much in happened in the conversation?
Do you remember that?
Yep.
But I think...
The hundredth commercial.
Conversation was good where he was doing a wiretapping.
Gene Hackman in French collection.
You're writing all these down there?
Okay.
Well, these are...
I shouldn't have planned so much work on a Monday.
A lot of facts is coming in.
Robert Duval on the Apostle now.
I mean, if I was going to pick a movie that he's starting,
and I'd pick the great Santini.
And I wouldn't put that on there,
because that was not his best acting performance.
He was great in the Godfather.
He was great in Network.
He was great in Apocalypse No.
Brief as it was.
Right.
And he's a great actor.
Uh, George C. Scott in Patton.
Okay.
Anything so?
Sure.
Let's talk about Trish Van Der Vier.
What about her?
Remember when he went through that phase when he married her,
and he was like, every...
I know, like Hollywood squares.
And she always had to be right there.
They were like, joined at the hip.
Trish Van Der Vier.
My wife, Trish Van Der Vier, he's, uh, I don't know.
He was the animal movie.
He was really great in hospital.
Right.
Boy, I forgot all about that movie.
Oh, was that a great movie or what?
That was another petty chance, Keith.
But we can't put them all down.
Malcolm McDowell and Clark were orange.
He was...
That was great, but I don't know.
I don't think so.
You?
No, I don't know.
I mean, was it his best work?
Probably.
That doesn't mean that it was the best all-time performance.
Kevin Spacey, usual suspects.
He's done better.
Then, then, then, so Washington training day.
Oh, Tony, Anthony Hopkins, Silenced the Lams.
We have to put him on there.
That would be the one.
Oh, God.
Okay, so we can do this to what?
Tell about another two and a half years.
At least.
Sounds good tonight.
I hate this number.
With an ice-kian, Anthony, and Fava Beans.
In fact, I think that's what they must have had with my sandwich there.
But that would have been extra.
The belly on Saturday.
Fava Beans, huh?
Oh.
Wow.
Hey, Tom.
Whatever that word was that I blurted out last week,
that applies to the experience on Saturday at that Delhi.
The whole rumor experience.
Bye-bye, Jeff.
Feral.
Kids.
Have a nice life.
Good luck to you.
10-13 at 5-60 WDQM.
The little Skippy was in it this morning with some good news.
And that is that the old-eumid people ship me some more of that good stuff for my blood pressure.
I've been popped in my post-religiously.
My pressure is sensational.
Oli and spite of all the stuff going on there with the net building, all the psychosis.
Oliumid, soft gels, contain the finest olive oil that money can buy.
And they combine it with all kinds of other good stuff to help your health.
No matter what you need, there are 14 different old-eumid formulas to choose from.
Each one combining the finest olive oil on a planet with vitamins, minerals, and herbals
to support specific health needs from your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system, and lots more.
Now there are three brand new Oliumid formulas waiting on you.
There's one to help you sleep.
One to help you control your weight.
And cell Q10, which is coq10 for your heart.
One of the most important things you can ever pop in your mouth.
You'll find Oliumid all over town because more and more people are buying it now.
Publix, encouraged Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Diverals, and Setonos.
You can also order Oliumid online if you like it.
Oliumidamerica.com.
If you want any more information about what their products can do for you and where you stick them, call 1-866 Oliumid.
Although don't stand up real quick, they could fall out.
1-866-653633.
Thanks again, Skippy Utabas.
Get Oliumid today and start popping in your push for better health.
I am Oliumid.
This is sports radio by 60.
You way, yeah.
When I'm a superstitious man,
and I'm someone lucky accident to be following me, if you should get shot on the head by a place after.
Or they should hang themselves on his jail cell.
Or if he start a bulk of lightning.
Then I'm going to bring some of the people in this room.
And then I'd enough to give.
You're taking a scary person.
Woooow!
I'm one of the others on my team.
My team might be better than his pride.
Hover is Hover.
It's burning right through my roll.
Yeah!
Push, push, push, push.
Why would you stand by a guy free of the Maya?
If he'd please display me, I'd go low and swim to go.
The explosion's burning twopper.
Thanks to the truck's real dislike button.
It's like the fact that a guy's burning must.
Just a bunch of puns of burning must.
I'm a bunch of puns of burning must.
I'm a bunch of burning must.
Woooow!
10.19.560 WQM Happy Monday to him.
What a beautiful day today.
Sonny and 75 in TO.
Oh man, low humidity 46%.
What's not to like, right?
Sorry.
Ain't no problem here, baby.
Everything is A-OK.
Do you son of a bitch?
Charlton has to attend commandments.
Since his I'll never forget when he held up the two stone tablets and told the Jews
they could only pry them away from his cool dead hand.
That's how everybody knows.
Oh, that's great.
By the way, we were talking about Chuck Hesse in this morning before the show.
This factur must have psychic powers.
Saw him doing his NRA resignation as the heavy and our he can barely walk.
He's like an on-way out.
Big time.
Not that we wish him any ill.
You son of a bitch.
But we do.
By the way, Carlos, time to go in there and kick George out.
Committed a cardinal sin.
Not even 10-30 this morning.
Committed a cardinal sin.
Uh oh.
Sent me a facts from Tim Pots.
I did.
Yeah, you did.
Oh no.
With some bad, bad actor suggestions on our bad ones.
One of which is already on there.
Don't ever send me another facts from that goofball again.
Get a life, Tim.
OK.
Get a girlfriend.
Get a boyfriend.
Get a pet.
Get a rattlesnake.
Now this one here, I don't have any idea who this is.
Robert Shaw in jaws.
You son of a jaz.
I did see does that.
I know who Robert Shaw is.
In fact, the salty dog, the ship captain, I think.
The salty dog.
I thought Richard.
I thought Richard Drifus was in jaws.
Yeah, he was.
And then what's the other guy that played the washider?
Roy Shider.
Robert was the other guy on the boat.
There were three of them out of here.
That was a corn bomb.
It was OK.
It was a scary, a scary.
But no.
They sang sailing songs.
Yeah, there's some pretty interesting people on that boat.
But that's beside the point.
See, that's what I remember about it.
That's me.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm not sorry.
That's me.
I'm very happy about it.
There's some real, real interesting working people on that boat.
Some of them didn't come back alive though.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
The last one I had there was Anthony Hopkins.
I know it's the lands.
OK?
Yep.
Because I want to make sure we're on the same page here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
We got our growing list here.
Marlon Brando and the Godfather.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Peter Finch in Network.
You'll see.
He's not going to get hardly any votes, Peter Finch,
which really pisses me off.
I'm as mad as hell, but I'm not going to take this anymore.
Oh!
And then shortly afterward, he was on his way to a thing where they were going to like honor him.
And he died.
And a heart attack and croaked.
Just when he was finally getting recognition outside of the UK.
Jack Nicholson, Cucko's Nest, Al Pacino, Dog Day afternoon.
Tom Hankson, Philadelphia, Jack Nicholson in Chinatown.
Al Pacino's Scarface, Rod Stagger, the Pondbroker.
Peter O'Toole, Lawrence of Arabia.
I still think you're Rod Stagger in the heat of the night.
I agree.
Well, let's put that on there.
I mean, since there are other people who are getting more than one,
why not give it to old Rod Stagger?
In the heat of the night, and he said,
I ain't no Archie Bunker either.
Why did Carol or Connor do that?
I want a horrible way to go out.
That was such a bad, bad show.
Peter O'Toole, Lawrence of Arabia.
Tom Cruiseborne on the 4th of July.
Robert De Niro, Taxi Driver.
Humphrey Bogart, Casablanca.
Humphrey Bogart, Cammie Uni.
Dennis Hopper, Blue Velvet.
Dennis Dustin, Hoppin Midnight Cowboy.
Russell Crowe, Beautiful Mind.
Dustin Hoffman, Rain Man, Tony Perkins,
and Psycho Jean Heckman, French Connection.
George C. Scott, and Patton.
Anthony Hopkins, Adam Slams, Rod Stagger, the heat of the night.
And the winner is...
Oh, that's right.
They don't say that.
And the Oscar goes to...
Right.
They don't say in the winner, is they more?
Because that implies if there's a winner, there must be losers.
I mean, talk about childish.
Talk about a bunch of fragile egos.
Now, we can't say the winner is...
And the Oscar goes to...
The Emmy goes to...
The little statue, little Chachki goes to...
Because we certainly don't want to suggest that anybody's a loser.
W-Q-I-M.
Oh, see, there's a loser right there.
Ask for it, you got it.
W-Q-I-M.
Wattzo Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman, Midnight Cowboy.
Got it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Vina Boya nominated that one.
Did I just get through reading the list?
I thought you did.
Well, that's okay.
He's busy.
He's in a car, obviously.
And he's on the phone.
He's probably on the way to that little deli up here.
I don't think I did justice to that, Stewart.
I really did.
No, you did a better job out before the show.
Yeah, well, I wasted all the good material on you before the show.
And then, once I got on, I was on a steam on it.
It was just such a horrendous experience after this big build-up.
I mean, it reminds me of years ago when I was working at WBTA in Batavia.
Batavia, New York.
And I had a good friend who had a record store in Batavia.
And he decided that we went to a Bill's game in Buffalo.
And after the game, he says, I'm going to take you to this great restaurant
and just phenomenal.
Okay?
And again, another long drive in the middle of nowhere.
And we go to this place in a house that looked like it was...
I don't like...
I look like that Bates motel to be honest with him.
Okay?
And I think the cuisine was about the same.
But we go in and there's no menu.
Do you want chicken, beef or fish?
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
It's a place with no menu.
Do you want the chicken, the beef or the fish?
And needless to say...
The beef I had wasn't the last beef about that place.
I mean, it was from a hunger.
I don't know what kind of animals they had running around the basement
and said they were shooting to make supper.
Wow.
What a experience.
Robert De Niro and Raging Bull.
Better put it on there.
It'll get some folks, even though that's a horrible movie.
It's just an awful movie.
What about... what's his name?
Good fellas.
It's Joe Pesci.
There could be several people in there.
Really?
Ray Leoto would have had the completion.
Ray Leoto who played Johnny Depp's father in blow.
It was okay.
It was a movie that killed an hour and a half.
That's about all I could say for it.
That was a true story.
If you like stories that are true stories, yeah.
Like Donnie Brasco, which you still need to see.
I haven't seen that yet.
And what's the other one, the born connection with Mad Damon?
Tony Hopkins in magic with Anne Margaret.
What is that?
I saw it 100 years ago.
It was magic with Anne Margaret and Tony Hopkins.
It was about the dummy.
Remember the dummy was alive.
They made fun of it a whole bunch of times after that.
No, I remember pin.
That was also about a dummy that the guy thought was alive.
Did you see pin?
No.
How about pinhead?
Yeah.
Or pin prick.
Oh, sorry, Tom.
I saw one of those this morning.
Robert DeNiro, raging bull.
We got that on her.
Anthony, I'm not putting Anthony Hopkins on.
He's already got this psycho.
That's enough for him.
And Robin Williams in the Fisher King.
How about Robin Williams in Good Morning Vietnam?
Okay.
No.
Better than the Fisher King anyway.
Yeah, okay.
We won't put Robin Williams under the law.
He's like I said, good stand up.
That would be like giving him the award for that movie I just saw with Mad Damon.
What was the movie?
You have a credible Mr.
No, not talented Mr. Ripley.
The one I just got through seeing the other day I was talking about with.
What?
Good will hunting.
Good will hunting.
Don't waste your time.
Unless you really want to see Mad Damon real bad.
Believe me.
Yeah.
It was a little bit of badwill.
It was alright.
Another one killing hour and a half.
1027 at 560 WQM.
If you're in a really horseball job, man, I'm sorry.
A really crappy job.
Gotta be really careful.
Now, how about another column?
Do yourself a big favor.
Get out of your dead end job and call fast train.
Get yourself some training for a brand new high-paying computer career.
When you got some skills, man, is the sky's the limit.
How much cash you can make.
Look at Beenerboy there, man.
He is on his way to the top.
Call 1-866 fast train.
toll free 1-866 fast train.
They offer you a convenient day evening weekend classes.
You can check them out on the web at fastrain.com.
And because they're all over town now, there's about to be a fast train location nearby where you live.
So it'll be a piece of cake to fit into your schedule to be going there over and over again.
And just for sure, at months, you can have a real career.
Fast trains got locations in Miami, Kindle, Pember of Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
So the Augusta said there's about to be one near you.
And now is the time to get out of your dead end job.
Say goodbye to that schmuck of a bossier and get you a real income.
Register at fastrain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Wave it in the breeze if you dare.
Pick up that phone call fast train today and be sure and tell him that old Todd Dreck.
Mr. Do Nothing, tourney to call 1-866 fast train.
Line by and local.
Here's sports radio 560s.
You a-m.
Son of a bitch.
I do wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish you wish
your hands all my hands all my felons are points balls ball ball of joy and all my arms
our friends fingers ready to show our hearts it was one of three of nine
I'm at a living looking bad way
Who are dealing with the way they dress the colors
It's as if they sleep through baby skirts and go go go
Now no one really wants to play our record
I'm a shana ha la la ha
Jamie Cole ha lello
Oi!
I'm going to go out to a nice long seven hour lunch
5-6
I'm thinking this thing we're doing today
This is going to take a couple of days anyway
Don't you think? Yeah
And then we can do a couple of days on the actresses
Okay, don't you think?
And then a couple days on the neuters
Yeah, the ones that we can't figure out
What they are
Like Moe Howard-Davidid
Lawyers concludes church leaders
You Southwest Florida as a dumping ground
This story somebody sent us from the Naples Daily News
Today's paper no less
Like other spiritual leaders across the country
Bishop John Tane Nivens
We turned from a landmark meeting in Dallas last summer
Vowling to read all the way word priest from the ranks of Southwest Florida's
Roman Catholic parishes
The bishops have promised to deal decisively with members of the clergy who sexually abused miners
He said the Catholic faithful must be assured of the church's commitment to protecting those
All those who entrusted to our care
To ensuring that no one who has abused the child in the past
Pres. Nafiuches committed to continue in the ministry
But 17 years earlier
Nivens agreed to accept the Kentucky priest
Who we likely knew had admitted to molesting a 15-year-old boy to lead a lead
A lead-counter congregation encroached documents released in a series of lawsuits filed in Louisville
Diocese of Venice Record showed that the Reverend Thomas Peake Criah, who is now 60, served at St. Andrew's
Catholic Church in Cape Coral from July 85 through June 86, followed by a six-month
St. Raphael Catholic Church in Anglewood
The Venice Diocese oversees more than 50 churches in Coddier, Lee, Charlotte, Sarasota, and St.
Sixth of the counties in southwest Florida
Three years before Criah was sent to Lee County, reached a confidential settlement that paid 20 grand of the 15-year-olds family
The art to use Diocese of Louisville's acknowledge that same victim, along with four others, is now suing Criah on sexual abuse charges
Spanning from 83 to 97
The disclosure is prompted calls for the Louisville Archbishop's resignation
My main concern about present and future problems discussed by the bishops is the much needed documentation for personnel files
On any treatment that was offered accepted in complete on behalf of individual priest Nebens wrote
If Thomas Criah received treatment would it be possible to have a statement for our files
It would benefit us to have supporting evidence regarding the emotional health of any priest who's been charged to recuse a bit more
The bottom line to this story is that every time a priest was involved with Hanky Panky with minors
Especially in South Florida on the East Coast, what they would do is they would chip them off to the US coast
Or nobody cares
It says Tom Zelman, a naples attorney representing a former St. Anne student who was charged one of the priest with abuse, said his work on a case is led to a troubling conclusion
Catholic leaders in Miami use Southwest Florida as a dumping ground sending their troubled priest to the other side of the state before the diocese's event was created in 1984
This is the end of the road he said if you could make it somewhere else you could go here
This is the end of the road
Boy my feelings exactly man Southwest Florida and then the rest of it as well the end of the road man
End of the line bottom of the barrel the dregs
Dregs with a K
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line
WQ I am
By providing clients legal representation and with significant savings in the form of closing costs and interest rate reduction
Maybe this is something good
It never is though, yeah, that's a problem maybe it would be something really might listen
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon line WQ I am
Any or any doing okay sir
How about Morgan Freeman 7
That was the best all-time performance by an actor
Or Val Kilmer in tombstone
No, how about the Brad Pitt in 7 huh?
What's in the box?
What's in the box?
And you know something he even looked that good anymore Brad Pitt
He's looking pretty nasty these days
Even the lovely Brad Pitt is getting old and ugly okay all you guys out there feel better about yourselves
Even Brad Pitt is looking oldy and moldy with that curly cube penis of his
5 6 7 0 5 oh sorry Tom Tom dick is down he's taking notes
It's pound 5 60 on the 18 T and T and Verizon world is not what
It's just so typical of soft floor to so juvenile so soft for more he misses the big stories
And then he takes one little slip of the tongue and makes a whole story about it
And he's too much of a pussy to even mention a person in their by name that he's talking about
What's the point Tom? What's the point?
We understand that you've been intimidated that you've been devolved the Claude
So just to crawl back and keep writing your pub pieces about the network TV shows
Oh and don't forget tomorrow night tonight that we see what's his name's ass
Welcome Tom Welling supposedly
I don't know why are we supposed to be excited about that
I don't know why am I supposed to be excited about that
I don't care about Tom Welling's ass
Isn't that what we've been asked?
Huh?
To me there's just I mean seeing somebody naked from the back
From the rear no matter who it is
I mean I could see like Britney Spears you'd like to see her naked from the rear right
Front rear side
I'm just talking about the rear right now just about the back shot
The buck shot I'll take it
But generally speaking I mean looking at the people naked from the rear just
For example yesterday we had that story on our website
US forces make your racky strip and walk naked in public
Full with pictures by the way I don't see any private parts on their thank goodness
We don't want to be putting no private parts on our website and Tom jickel read a column about it
I don't think they're all sergeants and lieutenants
Really no time for sergeants
But anyway here's it says on April 25th the newspaper
Dagbladit in Norway published photos of armed US soldiers forcing
Dagblangit forcing your racky men to walk naked through a park
On the chest of the men have been scrawed an aerobic phrase that translights his alley bava thief
A military officer states them and our thickness technique will be used again
This is a pretty good article here and of course there's no no trial
No uh, no nothing
That's the point of the story
I just decided to uh
Pick these guys up and try them immediately and do this thing
And brand them for life
Branding this crap on her chest and they're running around naked
You got pictures in there by the way those of you who are really really desperate
Which I know covers a lot of ground in this audience
There's some naked people way off in the background somewhere
Probably might even be a hanging dinging or something there
You think? Or at least they are participle
Hang in part is a dangling participle
How about the dangling conversation by Sam and a garfunk or what do you say?
Oh and not to music?
Not yet
We never did finish that one hit wonder stuff
No, I still got it though I still got it in my drawers
He still holding that for really desperate time like you know next week
Like next week
Federal Ontario Health ministers after meeting with let's see what they say
Win this fight
Thank you. Oh well I was the end of it
Tell us something good
Tell us the stars here in the Joglerfront period
Thank you very much
It's a great pleasure to be here this morning
And look forward to the minister of gold
And look at the mysterious Tony has said
The true heroes
Off the fight against stars here in the city of Toronto
Are the men and women standing behind us
Yeah yeah yeah yeah great
And let me say what a great pleasure
It has been this morning for me to be able to spend even a few more
Oh God are you boring honey
No one of nobody wants to come here
19 before 11 at 5 60 WQM
I'll tell you a place where everybody wants to go
Oh I got an announcement to make in the sunset in the morning
Little announcement
They have there I guess they're not satisfied
Just doing it in the city link and what's the other one
New times
New times
They're not satisfied with just doing that the newspaper
Not doing their own to fill up some space
Your favorite restaurant the best pizza
And when I saw
When I saw what they picked for the best pizza
Oh my God
Oh I broke out into a cold sweat when I saw them
That may have been true about 100 years ago
But the pizza loft in Broward County man is so heads and shoulders above the rest of the
Not just because it's a sponsor but they got honorable mention
But when I saw who they lost out to I thought to myself man
It must be a lot of people with glasses with fizzy stuff
And to put their teeth in when they go to dinner
He want to get you a great meal at a very reasonable price
This is the place pizza loft from some of the world's best child
Great Italian goodies big big portions everything fresh to order
And the prices are teeny and tiny
Anybody who wants a discount at the pizza loft has really got to be a cheap bastard
Pizza lofts got combinations in there so if you've never ate there before you can try a little bit of this
Sample a little bit of that they got chicken and veal seafood
Three different great kinds of pizza, calzone, super subs
And garlic rolls that are by far and away
The best in the universe
Pizza loft got two locations for you now too
The original Broward location is on university drive between Gryffin and 595 right
Beyond Pair 1 imports and Kitty Quarter the great brand new Armada look at a
Call 954 916 888 80 for takeout for delivery and catering as low as 5 bucks per person
954 916 888 80 you want the same great food the same big portions and the same
Great deals the good news is now out by me in plantation
There's a new pizza loft corner of not Hill and sunrise right beyond Walgreens
Call 954 3 8 2 1999 3 8 2 1999 the food is consistently outstanding and the price is consistently affordable at the world famous pizza loft
My and locals this is 4356 way to way
Get off this instant
Three to wake up, crazy play
Roll train 1,000 for rain
Proves like a tree had it made, 1000 when the day
Can you know who you were again?
There were no black people again
We knew we could use them and lots of people could starve again
All the guys are new we're straight
Why do you want to feed the whole?
Can you be out the world or angry?
Those were the best
436 and 560 speaking of all into family one of our great bedtime stories on a website on theoranges.com today
Haliburt and all into family is the name of a head of the story from CBS News.com
After dropping more than 28,000 bombs on Iraq the US has now begun the business of rebuilding the country
And it promises to be quite a business with at least 60 billion dollars to be spent over the next three years
The Iraqi people won't be the only ones benefiting the companies that land the biggest contracts to do the work will cash in big time
And the early winners in the sweepstakes to rebuild Iraq have one thing in common
Lots of very close friends in very high places CBS correspond and Steve Crawford ports
One is Haliburt and the Houston-based Energy Services and Construction Gide is former CEO Dick Cheney is now the VP
Even before the first shots were fired in Iraq the Pentagon had secretly secretly awarded Haliburt and subsidiary
Kellogg Brown and Root a two-year-no-bid contract to put out oil well fires and handle on the other unspecified duties involving more damage to the country's petroleum industry
Worth up to $7 billion and it goes on you can read it read it in week
How do you like that must be just a coincidence? No to thank sure of course
Although there is an article in here on ABC News also
Which you'll also read on our website pretty good one from ABC News reason for war question mark by John Cochran
White House officials say privately the 9-11 attacks changed everything
We sent a message you remember like Joey Zaza?
We sent a message that was really the purpose not all this other stuff all the other excuses
To build its case for war with Iraq the Bush administration argued that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction
But some officials now privately admit that the White House had another reason for war a global show of American power and democracy
Huh?
We're going to flex our muscle man and pick on an easy target that's got basically a no military left and we're going to show them a thing or three
Officials inside government and advisors outside told ABC News the administration emphasized the danger of Saddam's weapons
To gain the legal justification for war from the UN and distressed the danger at home to Americans
We weren't lying said one official but it was just a matter of emphasis
Okay, whatever that means
If weapons of mass destruction were not the primary reason for war what was here are the official
And here is the answer and if officials and advisors gave ABC News I'm tongue tied from this
Senior official decided that unless action was taken the Middle East would continue to be a breeding ground for terrorists
Official spirit that young Arabs angry about their lives without hope would always be looking for someone to hate
And that somebody would always be Israel and the US see we did this so they'd like us better
Oh working great in it
Mm-hmm your opinion thought the solution was to get a piece agreement between Israel and the Palestinians
But American officials felt a mid East peace agreement would only be part of the solution
And certainly wouldn't up all those billions of dollars of contracts for their good friends
Sending a message
So you can read that one also on our website in its
Uh, completion
Treat Williams as Detective Nancy L.O. in the Prince of the City and you say
I never thought
I don't think so
Tettle of Ian who the hell's Tettle of Ian?
Buffalo Bill
Yes, all of these days
Oh Tettle of Ian was Buffalo Bill I'm bored
No, that was the best acting performance by anybody in the history of the movies
I mean he was good it was the funniest uh no penis dance I ever saw in the movie
Are you ever saw Mad Dog dance uh
No, no it can't say that I have
Lawrence Olivia and Marathon man
What are you saying
Uh, not the best performance ever I mean it was a good movie but
Well, it was in Marathon man Dustin Hoffman
Dustin Hoffman that's what I thought
We know
Then this past in Josh and Chicago very depressing
Neil please do me a favor and take the pictures of the mean indeed Iraqi children off the website
No, we will not
The point is been proven no it is not
I was against the war and I'm still against the war I'm sick and tired of people romanticizing the troops
I'm sure that there are some of them joined the military because of 9-11
But the majority of them are in there to either help pay for college because their fathers and grandfathers winner
I bet that many of them are against the war in Iraq but they have a job to do and not in the business of questioning the task at hand
That can get them arrested
I'm really glad we have the military that we have
I appreciate the sacrifice the troops make to protect us all
I however you don't like to see them as to make sacrifices that are not necessarily for the better good America
Say Josh and Chicago and we will not take the pictures off the website
We will leave them up there in perpetuity how do you like that
And we're supposed to be very excited that the little kid Ali
Not chemical Ali just little Ali that had the arms blown up he's doing a lot better how do you like that
He's doing great well not great
Somehow I can't get all excited about that I mean I'm glad he's doing better but I just can't get all other excited for him
He's going to be doing just fine he's not doing as good as he used to be
No no until we decided to send him a message a bomb of love
I remember that by the monotones the bomb of love
That's a good one for both of Brian I wonder wonder who sent him to bomb alone
Could be the USA something like that
Huh? I like it you should be writing this
I could but I don't have the time okay I'm too busy taking people to me all day I don't want to understand
Sir you may think I'm joking about this but today is D-Day bye bye
Bye Rimmer bye bye
Whole family the gods of Mishbhaha keep schlepping around and schlepping around
I go to Amsterdam for the summer last year there they are hey let's go to dinner
It's like some kind of a contest how many meals can we get kneeled to buy us you know
Not third man that that's the whole deal how much food can we get him to buy us
And even feral at that awful deli there is she's throwing me a shlokha bomb but you know we haven't gone to Ruth Chris in such a long time
I said how many meals am I bought there for us at Ruth Chris which he bought once out of about 150 times we've been there
That's it the freebies are over I'm more concerned about like losing a couple of ounces in the staying alive as opposed to you know
Feeding these the shlokers who live in a much more expensive house than I do I'll say that again
Five six seven don't forget it love it a clock we'll get this a group up there got it Eric
Hey Eric he's not respawned
WQ I am
Neil yes sir hey I don't know it seems to me like with the bushmeister even before we got elected that they they had this plan going that they were going in
I rack and straighten stuff out over there right we already had that on many many times yes well it's a shame four years ago
What do we do about our country what what does that mean I mean what's what's an American to do I mean
What's an American do is right?
You're to vote a next November when I do vote but you know what I feel like I got robbed when I voted last time
So you asked me a question if you just want to scream and shout and act like some kind of an over-going and awful awful
I'm not going or we have to get rid of next November that's the answer all right well that's what we'll do okay
Thank you I'll work on it I've got my registration card I'm going to go vote 20 or 30 times
Very very depressed about that one story I told about where the hell is it I got so many bedtime stories yeah about the fags
Oh yeah I don't I don't get it I understand it I just do not understand it if you support them then they'll they'll turn around and they'll like you and they won't put you in camp
Right where where now I can't find that story probably your fault from sure maybe it's on the floor it's not on the floor
Regime change didn't have to come via war you know the strap talking about being a boy
Oh here it is here it is I got it
President puts lid on Santorum flap I have another story about the Sanversan Torum thing but this one by Julie Mason of the Houston Chronicle Washington Bureau on the Houston Chronicle newspaper
And she goes on about as governor of Texas president Bush bought the extension of hate crime laws to protect gays opposed gay marriage and wants to decline to meet with gay Republican
Sighting the potential for a political nightmare given the history a few impoliteers were surprised last week when the White House remained tight lipped for several days before defending
Pennsylvania Senator a Republican Senator Rick Santorum for his remarks comparing homosexuality to incest bigamy polygamy and adultery and that goes on later on I won't bore you the whole story is on our website
The headline is president puts a lid on Santorum flap but laid in the story on page three is one paragraph that makes me so embarrassed and ashamed to want to puked my guts out
Who asserted that they talked about reaching out to gays has been part of GOP strategy to cut into margins of traditional Democrat voting blocks which also includes blacks and Hispanics outside of the county that is
And then it says to assert an extent the effort is paid off exit polls showed bush 125% or 1.1 million votes from voters who said they were homosexual
1.1 million self-hating idiotic politically naive queens queens with a death wish
So it's not just Jews for Hitler it's fangs for annihilation same thing fangs with the so that whole business about log cabin Republicans and all these other self-hating fagots you make me sick okay you make me nauseous
I hope that Matt Dredge elopes with it with that damn blue dress with somebody else's stain on it because it sure won't be his
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 Morgan worked up for what a little bit good
I
Hope what do you do when I kill some more Jews we you back of them give me your land
Yeah, let me a towel and I'll sing you a song and I'll steal from you all that I can oh I can choose the little help from my friends
I'm bad news with a little help from my friends I can't use little help from my friends
What do I do when I blow you say wait all your love is fell afresh and long oh yes I do I hope many die by the end of it
As long as that death is not your own I can use with a little help from my friends
I'm bad news with a little help from my friends oh I can't use with a little help from my friends
Do you need any money I need somebody who care could be anybody
I do woman or kids is the bear
Would you take lands and then give up the fight oh yes I tell them this crap all the time
Could you have peace with these really my I won't stop the city land is all mine
Oh I give you the little help from my friends I'm bad news with a little help from my friends
Oh I can't rule with a little help from my friends yes I'll kill you with a little help from my friends
Praise be Allah I'll kill you too
Eric air India what's your call it's the guys that I blew up the plane oh yeah
facing the Canadian justice system if convicted are gonna go six months without pot oh man
Alex says Alex another chronic factor we just got some bad taste Gary Sinesi and Ransom never so hard
Tommy Lee Jones and the fugitive or could that be the fugitive Mel Gibson and Braveheart
Sigourney Weaver
When did the operation take place Will Smith and Ali and Pierce Bros. and his double
But that's got to be the worst list I've ever seen in my life Alex you're not good believe you're consistent man
Here's another one Lou in the Bahamas who's also got the problems Sean Connery in the hill 1965 I don't even know what that movie was
The Hill was it about Anita Hill 1972 sleuth Lawrence Olivia or Michael Kane well when you decide which one you want Lou let us know
Sleuth that was a good movie never saw it always the best movie Michael Kane was ever in what was the one he played the swish with Christopher Reeve
What was the name of that movie I forgot that was pretty good the one that I saw was now I can't think of the name of it
And then the one where he got his hand cut off in the trunk of his car oh yeah and a hand started running around killing people that was the head
Which was kind of a takeoff I'm eating up a sauce the flayed hand was in fact that's safe I was going to go to Ruth Chris that's probably what I had some flayed hand in my
We're pocket for my wallet no chance no more worth Chris not this year not for this good I love the place but no way the amazing part of it is you know that they actually
Would take a reservation for four for the four then I hope they have a wonderful time five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 we're not going to do this again tomorrow I was just I was just
Fun so whatever you got let's do with the in the pool is up I'm predicting because I see you and I both voted on air let's go let's get with it air
Come on let's go three minutes after 11 o'clock get off you dead fat lazy ass up there in Orlando okay let's go let's go
When I say to pull this up for the public at 11 o'clock that's what I mean right Carlos right God is he slow
Sure so that's the way all fat people are that's why we're fat because we don't move real quick and we're like lethargic and we're busy eating you know both hands in our push
Come on fat so let's go sweetheart WQ I am WQ I am
I'm going to go on there are two late two late use all just like Eric man slow lazy they're busy eating their
Shuffle and food and their post man when I think of what that website used to be before we looked out to find
And be the bride of that overpass it used to be an embarrassment to me WQ I am yeah hey one did he get to
To heal speaking
The ill yes I am I just wanted to know something is does your mom deny that you're her son I
Bigger part or she'd proud of you for bringing an anti-semite oh brother where did this come from
Where did this come from yeah, where does this insanity come from
Don't think I'm quite insane
Sound like it to me could have fooled me easy my psychiatrist says I'm really okay
I don't know
But I don't make fun of the Holocaust. I don't make fun. I know you certainly didn't like the restaurant
I think you were talking about let me say it again. It was like experience it out
Okay to a holocaust to the holocaust let me say this okay you're such a humor on a scale of zero get lost bitch
Okay, I'll see in sure
Hotsah hoist. How do you like that? Oh?
My god, let's ring our hands if you can't have a sense of humor about just about anything sweetheart then life ain't worth living okay Russian
We'll I would not an empty chamber. It's a bit of me
5 6 7 0 5 60 my mother is very very proud she knels okay and
She was a thing that I bought her that condo when she's living in there when free and their life is pretty damn right
General like herola and brought her a car no car payments no apartment payments. That's right. Pete ol my pretty damn good
Can't say the other way around
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and let me say it again. It was the doc. I'll experience maybe got the name wrong
It wasn't the Auschwitz Delhi was the doc. I'll tell you let's come over ring to it
It was a grotesque a horrendous experience
Let me tell you right now that the people if they would have just let them out of camp they wouldn't have eaten there
This is fat. I'm I'm Tonya. They would not have touched the food in that place. They would have gone in there
They wouldn't have darkened that door stop making fun of the holocaust. I'm not making part of the holocaust
I'm making for this rumor and his damn choice and restaurants. Okay. It was grotesque
W.A.C. Way and the chronic line nine hello
Do you have a Robert the Nero Raking bowl? Yes, because what did he ever do to you?
Hmm, what I'd say to the chronic line nine W.A.C. I am
Yes, I kneel. Yes, sir. How are you today? Okay?
This is Jim Lance I spoke to you last week. Oh, yeah. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. How can you call him again, Jim?
I just wanted to make a suggestion for a movie. I listen to your show most every day
Oh, but you didn't mention that in that long ponderous letter that you wrote to the newspaper
I know but I the suggestion I had was Matthew Broderkin Ferris Fueller's Day off
Is the greatest all-time performance by an actor? I
Loved it. I thought it was the best movie and best performance. I've ever seen in any movie
I've ever watched the best movie and the best performance
Your game
Hey, I'm not gay. That was George. That wasn't me. Don't blame me. I know who that was. Yeah
Okay, good luck. Good luck, Jim
Thank you. Have a good day and you two or not as a case maybe
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on you that the professional jubits that called before book people like her just make my skin curdle make my blood boil
Don't they
And I don't see the pull is up by the way. Do you see it on there Carlos? I do
He's working on it. That was a big list. He's says that I gave it to him an alphabetical order
So you have to go through it and see what he already had
Get out of here. You what he already had what are you talking about there?
There aren't that many on here. There's about 20 in the Amazon is things so far
Oh my god once again here it is. It's even has passed 11
We started this thing nice and early at an hour and between these two guys, but I'll be but I will but get your act together
Okay, get your act together
Sorry
No, not you. I'm talking about fat man up there in Orlando
He's probably got 16 of them goddamn breakfast sandwiches from Burger King
Those cross sandwiches with the abacon and cheese with no egg. Mm-hmm. I love them
W-Q-I-M
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, now you don't okay real quick real quick point. I have to if you could please
I'm begging you know put the isma Mickey Mouse this on your website. I have a lot of people want to hear them
And secondly, did you have any catch the Tom Broke on interview of
dumb dumb W Bush? You know, do you really think I would watch that?
No, but it was an interesting point that kind of proved everything that you've been saying was right about book
Tom Broke he was explaining how the the plans changed for the war
And when they dropped the bomb
Trying to catch from saying at the beginning of war and he said rumcell calls him and said
Mr. President the plans have changed and then he realized what he said
He said no, no, uh, well, you know, he can't change it. He said mr. President. Can we change the plan?
So he kind of caught himself saying what everybody's been saying that he's not the one in charge
Everybody else is running everybody. Anybody with a brain knows that which leaves him out right okay?
Okay, Miguel. Thank you. Let's see Sydney Paucae raising in the sun
What is that the one with the blind chick? I have no idea. I don't even have these movies they never heard of
The best acting performance in the history of the motion picture is Sydney
I if they were to say guess who's coming to dinner
Was Sydney Paucae right right sure absolutely put that on there, but they didn't say that
Raising in the sun. We'll have to wait for a second endorsement on it because I never heard of that flick needed to do
Viennese boy sure is on over her that one of the blind chick that I saw it and and it's it's good, but not the best acting job, uh, you know
By him even I'm probably not even the best acting job in that movie
I mean I looked at like that thing for the jaws
Right for the guy that played the crusty old captain on the ship. That's the best. Let me let me read this again
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? How about Dom Delewies and Faso? Okay
Then you see what huh? Yeah
That's more like it
Dom Delewies Faso that was a sensational acting job, although in his case he didn't have to act too much
Especially in the feeding friends he's seen
Huh in fact, I don't I would think any of them had to act too much in that scene to be honest with him
I got a man who knew exactly
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line WQ I am
Deal yes sir. I got the winner. Okay
Leejay Cabo all the waterfront excellent. Thank you. Thank you
Okay, I wouldn't I wouldn't say that's the winner, but after he deserves it leejay cab put it down on the waterfront
For some people say Marlon Brando on the waterfront and what about the what about from the exorcist Linda Blair
I
Realize there were a lot of special effects in it that enhanced her performance, but wouldn't she say she was sensational in that movie?
No, okay
Okay, it was a trial balloon. It was just like what the administration does. I just floated out there and as usual you punctured it
I
Know who I am I'm low-green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
Tonight on Fox lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents when Jews attack
Sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC where you can get the new GOP bucket
The GOP bucket is all white meat right wings and only 29 95 when Jews attack
1115 at 560 maybe she'll call back again. Okay, we can get her whipped up into a frenzy. She can start squeezing the bag
That old bitch. Oh, no
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
We're asking today and some of the stuff that you people are as usual on these surveys
Some of it is so ludicrous. I mean nobody's even called in Josh Hartnady with 40 days and 40 you know what I'm saying
560 560
On the 18 TNT and Verizon wireless line all these old bobbitch keys out there. Okay. Just get lost. Okay. Go out there and
Get some hummentation ready for next forum. It's a long ways away, but you can never have too many
First I'm a racist now an anti-Semite. What what's gonna be next? We're gonna start with the Cubans again
Huh
Oh, yeah, homos well that goes without saying
WDQ I am
Hello, yes sir
Is this me yes, sir sounds like me oh no
Anybody who cared of pickens well angry men
We Jay Cobb Henry Fonda jackpot
EG Marshall I mean talk about male actors my god
That is the quintessential acting performance. That was a great cast, but I mean we're asking who give the best acting performance
I went to pick but I'll give you another one who was who was overlooked in the Academy Awards and they get to
Yeah, and that was Sydney potter and raising in the sun huh
You know, I was oh my god. We blew it. We didn't nominate this guy. Gee. We forgot this right out there
So get away with a blind blind check
Uh, no raising in the sun is it's the family living in Chicago that's looking to buy a house in a white neighborhood
Never die
Lorraine handsbury
Play and it's filmed like a play on a homie in one room
I know
And then they gave it to him the following year for release of the field now this wasn't related like Terry Jackson seasons in the sun
No, no, no, no
In the sun at all Ray and handsbury play which you're the you're the second one. So I'm gonna put it on there
Okay, thanks
Sydney potter raising in the sun or as we say in South Florida prune in the sun
Now for raisin was a grape
Alprune was a plum right right
And they're not prunes anymore. They uh, they're having trouble
They were having trouble marketing them as prunes so now they're so now they're dry plums
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I wonder if you'd never miss they give you the dry five six seven oh five runs five six seven oh five sixty
There goes time jick again. He's making notes. He's marking the time 11 19 monday uh 28
Just lighting up a little bit time and stopping such a pussy while you're at it. Okay, stop being such a cowardly little lion
You think I should take line nine
WQ I am
Is this uh Neil yes sir
No, it's not Neil. Okay, it's not Neil. Sorry Neil. Just getting guide. How are you? Okay? There's two of them that
Reinfluenced me when I grew up
Steve McQueen in the Great Escape yeah, which I thought was awesome
And I know he's on there a couple of times already, but I thought Dustin Hoffman and the graduate was
Terrific too. Okay, thanks
No
Dustin Hoffman and the graduate that movie to me was highly overridden. Thank you
The only reason that it was a big deal was because it was ahead of its time and was considered like taboo
You know and bankrupt she was I love and bankrupt, but she was she was old then
Right, right. Yeah, I'm in a real old not ancient, but she was uh, and I love when she said you ate the only that was my favorite
Now actually she was better in Faso than she was in that movie no question right she was great in Faso in fact
She wrote Faso I believe and directed it that's right
I mean down dollar is good all the credit because he ate most of the food
Except for the old lady in the store who ate the one uh, remember that nah, I better not well maybe nah
Okay, I'll have one
Remember that part is okay. I'll have one and then to see when he went to the doctor the dying doctor
Tony's look oh
That was phenomenal do not eat grapes do not eat fish do not eat pizza do not that wrinkle up old talking about a prune the wrinkle up old nurse
She was the best
Lasagna for you kale for me with chicken
Boyle chicken boiled chicken wow
WQ I am
Good morning. How are you pretty good? This is Terry Sawchuck. I have a great uh movie. Yeah
It's John Favolta in Greece. Oh my god. That was just on the other day here. I love that movie
You love John Favolta, huh? Yeah, excellent. I'll say hi to Tim Horton for us. Thank you. Okay. Thanks, Terry
Terry Sawchuck called from the other side
Maybe Bill Barilco is gonna be calling the next hour
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 are we gonna put that down? I don't think so
We shouldn't put too many of them down. Well, I mean we can put down a thousand of them
But then of course, Eric will really get bent out of shape and old pork them because uh, you know
It's an awful lot of work for a fact got for him up there. Plus he's so damn busy
He's got conference calls. He's got a thousand other clients
He's getting pissed off because Carlos embarrassed him by upgrading our website so brilliantly isn't the upset Carla
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? We're gonna do actresses tomorrow
You got it? Yeah, you know who I'm thinking up for actress right off the bat. Who?
Are you starting with Eric again you two you're not fooling me. I don't need I don't need no webcam. I don't need to be there
I'm like a little fly in the wall from 1200 miles away
I was starting to say before you went in rather one of your spastic
Attacks I was about to say Betty Davis in whatever happened to baby Jane. Okay. I've shown Crawford would be good
But I thought I thought that Davis was better end didn't you yeah?
I don't know the big fan of hers, but that was a good performance
That's not the question. I'm the biggest fan. So we're gonna see we've done that. Who's your favorite actor?
Who's your favorite actress? Who's the best? We're asking the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor
Even if he despises them. He would say I'm like poison never liked her, but that was a great idea like Betty Davis
She yeah her face bug me. I mean I could understand some Crawford with a shoulder pads and then we'll dyke you thing her to
Yeah overrated
I
I would agree with that much you do about nothing if you don't Crawford
Daniel Day Lewis and my left foot
There's there serious that he got all kinds of uh get out of here. Are you kidding me?
If you might have wanted to ask her something from that Daniel Day Lewis and my left foot. Yeah
Oh, they're serious
Everybody
One of the most acclaimed films of our time is now the musical event of the decade
Out a story about what it means to hope a story about what it means to have
Sorry Academy Award winner Daniel Day Lewis
My left foot the musical
My left foot the musical this guy he's putting his best foot forward see there you go
You name it we got are we gonna put that on there for serious?
Uh you tell me I don't know I never saw that movie
Let's put it down or just okay humor them Daniel Day Lewis and my left foot
5670560 if you're gonna put your foot in your mouth make always make sure it's your left foot
Although that used to be that's before bush cutting. I make sure it's your right foot
The way to qa m
Hello
Yes, yeah, I like to vote. I beg your pardon. I like to vote in the poll. Go ahead
Henry Fonda the grace of wrath Henry Fonda the grapes are okay. Thanks. Don't eat too many though because
Hey, you're advanced age. What do you say Henry Fonda and the grapes of wrath?
I don't know. It was so long ago. I know I'm not putting that down and we're not putting any movie before 1800 when I put it on there
What we sure got a lot of oldie moldies out there today, you know what?
And it'll fetch the call before bitching me out of an anti-semite on this I'm that I should really croak
I should be getting drear something like that you got the gay part right
Wqa m
I don't nail yes, sir
I have a nail listen. I know pichino's on the list already. Don't be defensive. Okay. Give us your best choice here
Okay, I was absolutely riveted by his performance and the sense of a woman
But to film me won the Academy of War four. Oh my god
When he got pulled over by the the policeman while he was driving the Ferrari. Yeah, and
Immediately in that film I felt that he was without
And I thought the performance was just absolutely fantastic really
So I was wondering if you might put that on the list. No, but thanks anyway
There's one of worst movies ever saw in my life. I did like Chris O'Donnell
But that's because he kept taking his pants off
Huh?
Still haven't seen it
Don't don't please do yourself a big favor
As a matter of fact, you know that would be another good pull what movie would you recommend for people never to go see?
Oh, that's good. Huh movies that you've seen that we'll save that for Friday
Something like that one. It's movie week on the near Roger's show. Oh, why the hell not? Okay. Let's lighten it up a little bit
I got a few bedtime stories in here
Including I'm gonna read one a second time which I rarely do
Not not that much of it just a little just about 45 pages. No seriously just a little bit
Williams where your mervers pit the York Times best-selling author
Who's got two books war on Iraq and the greatest edition of silence
It's just like a page really
And I read this couple weeks ago, but this deserves being read again
I mean, it's just he just got his thumb right on it
For those people out there trying to rationalize this insanity that's going on. I'll call the American government
I just mentioned that in passing
1127 at 560 WQM have been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories
You must go to one place barbecue's galore why because of the best
Get ahead start on the barbecuing season with the perfect grill accessories all at the guaranteed lowest prices in the world
Barbecues galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable
Charcoal grill their popular three burner cook on has a generous 625 square inch cooking area and 42,000 BTU's all for a great low price
Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed real card for just
399 bucks or upgrade to the sleek black pedestal base really sharp looking for just 439 bucks
For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices. Don't forget. This is the only place
You need to be thinking about barbecues galore with two locations for you
Their implementation and university between the fountain shopping center called 954 423
1400 423 1400 and in cruel springs there at 74 85 West sample road at the corner sample in Rock Island roads
Called 954 757 66 68 757 66 68
Don't forget for the biggest selection of barbecues anywhere in the USA. It's barbecues galore
We're sports radio 560
You AM
Fuck you
Hey how the hell are you welcome the jack in the box
I'm jack can I'll be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean
I'd like a jack burger in a large fries
Sorry pal we're cleaning the grease fryer. We don't have any french fries today
Okay, uh, they just give me a small order of fries please love chief. Maybe you didn't hear me
I said we don't have any
fries today. So how about something else? Okay, then just give me an order of fries
Listen up pal. Who put the straw and straw bearing? Let you do that's right nature did who put the apen apricot
Nature that's right nature did now listen carefully
Who put the freak in french fries?
There ain't no freak in french fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath there ain't no freaking french fries
Now get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your
Throw you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it
Oh
Have a nice day. He's killing a man jack Nicholson cook was nice 23 mr. Mcmurphy
Man, it was a good movie. You know, I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go out and get to you a DVD today
Okay, who's next because I got a lot of time to kill because I'm not gonna be around the apartment and I'm gonna be answering the phone
I'm just not I'm I'm done. I'm absolutely done with them. I just this whole performance of theirs here was just the beyond description
Al Pacino and Scarface 18 Marlon Granada with a godfather 18
Anthony Hopkins silenced the lands 14 George. He's got pantonine
Dustin Hoffman rainman 8 Peter Finch and Network Scott 7. Oh, right
Excellent and down from there
Now Marlon Brando we've had a couple people say on the waterfront now who do we we had leejay cover on the waterfront and at the time
Did I say to that caller we probably ought to put Marlon Brando on the waterfront. Let's do that Carlos or whoever
Got it. We got it
Uh Marlon Brando on a waterfront a survival Guinness bridge on the river. Why we done a river. Why
Got it got it
On the waterfront even Marie Saint was in there. Oh, and speaking of actresses when we do the one tomorrow with the greatest performance
By an actress of all time in any movie ever
How about Kathy Bates in misery? Oh, yeah since I was thinking that James Connie James Conn was great in the godfather
But he was no Marlon Brando being your bloody brains all over your nice side leaks. Oh, huh. He was great
Mm-hmm. You think we ought to put him in there for the godfather
Listen to it. They're being your bloody brains all over your nice side
It was great pretty dramatic. What are you gonna do? Nice college boy
Yeah, they want to get mixed up in the family business
Now you want to go down a police captain one because he slapped you in the face a little bit
Huh? What do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away?
You got to get a post like this big a big your bloody brains all over your nice side leaks soon
Come in
Ha you're taking a very personal taking a very personal. Yeah, we got to put him on her James Conn a godfather
Now he'd be okay for misery too, but I think he was much better in godfather
Huh absolutely or everybody was great in godfather there wasn't a guy's great in the Bryan song wasn't that James Conn was in Bryan song
But that was that was such a syrupy tiered your movie, huh?
That was like lasty come home or whatever that was five six it would be the June Lockhart five six seven oh five six
pound five sixty on the AT&T in Veral. Let's see
Marlon Brando on the waterfront sets a subtle performance of an overpowering character the scenes with a girl
him giving her his gum following her and
I'm just reading Claudia's facts
And of course the scene is well Carl Maldon and his brother in the car Carl Maldon a big nose
You know Carl Maldon is still alive
So I hear and he's got this illness after what they call it where your eyelids droop
Okay, I don't remember what that is but at any rate I read about me
One of the tablets and so we had to go to some specialist because he was going blind because his I couldn't keep his eyes open
Huh kind of like when you listen to Moe show you can't keep your eyes open and
And so they the doctor and puts this kind of like spring-like thing around his eyelids
So on the inside so they stay open
92 Carmel love Carmel them good actor. He was also an all fall down right. Oh, how about Brandon to will they're all fall down
I never thought you never saw that with Warren Beatty, right? How about Warren Beatty in a bugsy?
Okay, or shampoo
Also Claudia says Marlon Brando in last hangman Paris. It says oh, yeah, it was off the butter for a month
I don't know why cuz I didn't see the movie. I'll butter what were they doing?
I don't want to hear what they were doing with it cuz I'm jico right about whatever you said George did it Tom
I didn't do it. I want you to cut your fingernails off so you can shove your fingers. Oh
No
And that was one of the cleaner parts in the movie. Oh better was we don't want to hear about no no disgusting stuff like that
Because then little Tommy or right now to call about that
When it's big and little people when's little mighty bell gonna come bouncing through their two they are Wednesday this week two
They're Wednesday this week right really really you already got the word on that no
Then we get the hour by hours on this rating book that came out on Friday and one of the most psychotic days in a history of his program
Mo moved up in the world there. He had a nice book. I'm pretty sure with our assistance in that nine to ten hour
We don't know about the mad dog because that all gets lumped in there into the attend to three. I'm sure he did fine
The Humper moved up a little bit. They may move from a four to I think to before eight men
He was number three. We were number one in Mo
Moving up to number five, but you still got a way to go. I'm all lift that baby up there a little bit lift it up. Okay
And the piece too
Get I think we're gonna get dry concepts in there like dry clean is the hair pieces
Jack Nicholson cook who's not not only have any drop-ins. I played the uh
Jack in a box. We don't have any drop-ins from cook who's nest doing
Uh, nothing I can think of now. Not yet, be your boy. I just mentioned that in passing since beena boy did such a great job on a godfather one
We need a lot more godfather ones too
Right shall we go right now?
And then there was my favorite leaves a good
Technic knowledge
God
Anybody ain't seen the godfather. We're gonna like to deport you. We're gonna send you to Mexico
Beena boys making the arrangements right now as a matter of fact. Okay, so let's see. What do we got?
I'm not gonna read the whole list again the most recent ones. We jay kav on a waterfront
Paul Newman cool hand Luke somebody said Paul Newman in uh the hustler
Right what do you think? I thought his performance in cool hand Luke was way better. What do I? Okay, Ernest Borgnein and Marty
No, how about you kidding? I thought you were joking
I'm reading the list. Okay. How about mcayles navy?
All right, there you go. That's great. We packed a kilomocking bird. Oh, I get that Jewish show bitch all upset
Was a movie about anti-Semitism. She ought to watch it. Okay. I think it was about her
George C. Scott patent. We got that on there. Thank you
Check we have several on here, but anyway, it says I just took it and please tell me if he's been on there uh ramaland the lost weekend
No, that's not a year ago. Ramaland. I mean ramaland was a good actor, but that's a thousand years ago. How about fellow Legosi and Dracula?
Aha
Huh?
All right. No, I'm agreeing. Are you kidding me?
fellow Legosi and Dracula that could have been a great that could be the winner right there
Don't you read Carlos? Yes, please don't tell me you never saw that please. I'm
Unbelievable acting performance. It was a very good acting performance
Even if he never spoke even who would have been a silent movie which was 32 and it was just a few years after
Just the eyes just his eyes alone that scene where where he stares down professor about housing
These to really have to know how to act ban Helsing come
here
Remember that
And he takes he's one step forward one step back and he holds up the crucifix then and fellow Legosi
Like that
That's when he started doing that is when he started crucifix and a wolf pain. He tried to smoke it. I know this
Smoke it or shoot it
Yeah, we're gonna make a smoking wolf pain legal in Canada a couple days. Oh, then work on a real good stuff
All this bull crap with America. We can't do this and you can't do that
And this is illegal and that's illegal and everybody's got to go to jail and the audio all this to talk about concentration camps
That lady and she ought to thank me for bringing up the memory again
Because if we leave up to this administration, they're gonna be a lot of us heading off to a free summer in camp. I'll guarantee you that
lady
20 till noon at 560 wqm in the summertime are the most important things your homies out photos your pool
And if you got a crappy pool that looks dirty and stained and really maybe it's even cracking too that ain't gonna cut it
So just say no mole mess in my pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille to straighten out that mess for you
These are just a couple of pool guys that drive up and down a tool around town pool tool guys
That drive around little beat up rusty old pickup truck with a bunch of pool crap in the back
This is a real construction company real professionals look it up in the book
They use only full-time employees not subcontractors
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation in the pool business in a century
Diamond bright Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 long years their license to ensure professionals who even know their stuff
And not only they know it, but they know it so well
They train other companies internationally how to do diamond brighting right and they'll give you the same price
They give to the contractors as well. You'll find them in North Miami
Broward in Palm Beach so call Atlantic Marseille to the biggest and the best installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida
They'll come right to you with absolutely no obligation
They'll give you a free estimate. They do a super job of pool and decorative innovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too
For the best job at the Ferris price call Atlantic Marseille tool free
1-800-558-883 tell that old Neil who's who's swim that's from like a like a whale
And you I float like a beach whale and float like a butterfly call Atlantic Marseille 1-800-558-883
Don't forget diamond bright do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend
Oh
Advise it. Oh
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Ripeball Association. Let's face
Most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scare the shit out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns think about it. Need some cash?
Probably don't have enough money for beer all the convenience store
Take some chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handgun
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him. It's a simple solution to life's complex problems
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing up the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and if you consider the population control
Yes handgun then just might make it veins
Let me put you five one of you had a problem with the audio on the internet are we?
So you asking?
Not that I know anybody
No because this one of facts you said it says there in the ETA when I can listen on the internet again
I'm in Brownie Amerseption is horrible
News to us Eric listening
Erick is listening and Lin is listening you're good friend and Samuels
Because she just turned me out of a story that I got right here about the which is why I play that handgun thing
I'll get to in a second
It's signed thank you de Kennedy maybe it's Dr. James Kennedy maybe can't figure it out
Since I vote for Dustin Hoffman as Rayman or Al Pacino as devil and devil's advocate
Could you please play one of the Mickey Mouse yes, I will thank you de Kennedy thank you dr. Jim
Speaking of anti-Semitism not you factored
Anyway, this is disturbing CNN but not surprising Florida governor jab bush thank the National Rifle Association Saturday for helping elect his president
His brother president 2000
Bush the keynote speaker with the gun lobby's annual convention
Know that 48% of voters in the 2000 presidential race were gun owners based on exit polls
NRA support play the key role in several states including Florida where the vote was so close that the US Supreme Court
We know that
We're not free-active involvement. It's safe to say my brother would not be present the US younger Bush said oh another reason to despise the NRA
Say oh you they to the NRA
The governor said he and his brother both support the NRA's contention that the second amendment to the US Constitution
Which contains the right to bear arms is an individual right with few restrictions
The sound all waiting to hear this. Oh my god
Heinrich himner would be so proud of this. I'll tell you right now
You understand the destuplication of everyone
The sound of our guns is the sound of freedom said Bush to thunderous applause from the gun group
This in a country and in the state where they stole the election from the public but nevertheless
Earlier gun control advocates protested outside the Orlando Convention Center where the NRA was meeting now this must have been a meeting where uh
Charlton was a fumbling around right?
Must have been yeah
Members of the Brady campaign and the million mom march were protesting the NRA's legislative agenda
Which includes allowing a ban on certain assault weapons to expire in 2004 and giving gun makers immunity from product liability lawsuits
We believe the public does not want uzi's in AK-47s with large magazines that hold dozens of rounds back in the neighborhoods said and they're merely black
Director of the million mom march black nutt-wreck black. How do you like that?
The governor said oh that line at one line. It is chilling
The sound of our guns is the sound of freedom. I bet you the Iraqi start so too, don't you? It was operate the Iraqi freedom
Separate those stupid ones that caught in the way right and the sound of bombs must be the sound of joy and freedom. Oh
The ultimate emancipation like I told you death by elimination. I mean uh, what was it?
Emancipation by elimination whatever it is. I think I was right the first time
Here's big Arnie says is anybody said jack Nicholson in the shining here
Johnny good choice. Yeah good time already wrote it down jack Nicholson in the shining jacks already leading the way with kukus nest
31 vote
Marlon Brando with a godfather 22
Al Pacino in Scarface 21 while about the Rocky it's a Maria in k-pasa USA. I mean
He was in Scarface. Yeah, he was the way better acting job than uh, Al Pacino did. I'll tell you really. Yeah, I thought so
I thought that movie so long ago and I would never see it again. That was kampi
Yeah, it was really weak. It was kind of like godfather 3 like Pacino's performance in that movie
Maybe they should fear you
Remember that um, tada see I don't know. I mean yeah, there was a lot of bad performances near Eli Wallach
I mean he should ate the canola before they made the movie
But but the fact and so fear wow. I mean come on
And that's another one you know that actually happened right in the beginning of the movie we've been a lot better
She could have got shot while he was sitting there eating the canola get a two-for-deal
But as much criticism as that movie gets for the uh, weak dialogue
They're not enough people who are the point of the weakest parts of it
And that is the attempt to go back to the first two and bring back lines and to do it in such a corny and pathetic way
Now what was the point in that we remembered what the first two were all about recycling cheap and easy
Oh, but recycling the same lines and doing it poorly
Yeah, Michael now they will fear you maybe they ought to fear you
But um bench and then they were in a kitchen just before he goes into his diabetic stroke
And don't ever tell anybody outside the fan and the meantime
They're not talking to anybody outside the family because they're also in a kitchen. It's them. It's the gantza mishbhaha the gangster mishbhaha
Okay
Right right so what so he they just throw in a line there from the first one where he's talking to Santino about after they have the meeting there with what's his name?
Always his name I forgot
Come on. He's got a lot of salotto. Oh, so leave it to an old fart like me. I got no brain. I got Alzheimer's and I know salotto
In fact his name was Virgil salotto. How do you like that?
Ha ha
Messed with a guy like me on a godfather
You cannot talk about
Yeah
But anyways, so after that scene he tells Santino don't ever tell anybody outside the family what you're thinking
What's the matter with you? I think you're playing too much comedy without a young girl. That's what I've seen was
I think your brains are going slow. Yeah
Exactly so then they bring that line back in the kitchen just before it goes into his diabetic spas in there
Just totally out of place does make any sense
I'll tell you really bugs me as Andy Garcia
What the movie that I see him in recently he gets on my nerves and out maybe
Maybe it's because of that alien
Must be he's only ever been adequate in movies. Right. No, but I'm saying maybe that's why he bugs me
Maybe I hold that against him which I did because I thought that was I mean you talk about pandering
Unrelievable pandering well, I had a right to do it, but I just I thought it was a pathetic him and Gloria Stefan
Did we mention this on Friday? Yeah, oh, well, I forgot we had so much stress going on on Friday
And you can see always try to act like the hot tempered Cuban that always beats up on his women every movie that he has to punch out a woman
He's always playing the same always the same role just like poor poor what's his name?
Joey Zaza
He gave him a message
Ben Kingsley and sexy beast
I've seen it listed on the cable to the master rob by Russell Crowe. Well, I don't think so
I don't think so five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T line WQ I am
Hello, hello Dale. Yes, sir. How are you good? Hey, I got a question for you
Would you read the paper order? Go spend a hundred ten million dollars on the turnpike you spent just with more people to get on it no
They've got the they're gonna put the sunpasses from county line road north
They could spend a hundred and ten million on that and get more people on a road to supposed to be free
Instead of spending on education in Florida. Mm-hmm. So for my vote for the poll
Any of the bushes for a leadership role
Okay
Why five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty do anybody have any idea what he just no
WQ I am
You
Q a m. Hello
Hey, uh, see what's your work?
Steve McQueen's
Compation we're just in Hoffman
Steve McQueen and what?
Happy on oh
Papillon Papillon
Or uh, how about Paul Newman and the hustler
Okay, thanks we already got Paul Newman. We already asked about that Steve McQueen and Papillon
I agree. That's pretty good. Mm-hmm. Got it got it two owls by the way. That's right you would know
It's French. I know that
That's what I want to say. We five six seven oh French was you is in a freedom movie
As a matter of fact they do white up free don't they? There you go
Here we how can we didn't do the conversation with Gene Hackman? We didn't have French connection right?
I thought his performance in a conversation was just astonishing
I got a mind sure I did
There's a long time ago though. Oh, okay. Well, so it was Dracula. Well
But I mean everybody's seen that like a hundred times. How about lawn chanee senior and a hunchback of Notre Dame
Nobody ever saw that silent movie although personally. I like Anthony Hopkins hunchback better. No
He wasn't hairy enough in fact
Ron Jeremy could have played it if he'd have been around them. He could have would have been that rule
You notice one thing about the lawn chanee family. Harry. Yeah
Because lawn chanee junior was always in a wolfman movies. Mm-hmm very hairy family
five six seven oh five six you have all one Sally met
pound five six the only AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I'm not into hurry myself
Uh, Jack Nicholson and Kuku's nest 33 the best acting performance ever by an actor
Tomorrow we'll do actresses and on Wednesday we'll take today off
Marlon Brando and a godfather 23 so Jack Nicholson is leading by 10. I'm surprised at that, aren't you
Yeah, I'll put you to in Scarface 22 dust and hoppin rainman 19 Anthony Hopkins silence of your lambs 19
George C. Scott and patten eleven
Peter Finch and network eight
You ought to be doing lupiter net. I'll tell you right now
I
Tom Hanks. Oh wait a minute. What I passed over uh pass over Elphanet or dog the F news got eight Tom Hanks and filter
Alfie's got eight. Do you know that somebody I guess you do because you already see the facts before I get them
somebody said Tom Hanks either for fill it off your uh
What was the other one for the box of chocolate? Uh, first dumb. Yeah, first dumb
Can you believe that who could have added that and they sent the facts with the straight faces what I'm hearing
Ha ha the word on the street as they sent that facts with the straight forest dumb life is like a box of chocolate
If that's somebody a high idea of good acting man, holy cow
As the scooter would say holy cow
He's still doing the games I sure hope not
Korra get the coffee on it's the sixth inning. I'm coming home. I'm old and feeble
I sure hope he ain't doing the in fact they should change the name of the yes network to the
For the Yankee games. I don't know. Baseball to me is terminal. I mean even Georgian watches as much as he used to
Not anymore though now especially the entire games
1156 four minutes till noon at 560 W. Kim we got the mad dog. All right. I want a clock. We got the Humper
Kind of a three this afternoon from Shula State too. We got the big at seven marlin's baseball and Arizona to play the world champion diamond backs
Any K after baseball and mark Eisenberg all alone overnight
Because Joe is on a cruise. He's cruising it
Hey, why not cruise on down to Halle-Pontag GMC in South data 134 or one South Dixie highway
That's US one right across in the falls same great location. They've been notorious for about a thousand years
And talk to my good buddies Tom layman Joe creator on all the know nonsense people down there because they'll give you a great Neil deal right now
Neil deal
Number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock right now at Halle-Pontag
Neil deal number two gets yourself up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock
That is correct get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every new car truck in stock at Halle-Pontag
Right now and Neil deal number three if you're currently a GM smart lease or smart buy customer
And you'd rather show a blazer an old provoto or GMC genie buy or lease away new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra thousand dollars off the price
And while you're at Halle-Pontag Grand Prix I guarantee you be impressed
Don't forget to open every day seven days a week and howl if you want more information on a the Neil deals
I got a special line called the Neil deal hotline tool free at one tribo-late five three four forty two eleven
That's one tribo-late five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit
Approval see neither four details in Halle-Pontag GMC. They are professional grace
Why and local
We're sports radio five six East you a
You a M
Hey, I'm from Ilya now
Ross late men and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roe hey
I'm gonna eat the hour
Take I am
Hey Mickey Mouse of it Mr. Mouse
It's Michael Eisner
Michael Eisner
I'm gonna enter my phone
Sorry boss, it's not the husband
Honey Osmond, what do you want?
It's Michael Eisner sir
It's not Donnie Osmond, it's Michael Eisner
The Puts president
Oh boy, Eisner
Good morning sir, how are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal
I was looking at the range for this nightmare you had it's going through
I'm a celebrity, get me out of here
What a smashing successor
What?
It was in the toilet
It was unbelievable if you break down the
Demograph
You know what Eisner say that I'm just happy it's over
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better
The second go round, you must be on crack
We're not doing that thing again, why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around you barely missed
Toppilling the entire network
Well sir, it's already done
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done
Hang on, we must
I'm on the floor with
We must
What the hell are you doing?
I'm going to some conduit, ma
Go it quietly, we must
That's not quiet enough, we must
A blue bird stinks like an arm pit
Sir, our base sweeps will be amazing
I'm a celebrity, get me out of here too
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights
40 nights of almost celebrity, get me out of here, you're killing me
And the celebrities 10 times better
Oh my god
We've got
Hold on, we must
We must
Take the harmonica, slide it up your back and walk it up
All right
We've got Bernie Kapel
Who?
Bernie Kapel, the doctor from the loveboat
Oh for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the
Topp's Noring Spray commercial
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos
Oh my god, she's terrible
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush
Wait a minute, is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one
Oh for heaven's sake, you can't put him on there
And then
Hold on
Yes
Three months
Three months
I can't hear any of your voices
Three months I'm on the phone
Here you are, you both
Stop drilling
What are you making?
Making a new condenser, both
What's wrong with my old condenser?
It's your last game shot
My shawak, I'm shocked
It's my last game shot
Oh, you're strong
What?
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare
Well, we have a major elixir, sir
We've got Scott Bacchula
And Leonard Neemoy
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neemoy
You're at the most
Remus, I wasn't addressing you
Sorry, boss, he was following us
Oh my god
I'm surrounded by idiots
Hey, Remus, I thought I told you to put that harmonic opium butt
Sorry, I farted, boss
Oh, don't fart in the office, Remus
The poor boy is coming at me
I scared him
Provo 3 at 560 WQ Amateur
Noon to 1 hour boy
This thing has moved like lightning today, you know
Showed up
I don't know what that is
I'm not that I'm complaining
Just sometimes I feel like life is passing me by
Here's one, James Bascett played Uncle Remus in song of the South
I thought song of the South was an animated movie
Parts of it were, remember he was live
Are you kidding me? Do you know when I saw that?
I don't know
About 100 years ago
Why was this the little child?
About 400 years ago
Alex is trying to not let's not see
Here again
Here's the question on our poll today
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
Now what were the 45 best performances?
Now what were the 600 best performances?
You got it?
Got it
But these people don't get it
Because Alex now has got five more
All of the first one is pretty compelling
Ned Vady in Deliverance
Yeah
I agree
Do you?
Who was best in Deliverance?
That's the tough one
I guess you'll have to ask them guys up in the woods who was best
I think the most intense drama though came from Ned
Yeah
Welcome
He sure did
He acted like it hurt
This corn is special
Yeah
Okay, Ned Vady in Deliverance
Bert Reynolds was actually good enough
Well, the other movie Bert Reynolds was good and I was Boogie Knight too
We got two
We got two what?
For Bert
Because I agree he was that he was an offensive, unobtrusive, just fine in Boogie Knights
Now but not see, he isn't that ridiculous
Are you listed as a speeder boy?
It gets worse by the day
Unobtrusive is not the greatest acting performance you wouldn't describe as unobtrusive
I wasn't saying it deserves to be on the list
Oh, I was just saying it wasn't bad
No, there were two movies that Bert Reynolds were in that we actually enjoyed
And that's because Dom Delewies wasn't it, which I liked Dom Delewies but not with Bert Reynolds
You know, it's a little bit too cozy for me
Those smoky and abandoned movies
Oh, good, Golly Miss Molly
You think Bert would make one of those with his wig off?
Or with his wig off?
He's another guy with a real bad hair piece
Ned Vady in Deliverance, we got that on there, okay
Kirk, that was in Spartacus
Yeah
Nah, huh?
You say yes?
I love his Spartacus, so I was just acknowledging you
I mean, I like Spartacus a lot but you know, whatever
How about Tony Kruth?
You like the old one?
The game's kind of was really good in the camera but nobody saw it, we'll take your word for it
Martin Landau as Vellelagosi and Ed Wood
He was nominated
Yeah, he was great, he was phenomenal
And one of his lines was Boris Karloff couldn't eat my Schmidt
There was great that line in that
But you'd have to use a lot of them
Nah, and that's enough
You want to check your writing about you now?
Oh please, could I?
I don't think so
Check Nicholson and anything, Albert Finney and Tom Jones
It made his whole career he was offered Laura at Larrier for maybe a one-sided seven-year contract
Thank you, Tony Hollywood, you want to put Albert Finney in there and Tom Jones?
I don't know
Why not?
Okay
Come on, get with it, we're not just putting this pool isn't just what is George like, okay?
I was asking for your opinion, I don't know that
Albert Finney and Tom Jones
Let's see, here's Sean and Hollywood's got a list of his favorite 75,000 in the performances
The best acting performances by actors and actresses, and he's got a lot of always stirring roles of the biggest pictures
A few examples of tremendous supporting performances
Angela Landsbury and the Manchurian candidate
Yeah
Linda Haunt, the year of living dangerously
Nicole Williamson and ex-Caliber and J.E. Friedman and Miller's Crossing
Who has J.E. Friedman?
I don't know
Miller's Crossing is pretty interesting, right?
I thought I'd remember it as we
Anyways, is that aside, the best performance ever was actually Anthony Hopkins as the murdering ventriloquist in magic
I thought magic was the one with Anthony Apurkins
Who was what it said before?
Huh?
It's Hopkins
And we put that on there or not
You tell me, it was a million years ago, I can't remember
The Dominicans and Magic
Okay, we got it, we got you down
Thank you, Sean
Also, yes, for what it's worth
We do
The draft audio, those faux pas
Oh, you guys, let's hear it, this is the kid in the academy, we're, let's hear some of these
This is a third quarterbacks taken in the draft Kyle Baller by Baltimore
The first quarterback they have taken in draft history for the franchise
First quarterback they've taken in the first round
First quarterback they've taken period
Oh, since they've come over from Cleveland
Right
Well, that's rather startling
We have another one
Yeah, okay
The fear was traded up from number 27, number 16, Kansas City's pick
And they select safety Troy Palomaloo, a safety from USC
The second Southern California player chose it in the first round
The Trojans have not had a first round pick in the first round since I think was 1980
And I don't remember the pick, I want to say that I read something where in 1980 is the last time the Trojans had a number
That didn't make any sense to me
And they have Anthony Munoz
Anthony, yeah, Anthony Munoz, right, all the favor
Huh?
All the favor
That is, that is 1980
Because when you reflect back on the 70s, late 60s, early 70s, USC was a powerhouse and they delivered tons of number one picks
Yeah, they were the 60s and 70s University of Miami
You got it exactly right
I'm getting paladred
Yeah
You know what they reminded me of that? They reminded me of those much too long ponderous promos that we play on a station in Christy the Months video
When I show they go on for about five minutes
Yeah, let's not hear any more of those
Okay
Okay
Here's one, Gene Wilder is Dr. Frankenstein
Was that young Frankenstein?
Yeah
Marty Filman is Igor, spelled EY
That's I go word
And Peter Boyle is Frankie
What do you say, anybody from the young Frankenstein?
I love the movie, but I don't think heavy dwellers
Robert Duval in the Great Santini, I think he deserves that because he's not going to get down here in any other movie because you know
And that one where he played the preacher, I'm sorry
Get out of town
Robert Duval, the Great Santini
Got it
Got it
I'm writing, I'm writing, okay
560, 7.0560, pound 560
We got technical something to shining, right?
Since Lon Cheney was the wolf man, I believe Charles Lawton was the hunchback of Notre Dame
I think it was Lon Cheney
And the silent movies, Lon Cheney's senior was the first hunchback of Notre Dame
And then Charles Lawton also played that role
Correct
I'm not really sure which came first to chicken her the egg and in either case doesn't make any difference
No, I think it was Lon Cheney first
And Lon Cheney's junior was the wolf man, not senior
Although who the hell knows, I don't know
Okay, the list continues growing like crazy African
I'll overlook these
Tom Hals and Mdass had a nice hear too
Yeah, no
That's one of the great acting performances of all time
Nicholas Cage leaving Las Vegas
Who is he just married to for about five minutes?
Priscilla Presley
No, I'm sorry, I'm leaving Priscilla
I'm leaving Priscilla, sorry
Paul Newman, the hustler
Didn't say we've got a couple of things to do
We already got Paul Newman for a cool hand Luke, which was much better than a hustler
Brad Davis, Midnight Express, that's kind of a game movie
Yeah
I mean, not really, but that's how it would be perceived especially in the bath house
It was Turkish therefore gay
Turkish taffy
I do like Turkish taffy
But I haven't had that in a long time, man, that'll just tear your teeth out, you know
What you like Turkish taffy?
I don't know if I've ever had Turkish brand
No, but that's what they call it, you don't know what I'm talking about
I don't think so
There's another thing from my youth that they don't have anymore
Which is probably one of the reasons the dentist or pissed off
They still have saltwater taffy
No, that's not, but that's like individual pieces of candy though
Turkish taffy was like a bar
Oh, they must still make that come on
They don't have to be in a bar, I don't know if they'll fill what they call it now
Turkish taffy, you idiot
Alright, I'll run right out
And Dustin Hoffman and Steve McQueen and Pepeo
When we got Steve McQueen, Dustin Hoffman's gonna thank you for letting us know
So so far we got this list of 7,500
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor?
The best, not your 25 best
Narrow it down to 1, that's the point
I realize it's not easy, but that's the idea here
Marlon Brando and a Godfather
Peter Finch and Network, Jack Nicholson, Kukuznest, Al Pacino, Dog Day, Afternoon
Tom Hansen, Filfad Alphea, Jack Nicholson, and Chinatown
Al Pacino, Scarface, Rod Steiger, the pawnbroker
Peter O'Toole, Lawrence of Arabia
Father O'Toole, God
Tom Crew is born on the 4th of July
Robert De Niro, Taxi Driver
Humphrey Bogart, Kazablanca, Bogart, Cameutani
Dennis Hopper, Blue Velvet, Dustin Hoffman, Midnight Cowboy
Russell Crowe, Beautiful Mind, Dustin Hoffman, Brain Man
He's all over the place
Tony Perkins, Psycho, Gene Hackman, French Connection
George C. Scott Patton
Anthony Hopkins, Alan Siddolam's Rod Steiger, and the He-To-The-Night
Robert De Niro, Raging Boltzmann
Tom Delawy's Fanzo, Lee J. Cobb, on the waterfront
Paul Newman, Cool Handloof, Sydney Patey, Raising the Sun
Daniel Day Lewis, My Left Foot
Sarah Luguinis, Bridgetta River Quai, Marlon Brando, on the waterfront
James Conn, The Godfather
Lot of great people of The Godfather, but James Conn
What a pain your bloody brains will over your eyesight makes through
Was no, he was no chop liver, I'll tell you that
Bella Legosi in the Dracula, Buggmoo
Jack Nicholson, The Shining
Here is Johnny, Steve McQueen in Papillon, Ned Betty in Deliverance
One moment please
Okay, just a little something getting the right mood, Ned Betty in Deliverance
Albert Finney and Tom Jones, Anthony Hopkins in Magic, and Robert DuVal
in The Great Santini, good list so far, you know what?
In fact, we're going to start listening to the audio from all those right now
1213 at 560 WQYM
Let me tell you about a good way to lose weight, number one, stay away from the rumors
And number two, Balance for Life
Piece of cake, all you have to do is make one easy call
And I'll get you on the regular delivery system, and they'll send you the facts you
A menu, every week you get that menu, you choose two choices for each meal every day
It's your own a program, and that's it
You lose weight fast and delicious way because they give you plenty of food each day
They deliver to you right to your doorstep, a little black sack every day
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right to your doorstep
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no counter-recouting
Not even any carbohydrate counting because they do all of those things for you
And like I always tell you, there's nothing frozen, nothing artificial, no preservatives, no little tiny cans of crap
Just fresh, delicious food every single day
So if you want to lose the weight once and for all, if you're frustrated, if you try every other diet out of the sun
If you try every weight loss program that you thought was invented and couldn't do it, give Balance for Life a shot
Because it'll really do the job for you, and it's delicious too
Call them today at 9.5.4.568.3229
9.5.4.568.3229
Or if you want more information about the Balance for Life program, just check them out on that World Wide Web at BalanceForLife.com
That's my life and love
This is 4.356.5
You ain't a new way, yeah
Hey
How did Benny Davis get on our list?
Did she just have the sex change? She's dead by the way
Who's the little boy?
But, nevertheless
Well, I know my sister all my life
That is why she's now my wife
And I think my son may know it's true
He's my nephew too
Well, my daddy is my uncle Joe
My mother is my dear Aunt Chloe
It is very plain to see you my first cousin is me
Thank you
Don't say anything
The grand prize winner will be blown to Goathen Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the Kahoodawasi River
In the Huda Commodations in beautiful entry
That's easy to win
Well, that's you did drop them
I just say the rattle
Look at him
Look at him
Look at him call her every time you hear Ned Mayes
We go like a brother
We are kids
It's a deliverance weekend
So we can ball
Almost station that gives you a word
Q95
Back up
From my teen and I love in all those mobits
Or at least the ones where he's getting raped
What do you require? You know here we broke a brand on which slips it in the very
This is an excellent one
The number one ever Peter Sellers and Dr. Strangelo played three rules brilliantly
Very fitting winner in these times as well
Absolutely well, let's get that on her right away in front
Maybe we can replace Betty Davis
Now how does this happen?
See all the happier
Hi, you done it, you done it
Now let's see who's the real man here today if it's been a boy or if it's in her
Who's mistake is that? Who's bad?
That was me
Yeah, I knew it
So in other words, you think Betty Davis is a man from some angles
Yeah
Yeah, most
I guess you already got that off of there right away
Nice go see you're just trying to get Eric in trouble
That's what you're doing I want your scam
And so see even though it is on there it's on the bottom now
Yeah, Betty Davis off our actor list okay Eric you silly goose you what is wrong with you
How could he get sucked into that even though you are stupid curls?
God Jack Nicholson Cuckoo's nest 47
Marlon Brando Godfather 39
I didn't know no Godfather
But that aside
Let me say it right swear
I'm a soldier and grandchildren
And I will not be the one to break the peace we've made today
Good
Al Pacino Scarface 35
That's an overrated you're right very overrated movie
Funny in fact I'll tell you this what's his name?
Stevie Bauer yes thief of hearts which wasn't like a big smash movie right
But I thought he did it was better acting in there than in Scarface okay
You'd like to see for hearts I saw it it's just like yeah you know
I thought it was a bland
Anthony Hopkins sound of the lambs 26
You'll notice that nobody suggested for any of the other movies of that genre
I ate this liver with some frothy and a nice candy
Dustin Hoffman Rainman 23
Just once I'd like to see Greg Reed with a mask with a rubber ball as nothing
Maybe you could borrow it from from Mo
Let's see sounds the lambs were just off in Rayman 23
George East Scott patent 14 Tom Hanks fill it off you 12
Peter French Network 11 now we're talking Al Pacino Dog Day afternoon 9
Addica
Robert De Niro raging bull 8 highly overrated
I'll tell you a great movie
Yeah that had some performances on her speaking of Robert De Niro
And much much better movie and a much better performance than raging bull
Was once upon a time in America okay but most people don't have 15 hours this
Very time this is down a watch it all the way through you don't think so
Hey about the fourth or fifth time you can make it through that's how many times it took me in fact
That old Zidhead even James Woods was good in there no you don't like that I don't like it in general
Right he was there there was some pretty damn good acting performances in there and of course what's his name too
Bloom what's his little kid used to be on the soap operas I forget noodles
No not noodles now you're confused him with washing coke I just wanted to say noodles
That was your fat Sam but I get that woman all upset again I'm talking about those Jews in there
Well don't play Jews in the attic whatever you do that red I was thinking about that before
The red headed whatever noodles now what was his name Brian Bloom I'm sure okay
If he didn't have the most incredible eyes I've ever seen in my life but my eyes have seen a lot
Let's see here's one it says how about fellow Ferris or Ian McClellan in McClellan and gods and monsters
Yeah thank movie you seen it yeah
Oh god and he's done better a lot of people don't even about that movie it was weak
Here's one going on about Mo and the drafting and all the mistakes
They grow we just played a couple of them for you also best acting job it says Eric Bogosian in talk radio or maybe not
Obviously a joke right and a bad joke at that 5 6 7 0 5 60 I mean Betty Davis on a man's list oh brother
Too bad we don't have Betty Davis eyes by concurrence we probably do somewhere
Let's not play it it was okay and it's time in fact let's put that on the list too Betty Davis eyes
Well we'll start to already screw up the audience we'll start putting like music on there
We'll put a bunch of phony choices on the poll we'll get even with some of these back dudes okay that have been spent the last several years
Dicking with our poll all the time oh there's time to get busy again now WQ I am hi Neil yes sir
Yeah I got one for you that nobody's called in yet okay how about Malcolm McDowell and the clockwork orange
Yeah we somebody suggested that much earlier but I mean he was very good oh I thought he was great
Yeah well let's put it on there okay thanks thanks no why not that was your doing anyway you said nah he was a lot better and something else I did no
Malcolm McDowell a clockwork orange how about the dim oh I wish it was then and Pete and George
5 6 7 and then of course that the broadwood the belly tights in that gigantic rocking penis
That's that enormous ceramic rocking penis 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the oh he said penis again Tom jik is written another article tomorrow
Yeah Tom we finally figured how to get through to you okay yeah we finally figured how to get Tom jik's attention
There you go there's another one Tom oh boy and I don't know that but you're full of 5 6 7 0 5 6 the oh I tell you who I really love
Has nothing to do with what we're talking about today but speaking of music
What happened to me baby doing it like in what it does and please don't tell anyone that I am your cousin
I mean they're done they cut their record did their tour made their money and the hell breath what they're doing
I do like very Joe don't think please how much you the story baby can do it like Madonna and half a Latino gang bang if you want
How much of this still big in Europe and probably are releasing a whole lot of good stuff but you'll never see the video
Tell you know I heard the music either because that's the new edic by the Bush administration anybody is popular in Europe can't be popular here
Do you know that to get the message no I didn't
5 6 7 0 5 60 I'm telling you one thing I'm pretty impressed with this list there's some damn good stuff on here is the Dracula get any
Beloligos he's got 5 Beloligosi man he was so great and then this sad part about him is you want to make it all those cheesy movies in the 40s right that's why you don't worry
Right can't fight it can fight a lot of wood but not Edward
We damn fine yeah he's there making all them damn gangster movies which were so camp and so bad in fact we might even have one on the driving
Movie channel right now you know and even know it let's see oh this I would take place
I'm waiting one against the other family circles
For Shirley Jenkins a thoughtful girl just a girl at school like we have the children the disturbing conflicts have already begun
Oh
The family circles explaining how bad parenting these four children
Yeah
You know there was something about those movies from the 40s and 50s and the music and a whole thing it's just I mean real I you know was very primitive by comparison
But there just was something there that was lacking today yeah
You don't know I'm talking about doing yeah just just like watching strangers on the train that Hitchcock movie it wasn't a good movie
It was very disappointing ending but there were just all the way through it there were things that you just don't see anymore
Like for all the Granger's public because he's dead from 27 at 560 WQM with Mother's Day just around a corner is that guest bed ready yet it better be
If it's sagging lumpy or just worn out in the bed too then call my good pizons at Dalmatris Tool 3 at 1 800 macros
Dalmatris has the complete line of surdice silly King Corlan Simmons to choose from
You sure don't want mom sleeping on something you wouldn't sleep on well there's always the put it off one more minute
Dalmatris is the best in the world believe me nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than a great night sleep so call 1 800 macros like I always do
Dalmatris has got more and this is the worst piece of copy who wrote this man who about fat boys in the hospital the absolute worst
We apologize to our good friends at Dalmatris for real schmitty piece of copy just awful
Dalmatris has more repeat referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your customers right now
Guarantee like I always do once you buy a macros over the phone from Dalmatris you'll never waste your time in those showrooms again
And they'll also forget when you buy a mattress and Dalmatris they set up the new and take away the crappy old bedding for free
That's correct they set up the new and take away the crappy smelly nasty old bedding for free
So for Mother's Day had mommy sleeping like a baby on a great new bed from Dalmatris call him right now 1 800 MATTRES
And tell him that old Neil ancient Neil told you to call 1 800 MATTRES for Dalmatris for the easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep
My life and look all this is for real 560
You a new AM
If it's free it's me
I thought the good time I would be performing your hot surgery today
Now how you doctor what do you know what you say?
How are you feeling Mr David?
Like I've been into a York government party what do you think I feel like opening it
It's a simple heart battle procedure just leave it deep into the basket you won't feel it
Say I went on the fast I can't move in nothing
Look at that he's open to my chest now
Hey, by the way son, after cook the stick of his pants
And now he's what the rape in my just the time and think
Hey stop, I'm gonna do you know who I am
Oh my, did you die?
Oh my, did you die?
It was a beautiful funeral mouth even if I was the only one who showed up
You were like a fire out of me
Well looks like it's time to go to the hospital
I'm coming to do what I always wanted to do
I'm going to go to the back of the line
Why do you think you're going dancing on my grave?
No, I'm going to do it in Zedmo
Of course I'm dancing
I'm a zombie, a moron
You know what that means Mo?
I got a kill you now
And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead today?
Well, just something I never told you Mo
Yeah, what's that?
I'm building the vampire slayer
Big deal
Now I got to stand you with my rob and stand
Like yourself out of the bunker
I'm in a mord hole
See why I'm okay
The power of price compiles you
Oh, I'm fine
The power of price compiles you
The power of price compiles you
The power of price compiles you
Call 33 at 560 WQM happy and money to save it at least
Most first drafts your appearance on QM wasn't was he on it last year?
I don't know
I would assume because he started in March so like I said his second appearance on the draft show
Went over like
Hull of a in the Saudi Arabia
Not too good
Here's one of our chronic facts who says as much as I hated the movie
Tom Hanks in Castaway was phenomenal
I don't even know what that movie is
It's the one where the UPS guy gets stuck on the island
Never heard of it
I remember the castaway's hotel
Yeah
Are we putting that on there?
No
P.S. you know there were 30,000 in Evan's room all for the draft
Police it says I agree
Police get a life
Get a life
30,000 people for the draft
Jesus God and Joseph man gets serious
Then his woman says how about Robert De Niro in Awakening
Great performance, greatest performance of a retard ever
Yeah
You want to put that on here?
Yeah
Okay Awakening's Robert De Niro and I'll let's spell it right this time because he says De Niro has spelled wrong on a poll
Of course that's probably Beener Boy
You notice Eric that Beener Boy is doing a lot of things intentionally to make you look bad?
He told me he was going to stare at doing this
Like putting Betty Davis on there just to see if you'd put it on there what you did
He said you were going to say that on the air
Yeah
Just trying to make you slip up one or two more times Eric that's all it'll take and that's it
Bella Laguzzi's only got five
I don't even see Robert De Niro where the hell is it?
Oh there it is
Oh yeah who spelled that?
Come on Carlos who spelled that?
The E N I R O there's no E in Robert De Niro
Okay at least not in the second one
He must be Robert De Niro
Yeah if I did it was a type boy I know I know it need a little bit more not too much but a little bit more than that
Robert De Niro okay now he's even throwing some fake words on here on the poll
Is that in fact if you want to make any more De Niro on issue you better cut the crap
Hey Eric he's not fooling us he's just trying to make you look bad although quite frankly you had a good start
Five six seven oh five sixty
And we are not taking those pictures of those wounded and butchered up kids off of our website
Because people need a constant reminder of that's really what wars all about not just a bunch of glamorous pictures on a bulletin board an MSNBC somewhere
Oh here's our heroes of the day I mean oh
Oh my god talk about trying to sanitize and glorifying glamorize a bunch of butchery a bunch of insanity
Because we wanted to teach the world a lesson
Yeah that'll learn them
Yeah that'll teach them
Oh I gotta get to this
Oh I gotta get to a couple of things
So all you people on the phone we'll get to you or not
Dan Savage this is in New York Times on Friday this past Friday
Dan Savage is editor of the Stranger A week the newspaper probably it obviously a Fag Mag
He writes
Gay groups are trying to turn Senator Rick Santurma to the next trend lot it's not gonna work
Mr. Lot lost his post as Senate Majority Leader because he said something he wasn't supposed to
Mr. Santurma holds the number three positions Senate leadership was only repeating what many Republicans have already said
After telling me Porter that he likes homosexual is just fine provided we were framed from engaging in homosexual acts
Mr. Santurma came out and came out and supportive laws against Sautami
A right to privacy he said doesn't exist in my opinion in the US Constitution for gazed rates anybody
He then compared homosexuality to bigamy polygamy and says in a dollarity
Too much freedom allowing gazed lesbians to live openly without fear of a wreath for example is antithetical to strong healthy families he said
Homosexuality may not be as bad as man on child man on dog or whatever the case maybe he said but
At this point the reporter broke in and said I'm sorry I didn't think I was gonna talk about man on dog with a United States senator
She said it's sort of freaking me out
She wasn't the only one gay groups called for Mr. Santurma said well anti-gay groups like the family research council once headed by Gary Bauer
Rush to defend him but Mr. Santurma need more about his leadership post unlike the former majority leader
Mr. Santurma didn't slip up and say something in plain English that every good Republican knows must only be said in code
Unlike Republicans appeals to racist voters Republican appeals to homophobic voters are overt
During the 2000 campaign Alan keys appeared on the same stage as George Bush and denounced the radical homosexual agenda
That he said was destroying the American family
Candidate Bush now president Bush failed to respond even though his running mates daughter is a lesbian
But gays and lesbians are more than just sons and daughters were moms and dads too my boyfriend and I adopted the son five years ago
So his day in savage and we plan to adopt again as more same sex couple start families it's gonna be harder for Republicans like Mr. Santurma to say we are somehow a threat to the American family
As much as it made this may Mr. Santurma as defenders there really is no word other than family to describe the three people who live in my house
When it comes to marriage rights gays and lesbians are willing to play semantic games we will use awkward phrases like civil union and domestic partnership
So long as we can get what our families really need the rear the rights responsibilities and safeguards of legal marriage
But two adults who love each other and are raising children together what are we if not a family what other word is there for us?
In our culture homosexualities discussed only when it presents a problem for the armed forces for clasped gay students in high school for those who imagine gays are undermining society
Rarely is homosexuality credited with the creation of something positive and lasting desire brought my boyfriend and me together and it's simple desire that brings most couples gay or straight together
Responsibly acted on this desire is a good thing in and of itself and it can often lead to other good things like strong healthy families
Right stand savage in Fridays New York time put that in your pipe and smoke at Mr. Santurma you asshole you homophobic piece of dirt you typical bushy you bush liquor you scumbag
And those million fangs out there those log cabin Republicans man just wait until I come and take away your log
I beg the local this is my city the radio's all yours
You in
If you win, E-A-Y, S-U-C-A-S
I'm here
I make some friends with my badass sitting down watching the news
I just don't want to use my friend or the villain my own theory
I say all smiles are smuggled in all the undeads that I see like a constant friends I believe they're my friends and they really care about me
I know it's rude
Convincing too
I know that they're in the right house has the truth is of the Lord
I love my job my money's gone that's what I think
Let's fall
They came for my family
Or they didn't know the green
But I have nothing to hide so I should be alright until they come for me
Yes
I know it's true
Convincing too
I just don't want to use my friend
I've got the truth
And I make it true
Because it's sorry I'm too late
Look at their big legs
Pro 44 or 560, but I'm telling you this facts machine with these chronic factors
They're just they should get their own show
I mean a lot of them are good but my god just desperate
This chronic feel
But it would but it would but I work in my majority of people on the job are human
I was pulled into the human resources office at the end of the day
And we're not to aware the assured the chicken ought to a rack shirt
To work again two people complain I replied to Seaghyl
Talk about a humorless and tolerant bunch of assholes
Preddling their own brand of oppression
Why did they bother to leave Fidel?
Well now you're getting it Phil and I started to catch you on date County
You come at Easter come at Easter come at Easter come at Easter
Okay, whoever said there was freedom in date County anybody ever say that
Not an issue
Oh, oh, oh
Now let's get back to this thing that I wanted to read that is so damn important
Not that it's going to change the world but I just have I feel the spirit of something compels me
William Rivers Pitt a New York Times best-selling author of two books war on a rack
And the greatest edition of silence he teaches high school in Boston mass
And this is just a part of this article
A pipeline project aimed at exploiting massive natural gas reserves along the Caspian Sea and Turkmenistan was revived by the Bush administration
When it arrived in Washington in January 2001 the pipeline project would start to bring oil and natural gas from Turkmenistan to Afghanistan to a warm water port
Has been had been the brainchild of American petroleum giant Unicalfa much of the 90s
After the destruction of two American embassies in Africa 98 by Osama bin Laden
The Clinton administration forbade any American companies from doing business with the Taliban which had been shuddering bin Laden in Afghanistan
Unicalfa's pipeline project was frozen
After the Bush administration came to power reinfigurating the pipeline project became a high priority matter of policy
Assistant Secretary of State Christine Raka was dispatched to Pakistan to discuss the pipeline with Taliban officials in August of 2001
Raka a career officer with a CIA had been deeply involved in agency activities within Afghanistan
A Pakistani Foreign Minister was present at the meeting and witnessed the exchange
How does this pipeline relate to 9-11? The main obstacle of the completion of the pipeline was the fact that it had to pass through Taliban controlled at Afghanistan
The project would receive no international support unless the Afghan government somehow became legitimized
In bargaining for the pipeline the Bush administration demanded that the Taliban reinstate the post-King Mohammed Zayr Shah as ruler of Afghanistan
And demanded that the Taliban had no further bin Laden for arrest
And return the Taliban would reap untold billions of profit from the pipeline
A central part of the Bush administration's bargaining tactics involved threats of war if these conditions for legitimization of Afghanistan would not met
The BBC of London reported on September 18, 2001 of the existence of war plans on Bush's desk aimed at Afghanistan
Niyaz Nayak, a former Pakistani Foreign Secretary stated that the war plans were slated for October of 2001
Conditions set by the Bush administration to avoid war including the Taliban's handing over bin Laden and the acceptance of King Zayr Shah and Aikwenssofars to doubt that America would hold off on war even if these conditions were met
The result was total disaster. The Bush administration fundamentally misunderstood the Taliban regime much the way Briginsky did in 98
To bring back the King and hand bin Laden over to the West would have been Tatumata suicide for the Taliban
The arrival of Shah would shove them out of power, handing bin Laden over to the West would have been seen as a high-crombly, dyslonic world
Instead of acquiescing to the hard-sale tactics of the Bush administration, the Taliban on least-o-sama upon America
They were going to lose everything and chose to attack first in the hope that all out war would break out in Central Asia and rally other Muslim nations to their cause
Actions do indeed have consequences. The motivations behind 20 months of silence regarding the cause of 9-11 along with the appalling nomination of Henry Kissinger as Chief Investigator become far more clear
The families of those slain and 9-11 have not taken all this lying down. They've sued the government of Saudi Arabia for civil damages totaling a trillion dollars, accusing them of harboring and avoiding the terrorists and eating the terrorists who tricked down the towers
There is profound merit to their claim as 15-19 terrorists who flew the planes and on 11 came from Saudi Arabia as does Osama bin Laden and the Wahhabi sect of Islam that motivates their jihad
The suit seems logical and reasonable. It is disturbing that a considerable legal team hired by the Saudi government to defend against the charges
Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz, the Saudi defense minister, is being represented in corporate the prestigious Houston Law from Baker Bots, which was in the store we talked about last week
The Baker in Baker Bots is James Baker III, Secretary of State to George Bush Senior and Prime Fighter for Bush Junior in the Florida election brawl
Baker also shares another employer with Bush Senior, massive all the national corporation the Carlisle Group, owner of the arms manufacturer United Defense which is making you go play the admit of the war in Iraq
I'd be gratified if someone could explain all this away and then I could sleep at night
The war we've waged against Iraq was justified that the American people as being a necessary response to 9-11 were told Iraq had terrible weapons that could kill us
Iraq was a major threat and that the country would be safer once the Hussein regime was fired
The fact that we found exactly no zero weapons of mass destruction and the relative ease with which we destroyed Iraq's army proved that there were no threat whatsoever
We went anyway however to make the world safer at the point of our incredibly sharp sword
Albert Einstein arguably the most brilliant human being ever to draw breath on planet earth to find insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results
America instigated a horrible war in Afghanistan 24 years ago to make the world safer we have attacked and destroyed another another another Muslim nation purportly for the same purpose
One of these days we're going to realize that such actions never serve the cause of peace but only serve to perpetuate and augment the horrors of this terrifying world
We will learn for all time that actions have consequences
In the meantime though we have silence about September we have evil doers who hate our freedom and we have war after war after war instigated by an administration that has so much to answer for
I tell the people that all my talks about all of this and they leave the room quivering with rage they have the answers as do I and God help the administration because of it secrets love the whisper
How do you like that?
Do you remember this pit near time best song author in the teaching high school in Boston mass?
I know I read that once before but it just I don't know it didn't have the impact on me then that did now
It's all right there
And of course on our website way back why maybe the first book we put on the website?
Yeah, I could be wrong and I'm trying to like get to the what is taking this thing so long here now Eric oh my god that's not a risk fall
But let's blame anyway
Uh, now that's not it
Well it's down to listen all right
I don't know
Forbidden truth
Oh
Remember that one?
Sure
It's still still on there
About the whole pipeline deal with the Taliban and so we threatened that we're gonna invade we threatened that we're gonna invade and they said well you know we had to make a choice
And that's why 9-11 happened so if anybody's thinking to just happen you know just out of the blue think again
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to the people killed with the gas that we sold in
First time a crescer nation and they only won that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil
Forget about Korean
The nooks there to see that the right wing is really
It over and over into our head
That irack has some weapons of past destruction
3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
There's oil to be caught in going after sent down to play kato sama there's no longer mention of the name in law this but no it seems concerned all
I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the day
I'm a manipulation and the right wing is really it over and over and over and to our heads
That irack has some weapons of past destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide table
I'm a manipulation and the right wing is really it over and over and to our brain was
And I rack has some weapons of past destruction only I rack has some weapons of past destruction
So 57 mad dog coming up next here's a fact that says high Neil high George other day I was listening to Howard Spurmshow and already decided to come eating guy was
He's waiting to check with a great body in a butter phrase he said he hadn't seen a haircut like that since mohauer David also we'll be able to see the picture of the hottest couple
Yes you will be able to see the pictures although it doesn't officially start the contest till this Thursday may 1 what do we got 7 7 and 3 so far
February I lost count so you got till a Thursday may 15 2 weeks to enter and are even go to the largest dot com just go to our website you'll see all the
Tales where Carlos has it flaming he's flaming on there and then on Thursday may 22nd you'll have it another was going to vote for a whole week I
Forgot it yeah on Thursday may 15 pictures will be up on the web for voters to choose their favorite Thursday may 22nd the couple of the most votes
When so you'll have a whole week to vote on it and you'll be able to see the pictures starting out Thursday may 15 and the winner wins a 3 day 2 nights
Day for two of the world races resort and casino in Bahamas with round trip air for around Lake or air in the runner up kids dinner for two at the pizza loft and you won't have to buy anybody dinner when you go there which is looking a little
Leicester added bonus you talk about close but man you know the more I think about that the more pissed off and fired up I get about what just this whole business you know
That was talking about today with that Delhi all the other business all other nothing I can do about the worldwide business and about the Taliban and about the
Administrative but I can certainly do something about those free dinners as in no anyway how's that pull coming out Neil
Who what was the best all-time performance at a movie by an actor Jack Nicholson cook was in a 63
Marlon Brando Godfather 56 that's where the contest is that's the race Al Pacino and Scarface 40
Anthony Hopkins silence the lands 33 thus the hoppin rainman 28 George C Scott patent 20 Tom Hanks still fell off of your 16
Peter Finch network 15 Robert Daniela raging volshmit 12 Al Pacino dog day afternoon a dozen everybody else single a digits
And in the morning I only start with a couple for tomorrow
What was the best all-time performance in movie by an actress?
Can't debates in misery Betty Davis whatever happened to baby Jane
We start good start I'm gonna meditate on my pick yeah think on it how about the Phoebe Kates in paradise
Or fast times the rich but hi there you go something like that anyway
We got the mad dog coming out next Hank is not a chula. So go there expecting to see him eating okay, huh? What are you laughing about?
Hank is in the studio in the building at three with the irony studio with him or whatever the hell that's it
What does that say I don't know I don't know what it says either he's around somewhere
Bye bye bye
The little Roger show I'm flying to the movie QAF Miami for learning
Is he now a first round prick?
