Friday, you're thirsty.
I am Charlie the Gay, I am Charlie the Gay, I am I am
I was married to Princess Di, she never even knew that I was buying
Now everyone knows Charlie, Charlie likes to give his willy to a man
To a man, I'm a gay old prince, I'm Charlie
Absolutely
Charlie the Gay, I am
Second verse, just as the verse
I am Charlie the Gay, I am Charlie the Gay, I am I am
I think men are really keen
That's why someday maybe I'll be queen my boyfriend's name is Camilla
Camilla
I love her because she looks just like a man
Like a man
I'm a gay old prince, I'm Charlie
Charlie the Gay, I am
You, you, E-E-N
Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie the Gay, I am I am
Charlie the Gay, I am
Oh!
10-01
At 560 WQ, I'm happy Friday to have
Well, we got a lot of good news today, don't we?
Yes, we do
Where the hell do we start?
Well, first of all, the best news for me is the next Thursday
Thanksgiving Day, which I'm working on, the day in Georgia is working on Friday
Thursday coming to find out we got a dolphin game at noon
Oh, right
What more could you want than that?
A dolphin game to start to 10
And we got jugs McDonald's going to be doing his 3000th NHL broadcast tonight
When the Panthers host the Atlanta trashers at 730 at the Macarena
3000th, nice going jugs, myster
Even though you're kind of an old funny dutty, you're still not a bad guy
Although a little bit of a backstabber, but a good guy
And Geldie ain't getting your job, no matter how much he wants it, whatever
See, that's the thing now, I guess Geldie might be in the back of his mind
Maybe he's a little bit pleased that for out got blown out, you know what?
I never thought about that till this moment
That's a point
Because now there's one less guy waiting in the wings to take jugs a job if he like croaks or something
Although I would be too sure that franchise, I hate to say this
I would be too sure that franchise is going to be there too much longer
Too much for the longer, you know what I'm saying?
No, what?
It's in deep due to
But then again, next season there ain't going to be no hockey anyway
Nobody cares about it in the first place, so maybe we shouldn't talk about it
Okay, yesterday is pool, we got a lot of heavy duty stuff again today
None of that book reading, no more of that book, that was bad boy
Now what did the station went off?
Well, we lost contact
No, no, seriously, I think the tell us just advanced this is Pandora's chop his ass off
Yeah, and it did
Anyway, what famous person living this is this is really something today
Oh, right, I think the mad dog deserves a day off and
And we sponsor this tremendous showing in the pool, don't you?
Sure, why not?
And he's getting it today, got Curtis Stevens in a tube
Anyway, what famous living person would you like to be a role model for your son if you had one we asked?
The mad dog kicks ass again
All right, look at that, it first placed by a mile 278
Bill Clinton 220
Michael Moore 164, Neil Rogers 121
Yeah, thanks, thanks the crap out of me
Why?
Because I have like, I don't know, certain disadvantages
I think they would be just the role model for your son
Well, they probably think I'm an upstanding guy
You're nice to your mom, that's really important
That must be a big part of her
And I have regular ball movements
George W. Boyz 67
Tim Robbins 52, Howard Dean 44, Noam Chomsky 31
And Gorefield only had 21 out of 998
In fact, I think if we refresh it one or two more times, we might hit a thousand
Which isn't too bad, considering the fact that we didn't have a lot of suggestions for this pool
I bet you will have like a little, oh here's a lady in Cooper City already, hello
Hi, good morning
Good morning to you, you sound so bubbly
It is such a nice day here, I guess I can't help it
It's a beautiful day here, the sunny shining, there's not a cloud in the sky
It's just like here
It's gonna be 50-50 photo day, nice and crisp, a beautiful fall day in T.O.
Lovely, you know there's two things actually, the first one is there's the name I just absolutely implored that did not make your poll
Okay
The lovely and wonderful Tom Brady
My son, my son was a Super Bowl winning
Gorgeous, huh? Who seems to be a nice guy, haven't heard him steal in a any freight trains lately
Right
I would be tickled pink
I'd like, well listen, how about if I could just adopt him right now, sounds good to me
Very good, so that's the name I was surprised it didn't make it
I think he's already spoken for
Yeah, and secondly, may I be the first to congratulate people magazine on their very astute?
Johnny Depp
Johnny Depp, sexy
I saw that
I was just said, I have to tell you
But no, I see this sexiest man alive, usually they picked some grotesque like, although George Clooney made the top ten or something which I don't know what that's all about
He's so boring looking, but they did it Johnny Depp and long overdue by the way
Way long overdue, so I was thrilled and tickled about that too
One thing about Johnny, he's a well-preserved, it looks like
Yeah, he's doing it right for himself, God knows what he's tickling himself in, but he's doing it right for him
I was gonna say he's probably in bomb for me inside, he's already
Have a great day sweetheart
Have a good one, thanks
Nice weekend
How do you like that? A bubbly lady just started today, I was just gonna say the other day and I'm glad that I didn't say it
In the last trend, we don't have any women, see I know we have women who listen
But I'm like this lady who I'm sure would shout it from the rooftops that she listens and is proud and pleased
She's out of the closet, but I think most of the women who listen to this show are like too intimidated
You think to admit it
You know what I mean?
Because they don't put it down in their diaries, we, I mean the number we got in women now is like so
I understand it's a sports station
Right and it's AM
And it's an AM station
And we don't have an opera on the show very often and we're not doing like Jerry Springer screaming into a yelling and carrying on and swaring at each other
Do a lot of bleep
Yeah, how about if we put in like a lot of hoodies?
Sure
You mother
Scratch it out
You know, it's like that
That might do
Because even a women pretend to be like a lot of them above the freight for this kind of show
The stuff that they're sitting at home watching all day while they're supposed to be doing housework
And I mean what are we talking about Jerry freaking Springer?
Because men aren't home. I know the college kids love Jerry Springer
But the other than that the audience has got to be mostly women right because they're the ones who are in the house
No, they're the ones who are in the house
So I just rest my case
Anyway, that was, did I give the whole thing or not?
Yeah, I did
And I bet you we got over a thousand now let me take a puke
Yeah, 2011 all of a sudden it was like a big rush on there. Don't say what?
Anyway, now how did we make out yesterday because we got a new deal
I think might help us make a lot of extra money for abandoned pet rescue
I think it's a great idea I came up with nice going. Thank you
In fact, when you go and see Georgia's actor and you might want to ask them about the WQA M.D. Quitt Colossomy bag
Huh? I think it's a fabulous idea because here's how it works
And I'll be wearing a model
And we can have like QA and the colliders embroidered on it 560 WQM all sports you know
All sports
And what you do is like under all the old parts out there who go to the early burden go all these other places where they like to steal crap
What you do is you like in Pompato Park I see we're gonna have on Monday December 1st the first spaghetti free spaghetti dinner of the season
So all your people from one more under your regular clostomy bag make sure you don't get them confused by the way
You have like a stunt clostomy bag a decoy
And that's one that nobody would certainly dare say anything about it like what are you doing with that thing
And that's where you shove in a sweet and low into pickles and a coleslaw just shove everything right in there
And of course being rubber like they are would be nice and sanitary
Not in fact the QA and bag already comes with two compartments
See you don't take the guesswork out
Yeah I love it what great post abilities for your free spaghetti
In fact you can just have a little pasta in there too huh
And just suck it out and then you shove in your meatballs
When it's out suck it out baby I just put some of that and of course you don't gum your pasta
I'm sure that by the time to get home it'll be nice and soft comes with its own straw
Anyway George will be this afternoon 3-5 at Fort Lauderdale Harley on federal highway just south of Oakland Park
Boulevard free food from Atlantic City subs where I were mixed the difference he says by the way Dorena is a bitch
And they also have prizes the best in your merchandise
Now how did Miguel do yesterday?
100 bucks
Well that's not bad
5-7 pm
100 bucks what do you say like so now do we have a number?
I mean seriously it would be now 41-3-11
What is it 41-3-11? Very good
I mean that's not a very good number but at least we'll make the 50 I think
Because now that we're getting close to the holidays Christmas to New Can stuff like that
That's when they'll start I mean we'll make the 50 grand if I have to you know raise holy hell about it
We'll do it
Which isn't great but considering the fact that it's a very tough year for raise money for charity
We'll do the best
Now I just want to say this and I noticed on CNN there they had a lot of people admitting that they watched every moment of that crap yesterday
And so did I
But and the one hand I'm thinking to myself here we've got all these big protests in London
We got more and more people dying in Istanbul and Iraq and more innocent people being slaughtered every day
And the network spent I this is going to be OJ part two only much much bigger than ever before
I'm going to tell you why it's going to be bigger
Because OJ Simpson was known to virtually everyone in America
And the proof of that is sitting right there in George who hates sports but new OJ from the movies
The Hertz commercials nobody didn't know OJ in fact before to murder nobody didn't like OJ I would think
Right what was not to like you know he's just kind of like a goofy guy who's a great football player and I was in
But OJ was only an American figure if you went to like France or like to Switzerland and said
OJ they think you're talking about orange juice maybe those silly Americans the juice
But Michael Jackson of course is known worldwide his stain has and practically look at that
We were the subjects the news media of a ruse here yesterday and apparent ruse while we were standing here about an hour after
Michael Jackson posted bond this is a very quiet lonely road where you're supposed to drive very slowly
A three car on to us started rushing down the street at a relatively high rate of speed
This gate behind me was already open it was a black Mercedes-Benz with tinted windows, a van on each side
The same vehicles we saw at the Sheriff's department, the same vehicles we saw at the airport
Our presumption was that Michael Jackson was inside the Mercedes and the president's side in guard
Geol to the reporters to stay away, but then we found out 15 minutes later that Michael Jackson was seen getting off a plane and they were like
So we saw the first plane it landed and they're all the now every network is covering it breathlessly
And here comes the leader jet and it's you know coming down to runway and there's that little courtesy bust that's pulling up alongside it
Oh now it's turning back this way and then all those guys got off and then had nothing to do with anything
Nobody from the family was in there no Michael Michael motorcycle
And then of course later the other leader jet landed and they stuck the nose of the plane inside the hangar
You see that?
Yeah well I saw the highlights I didn't watch the fly
And the ass end was hanging out and they were really frustrated because when they opened the door and they opened the hatch on a plane
People were getting off but you really couldn't make out anybody per se in the beginning because it was so they were trying to adjust the lenses of the camera so you could take a puket who was coming out of there
And anyway this went on for hours and hours and then of course in the middle of all this we finally see the black... what kind of a vehicle was it a Bronco a black one?
I don't know maybe it was an escalade
I don't know what that was but anyway we see that black vehicle and coming to find out he's in there you know
And then we see him being whisked into there into a custody and he's got the handcuffs on and he's saying oh wait you notice how he hold the handcuffs up to show him to the world that he's the one that's on the defensive
He's the one that's being persecuted I don't think any of the sort happened I think it was just the way he was walking
You know what I'm saying?
Like in the old footage
Air be move air be fart air be well what's the number on the aircraft can we match that with this number?
I mean seriously there's something desperately wrong and with all of us because I watched it all too
You had to be fixated because they covered it like it was the end of the world like like this was the beginning of WW3
They were dropping dropping nuclear weapons in the middle of Washington and that's what it was like I avoided it
Oh come on you're no fun I read some of the Al Franken book like I said good choice because I'm not reading it to you
Anyway here's the first poll today and your main says it was a modern day liching do you think that's your main to the case?
Oh
Poll one what do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson arrest?
Be honest with us now you got six great choices and the winner gets one of those QA and decoy callostomy bags
I love every minute of it that decoy lost to me
What do you think of the media frenzy on the Michael Jackson arrest? I love every minute of it the media is sick and eats health badly
I don't give a shmit about it. It's absolutely pathetic. It's a lucky break for Bush and Hayshmock he's the king of pop
I
Guess I should be a little more respectful don't you right after all the king of pop right?
In fact love is little kids like to call him pop
1013
He likes to see it pop 1013 at 560 WQM one of the best kept soft-floored adiding secrets is right in prestigious
Coral Springs George love the food they brought to the station several weeks ago and you love it all too because you can't be
Do with the stick if you love seafood you'll fall in love with the Gold Coast seafood grill where they just celebrated their one-year anniversary
They got three and a half big fat stars from the Suncentle Showtime Dining Review the Gold Coast Seafood Grills got a menu that's little with all kinds of goodies including mango plum salmon
Alm and Crested Mahi Mahi orange honey glaze sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
There's a great bar atmosphere too an extensive line of martini list big fat martinis during happy hour only five and a half bucks from four to seven PM every day seven days a week
You find the Gold Coast Seafood Grilling Coral Springs 2752 North University drive inside the beautiful prestigious walk shopping center for more information and reservations called 954255 fish
You can dive inside or outside large parties private functions welcome to so if you want to check out the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining where you'll absolutely love the food and the prices
This is it the Gold Coast Seafood Grilling Coral Springs at 2752 North University drive inside the walk shopping center
We're supporting you by CC
QAM
Holy Makinon
This is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
That's damn fat gun I can't stand it
CBS introduces a new television show about America's 40th president that absolutely nobody can hate
It's everybody loves Reagan
Oh Nancy, I'm home
What's for dinner your favorite? Oh hoodie jelly bean casserole. That's my favorite
You know everybody loves Reagan the sitcom that's biased towards money
You really said at this time run your parents are so mad at you they put up a giant fence
Oh, no, they don't
Mom
Dad
Tired down this wall at CBS TV everybody loves Reagan
Ronnie the kids are demanding more allowance here they go again
Well, I suppose I can trickle down another quarter everybody loves Reagan right after president of Queens only on CBS
Oh, is it on showtime? Well, I can't recall
It's a 1018 at 560 WQM where can't believe that we have two ladies in the road to start to show on the phone unbelievable
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach hello
Hi Neil, I just had a couple things to say first of all Johnny Debb I just think he's like a plain Joe really
It's like 125 pounds and probably got a little pinky dinky and the other thing is that if I don't have his little guys will shock you
I know I had little hands one time I couldn't believe it wow that anyways
I don't have any children think that
But if I did I guess I'd want them to be like Roger Clevans or that other guy to retire from Baltimore a couple years ago
That never missed a day of work
Yeah, and then the other thing that's Michael J. X and thing why don't they charge the parents he was charged ten years ago
For whatever he got a clinic, but I'll give it just go let him spend a night so we can do well
I think probably people that like see a part of gold at the end of the rainbow
But it's charming
Yeah
It's charming, I have a great day and you're making a few
Oh man, I told you it's gonna be a great day I can smell it baby I can smell it
I just want you
Or maybe that's that D-Core Colossomy bag
Maybe we forgot to empty it out all Moe left it
Fifty votes what do you think about the media friends he had a Michael Jackson arrest it's a lucky break for Bush and of course it's a tremendous
And you do realize the trial is gonna be next year and we got probably the most important presidential election coming up in modern history
Maybe in the entire history of the US because depending on the outcome of this one we might not have no more elections
But anyway and this is gonna that trial especially if it's televised and it's gonna make OJ Pearland and one significance
We never dreamed that could happen again, did we?
Well, I figured just not our time I didn't think it'd be this soon though
But it is and coincidentally for Bush once again he looks out
I mean just just totally took all the British protest and anything about that and all the stuff going on and instant bowl and a rite
Right out of the news and here we went on for hours and hours and there goes the vehicle and here's the motorcade
And here are the get stuck in traffic and here these paint and he asked by standards coming up and he shaking their hands through the window
And all of a sudden you did you see that bit?
Oh my god, it's just like OJ on the freeway again. Hey go OJ going there all we had to signs up
See people are so star struck not just in America but all over the world
They're so star struck with celebrity that it really is making a difference what you do
In fact, I think probably if Ted Bundy could have sung well I think he'd probably still be alive today, don't you?
If you get like a tap dance dude that's something good, you know
Harley Manson T-shirts are selling like hotcakes. No question. He could say love them. Anyway
What do you think of the media friends you're on a Michael Jackson arrested? It's a lucky break for Bush 23
It's absolutely pathetic 16. I don't give a shmit about it 11 the media is sick and eats health badly 5
I love every minute of it only three and H H Muck he's the king of pop none out of the first 58 votes out of you like that
Little surprising to me. I don't think they're being honest with us. Who Michael hasn't got to the computer yet?
I beg your pardon
Here's an update on our your appearances afternoon that you just thanked from three to five this afternoon
Georgia I'll have the best in the whole merchandise other prices at Fort Lauderdale Harley on federal highway just out the
Open Park Boulevard. They'll be food from Atlantic City subs and Dickens cider as well. Yes cold also from four to six p.m
The other van will be a p Hollywood Chrysler Jeep at 2100 North State Road 7 stop by to win prizes free food from Atlantic City subs
Where I will mix the difference and he says the reins of bitch and Miguel will be there. I'm sure right Josh there you go. I beg your pardon
Josh like I said Josh will be there. Okay, no, let's see did I hear a
Oh, yeah, well they all on CNN he didn't say the F bomb at least not the first time unless they did live not messed them
It's the first time because they bleeped it out
So I guess if she had a mind like it who is the bimbo that was she's out. No, that's not her that was interviewing him
On the phone. Oh my god
And you don't never say you can't understand how we feel and you never been and I said
Oh, she was just in the water scream or appeal his banana
Yeah, so anyway your main did the sneak the F bomb so F entire all this stuff and you people put all these talking heads on there
Don't know what's blah blah blah blah. It's a modern day lynching
Anybody think it's a racial thing? No, how could it be a racial thing when he's wider than most of us are right?
You don't even look like you got a good suntan Michael black my ass. Oh, sorry
You're gonna love this US's iron hammer. You know the hammer
Not that hammer US's iron hammer code name first used by Hitler the Nazis
The US military's code name for a crackdown on resistance in Iraq was also used by the Nazis for an avoided operation to damage the Soviet power grid during WW2
Operation iron hammer this week launched the first armor divisions third brigade and the roughest parts of bag dad
The fear about the attackers who have killed scores of US troops since Sodom was sent was often April a Pentagon official said the name was chosen because of the old iron
Sides nicknamed of the first armor division. He was unaware of any connection to the any Nazi operation
Eisenhammer the German for iron hammer was a Luftwaffe code name for a plan to destroy Soviet generating plants in the Moscow and Gorky
Or is in 43 according to universal lexicon on the website does whatever it is a research your Britain's imperial war museum confirmed the existence of Eisenhammer
Wasn't he the president Eisenhammer?
Acquired the third war on terrorism US officials changed the code name for its impending attack on Afghanistan
Do operation and doing freedom the original name operation infinite justice was jettison the midfiers that the Muslim were already
Leroy of US intentions would object on the basis of Quran teachings that only God can provide infinite justice only one God
Oh God for him for justice we go to him. Oh brother
So you see the Nazis always go sliding in there. Mm-hmm speaking of Nazis this story before we get to a very jackass in Jim Sartey and
Pharrell again all that stuff that just don't you know
I know there are a lot of people out there in the audience who really pissed off about all that business
But you know what what am I gonna do about it right? Oh wave of magic wand
Not can't I got no magic wand people are
Not a shape because this station keeps jerking the audience around and yankin around and did it and you know, but
It's just Greg read again and of course corporate over there in Naples
They're sitting up in the tree with their banjo with a stupid look on her post. They don't know what to scream or peel it either
Peel of an ant before you stick in your puss is a good idea all you beastlies over there God
War critics astonished as US Hawk admits the invasion was illegal
Oh my god
International lawyers and anti-war campaigners reacted with astonishment on Wednesday after influential Pentagon Hawk Richard Pearl
Conceited that the invasion of Iraq had been illegal
In a startling break with the official White House and Downey Street lines Mr. Pearl Tauro
Told an audience in London. I think in this case international lost it in the way of doing the right thing
President Bush has consistently argued that the war was legally the because of existing UN Security Council resolutions on Iraq
Also the British government's publicly stated view or as an act of self defense permitted by international law, but Mr. Pearl a
Key member of the defense policy board which advises the US defense secretary Rumsfeld said that international law would have required us to leave
Sodom who's saying alone and this would have been morally unacceptable
French in transigence he had it meant there had been no practical mechanism consistent with the rules of the UN for dealing with
Sodom who's saying how do you like that?
But here on the one hand he was the one screaming the only way better go in here and we got to do it in the audio de audio
I mean the other hand he said well, it wasn't legal, but too late now
What a major asshole and we got a big berry jackass column
I guess Greg must have like put in a phone call told me need a lot of free publicity and then Jim Sarty at the Sun
Center you're not only ugly and grotesque to him which I can relate to but man you don't know your answer from Georgia's elbow
It's Saturday morning TV is about to get a makeover. It's queer eye for the Popeye
Look at what he's wearing
They look out fit. So where's the rest of the billets people?
Queer eye for the Popeye is the famed Pives most animated project yet
What would you like to prepare for your big dinner date with olive oil?
Well, I'd rather push the spinach in a can
There's only one thing that's good in the can honey and an a spinach. How about if we throw a sweetpeat instead?
We peas
What do I look like a cannibal?
Wait until you see how the queer eye for the Popeye team has redecorated his swinging bachelor pad. Okay, Popeye pop your eyes open
Well, close me down.
Well, hello, sailor
Easy fellas. It's just an expression
Queer eye for the Popeye Saturday mornings right after while you deal we're out
Anyway, the Pope says the things will badly for Michael. They have an opening form at the Vatican 1032 at 560
111 votes on our pool. What do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson arrest in Michael Jackson's case?
You're gonna have Michael Jackson up your ass and your nose and your earlobes and your spleen and your liver and your back
Don't worry. Just like that kid. Everybody in the world is gonna be just overgrown with Michael Jackson
They're gonna have Michael you're gonna start having like gloves growing on your hand whether you want one or not
You're gonna your nose is gonna start like vanishing
Which could help that the Paris Hilton by the way. Yeah, I always thought the Paris Hilton was a hotel seriously
Okay, to show you how to touch I'm with this crap and then I saw her and man
She has got a twist that would even a mother could hate. She's got a nasty looking bitch
111 votes. It's a lucky break for bush 35 you bet
It's absolutely pathetic
But third man, I don't give a shmit about a 21 the media sick and eat health badly you go girl Tammy Faye you're right
15 I love every minute of a 10 and H H Muckies the king of pop none so far zero
sympathy do not now you know we got to take that other call Miami. Don't you want to get that going?
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey
Dota
Okay, perfect morning media
Perfect morning of mixy ludes WQM rights very jackass very rhymes with Mary
With all the two-month intern over the past 22 months WQM is proving what people in radio already knew
It's a challenge for all sports stations to find the right mix for a morning talk show
See I hate to break the news to you since you're a sports nerd you're the couch potato
You're a little tub of crap and you're a moron and a jock sniffer to and I'm talking probably literally
But the fact that a matter is very any radio station is a challenge for a morning talk a morning talk show
Not just all sports radio, but that's all he knows him and Greg. That's why they get along so well sports
That's all they know
It's for January 2002 Joe Rose left his gig at WQM two weeks after that co-host Jeff DeForest was fired after pleading
Building to pay and kickbacks to a mika suki Indian gaming marketing director
Or they love to say mika suki. Why do they say mika suki? I hate that they're idiot now after experimenting with Ron Hersy
Howard David Howard David
Absolutely Scott Farrell others WQM general manager Greg reads still is looking for something with staying power
Read would eight half with Rose, but the former dolphins tied in isn't sure he's willing to juggle WQM's 8 to 10
Am Sloth with his lead anchored duties at NBC six Rose who would work alone or be paired with Steve Geldy Goldstein said
Helmaker this isn't shortly
Why his finding a long-term replacement for the first team taken longer than the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?
Barry wants to know I just want the most entertaining show we can have and no going into the gutter like for well-did read said
Going into the gutter
Of course who was it that hired him Greg?
That's something to think about read believes David and then for well would be believed believe past ends believed David
Then for all would be capable replacements for the rose to force geltstein Troika that ended in January
2002 it says it ended in other words he ended it
But Reed said here's my favorite part of the whole article
Absolutely, but Reed said David show was not entertaining enough to which he is
Absolutely correct. He and Geldy were shifted to 5 to 8 am read was happy with for else ratings
But he continued to cross the line of good taste forcing Reed to dump him
The forest who does afford a 7 p.m. Show for WFT LA 50 in West Palm Beach worked well with Rose
But he hasn't heard from WQM and doesn't expect to
Defeau and Geldy were fired by Reed in 2001 but Reed changed his mind only to fire D.Fo again after legal problem surface
No one is ever satisfied with what they have before said this week
WQM was always giving us scrutiny over our show even when our ratings were higher than what they're doing black back flips over now
We were running too many commercials. They blamed the talent like they usually do in this business
Read and deforestation reats more difficult to find talent for morning drive than other day parts
It's the most competitive day part and a cut through that clutter
You have to be pretty entertaining read said which course we know Mo is not said Defeau
You need to appeal to a broader base in the morning
You just can't throw someone on and tell them to be funny is what he said
Ready for that yeah, come on mo be funny. That's a funny. I'm just funny looking but funny
Idiot take off those chicken pants and by the way mode. Don't forget pay back as a bitch
Now Jim Sarni who writes on Fridays his broadcast sports column in a sunsend and never has anything really too close to being right
A real puts
He has only one paragraph on this countertoms
WQM's biggest mistake with Scott for well who was fired for his repeated off-color remarks was putting him the 8 to 10 a.m
Morning slot when listeners were driving the kids to school
For well be long on late night radio when the kids are asleep
See Jim I hate to break the news to you since you know absolutely nothing about broadcasting
Even though you write the broadcast sports comments on central
But somebody has to write a little bit about broadcasting because Tom Tickard just writes puff pieces about network TV shows
But anyway Jim it's unfortunate because you may not be the worst guy in the world
But you're writing is certainly pathetic putting for all on late at night would have accomplished nothing because there's no revenue late at night late night
Radio on any station. There's no there's no money to be made in addition to which for all was hired to solve the problem in a morning
You see if it's sarni that's what he was hired for to solve the problem that Greg created in the morning
But he blew out the first team now he was trying his 18th different version of trying to solve his own
Creating out his own problem
But Jim Sarni if the sunsend will just don't get it
So there's the two articles on that like I said Michael Jackson is going to be coming out of every poor in your body and
Now the woman I called before she's got an excellent point a lot of people have already said that a lot more people are going to be sent to that obnoxious mark
Gera goes man that guy I said it all long before this latest thing started he gives me the creeps
Guess who was filling in for Larry last night. Uh-huh. I give up now. I'll give you one guess female
Nancy Grace
Now right really see how hard that was I just pulled that out of my body mean really she's she's always on her
She's on their mind and he is watch Larry and
I'm sure I want to see what he's got on especially in light of the Michael stuff, you know
Let's face it whether we like it or not especially those of us on a year
We got to be down Michael in up 80 hours a day because that's what in spite of this pool
You know you people I tried I told you to be a little bit more honest
You think you're fooling this old fart you're not fooling anybody. Oh, no, we don't care about that
And we're disgusted by it and revolted and you know
Oh finally hey schmuck he's the king of pop we got two out of a hundred and thirty nine votes. Thank you
I like being called schmuck schmuck
What do you think of the
Media frenzy on Michael Jackson's arrest?
It's a lucky break for bush 44. It's absolutely pathetic. Absolutely
Absolutely pathetic
32 I don't give a shmit about it
The media is sick and he's held badly 23. I love every minute of it only 11 and hey schmuck
He's the king of pop only two
And you mark my words that in the days and weeks to come you're whether you're gonna have to like burn your TV
Mm-hmm
And the best part of the deal like I started to say a minute ago the woman has a good point
And that is that what in the what kind of parents
Turned their kids their little kids over to Michael Jackson so we can caress and nozzle and do whatever
Nissel no whatever that other word wasn't that bit with them at the neverland huh?
Nuzzle and Nissel Nuzzle and Nissel and Nissel and Nissel and Nissel and Nissel and drizzle
Well, we're doing a weather report. There's a little drizzle somewhere the answer to quite there is
Probably a neverland. There's a little drizzle
So anyway, what kind of parent does that in light of everything that we know about it and then suspect about them
And the previous allegations in 93
Skull or cut which is not an excuse because I believe beyond a shadow of a doubt
I don't know any other 45-year-old guys who sleep with little boys or little girls
And get away with it and this bull crap on that British interview remember that thing
Oh, well, I just everybody should be doing that and everybody should just love and care
Right who the hell do you think you're kidding man? Remember the like I said yesterday the maid with all her revelations about what was going on in there
And then of course Latoya who just dragged him out of the closet and and we're supposed to have this convenient Alzheimer's again
And the whole world is supposed to forget about it like I would say right?
Absolutely just forget about it
Well, guess what we're not gonna forget about it because of course that would be boring and we got like months and months of excitement coming up now
Yeah
You're not real
Just quit it. Okay, so my nose looks a little nasty
Look at what happens when you have unnecessary rhinoplasty
I don't know why you make such a big deal about my nose
What was the nice guy you took a look at my clothes?
All my suits look like something out of sergeant pepper
But my skin looks like something you see on the lever
Well, it hurts my feelings and it makes me sad
I used to be so popular I used to be
Bad you know
You know
So
I'm like a jatzer
You give me the creeps
Oh
There's the final airity of the back that I started a whole eternity
The other kids that's what I named it
Would you give you something as well after you named it?
What's worse if I broke my foot and I walk with a lunatic
No, I'm not even fast enough to catch bubbles but chimp
And that's why right now I'm sulking
But in the fact I'm still a little bit calling cold
I wish things would be good again like there were in the 80s before I started to look like a voodoo doll from Haiti
Jax
In
OOOOOOOO oh
Why
We
I tried to get the chance.
He's canned.
Sorry, Michael Jackson.
I told you, don't look real.
Where did all your dark groupies meet go through?
As bright as Mary Manila.
Sorry, Michael Jackson.
You're not real.
I am.
Why don't you go home to neverland?
Take outside and try to get...
You know, the radio stations here in Toronto
stop playing Michael Jackson records.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
Are we playing any of them?
No.
See, I rest in my case.
We're not playing Michael Jackson songs.
I'm surprised that every line on this board
isn't lit up right now.
Of course, the audience...
Oh, well, we're not interested in that.
We're more interested in world affairs and serious things.
I got news for you.
If the trial started tomorrow,
yeah.
95% of you will be sitting near glued to the screen.
You probably even would look for a little football.
You probably even like...
We sneak in a peek during commercial breaks
in a football games.
You know it, and I know it.
Right?
Because like I said,
the OJ thing paled into wind significance.
And that had about a 60 share, I think.
Or released...
But third man...
More than that.
But this thing, assuming it does go to trial,
and what about this thing with the...
He's going to be arraigned on January 9th.
They said, usually, it's within 30 days.
How many days?
But now it's January 9th.
To give him plenty of time to go molester more kids, I guess.
Right.
And I love the way Mark Garagot said,
Michael is coming back to LA
to confront these charges head on.
He's going to come here and...
Well, he's coming back because...
Actually, there's a ward off for his arrest.
He had a serenity to pull.
He's number one.
And number two after he bonded out,
after he paid the $3 million bail,
he got on that little dear gentleman right back to Vegas.
He's coming here to take these charges on head on.
You know what?
It's kind of like a modern day lynching to me.
5, 6, 7.
Hey, that's your main to the case.
Make no mistake about it.
And then of course, Phil Specter,
charged with murder.
My God, the music world is in decay.
What are we going to do?
Bad news, bad bad news.
Here's the facts from Peggy.
We had two female collars in our first faxes from a lady.
So we're doing good with the ladies, Joe.
That's because Joe Rosas on his early to now.
I heard you this morning stating
that you're waiting, didn't reflect your female listeners.
I've been a faithful listener for the past 10 years since WIOD.
When you're not on, I go through withdrawal.
The seven months you were off the year before coming to QM
were very, very long.
Not long enough, Peggy.
Believe me.
My youngest son, 13, committed to me the other day.
How screwed up the morning show was.
My WQM could have the first team out again from the mouth of babe.
She says, thank you, Peggy.
Love you.
Wow.
And don't send your kid to Neverland.
It's not a good idea.
Never, never.
No, seriously.
What is that all about?
What kind of...
I'm not...
Because I believe he's guilty as hell.
I always have.
Because I read too much crap about it.
And just ordinary regular people don't behave that way.
This is a very, very disturbed individual who thinks
that because of his fame and fortune,
he can generally get away with whatever he wants.
And so far, he's succeeded in that, right?
But nevertheless, what kind of responsible parent
turns their kid over to, I don't care,
cancer, victim or not, you know?
You misspoke.
What do you mean?
You said responsible parent.
What kind of asshole turns their kid over to a well-nussespected
pedophile?
And again, there's the pot of money at the end of the rainbow.
Right.
Here's a call from Miami.
See, Line 6 is always a real short call.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Son of a bitch.
No, huh?
Always a short call.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Tamarack.
They're probably calling for that decoy
call us to be back from Tamarack.
5, 6, 7, we got to get no action on the phone here today.
I'll figure that.
And like I said, like in a normal market with like regular
ordinary people, people would have something to say,
just like the questions that are pulled today.
Now, the second poll we're taking later
is just our annual demographic survey to see
if we have any audience luck.
Because I really believe that I'm, I hope that I'm wrong.
But I believe that the for real business has left us
a gasping for oxygen at QIM.
I could be wrong.
I hope so.
But I think that we've got to put all the pieces back together
again.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
First, he did bring it in the mold, my steps.
Absolutely.
I sent up the morning.
Well, I mean, that wasn't first.
That was like after several other miscues.
And then we go through this ugly grotesque episode.
And the audience, see, one thing about radio audiences,
they like stability.
They didn't like when we went nine to one.
Because there's no such time slot.
It sucked.
So we had to go through that for seven months.
More than that, whatever the hell it was.
And he keeps jerking the audience around and jerking it around.
And it doesn't even feel good.
And they're getting sick and tired of it.
I believe that.
So Greg, thanks again.
Just when you think he's fine, how many times have I said this,
both at IOD and on the station?
I know it sounds trite.
When are we ever going to get, like, at least one toe
on the ground?
It's like Erica Strata.
When will that child ever put like one toe on the ground?
Forget about getting your feet firmly planted on Terra firma.
But just like one toe to kind of like bring things
to a semblance of order, the audience likes stability.
Never.
Where it never going to happen?
Never.
This is never, never land.
Oh, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good?
Great.
Listen, no one ever does anything about his kids.
And I use the word his very loosely.
Yeah, they've been talking about that.
Like, about what does the story going to happen with him?
And now, supposedly, he went back to Vegas
because he wanted to protect his kids and shelter them.
Didn't want to bring him back to LA.
Yeah, well, his kids' mothers should be shatting
and feeding for allowing their children
to be raised by him.
Yeah.
There's no doubt about that.
Yeah, but don't you think the pot at the end of the rainbow
that payoff was pretty good for them?
You know that?
There's no doubt about that.
But from what we hear, aside from his other troubles,
the pot keeps getting smaller.
Good.
Good.
Well, that's my two cents.
Man, have a great day.
Pot keeps getting smaller because he keeps picking
the seeds out of it.
Or maybe that was their little boy's.
Rectome picking seeds from, I don't know.
Record producer Phil Spector charged with murder.
What?
That bastard.
I mean, this is not a new story.
It's an old story.
But they finally got, I guess LA finally figures
that if they have enough people that they are trying
to convict them, they'll get a conviction sometime.
Have they ever, yeah, I think Charlie Manson
was last major figure.
They ever convicted out there.
Right?
Anybody else?
That's because he wasn't that much of a celebrity.
Not then.
No.
Use it producer Phil Spector known for his creation
of the wall of sound with charge yesterday with murder
in the shooting of actress Lana Clarkson,
the LA district attorney's orifice set.
And his afternoon, an arrangement, what is it?
Alhamberts of period court, Spector pleaded not guilty.
Judd set the next court date for January 22.
Spector 62 was arrested February 3rd.
This year after 30's by Clarkson's body
in a pool of blood at the entrance to Spector's mansion
is driver called 911 reporting gunfire inside the home.
A coroner's report concluded that Clarkson 40
with the victim of a homicide,
Sheriff's authority said Spector was the only suspecter.
He was released on a million dollars bit.
Oh, it's picking up Arlen Spector, man.
I'm gonna tell you Peter Jennings and you assholes
at ABC News, what a white wash.
They had on that.
I'm glad somebody mentioned that yesterday
because I never watch ABC.
Last night, 10 to midnight, I saw some of it.
A two-hour piece, debunking all the conspiracy theories
on the assassination of JFK since tomorrow's
the 40th anniversary of his assassination, November 22, 63.
I have never in my life seen such a one-sided piece
at garbage even if people had foxwood have been embarrassed.
They, the part of the show that I saw,
they didn't bring on anybody to challenge the assertions
that were making.
Well, Governor Colley was really sitting three inches
blood to the prison and actually a little bit below it,
blah, blah, blah, blah, and the bullet didn't hang in here.
I mean, they even showed Arlen Spector admitting
that it was a highly unusual trajectory for a bullet.
I would, you know, you really had a suspend belief,
but nevertheless, this is what happened.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Even he admitted that, the inventor of the single,
the magic bullet theory and everything that we've read
and heard and all the other people,
it's just unbelievable that they put that kind of crap on here
because the media are willing, co-conspirate as men,
they want to help the brainwashed the public.
Oh, there was no conspiracy.
Nobody stored your government from you.
Those big oil men, another big lunatics in Texas
in this country, they had nothing to do with any of that.
And Jack Ruby was just an angry American.
He went into a Charlie Harvey Oswald
because he was so distraught about the killing
of his beloved president,
which of course was totally untrue.
Right.
Totally untrue.
He went in there to shut him up.
Oh, but we aren't supposed to hear about Jack Ruby's ties
with Amatya and about how Lee Harvey Oswald
his people in New Orleans, all of that stuff, you know?
And they discredit and destroy Jim Garrison.
Anybody who dares to challenge man is a buffoon.
Mark Lane was a buffoon.
Jim Garrison was a buffoon.
And then they're showing these clips from JFK,
Oliver Stone.
Well, we know that Oliver Stone is a buffoon.
There's no doubt about that.
He's an asshole.
And as much as I was a long movie, it'll kill some good time.
I can't find executive action.
I've looked at every one of the stores in town.
I can't find it.
I've seen it a couple of times,
but I'm worth a thought of it.
But nice to see again now.
I looked on the videotapes and also on the DVDs.
No luck.
I checked in my BVDs.
Nothing.
Is that incredible or what?
Have you tried Amazon?
I could get that, but I was thinking
I wanted to see it right now.
We got a nice even 200 votes on the poll right now.
What do you think of the media frenzy
on a Michael Jackson arrest?
And don't tell me that you didn't see any of it.
That you're not going to watch the trial if it comes to that.
If they put it on court TV, because I'm already anticipating.
Remember during OJ, we would like every day
put some of the stuff on the ear, right?
And I remember that day that we hooked up with KFI.
It would not KFI.
What KFI?
What was it?
Yeah, it was KFI, the consultation in the LA.
And the day that the verdict came down.
I'm sitting there and I'm listening,
and I thought to myself, oh my God.
Right.
Holy crap.
Are you smitten me?
Not guilty?
200 votes.
It's a lucky break for Bush, the media frenzy
on Michael, Michael Motorcycle 62 votes.
It's absolutely pathetic.
Absolutely.
46.
I don't give a shmit about it.
39.
The media is sick and he'd tell badly 33.
I love every minute of it 16.
And hey, Schmuck, he's the king of plop.
It's my life and look all this is 4256.
You weigh him.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
Hey, does this know his soprano
inviting you to a sit down for delicious Thanksgiving
turkey from the sopranos turkey farm?
H. Burr, this face taken the tenderized by a friend of ours,
Paulie Walnuts.
Hey, Paulie, you're not for the baseball bat.
That's a turkey not a parony, perhaps?
Sorry, Tom, but the thing looked at me funny.
That's a soprano's turkey farm.
You tell us, who's turkey you want wet?
And we take care of it.
You pay us half a front and half of the job's done.
Gabiish.
Hey, Paulie, how many times I've got to tell you?
There's one shop in the back of the head.
Sorry, Paulie.
I think you're down with sucking up on my mother.
The soprano's turkey farm even though of a spree delivery.
It will stub your turkey in a bowling bag,
throw it in the trunk and dump that thing on your front lawn
in the middle of the night.
The soprano's a frano.
When the soprano's turkey farm will always be you,
like bottom of the family.
Love it on one at 560 WQM, Happy Friday to you.
Guess what they're talking about on CNN?
I have three.
Maybe a peace sign.
He then boarded a private plane back to Las Vegas.
I'm going to tell you whether you're liking it or not, folks.
And obviously a lot of people already are disgusted,
at least so they claim you're going to have Michael Jackson
and your refrigerator when you open up the refrigerator door,
it will be a sound.
That's right.
And your pop-up toasters is going to be going everywhere you look.
When you can pick up your dry cleaning of the cleaners,
there's going to be a little sound inside of that sack.
When you open up your decoy philosophy bag
to pull out the sweet and low and a dill pickle,
there'll be that sound everywhere you look.
You can't get away from it.
So I just want those things.
It will be all encompassing.
That's my prediction.
Here's another prediction.
Yeah.
There is a Chinaman's chance in purgatory.
They're going to convict him of anything.
I agree.
No chance.
I agree.
Because it's the kids word against his.
Right.
They got the videotape, even though it was made before,
supposedly before this incident occurred,
or this series of incidents, videotape the mother and the kids saying,
Michael is treated as wonderfully and he never a store of freight train
and nothing on tour has happened.
And how have anybody ever said those things about him?
And Yadi Yadi.
And then also allegedly, after these incidents occurred,
they still came back to Neverland.
Right.
So I think that a lot of you people out there
that don't give a crap about your kids.
I mean, if you want to come up with some real heavy-duty cash,
right?
Right.
Got a better chance to this than winning a lottery.
Too bad I got girls.
Because he ain't never going to stop doing it.
No.
Well, I'm sure that you're a little girl there.
How old is she now?
About two?
Almost.
Almost two.
No.
Well, I'm sure that we got some people out there.
We're like, I mean, I don't want to say nothing about Sabrina.
She's a sweet heart and she's told for that anyway.
How old is she?
Right.
Good one.
See, I know what crap what I'm talking about.
So anyway, more importantly, yes.
I was going to be a nice guy and get you executive action,
but it's not yet available on DVD.
Well, I don't need an on DVD, but I think I've got a kind of video tape.
The VHS has it.
They used VHS and I hate those things.
But you don't understand.
This isn't the kind of thing you're going to watch for the quality,
for the beauty of the picture.
It's in black and white, first of all.
So how bad can the picture be?
I don't know.
I'll find it somewhere.
I'll find it like in an old VHS for I'll find it somewhere.
I've been.
You do you think now if they had any brains,
which of course these people though, you think that they would have released
an anticipation of the big rush through a V with tomorrow,
being November 22, wouldn't you?
No.
Now they didn't either.
Here's a call from Dania.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you?
I'm great.
Did you happen to see?
Are you sitting down for this one?
Are you having a meeting?
I'm scrapped right in.
Did you see the news footage of the Broward Sharers?
Stephanie, he's taken Marion Allafant out of the Broward's governor.
No, you're not, because they're not showing that here.
Yeah.
And some of her workers were clapping.
I was clapping when that store when we got
somebody back to that story yesterday.
I was high five in myself.
I was waiting for that one for a long time.
I didn't know that.
Better late than never, man.
Also, why does this, why does it, is a modern day lynching?
Oh, right.
She was a high-riding bitch.
She deserves a loser job.
Amen.
Why does the news media think that we care about Scott Peterson
or any of these other things?
Is that make, I have a life, I don't care what you feel.
No, no, no, no.
Wait a minute.
See, here's, there's something I talked about back during the ALEON days.
The news media doesn't care whether you do care.
What they do is they tell us what we must care about.
And they inundated with us to the point where you can't escape it.
They, they tell it like the ALEON thing.
That wasn't an important story.
It was a child custody case.
And the media made it into something bigger than life.
And they got everybody whipped up on all sides around.
And they told us that we have to immerse ourselves
in this because it's very, very important thing.
We shouldn't even give it a two-second thought.
Yeah, but there's a lot more important things to be thinking about.
There's not only in people that need a job in this kind of thing.
But isn't this a good diversion from all of those things, though?
Isn't this a convenient diversion?
I don't really care about him.
I'm not saying that.
It's arachastically.
I'm talking about the fact that it's a very convenient diversion
and takes away the spotlight from those people who are trying to be reelected.
By the way, Michael Moore was on C-SPAN on Sunday night for a whole hour.
Do you catch that one?
No, he did not.
He called Bush a serial liar.
It was one record.
Listen, have a great day.
He's a good guy to discover.
But every time he calls, he wants to go off him his long speech.
It's kind of preaching to the choir.
We know.
We've got 85,000 articles just this week alone on our website saying basically the same thing.
Nice going, Michael Moore.
You go, boy.
75 people on the media friends.
You got Michael Michael.
75.
It's a lucky break for Bush.
It's absolutely pathetic.
53.
Absolutely.
I don't give a shmit about it.
42.
The media is sick and eats health badly.
36.
I love every minute of it.
19.
And hey, Schmuck, he's the king of pop.
9.
I bet you that's what Robert Green provoked, huh?
That's Schmuck.
Here's for Lauderdale.
That's all right.
He's the N-18.
You know.
For Lauderdale, hello.
I have to fare in my pocket for not the money for the part yet.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
How you doing?
Kind of like we interrupted a very important transaction there.
That was good.
No, everything's fine.
Just a couple of quick things.
If you take a look at the papers, if people weren't down here watching TV yesterday
around the country, they really actually know what was going on.
Did you see USA today?
And now, Ryan, it's erupting in Miami.
Yeah.
It's just ridiculous, how if people don't know what's going on in a certain area, they could
be told something.
And that's like Pablo and his dog.
People just, they ring the bell and people go along with what they believe.
Well, they were just showing that story again about the FDA on CNN.
And they don't put on there.
But they have a habit now, lately of showing file footage from a previous day or even a
previous week or a month or a year.
And they don't put that on the screen.
So you think this is actually going on right now.
And then when you listen to the audio, you realize this is just tape that they made yesterday
of the cops beating up some of these people into batons and a rubber bullets and the tear
gas, all of this other crap.
And you notice the one good thing, though, the FDA closed the, they said, let's get out
here and close up a day early and they're all gone.
So the coast is clear in Miami.
But you're right.
Now, one quick thing, Neil, yesterday you had the poll, we couldn't get through, but one
name for that.
And I know you like this one.
Sandy Kofax.
What's not to like?
He had a Larry King.
Right.
And he stood up for his belief that he was a great athlete and you know, who wouldn't
want the kid to grow up to be somebody like that?
And at least your kid wouldn't have to work on your own Kipper anyway.
Hey, have a wonderful day, Neil.
And you too, Zagazone.
5670560, who wouldn't want to be like Sandy Kofax?
Although it's great of a picture as he wasn't a pretty good guy, he always seemed a little
boring to me, but that's okay.
Better be boring than like a little two-flam boy.
You know, like certain people we know.
Hope.
Michael, Michael, motorcycle.
You wouldn't want your kid to be quite like that.
Maybe.
How was that possible?
I don't think anybody has that possible.
I don't think anybody has that.
Plastic and spastic.
Those are the two words to be looking for, man.
Plastic and spastic.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Absolutely insane.
There's Michael Jackson incident.
It's going to destroy the media for the next year.
Right.
And of course, like I said in the beginning of the show, this is the year that we ought to
be concentrating on things that might be a little more important than that.
Absolutely.
The spending, the war, the mess, and instead we're going to be inundated with Jack O'The
Waco stupid ship bunk.
Now the thing is, another point, and I tried to get through, but I couldn't, the obscure
films.
I've got a good one for you.
Okay.
Soil and green.
Oh, that's excellent.
I love that word.
I've seen it for a few times, right?
I did want to put that in, but this Jack O'The Waco thing is just going to drive everybody
nuts and there's no end in sight.
It's going to be a big deal.
It was in that too, wasn't it?
Bruce Dern?
Yes.
That was a young crew there.
And that was up least 71 or 72.
But that was a good film.
Anyway, but the Jack O'The Waco thing is out of control.
And the media is going to take off running with it.
It's going to be a media circus.
It's a total waste of money and waste of time.
Resources that the country should be paying attention to, the government, politics,
important issues, money issues.
But they won't.
The country should be paying attention.
Okay.
His cell phone cracked out.
Here's one good piece of news for you.
Lawmakers defied Bush on media rules.
Negotiators back moved to stop the FCC from easing ownership limits.
Oh!
House and Senate negotiators last night to fight a White House veto threatened to agree
to a provision that would prevent the FCC from loosening rules on ownership of multiple
media outlets.
With little discussion, the lawmakers tentatively included the measure in a huge evolving
spending package needed to fund agencies and programs in areas where the House and Senate
couldn't reach final agreement.
The decision is a big setback for President Bush who has strongly endorsed the rule change.
The plan drafted by FCC Chairman Michael K. Powell would have allowed a company to own
TV stations that could reach almost half the viewing public in a given area.
The House and negotiators couldn't resolve another major dispute between Congress and
White House.
This went over the administration's bid to change the nation's policies on overtime pay.
The House last month reversed course and joined the Senate appropriations committee in opposing
White House efforts to make it easier for employees to exempt many higher paid workers from
overtime pay.
The action marked a significant victory for Democrats and labor leaders who said the
administration's plan would deny overtime benefits to millions of employees when they
work more than 40 hours a week.
And it goes on and on.
But anyway, try and do your best.
At least give them a little bit of high marks for that that the Congress is trying to
like.
Because they know they're here from all their constituents.
Everybody with a brain knows that this whole deregulation crap and letting a few companies
buy up every damn radio and TV station and newspaper in America would even make worse
and already bad situation.
When he started doing this, I told you this is the beginning of the end and I was absolutely
correct.
No question about it.
I'm going to give the audience the public greater choices.
How are you people, kid man?
See, like Father like son, Michael Powell, another sell out, another phony, Chairman of the
FCC son of Colin Powell.
See, Colin, I'll tell you one thing about him.
He at least put on a good act.
You know what I'm saying for years, oh, well, he's not one of these right-wing fanatics
and he's above the fray and he doesn't agree with Rumsfeld on this whole aracting and
he's not a hawk and he's not part of this, you know, all the chicken hawk deal because
he was actually a military guy.
Well, guess what?
I guess you lied.
You lied and lied to his teeth.
A week before he went to the UN, we're all in maps and pictures.
He was saying, I'm not going to read this volshmit.
Remember that?
He was quoted directly.
Right.
And then evidently somebody made him an offer he couldn't refuse and said, well, guess
what?
You'll read it.
Oh, okay.
Does he have a brother who wears a hampersie and a red ball on top?
Yes.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQIM.
Michael, Michael motorcycle.
Keep saying it, baby.
Michael, Michael, he'll be everywhere.
He'll be in your damn...
Colossomy bag, like I said.
I think they should try that Monday at Pompanopark.
Don't you want to think I have to lose?
Money.
With every free spaghetti dinner, a de-quark-colossomy bag working to hide all the goods you're
going to steal, all the silverware, the sweet and low.
If they had done that at Pompanopark, they might still be in business.
On you old farts, let me tell you, you're not fooling me for a second.
You robbing, thieving, grave robbers, stealing all that crap, put every deliant town out of
business.
Just better hope that Wesley Clark keeps coming back to town to draw a crowd.
Hey, general Clark, we're going to kick off your campaign at the Rascal House.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
Speaking of humontosh, do you like to waste bokeh?
Everybody in the world now is either on the Atkins or their criticizing it or their...
But they're talking about it.
There's that article we got today about how other group of people saying, oh, it's going
to kill you.
But the bottom line, like I said, is everybody is on the low carb diet because they realize
that we find carbohydrates be bad and they will kill you.
Too many of them, especially if you're like borderline diabetic or diabetic already,
like some of us.
At Delights of West Boko, you'll find everything you're looking forward with some taste to
keep you on your low carb diet no matter what it is.
Over a thousand low carb products like breads and bagels, muffins and cheesecakes, chocolates,
brownies, pasta sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchups, that delicious carbolite ice cream,
and lots of new things like control carb brownies and seven flavors.
Just chocolate vanilla egg creams, the Flaxo meal granola.
Judy's low carb peanut brittle, individual sized cheesecakes and four flavors are delicious.
Cup of soup, it makes a real quick easy meal.
Just pop it into microwave with water.
Champion light drinks are back in five delicious flavors and La Nuba jams and seven gourmet
flavors just jam on it.
So if you really want to find some tasty and great neat stuff that you're going to enjoy,
give you a little bit of taste, put a smile on your puts.
This is the story.
You can do it.
And of course, at Delights you can try anything in the store before you buy it.
They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10.
All the Atkins brand products are in sale today.
Tomorrow next, Sukus and every day after lights.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market
in prestigious Boka.
Column Tool free at 1-877 Low carb.
That's with a W or on the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
That's also with a W.
Delights, why spoke of your official Atkins retail center.
My life and locals, this is 440560, UA-2AM.
This year, ringing the holiday season with a voice that rings as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a macy grey Christmas.
I'll be around.
I'll spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill,
spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill,
spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill, spread a hill,
and navigate the way.
On a macy grey Christmas, macy sings all her eul times favorites like
Hide the Track, eat the Book
and this indipsis could be here.
Look at thisfrst.
Get even higher, come on!
Oh, Macy Gray Christmas.
Oh, Macy Gray Christmas is available at your local can.
1119 at 560 WDQYM, Happy Friday too.
We got Curtis Stevenson, Philanon for the Mad Dog,
that they decided to give Mendes today off
because he did so brilliantly our podiums today
is the role model of the century for all your sons.
Jim Mandage, old number eight years.
I think he's gonna go role model this afternoon.
Is he really?
He's rolling a whole bunch of models.
Hank Goldberg, four to seven, a Humber.
What's happening?
They want that show five to six.
I think we only got a two-hour gig.
And we got the Panther preview with seven.
The trashers at the Panthers, seven to thirty.
And I'd the Panthers who of course are in a coma.
Rick, who put the a dud and Dudley.
Nice going, Rick.
But anyway, go out there and enjoy yourself
because it's Jigsmeek Donald's 3,010 HL Broadcast.
I just said it only moments ago.
He can't say it too often, can you?
Just a piss off guilty who wants his job.
And then also we got the...
The parents said, be sure and tell them about this
because it's the best kept secret in the world.
We got Lubbock, Christian at UM Basketball.
Well, let's start at the same time as the hockey game.
So we decided either we have like side by each in stereo
and each speaker, but since we don't have AM stereo,
we're farming that one out to 1020 on your AMD.
Does anybody have any idea what station that is?
No, I swear it's the one that the call letters are.
I didn't even know there was a 1020 on your AMD.
But anyway, that's where you'll find the UM Basketball game
against Lubbock, Christian,
Eddie K. has the hockey game 1030 right here on the QM
and then 2 to 6 overnight ESPN Raider
because it's cheap and nobody's listening anyway.
And because Mo needs that big lead in on the Monday morning.
560,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
and he ate and teased him for eyes on wireless line.
I'm tempted.
I don't know what I'm going to do or not.
I don't want to get Eric all better
to shape before the weekend.
But I'm tempted to do an intermediary poll
like then between like one and two or I don't know.
About what? Maybe noon and two.
About what?
About the for all situation.
I mean, I know we already did two.
Can we do two?
We did last Thursday and Friday.
But I just think there's another question there
because well, we'll see.
I think we did three because we did the Joe Rosemite.
We've done three.
Would that be out of step?
No.
If I did that?
Yeah.
It would?
Well, good.
And I'd like to do it because I always like to be out of step.
I don't want to be in lockstep.
I don't want to go step for anybody,
including the management of this joint,
which are really they just keep screwing it up and screwing it up.
And I don't like it.
I understand why things happen and how they happen.
Better than a lot of you experts out there.
Maybe you're later thinking, you know what all of them?
You don't know what's going on inside.
But it's just disconcerting the fact that a man who keeps making
all of these mistakes over and over again and screwing a place up.
And he's like the Teflon GM.
Yeah.
How is that possible?
He must have naked pictures of the beesleys
with a billy goat's up in a tree.
Great.
We're talking about.
Yeah.
He's got to have the naked pictures.
Oh, and by the way, I don't know if you heard this yesterday.
Did I mention it on the ear?
The reason we finally found out the reason that we were able to get Tony Blair
to go along with Bush on the war in Iraq on the Iraq attack?
Yeah.
The Bushmeister's had those naked pictures of Prince Charles
with his guilt up in the ear, saying the Butler done it.
I'm telling you.
That's the reason it was a little blackmailer.
The royal family was a little bent out of shape.
That's why he spent so much time with that queen over there.
Here's a call from Timberpine.
Hello?
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
That wasn't that he pushed ahead of the CIA before.
You know, he's highly chained in ways to get things done.
Shady.
You know, that whole family, Sadie.
Slim Shady, yeah.
Put his son in office.
Okay, good.
That was good.
Well, he's just kind of like it's, you know,
he's just sticking out loud.
The stream of unconsciousness, isn't that what they call it?
He's streaming it, man.
287 votes.
It's a lucky break for Bush, all this media frenzy on Michael Jackson's arrest 84 said that.
It's absolutely pathetic, 65.
Pathetic.
I don't give a shmit about it, 52.
The media is sick and eats health badly, 48.
I love every minute of it, only 27, only 9.5%.
At H. Schmuck, he's the king of pop, 11.
And as a result of him being here, look at this, ABC News.
Greatly outraged.
Setting the stage for what could be one of the most sensational celebrity court cases ever.
See, this, this is what America has become.
Now I totally this started with OJ.
And now with court TV, of course, and the networks will hop in on this as well if they can if they let them.
It's which sensational trial are we following now?
We have all ready forgotten about Gary Condit and Porra.
What the hell was the name?
Sean Relivi.
Everybody's forgotten about that, right?
Yeah, sure.
That's just my, right.
But we go from one to another.
So to answer the guy to quote earlier about how come we're supposed to care about Scott and Lacey Peterson.
Because that's what they got right now, you know, I mean Robert Blake.
Well, it looks like he's going to get off his matter of fact, which I know is going to please you because you said the bitch had to come in.
Bitch had to come in.
So Robert Blake is small potatoes.
It may not even happen.
But they got to have something because they're in the alien thing.
Even though it wasn't a trial per se, it was another sensational story that according to them, it was they could rip everybody up into a frenzy about it and appeal to everybody's emotions.
And we had on the one side a hysterical or cubano in any people who hate everybody who don't speak English on the other side.
And the rational ones of us in the middle realized that didn't amount to a hill of beans.
As the media continue in America telling you folks what you need to know, what you need to be thinking about, what you need to be excited about or at least what they think you want to know.
Because they can capitalize because they're a bunch of horrors, man.
They're a bunch of grave robbers.
And they can get those numbers up. They can zoom the ratings up there.
And it's going to be all Michael all day.
Wouldn't surprise me. I'd like to have control of one of the cable networks.
The Michael Michael motorcycle channel.
All Michael all day.
Here's a lady in four lotterdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Lady caller here.
Yes, man. Three and I can't believe it already.
Yeah, I was just calling about someone and mentioned Soil and Green.
And it wasn't Brewster. And it was your friend and Michael Moore's that started that movie Charlton Heston.
Brewster wasn't in it.
He may have been in it, but Charlton Heston had the starring role.
But Brewster might have been the villain or something.
Right. I saw it so many years ago.
Yeah. Yeah. And Charlton did another movie like that besides the plan of the eighth and Soil and Green.
Another obscure one, futuristic. It was called the Omega man.
Oh, that wasn't that obscure. I mean, it was a.
It was a rip off of a movie that Vincent Price did originally, which would have had a different name.
Omega man was like he was the last one of the last survivors on earth after a nuclear attack.
Yeah, yeah, him and some in a black lake.
Right. After a plague. Whatever it was.
Soil and Green started the Charlton Heston.
You write Lee Taylor Young, Edward G. Robinson, Chuck Connors, Joseph Cotton, Bruce Peters, Paula Kelly, Mike Henry and Whit Bistill.
Bruce Deren wouldn't even in it. Oh, Nora Ernest Borgman.
Nora Ernest, I didn't know where Ernest Borgman was in there.
Yeah, he was thinking of McHale's name.
He was probably thinking of a Carl Maldon. They had the same nose.
Okay. Well, thanks for enjoying the show, Neil.
Thanks. Have a great weekend. Bye-bye.
26th after 11 at 560. You're in neurotic. We don't know what the hell we're doing station QAM.
5 and the local. This is 560.
There ain't you know yours.
You in.
One pill makes you growzy, my friend.
And it also makes you high.
It but one of my housemates gave me.
They made me itchy all the time.
I'm a go-ass world.
Here, show keep you well, supply.
But I'm all.
I'm downing them goofballs and pill-dilly herons.
Bring me to a higher asshole plate.
I can have a groom.
Grump. You're not getting busted.
Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place.
Go-ass will-mouth.
You'll get you some force.
Been a hand from a coach ball.
I'm backed by some of the kids and ready to build those ovens and burns you.
You will.
In other dissenters, friends.
Let's extract the gold out of their teeth and donate the proceeds to the R&C.
And show a life support for our glorious leader.
Go-ass will-mouth.
You'll get you through your show.
Buy pudding large.
The proportion to justify your saving hate.
Out my ass, I'm fucking backwards, my little head friend.
Oh, damn those look me good.
Guys, these go-ass.
Remember what rush limbaugh said.
All drug abusers should be dead.
It's 1132 at 560.
B.C. by any fax and says,
here's something I've found on my word of day calendar, oligarchy.
Definition, government by a few, especially by a small faction of persons or families.
Those making up such a government and second definition is take government by a few persons.
Kind of sounds like the Bushies and Halibut, and he says,
and how about Saudi Arabia sounds like to me too, right?
Kuwait.
I mean, right on the money.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well, I got a real pile here.
Here's some a bad news for you, Parasilton people.
Socialite, Parasilton star of an upcoming Fox reality series,
and inadvertently internet icon is pulling out of her announced interview on the David Letterman late show.
She was who appeared November 26 on the CBS late night show.
The network said, yes, that is spokesman for the show said,
Hilton had been booked as a guest several weeks ago, but,
yes, that morning, a spokesman,
and Dan Clark's communications, the public relations from that represents Parasilton,
said the 20th year old was scrapping all-played media appearances of Robert Hurnoux TV show.
The era of the Hilton fortune co-stars in the upcoming Fox series, The Simple Life,
in which he and Nicole Richie, line over Richie's daughter, lived on a farm for a few weeks,
in two part premier areas, December 2nd and 3rd.
The spokesman said, no slide on Letterman was intended.
He added that Hilton wants to keep a lower profile.
I can't imagine why, because of the extraordinary amount of attention
she's going to receive from her now ubiquitous internet porn video.
She said this week she was embarrassed,
and he merely admitted that a homemade text video she shot three years ago,
with then-boy friend Rick Salomon, who's a lot better looking cheese, by the way,
has been making rounds online.
He's a lot prettier than she is, so she is a nasty, nasty-looking bitch with that pinched nose.
Now maybe some guys find that attractive, I don't know,
because she's got that real thin, skinny, pinched nose like this.
She could use it as like a screwdriver.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to entitle my comments why I couldn't care less about Michael or any of these trials,
and why it doesn't matter.
Go right ahead.
Newsmax, this morning,
interviewed a general, a former general in the Bush administration.
We need to check that article.
It's something like this.
If a weapon of mass destruction is used on America,
that's the Constitution would be toast,
and that there'd be a military government.
Yeah.
I might want to check that article.
I wouldn't read any article on Newsmax.com if you've paid me by the word.
But it's very interesting because this is a bushy.
This is a bush like you're saying.
I understand.
What the next plan is.
I haven't read all the crap.
I know there's a mentality.
If you read the P-N-A-C,
with these Neocons 5...
That is right.
...before September 11th,
when September 11th happened,
where they really kind of needed a Pearl Harbor incident.
That's correct.
Wouldn't you kind of be nodding and going,
mm-hmm, there it is.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, so...
What's there it is?
You know, I'm not exactly a theorist.
I mean, it's not a conspiracy theory if it happens.
Right, I mean.
Mm-hmm.
And I think...
Marshall Law, baby.
Marshall Law, we just suspend the whole Bill of Rights,
the whole Constitution,
and everybody has to go step along.
Hey, the election's looking bad.
You know, I figured by next summer,
they'll drop a little something somewhere along Texas.
So our glorious leader can say,
you know, don't mess with Texas.
And he can be all pious and grieving for his home state.
And you follow in this?
Oh, they're not going to do anything in Texas.
I'll guarantee you that.
How long to co-host?
They'll drop a little something,
kill about 100,000.
They're setting a sub-port.
Could be.
But I think there's something going to happen.
I don't want to be the predictor of doom and gloom.
But I think something may happen before the election.
I put nothing beyond these people.
Yeah, I agree.
Hey, do me a favor.
Ground control.
The major one.
Okay, I love that.
And a great day, Palli.
Okay.
What is that called?
Chinese Space Man.
Chinese Space Man, you're right.
How soon they forget.
I got to hear.
Fine.
I wish one of these you're talking about.
Is it the Bokobryne one or the other one?
As far as I know.
What?
Bokobryne one.
No, we got the other one too.
I'll plan both.
Hey, there you go.
Just to make sure.
Did have the other one.
Don't tell me that I ain't got it.
I'll plan both during the one to two all bits, Howard.
What are you talking about?
Oh, exactly.
Nothing.
Just wishful thinking.
Is that going to be every day?
Or just next Friday, perhaps?
5.670560.
What?
How in 560 on the AT&T line?
I'm just looking for a certain disc.
I'll find it.
I'm not going to play it right now anyway, but I just want to make sure I have it in my hand.
And the disc too.
24 till no.
We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog.
Two to four this afternoon.
And don't like to be two in an hour.
Because we're going to have like him.
Curtis is good.
He's a good guy.
I was his crap.
I mean, nobody else is the mad dog.
But Curtis will do a good job.
Trust me.
Here's a call from on Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, I'm from San Mar.
Yeah, drop dead.
Here's a, what is it?
Little Havana.
Hello.
I'm listening.
You're okay.
Good.
Good for you.
5.670560.
Pretty lame, man.
Some heavy-duty stuff going on.
And pretty weak response.
Very lame.
As usual in South Florida.
Because the middle name of most of these people is, but I'm a little bit like that.
And IQ smaller than their little toe.
Tragic.
We'll take a few more.
And I might just, I got a whole pile of stuff here.
That's a lot more important than.
I'm listening.
You'll sound about that.
You'll measure them all.
And by the way, thanks for listening religiously to the highly rated top rated NeoRodgers
show on 5.670KOM.
All you misfits, all you game players, all you silly people to think that you're very amusing
and very, we don't care because I could pay the same way like I told you a long time ago.
I got a whole different altitude about all of these things.
All of these things.
You know what?
And if you're smart, you'll adopt the same thing.
Oh, yeah.
Here's a call from Tampa.
It says, hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted you to be the first person I called using my new Bernard Broadband phone service.
Right.
Basically what it is, is it's a service for 35 bucks a month to get all your local long distance
including Canada, all the extra features.
You use your home phone and it routes it through the internet.
So I'm calling you on my home phone, but it's right it through the internet.
Well, I'll be damned.
It sounds not too bad.
Not good.
Yeah, it sounds pretty good.
You get all the extra features, especially get a second line where if you have a relative
living in another state, they can get another phone number.
Sounds like you're calling from Temple Terrace.
Yeah.
Also, I've got a new program that I'm able to record you off the internet, download it to an
MP3 file, and then when I get home and go walking at night, I can send it over to my iPod.
Well, don't let anybody over there fight out where you're listening to, man.
We won't be seeing you no more.
Well, you got a lot of fans over here believing in that.
No, I'll bet.
I'll see you with Billy.
Have a great day, Pally.
Thank you.
See ya.
How you like that?
That was a pretty interesting one, didn't it?
No.
I was hoping he was going to say cable.
I thought that was marginally interesting, not?
For Tampa.
No, I mean, he's very excited about it.
I don't think anybody else cares.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We asked today, I'm going to change the bullet noon.
I'm not going to tell you what it is yet.
Okay.
No, I am.
And the people say, well, you already took three pulls about that holding, and probably maybe
management will feel the same way.
No, I don't think it's over.
I mean, as far as the angst, I think there's a lot of anger and pissed off it is.
And this is nothing against your roads, because we love Joe, and we certainly pray.
Pray that he's in there permanently.
This business of, well, you know, the lineup keeps changing like people change their underwear,
like once every couple of weeks.
That's not acceptable.
And that last guy just say that in Tampa, they change their underwear every two or three
weeks Saturday.
What do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson and Wes were asked it on this
first pool?
327 votes, not bad.
It's a lucky break for Bush 98, and obviously it's the diversion.
Perversion is the diversion.
It's absolutely pathetic.
69.
Look at that.
I don't give a shit about it.
59.
Media sick and eats how badly 58.
I love every minute of it.
And hey, Schmuck, he's the king of pop 13.
And he is, any?
Yeah, he said so.
They're doing this story yesterday, and this dumb bitch, I wish I knew what her name was.
The same one that was like falling apart of the seams when your main started like bitching
her out.
And she says, oh, and there he is now.
There's the king of pop.
And I thought to myself, this is an accused child molester.
You stupid bitch.
You crazy slut.
What the hell are you doing on there when he's certainly not news network?
The king of pop.
Yeah, pop this bitch.
I'm a bitch in the world.
We are sports radio 560, QAM.
Miami town at 560,
I'm a movie.
WQA.
Ground cut short to me, the one.
Ground cut short to me, the one.
Ground cut short to me, the one.
Ground time over, all the dinner now.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Come and pick it up. Yeah, I mean, so the back door. Yeah, this is made a wonderful, wonderful, I'm not a few complaints How the heck I suppose to be the one who can't talk in the appraisal school you fool?
Oh, what's this? Why you don't give me my surprise card? No, my surprise card. So put on the meat again. Oh boy, this is gonna be real bad fight. You laugh out my pork fry race. What are you thinking? I'll tell you one thing anybody in America doesn't have a drawer full of mustard packet.
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough
I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy sauce. I can't take enough soy sauce. I can't have enough soy
because that's all stuff from the newspaper.
In the morning we're bossing them
to our common updates consistently,
like some other ones.
Attorney General of Massachusetts
suggested Bill same-sex benefits without marriage.
Attorney General Thomas F. Riley said yesterday
he believes the Supreme Court Judicial Courts'
decision on game marriage does not require
the state to issue traditional marriage licenses
to gate couples and suggested legislature should test
the ruling with a bill that offers same-sex couples
full protection and benefits without allowing them to marry.
You know something, I have no problem with that.
Oh, genius, what a sell-out you faggot.
Yeah, well what's the problem with that?
Isn't that really what supposedly people are looking for?
What's the difference?
What's what's in a name?
What's in a name?
That's my point.
What difference is to make what they call a difference being
that it takes away a big part of the argument
from all these religions and goody to all the institutes
and marriage for 3000 years, all of that crap boil
and don't call it that, call something else,
but legally you want everything you want, right?
Right?
I think it's a fine compromise.
I think that some of these people,
everybody should have exactly the same rights,
but are pushing a little bit too much at the wrong time,
right people with a selection coming up,
and that's the last thing we need to do is
Schmidt can some democratic candidate
and put him not gonna catch 22,
so that he has to like, ain't gonna happen.
Better not have a campaign to make it illegal
for heteros to get married.
Which probably be doing most of them a big favor, George.
Yeah.
In his first comments on the historic opinion,
Riley said the ruling was vague.
And whether Governor Romney and lawmakers
can propose an alternative to civil marriage,
he suggested the legislature and the governor approve
a measure and then seek the court's feedback
before the justice is 180 days stay
on the judgment expires in May.
In other words, let's such a flow to travel alone,
or let's just float, you know?
I know a lot of people like that, let's just float.
On speaking of stuff along those same lines,
archdiocese have since today fine
for covering up sex abuse,
picking up molesters and protesters.
The archdiocese have since then had a pleaded no contest yesterday.
The charges have finally been told
authorities about sex abuse allegations against priests
becoming just the third Roman Catholic diocese
to strike a deal with prosecutors in a criminal investigation.
How do you like that?
They're striking a deal.
There's no fact in the church.
Course not.
Hamilton County, please judge Richard Niehaus,
who makes him great chocolates, by the way.
Find the archdiocese 10 grand and five minutes to mean
or comes, they can pick that up in one Sunday, easy.
In the plate, 10 grand.
With Archbishop Daniel Polarcik representing the church,
prosecutor Mike Allen read the five counts
that fate had to report a felony allowed in court,
each regarded an institutional knowledge
that certain felony sex crimes involving minors occurred,
asked by the judge if he understood the implications
of the plea agreement Polarcik replied,
yes, sir, I do.
I do.
I guess he thought he was getting married.
Not yet.
Later at a news conference,
the archbishop apologized to abuse victims, adding,
I'm taking full responsibility for certain acts
that occurred some time ago.
Instances of child abuse that should have been reported
to civil authorities were apparently not reported.
Right.
How do you like that?
The no contest please, not in the mission of guilty,
since now they are size, he's acknowledged no wrongdoing,
of course, but means that the defendant will not fight
the charges.
Allen said under the agreement,
the archdiocese will instigate reporting safeguards,
even stronger than those required by Ohio law,
the archdiocese will establish a $3 million fund.
They could use that money to bail out Michael.
A $3 million fund of common state abuse victims,
even those who cannot sue because of the statute
of limitations has perspired.
So there you go.
Airby where you look, it's all over the place.
Let me say in, if 1% of the crap is really coming out,
that's a lot, right?
Right.
If 1% of all of this skull duggery,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 were changing the pool at noon,
it's gonna be a tense one.
I'm not.
I am not.
This is 420, 560.
You are, I'm not.
Uh-huh, this is Pope John Paul Lin.
And if he asked me,
the only thing more fun than playing
Grandass with this Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Oh.
[ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [
I'm a copie, pee, pee, pee,
kill the melon, chill,
I'll have birthing, you know,
Calcium, Ron and G.E.
Oh!
Northrop and Ron, M.C.I.
World Tom Fagoran,
Fox, KLR and Jeremy Kee.
Can love brown and root,
Carlisle and the Rendon Group,
Murder, Doc, Fox, News and Reuters,
some young bulls.
Choice point democracy by gated based technologies,
Chuck Bagel's die bold,
blocking out your bulls.
Oh!
George Bush is a liar,
uh-huh.
Expo 9-11 for a global empire.
George Bush is a liar,
and can pee the oven elect,
get by house oxygen,
fire.
Dick Cheney will pull wits,
Richard Perlin,
the other Dick Andrew Card,
Carl Robyn,
Mark Racktick,
Kiko.
Heal Bush, get pushed,
George P and Daddy Bush,
Preston and Columban,
though well not to mention,
Marvin?
Traitor Bob Novak,
Stapsy I.A. in the fact,
Brunsville says,
all is well and other soldiers die.
Oh!
Outspoken Democrat,
in the mail they get and track,
Carnahan,
well,
Stone dead before their time.
George Bush is a liar,
like all is corporate,
me,
oh, come with that,
see hard on,
George Bush is a liar,
and the sinister media,
as you will be,
then,
George Bush is a liar,
the song is something
that'll never get
on your channel,
George Bush is a liar,
the traitor and the deity
in a criminal piece,
is sh**,
George Bush is a liar,
why,
why,
why,
why,
you're,
promo 2 at 560 WDQM,
okay, let's give her this pool,
what do you think of the media
frenzy on a Michael Jackson arrest,
we got 388,
10888 votes,
it's a lucky break for Bush,
123,
it's absolutely pathetic 80,
the media is sick and eats
hell badly, 71,
I don't give a sh** about it,
65,
I love every minute of it,
34,
and H. Buck,
he's the king of pop,
15,
I've nearly 400 votes,
okay, let's change it,
put that other lines for L-Pool on,
this will be the last ever for L-Pool,
anything?
Nope.
Unless we do another one.
Jaime Herald says,
and guess who wrote part of this article
in the Herald on their website?
L. E. Brecker,
huh?
More arrests made over nitensins,
Ed Fida, everything's quiet and calm.
Police arrested 19 protesters
who were I bringing to at least 160,
the number of people arrested
in connection with protests
against the free trade talks
that concluded early,
late Thursday and downtown,
Jaime, they said,
let's get out of here.
Several protest groups
planned additional demonstrations today,
but the main event,
a March schedule to begin at 10 o'clock
this morning from the Miami Arena,
apparently evaporated.
Speaking of the Miami Arena,
did you even know that we have
a minor league hockey team plan there?
No.
Nobody else does either, huh?
Yeah.
The amenities?
Yes, sir.
Well, how many people are going to those games?
About 30 minutes.
Seriously, the only reason I knew that
is because when we went to the
lightning panther game,
a couple of weeks ago,
somebody was telling me about it.
I mean, how many people really
can be going to those games?
Let me go.
I'm yet to go to one at that.
Do you know anybody who has gone to one?
The previous eight to 10 guy was doing
life spots for them.
Did he go to one of the games?
That can't be.
I don't know.
No, probably not.
I mean,
listen, there's nothing wrong with minor league hockey,
but the fact is we can't draw anybody for NHL hockey.
Of course, when you already got a minor league team,
why can't you have two minor league teams in the same market?
Anyway, 5,000 people have been expected
for that parade this morning.
Only, yes, sir.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Guess how many people showed up?
Bander, I'll give you a clue.
Count these people.
You, Miguel and yours truly.
Great.
Three.
Only three people showed up and they were out
numbered by reporters and photographers.
It reminds me that scene that day on the
corner outside the INS building 79th and BISC game.
Remember that?
Oh, and there's this tremendous,
and the Channel 7 was hyperventilating,
and it was nobody there.
We were like about 10 people.
Only three showed up for the big parade,
the March.
This is ridiculous at Rob Board,
21 who joined two friends in the 6-hour drive from Gainesville.
I wanted to find the demonstration cancelled
because there was no no demonstrators.
About 50 protesters gathered at North Miami Avenue
in 23rd Street.
About 100 police officers mobilized nearby.
I think they might have had about a little bit of a reaction.
But most of the city was tranquil.
This morning is a strong police presence remain evident,
though not as evident as had been the case yesterday,
because they didn't need.
Everything's back pretty much to normal.
Everything is fine.
Safe to come home now.
The coast is clear.
A clear.
Don't forget, George, this afternoon, 3-5.
Hello, all our best and the old goodies.
We got 41,311.
We got a long way to go, man.
Best and the old merchandise, other prizes at 4-Large-Dale Harley
on Federal Highway, just out the open park, Board.
Free food from Atlantic City subs and Dickensider as well.
And 4-6 this afternoon, Miguel will be in the other van
at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep at 2100 North State Road 7.
Stop by there to win prizes and enjoy free food again
from Atlantic City subs,
where I were mixed with the difference
and insist that Bureen really is a miserable nasty bitch.
Well, he didn't use that.
He used said something we can't say on here.
Okay, let's see.
Since WQM fired Scott Farrell,
I don't know what to say.
I don't know.
I'll just vote for something.
Okay.
Okay.
Actually, it'll be honest, because I'm not the 5-6-7-0, 5-60,
pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
Now, what happened to this vassed audience
of ours during the break there at noon?
During the cross-erols, they all been waiting.
You know, lunchtime, the microwave dinged.
Okay.
Well, we have a smattering of votes just
came in as soon as that.
About 15 votes in an instant.
I'm listening to QAM Less, 6.
I couldn't care less for.
I'm listening to QAM about the same 3.
I'm listening to QAM more, 1.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off from far enough, 1.
This is the early returns.
This poll will be on it'll, too.
So if you see, one thing we failed to realize is that
a very high percentage of the audience, either A,
doesn't have a PC, B, you don't have access to one,
or three, they don't have one where they are
when the show is on.
See?
Right.
And we should recognize those people and say,
cheap, skate, slipper, go to the library.
No, I'm not sure.
So a lot of people either don't have one.
Maybe they don't want one.
Maybe they don't want a freaking computer.
Well, there are animals anyway.
So let them lose their bulls.
No, seriously, that's what they said when they're
marlins.
Let them lose their bulls.
But we'll see what happens here.
And it's because it's a two that we'll put on it one
for the weekend about the demographic poll.
What are you?
Are you alive, dead, etc?
Because I have a feeling, man.
I could be wrong.
And of course, people maybe that have bailed out
and are pissed off and like standing on top of tall buildings
ready to commit suicide.
They're not going to vote on here.
We're not going to know about them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And you know, all you people, I realize it's the
politically correct thing to say, especially in this audience.
Because our audience is supposedly more, I don't know,
like, and interested in what's happening in a world
and politically involved, and, etc.
So it's not politically correct to say,
oh, I'm just wrapped up with this whole Michael Jackson thing.
And I'm going to be watching every minute of it.
And people aren't going to say that.
But you know what?
I know.
They will.
Just like the OJ thing.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thanks to you, the call, Dr..
Thanks for having me.
I'm Reid in here from the Harold.
A few pages away from the Paris Hilton article.
Yes.
Real quick, two paragraphs.
Bear with me.
The sublime, the headline is House Committee
Rips Protection of Mob.
A House Committee concluded Thursday
that FBI shielded from prosecutors known killers
and other criminals from a huge informant
to investigate organized crime.
The skating report also filed with the FBI
attempted to impede different regional investigations
along when it scandaled.
Committee further concluded that there's not enough evidence
to find that former University of Massachusetts
president William Bolger used his political authority
to punish those who investigated his brother.
Mob boss James Whitty Whitey Bolger,
who was signed 21 murders.
I'll hang up a listen to make one more comment.
Neil, please go on vacation.
I rather listen to reruns of the two to eight show
with Joan Martin and George.
Thank you very much.
Feel the love, George.
I'm feeling it.
Feel the love smelling.
Totally uncalled for, totally unnecessary.
I mean, I was still a moderately interesting article.
I was not assimilating.
Well, I'm not with the music behind it.
Oh, that, yeah.
And it killed about a minute and a half.
But he hates you like poison is what he was trying to say.
Why don't you just say I hate George and you should only die
something like that?
It would be, well, I would have been vicious, you know?
Whatever.
5670560, 560 on the AT&T.
We don't have anybody out there who has an opinion.
I realize we haven't had even a rainman.
You have much less a trial.
But nobody's got an opinion on this thing.
Yesterday, which I don't understand.
How is that possible?
You, we know that you believe it or you don't believe it
or you're going to use something.
Because that's the way the public operates.
You already make up your mind before anybody testifies
or they even say there is going to be a trial
or any of these things.
I know that.
Okay, here come the votes on this pool here now.
Let's see if anybody's pissed off and worked up.
43 votes.
The last ever for real pool,
unless we change our mind.
Since QAM fired Scott Farrell,
I'm listening to QAM about the same 13.
I'm listening to QAM Less 12.
I couldn't care less than nine.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up eight.
And I'm listening to QAM more.
One.
No, I'm listening to QAM more.
One.
And I think that was a clearance of Ode to that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Nils.
We'd like to hear a tie Tony.
Could you please play that?
No, of course not.
We'd like to hear a tie Tony.
We're not doing requests now, Jackass.
We're having a very intellectual,
a pseudo-electual discussion about the important issues of our times,
like Michael Jackson's nose and things like that.
You simple to knew.
We'll play it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
It's just, I don't know, there's nothing to say.
There's just nothing to say.
Talk about a vast wasteland.
That's South Florida.
You know, you've you've ever flown over the Everglades?
I'm sure you have.
Yes, I have.
When you fly like the Tampa River.
There are a lot of times when you fly in from anywhere.
And they hit the hill.
They hit the hill.
And they go over the Everglades before they landed at MIA.
And you look down there and you say,
this is like, I don't know, like an outdoor toilet.
There's just nothing here but like,
mush and mush and muck, you know?
Big empty swamp.
A big swamp.
I bet you will hear a lot of people calling in about those Miami Manatees.
What do you think?
Come on.
Here's a cranking for Lauderdale.
Hello.
It's not a crank call.
That's what it says here.
It's a, it's just called to say,
what did we were used to say all the time?
We'll go booga.
No, that was the other guy.
Yeah, that was the other guy.
It's not a crank call though.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Now here's one that says an Air Force base somewhere.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One time, listen to from down south Florida up here now.
The leftos panhandle of north Florida.
I'm so sorry.
It's really depressing.
Put an A case.
I'm sniffing some funny with this Jaco deal at this point.
You know, the new governor rushed what's a Nazis in there.
And I think he might be in a little lock-poken,
smoking with the police department now.
And a little diversionary action on the part of the White House
after they're talked before he went up.
No, they don't want to.
They've been holding this thing back.
They said for 14 weeks and then they said because of a Halloween out.
Keep in mind and somebody mentioned this on one of the talking head
networks yesterday.
If he really is such a danger and was a threat to
molest more children or whatever was going on,
how come they waited 14 weeks through a hall of Zans in?
Exactly.
And who paid a visit to the White House just about two weeks ago,
or you know, when you got an, right before you got inaugurated.
The open fewer.
The open fewer.
Yeah, definitely.
Definitely.
Well, Neil was nice talking here.
I got you on the internet up here and there's some people on the base
actually listen to you through the internet.
Thank the Lord for them.
Have a good one, Palli.
Okay.
And get out of there soon.
1213 at 560 QAM.
Why?
Why?
In the local area.
We're sports video 560 QAM.
QAM.
Hello.
I'm Tommy from Pai Tommy saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
And long as you're not black,
come on down to Thai Tommy or South Beach.
We know like black people.
They don't keep wells.
Besides, why black people are too eat Thai food anyway?
We're not have fried chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait.
I forget.
We have spare ribs.
No, Ching.
I talk.
What has been with the menu?
It's a button.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Thai Tommy.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people.
We know like them either.
Should they keep food?
But they talk too loud with funny lips.
They stop all the customers.
No comeback.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it,
laddy people,
you make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect you table.
We give to someone else already.
Laddy people always late.
No black, no gay, no laddy in Thai Tommy.
And Jewish people,
you stop figuring all of them.
Who cares who have what?
Pay with the angle.
Set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try and divide up bills.
We know what you hear.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people,
you think you better than everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your eyes.
You're not come back.
No white, no black.
No Jew, no laddy in our store.
Gays, everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to Thai Tommy,
on the beach.
Hurry before we have to close.
Just got hungry for tinks, honey.
Like that.
I think I know where I'm going for lunch.
12.19 at 5.60 WQM 97 votes already.
You see, I really believe this.
Now call me crazy.
You're crazy.
I were, are you right?
But I think that this radio station
is taking a gigantic hit in just a few days.
I could be wrong.
I hope I'm wrong.
Although you know, quite frankly,
we could pay the same regardless.
Whether we have a,
yeah, then the bonus money.
But I just think that this may be the straw
that Broke Greg reads a sack.
You know what I mean?
Bracken.
Broly-ac.
No, you can't feel it.
I just, I call me paranoid.
Call me paranoid.
It's not helpful.
What?
This musical morning.
Oh, no, don't soft pedal this.
Musical chairs in radio is like a death now, man.
It's like a death wish.
Just as Charles Bronson.
I'll look at it one more.
I'm just understating it for sarcasm.
Well, it's just a very sad, Greg.
I keep begging, begging, do something.
And even now we're still like,
well, you know, Joe Rose is penciled in
because he's got to talk to the people
of Channel 6 and he's got to ask Greg
Minervini for permission.
And then Tony Cigaretteau.
He's got a Lectonese kneecaps, you know.
By the way, Tony, you're still a silly
coup, man.
You're an idiot.
103 votes.
The since QM fired Scott Ferello.
I'm listening to QAM Less 29.
Listening about the same 23.
I couldn't care less 23.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off
and fired up 19.
And I'm listening to QAM More only nine.
29 less 29 more and 23 about the same.
And of course, you effective in the
pissed off people.
So you know what I'm saying?
Not good.
Not good.
You get bring it in fact.
Where's that facts you sent me in the middle of my pile of stuff here.
Charge refuses to step down the case of brain damage.
One more.
We'll get to that in a minute just in from the Sun.
See one good thing about having my puters sitting right here in the way.
This thing is set up during the breaks.
I can go online and just did a lot of all kinds of good stuff as opposed to in the past.
You know, oh yeah.
Or like he went I was down there during the breaks.
You got people coming in bugging the crap out of you.
Like Miguel, for example.
And I was there for the week is you know, I know he's sitting right there.
But Miguel cut it out.
You were doing it.
Oh, when you saw autographed this way and then all of a sudden I come back.
I play the same comedy bit again because I haven't had time to like, you know, change my disc.
It's good.
You're old because I'm older than one.
You better respect the elders.
Okay.
Something you know something.
Someday you're going to everybody says this, but it's true.
Someday you're going to be old, daughtering fool.
And you're going to say, oh, remember that old Neil Reston piece.
He was right.
You're going to say that.
I don't think that I'm old.
61, 8 old and Florida.
Here it's old.
Here I'm like an old fart.
No, that's right.
That's the one great thing about living in Florida even if you're there a little bit of time
is that you feel like a teenager even if you're 70.
Oh, I'm a spring chicken.
Right, ma?
And by the way, ma, 90s plenty old.
So anyway, here's the spanish.
It says I know that it was partially his fault because he's hard-ass with a huge ego.
He refuses to listen to reason and obviously he has bad business sense.
All of these things are right.
But I have to admit that Scott was extremely entertaining.
Again, right?
And he was local when he went on the air in the market.
I thought it was great.
A fantastic and much more entertaining alternative to Howard Spurm
who has just become another apologist for the Neocons.
I refuse to listen to him ever and ever again.
The same goes for a former local radio personality.
Are you sure?
Joe Rose seems like a nice guy but is just boring sports talk.
And I don't care if it's not his fault.
I love the tape where he rips Moa new one.
Keep it up, Joe.
Don't be fooled.
For else, got a knife in his back courtesy of Moa.
And you're right.
That's the reason now that I have this other information that I'm armed with this other ammo.
Now that I know about Moa, I really believe this.
That if the audience knew other than maybe about a hundred of those chronic sports
lickers and his little core of chronic collars every day, one in Miami and at crowd.
Nobody would listen to that old coup because if they realized just what a
devious backstabbing phony son of a bitch this guy is.
And oh, for else, my friend that I thought you were longer than anybody in this
radio, the building and ever we always, you know, he was delighted.
The day when Scott got canned.
He was dancing on his grave, man.
Because this guy cannot relate to any other human being.
He just don't have it in him.
He's a piece of crap.
Absolutely.
Judge refuses to step down in case of brain damaged woman.
A judge has refused to step down as requested by Governor Jeb Bush in a constitutional battle
over a lot of the laws doctors to reinsert a brainge them in a woman's feeding cube.
Well, guess what they're talking about on CNN?
You know, a not favorable for the defendant.
I've seen very handsome, very good-looking people look terrible in mugshot.
So it's never going to be done.
A bigger part?
Is that done on his talking?
No, he's a dead brother.
An attorney for Bush asked panelists Pasco Circuit Judge W.W.
has been veered to disqualify himself after Beard said at a hearing last week that the law
intruded on Terry Shabo's privacy rights and was presentively unconstitutional.
Shabo has been Michael has offered those arguments his suing Bush to challenge the law.
Beard said yesterday he didn't contest the fact that Bush's motion to disqualify him,
but it didn't reach the legal threshold required to recuse himself.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Meanwhile, another judge issued a ruling yesterday in a separate legal battle over the issue of
Terry Shabo's guardianship, Circuit Judge Crockett Farnail.
I wonder if they call him Davey Crockett Farnail.
Decided no more motions can be found in the guardianship matter.
Until after a third judge, George Greer rules on a disqualification
request by Terry Shabo's parents, Bob and Mary Schindler, no kin to Irv Schindler.
Greer is preserved over the case law.
Oh man, what a mess, huh?
Just pull the tube already and cut the crap.
And here's some good news you're going to like this.
Guess what Michael Jackson is saying to anybody who will listen,
I hate to go back to the game.
What do you say?
Longing Shusty does.
Oh yeah, that's right.
With lavish spending and a 2600 acre range and playground, no, is neverland,
it's easy to overlook Michael Jackson's financial problem.
Longing Shusty does.
The King of Poppa was once known as the richest entertainer in the world with a $750 million
net worth.
Well, that's not even close to Oprah.
Is what I was back then, I guess.
Is heavily in debt and counting on his latest compilation CD number one's
according to a public report.
Don't buy it.
Don't anybody buy it.
He's up to his earlobes.
He's up up to where his nose used to be in debt.
Isn't that great?
Yes it is.
Well, that's a good news.
So don't buy that to CD because you're just helping the sorry molesting ass out.
Here's Poppa, it'll be.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I just want to, you know, I'm reading Jews.
Where's my country?
Right.
Great book.
All your readers.
I want your listeners to.
They should be reading you right now.
Yeah, it's interesting.
I have a very conservative friend who was reading the book and he's
thoroughly enjoying it.
He has, as conservative as he is, he cannot stand the way, you know, the media is just
becoming a one-sided issue and it's really making him sick.
Yeah.
I just want to ask you something.
We're on the poll you had yesterday, you know, about what you feel about Michael Jackson.
I voted that he deserves a fair trial because, you know, regardless of whether I think he's
guilty or whatever.
Right.
Oh, I agree.
Give him a fair trial.
I mean, he's just something we all, yeah, exactly.
I mean, it's something we all deserve because if he doesn't get a trial, then, you know,
he's just going up in the floodgates to, you know, let's keep using the Patriot Act to do this,
this and that.
Yeah.
Really?
Just being about about the Patriot Act for a pedophile.
Yeah.
That sounds good to me.
Right.
Anyway, Neil, enjoying the show is always, you enjoy it.
You're doing a great job.
Keep it up.
Yes, we are.
Have a great weekend.
Thanks.
Okay, bye.
And keep it up, George.
Okay.
Bye.
And look, this is for 30560 way to AM.
Took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station.
Howard David, who I get along with great, I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying
to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
Listen to one on one point five.
Let me see what age group.
One on one point five for Howard.
Maybe one, oh, two point seven.
Some easily listening love music.
So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids.
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's, he's listening.
So just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want,
but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
No.
And I know you've been getting a big hit
on the radio station from everybody else.
But it's over.
Me and you done.
From the producers of American Idol,
comes a heartwarming collection of favorites
interpreted by America's sweetheart,
Terry Shiboh.
And listen to my love.
Listen to my love, sir.
Of course he loves to sing.
Look how she's smiling.
Yeah.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
I don't want to play me up.
I don't want to play me up.
I don't want to play me up.
I don't want to play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Play me up.
Yes, it's Terry Shiboh,
live from room 214c.
Another exploitation available now
from the supplementing press.
I still can't get over how much Terry on that one cut sounds
so much like our friend Eric up there in Orlando when she goes
whew, like that.
So just like you Eric almost as if the same person did them both
could be.
156 votes on a poll already in half an hour.
That is heavy duty, you know what?
I'm telling you,
my personal analization is look at that phone.
There's like a couple of calls under.
Nothing's happening on the show no more.
Remember how hot things were there when the world was here?
We got nothing.
We're talking to ourselves.
We're just playing with it.
156 votes.
Since for all got fired at QA,
which is only a few days I realized,
we might as well take the temperature now.
In other words, when you got the fever in the illness,
that's when you stick to the thermometer in there.
I'm listening to QA, I'm less 44.
I'm listening to QA, I'm about the same amount.
40.
I couldn't care less 36.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 24.
I'm listening to QA more 12.
See?
My personal estimation is that we have lost 30 to 50% of the audience on this radio station.
Of course, the sports nerd shows they can't gauge anything because they always get a lot of calls.
It's the same 100 people.
As Wayne said many years ago, Wayne don't know too much other than how to make money easy.
But other than that, he said,
you know, I don't care about what they say because it's the same 100 assholes and he's right.
Takes one to no one way and you're right.
So they have no shortage.
Well, what do you think about that outside linebacker for the Falcons?
You think that maybe the dolphins ought to go after his ass?
You know, that kind of crap, that kind of grrrr swills.
What are you looking for is swill.
That coma inducing crap.
That is sports talk.
See, I still maintain it out here, but anybody tells me that the recent mad dog has the big numbers.
And the hoppers got the big numbers is because of who they are.
Right.
You can have like a child on it.
You could put the big one on here for like three months and the talking exactly the same crap,
even the way has no idea what he's talking about.
You think he'd have anywhere near the numbers of let's say the mad dog or the hopper?
No.
Of course not.
Of course, absolutely not.
Oh, and speaking of mole when I played that thing with Joe, Joe and mole.
Mojo.
One of the things that he does and all liars do this is he's very clever at not answering the question.
Like remember when he blew the beast off the show,
right?
Shortly after you try to get your ass fired, where did you get in your information?
Yeah, exactly.
So I wanted to answer to my question, why did you get the beast fired?
Where do you get in your information?
Which is not an answer to the question, not even a denial.
It's answering a question with another question, right?
Scumbag.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Anya, how are you?
Pretty good.
A couple of things.
One about a comment you made yesterday, but why President Bush didn't go after
or some of the other, I mean, it's obvious.
He didn't go after him because he needed the boogie man.
So he could rule by fear.
As long as he's still out there.
He still has his warrant.
Terror.
He still has Patriarchs.
Act one, Patriarchs.
Act two.
I'd still like, I'd still love to know how come that we can't find out the names of those
Saudis who financed the terrorists on Iron 11 because the Bush administration classified it.
And I also like to know how come the members of the Bin Laden family where the only ones
allowed to be doing air travel on the day right after 9-11?
How the hell did that happen?
And why aren't the American people screaming for answers to those questions?
Because it's an national security and it's tight for oil and we've got to keep our customers happy
and we don't want to piss too many people off and it's embarrassing to us because it comes out
that maybe we knew something we should have built American people in advance.
It goes back to even the first go or four which was bogus to begin with.
I mean, you remember six days before the invasion, the State Department clearly came out and says
we have no defense with Kuwait.
So that was saying, called the ambassador and he said that problem with Kuwait.
So you gave him the old train and the old way between Nod Nod Nod.
She gave him the green light.
Right.
And then right after he went there, America used that as an excuse
to set up bases in Saudi Arabia.
Boom, you have al-Qaeda creation.
Right.
Now the same thing over again.
Saudi's were pressing America to get our Saudi Arabia.
They figured out okay if we go to Iraq we'll have a new base there and we stay there.
We control the oil if the prices oil goes too much.
We just open the flood gate, we don't have the price of oil.
We don't control whatever we want and we give the contract.
So how the Trump and the Trump?
I'm telling you right now, all of these bush buddies over there,
these bunk butt buddies in Saudi Arabia,
they're the ones that we ought to be bombing into the Stone Age
and they're the ones that we ought to be blowing out of there and put in our own government.
And like you said, hook up the hose to the oil pumps and take over that then come
because that's where they're breeding all of this crap.
That's where they're teaching them that these midrasses would stay embedded in the first place.
They're called the Italian and like that story I had the other day, excuse me.
They're still financing, but not even now.
Look, they have had the Taliban government was only recognized by three government wallwires.
Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Uriah Adam Ermer.
No other government recognized them.
And is it the coincidence that all the money was coming from those three countries
and the military expertise?
And could this data Pakistan is protecting it because a lot of the secret officers
or their secret police is still supporting the law.
You see, when it comes out, I mentioned this many time,
not that anybody cares what I say, but when it's it's a fact that's
indisputable that we gave them $43 million that Colin Powell personally
rewarded the Taliban for being good guys for stopping the popping growing over there.
43 million in cash and that was in May of the same year that 9-11 happened.
Exactly.
And right after 9-11 we were telling everybody how bad guys they weren't
about how they did steal or freight train and how they badly treated the women
and how to have their beards like I'm measuring up.
It is absolutely true because if you recall there was a person who got his assassinated
and the day before his name was Ahmad Shah Masood, the great the after-
Right. That's correct.
He told the United States, listen, there's a trouble coming.
In June of the same year, we believe our Chaitish planning a big attack.
Did they the administration listen?
No, the only reason they supported Taliban at that time because it was anti-Eran
and they fear it's because they are ideologically different.
We could do business with them.
It's all about the enemy of my enemy is my friend and America works that way
and what happens is the souls that we see today that we plan today
comes back and bite our ass years later.
Yeah, I think they're tracing your call.
Right, what's happening?
Hang in there, Pali.
And you want to think about the Michael Jackson thing.
I mean, I don't know whatever you say about the person or whatever.
If somebody in there is a child's life, is a parents responsible?
If I have a kid that put it in front of a rail track,
I might want to convict the guy that was driving the train.
So the parents responsible?
Have a great day, Pali.
All right.
Calm down.
Take a couple of, wow, doggy dollars.
Well then I said that just a minute ago.
What kind of parents, what kind of assholes hand their kid over?
Maybe assholes that they're looking for a lot of money.
Right, or starstruck scum.
Or both of the above or all of the above scum.
185 votes?
Well, that's incredible.
Since QA I'm fired, Scott Farrell, I'm listening to QA I'm less 58,
less, less, less 58.
I'm listening to QA I'm about to say I'm 46.
I couldn't care less, less, less 38.
I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up.
29.
And I'm listening to QA more 14.
14 Greg, we're pretty pissed off of you Greg.
We discussed it with way you handle everything.
Okay, you just keep pumping it up all and pumping it up all.
I guarantee you that it often take it to suit his ass up or the rest of me there.
You're an idiot Greg, let's face it, make no mistake about it.
You just non-compass penis.
You call that a penis?
That's what SCARAN says.
1241 at 560 WQM.
Listen, if you're looking for a place to do your thing,
I'm talking about a great mattress.
Dialometrist is the place to call because when the old mattress is lumpy, you'll know.
Your back will tell you, get up in the morning, you feel like you haven't slept at all.
Your back aches all day if you're a little awful.
When you have a great mattress like the ones you get a dialometrist,
you get a good night's sleep and it'll make a big difference for you.
And a dialometrist, no phony promises, no bait and switch,
just every day on beatable discount prices on the top brand names in the world now,
including stirrings and foster huet.
And when you call 1-800 mattress for dialometrist,
you still get to pick the day and time for your delivery.
Any two-hour window that's convenient for your ass,
seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night, they show up on time,
they take away the crappy old smelly,
betting they set up the brand new one,
norched to charge, and believe you me,
right off the bat, you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night.
Honest sales practices, fantastic,
unbeatable service and everyday low prices,
and that same day delivery and free setup
and removal make it very obvious why dialometrist is ranked number one in the world.
Georgia's sleeping on a dialometrist.
I'm doing it. Miguel is doing it.
Boca Brian's doing it.
Even Fat Boy is doing it.
And what I thought that is,
call dialometrist right now at 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MATTRES,
or check them out online at macriss.com.
That's my life and local.
This is 4-205-60-2-A-M.
Baby launch a couple missiles.
A-H-O!
To our place we know,
and name a madamefella,
whose first name begins with O.
There's one thing we all understand.
Yes.
Alcatel won't be finished
until we blow up Pakistan.
All right.
We could chase and round forever,
with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired,
of jumping through them moves.
You know we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense,
and we'll blow up Pakistan.
And now we need to make a new clear tan.
Are you sure?
Why don't we stop pussyfoot
and blow up Pakistan?
Oh, you know that copy that Todd Dreck has for First Morgan's?
Yeah.
Boom, boom.
We've got a lot of boom booms in there.
Remember boom boom jeffery on my truck at 80's number five?
Sank.
Just like a Titanic.
Sank.
1247 at 560 WDQM.
218 votes on that poll.
Just I don't want to look at it.
By the way speaking of boom boom.
Stockholm.
There's a hatred against the US,
and you have 130,000 American troops sitting.
There's a big target said Hans Blix.
As he leaned forward to make his point about the future of Iraq
and its military occupation,
the borders although guarded are not watertight.
Weapons of mass destruction may not be there,
but conventional weapons are.
And the US doesn't have the capacity to guard it all.
Blix said it.
The outlook is bad.
Blix said it's bleak.
Got it?
Bleak said it's blix.
His time over as T.F.
went weapons inspector.
He has a bone to pick with those who took the US
and Britain to war with Iraq and claims that Baghdad
could wage quick and terrible destruction.
This was the basis upon which the war was sold and justified.
And today I think no one would say Iraq constituted a danger
in the spring of 2003,
said the 75-year-old sweet, the oldest sweet.
Sitting in the Stockholm flat where he's lived for more than 30 years,
how many?
Got third man.
Between assignments,
Blix now watches Iraq and the Middle East from the sidelines,
but he gives notice that far from disappearing in history as a footnote,
his voice will continue to be heard.
First, there's a book he's writing to be called
Weapons of Mass Destruction,
which he says will exume issues in the facts
that some might prefer to remain buried.
Then there's a new commission against weapons of mass destruction
paid for by Sweden and supported by international think tanks
he's putting together in heading.
He says both projects will bear fruit quickly,
but his 70,000-word book should appear first
and sent the record straight about Iraq,
at least from his perspective.
You go, boy.
You go, Hans.
Remember Hans Christian Andersen?
I remember Hansel.
That's what I know fairy tale.
I'll tell you that.
Here's another call from Tampa.
Hello.
Hello, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
On the history channel tonight is the new Nigel Turner men
who killed Kennedy, the guilty men,
which is what time is that on?
APM.
It's the stuff that all the LBJ bush liquors are mad about.
And when you watch this show,
it gives you all the answers.
I mean, it is.
I'm so pissed off about that ABC white wash thing
they had for two hours last night,
when they have not just Canadian Peter Jennings,
they just want to puke.
I'd like to program ABC off my TV set.
This stuff that they show is,
just gives you all the answers.
It's so incredible.
Right down to the fact that the president Johnson called
into the operating room when Oswald was being operated on
in his loud voice, demanding the deathbed confession
be signed by Oswald.
Really?
It is incredible.
It starts at APM, then I don't know the history channel,
and it's the best television you could ever watch.
Well, one good thing about LBJ, man.
Only one I can say that he's dead.
Well, they show that he ended up murdering about eight people.
And it all, it's all categorized.
And the incredible part is the witnesses
and the meticulous details,
which it's explained.
The guy was murdering corporate, as he said himself.
I'm going to tape it for sure.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks very much.
Very much.
History channel eight o'clock tonight,
LBJ, miserable, nasty, rotten son of a bitch,
who wound up with 58,000 American kids coming home in body bags.
See what a thought that we might have learned.
All these assholes always say, well,
he who repeats his mistake,
doesn't, well, how they say,
he who doesn't learn from the past is guaranteed to repeat his mistake.
Some crap like that who said that was that Alfredi Newman said it.
Something like that.
Yeah, who don't know history of doing to repeat it.
Right. There was something like that pretty close.
I think Michael Jackson said that and he's repeating it.
Wouldn't that that song repeating repeating something like that?
Asshole.
And a public man, they're just sucking it up.
They love it and all these people run.
Oh, Michael, Michael, can I shake your hand?
Michael, the glove one, of course.
Because we don't know where the other one's been.
Probably have some little kids.
Right.
Don't speak of that song.
I played yesterday that fisting thing.
Over 100,000 march against Bush and London.
We were all being treated of course to the Michael,
Michael motorcycle, a cycle circus.
And all in planes,
them, Lear, Jeff landing and San Bernardino.
Where was it?
Where was it?
I don't know.
San Bernardino, I think.
About 100,000 protesters marched through London and toured down a mach statue
of visiting President Bush yesterday.
Many of them convinced his policies were to blame for anti-British bombs in Turkey.
Demonstrators of all ages beat drums and blue whistles along a three-mile route that took
them past Parliament and at the end of Downing Street,
where crowds paused a year toward Prime Minister Tony Blair's office.
When they reached Trophogra Square protested as spelled a 20 foot paper mach statue
of Bush and a parody of toppling of a statue of Saddam Hussein
when US troops swept into Baghdad and that staged ceremony.
In its top pocket was a puppet with a greeting Blair face.
Bush and Blair said they were fighting a war against terror to make the world a safer
place for people.
Said Paul Burrow's 38th University lecturer, they haven't done that.
Going out bombing people just give them more reason to hate the West than you are.
Absolutely correction.
Right.
Which everybody with a brain knew that was going to happen and they just keep
poking at Hornets Nest and poking it and then say,
oh, what was luck?
What's going on over here?
All these evil doers are doing evil again.
What a shock.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
One said, sir.
Got your feet.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
All right, buddy, I got a special request for the White House.
Can I can I see it?
Go ahead.
Right wing not see Republican mother f*****.
Okay.
Great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
I think we probably all three hit the magic thing.
And a few more people.
Five of us did.
Oh, good.
Here's the poll so far.
235 votes.
Since QA and fired Scotts for rel,
I'm listening to QA and less 72.
30 and a half percent.
Listening less, Greg.
I'm listening to QA about the same amount of 55,
23 and a half percent.
I couldn't care less.
55, you know less.
Oh, yeah, let's Newman.
23 and a half percent.
Let's backster.
I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up.
35.
Let's listen to QA and more only 18.
Only 18 as opposed to 72.
That ain't too good of a percentage is it there?
No.
Not too good.
Not too promising, Greg.
But wait until you hear our new lineup on Monday.
Here.
Here is Delray B.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how we going?
Pretty good.
So the first time I got to hear a bad word on old one.
That's exciting.
It's a good reason to be calling and get placed on hold, right?
You notice the hill I got about two thirds of it out but never less.
It was so funny.
It shouldn't even be illegal what he said.
Of course not.
The funny thing is that kind of lands it when I was on talk about
corral, you know, it's like the whole thing is a freedom of speech issue.
If you think about it, I mean the whole problem he kept getting into was
with the expatory remark.
Yeah.
Oh no, that was more than that.
I know that was after effect though.
What he said afterwards to management all that.
The bottom line is that that's what started it all.
They asked him to calm it down a little bit.
And if he would have just done that, they would have had it.
Well, see they're asking that.
And I know I'm all fairness because I'm trying to be objective.
You know, I liked him a lot and we had a really good thing going.
But but I'm all fairness.
I mean, you just you just can't go off half cock so to speak and keep just
doing your own thing and tell people to f off.
And expect to stay there.
You know, when you keep having a history of doing that everywhere you go,
what you're going to have also on your resume is like changing your job every few
months and it's sad.
But you know, you're saying you feel like there's something missing?
Well, you know what it is.
The energy level that he brought that carried over into your show.
Right.
I had a cross over the cross over it.
Self was worth a million bucks.
Yeah, it was.
And that's the thing that's missing.
And I think that's what you feel in a little bit of a drop off.
Joe Rose is not the most exciting guy in the world although he's great.
Yeah, Joe is great, but he does a whole different.
Yeah, I'm right.
You know, he's like, you know, at that time in the morning, you know, it's like to go
from for real to Joe Rose.
Yeah, it's like two different worlds.
Like, like, like Emerald would say we're not going to down a few not to.
We're kicking it down.
Yeah, you're taking the spice out of it.
Well, that's all I had to say man.
I was just to do well.
Well said, Polly, have a great weekend.
Yeah, he's right.
And it's not a knock on Joe.
Joe is his own, you know, his does his own thing.
He's excellent.
My rear end.
Okay, kiss this.
Back to him.
But the fact of the matter is it's a we we got to like, I mean, plus it's even
over.
I did supposedly do a sports or let's face it.
He didn't really do a sports.
I mean, that's just that's this window dressing.
We already did.
Yeah, well, that's never going to change those idiots.
But so now we've really got a whole, you know, it's like if you're,
if you're in, let me give you a good analogy.
If you got like a retail store and one day, you're selling, um,
men's clothing, all right.
And the next day, you're selling Chinese artifacts.
It's going to take a while.
It's going to take a long time before the people that came in a matter of how
beautiful the clothing was.
Before the people that were coming to patronize you for that,
they're starting to say, hey, look at all that interesting Chinese artifacts.
You see what I'm saying?
I know.
Man, in other words, Greg, you're an idiot.
But heads, it's the one to do our.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Here's a real gun bomb.
So have a blast.
We're going to shut up.
All up your ass.
We're going to bomb around the block tonight.
We're going to bomb bomb bomb knock out their life.
We're going to bomb.
Around the block tonight.
I think you fixed up the boys.
I'm going to freeze.
102 at 560.
WDQM.
Anyway, I speak out of that.
I've a decision to destroy at least a dozen homes belonging to family members of guerrilla suspects in and around to create was within the rules of war and was approved by the commander of the fourth infantry division and probably by the overall commander for US forces in Iraq.
A spokesman for the division said this week.
Oh, great.
You know who that commander is, don't you?
No.
Rick Sanchez.
The destruction about some military officers acknowledged that the tactic had caused debate over whether it would inflame opposition rather than tamp it down.
One officer referred to the demolitions as unprecedented.
The destruction of homes is a sensitive issue because the tactic resembles a controversial Israeli practice of destroying the houses of families of suicide bombers in the West Bank and Gaza.
The US State Department previously has denounced the Israeli actions.
So in other words, don't do as we do do as we say.
Right.
Hamid Hamoud, a member of the US appointed to greet governing council, condemned the demolitions this week and said the council is considering demonstrations against them.
How could a great state like the United States be so shallow?
He said we're wondering why they stoop to this level.
It's winter and they're putting innocent women and children in the street because we're stupid.
He said the council was informed of the demolitions after the fact it was too late to protest.
What could we do?
What can I do?
Like Al Martino said in the Godfather.
What can I do?
And Rick Sanchez probably slapped him along the side of the head and said, you cannot do like a man.
What's about to go?
Yeah, you think?
Probably.
And Rick also probably told him if you don't watch that I'll run it.
Run you over and you're donkey.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Why the way that guy still dead?
The one where Sanchez ran over in front of a P.B. Park years ago.
Still dead.
255 votes.
Now I forget about a quarter to two.
We'll put that demographic thing on it, which is it's nothing to talk about.
It's just what category you are because we're desperately on this radio station trying to see if maybe Greg Reed didn't chase away about half the audience.
I think he did.
I mean, they'll come back slowly but surely it'll take a few years.
3rd man.
255 votes on a poll so far like I said, it's changing again in midstream 263.
Since WQM fired Scott for well, I'm listening to QA Mless 82.
Not good.
Less, less, less.
I couldn't care less 62.
You see, not Mo but less, not Mo.
Absolutely.
Couldn't care less 62.
I'm listening to QA M about the same, 59, same amount.
Don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up 39 and I'm listening to QA M more, 21, which if my math is correct, it's about a quarter of the other one about listening less.
Not too good.
75 to 25% ratio.
Not good.
80 to 20% ratio.
Bad.
Here's open part.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Scott for all of you.
I've been here about racks and his hangovers.
It was a good show.
You want to hear about parts?
Forget about it.
I think if more people listen to you.
The good thing.
Microsessions should be convicted of felony.
The parents should be convicted of anything and a betting.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
He touched all the bases there.
Home run.
He touched all the bases, right?
First, second and third.
You turn.
Nice going, pal.
What do you say?
I don't know.
Oh, this, by the way, I mentioned a couple of things I mentioned off here.
What that was one of my forgotten outs.
So they're important.
It is crucial.
Oh.
About speaking to Michael Jackson, which I realize is very unusual.
The deal is that I'm not on this one hits album, which is the CD compilation of all his number one hits.
But the previous album.
Yeah.
One of the songs on here.
He did it with our Kelly.
Yeah.
I just mentioned that.
Maybe it's just a coincidence.
Don't you think?
Of course.
You're just one of those.
Marty, in Miami says on a fact, the only difference between Pharrell and Howard Spurma's and Howard's intake revenue.
Far surpassed the FCC finds.
Pharrell tried to pull off a Howard Stern and failed.
The good news is that Pharrell won't quit and eventually will succeed because he's entertaining.
I've been a 10-year Spurma listener to our discoverer for a while.
I think if the station would have stuck it out, oh yeah, Greg likes to stick it up.
And maybe work around some of the things he would say on here.
He'd have been taken and even larger crunchesters during listeners.
This might come back to bite QM in the.
Rackcomb says Marty and Miami.
You're right.
I think it already has.
I can feel it.
It's either my Royal Zerrackton up or else it's this.
I feel like somebody took a big bite out of the old rotten apple.
You're just killing us, Greg.
You're just killing us.
Keep dizzling around.
And again, you the one that started this.
I notice your boyfriend Barry Jackson don't say that.
But you started it with that first team business.
You couldn't leave well enough alone.
I looked you in the eye a hundred times.
Maybe not a hundred, but at least a third man.
I said if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
He'd come in there.
A little bit like that.
You know what that hole in his head?
With his finger deep down in there?
Searching for what the brain used to be.
And he would actually say to me, well, you know, we got to run all the spots.
See, he was pissed off because the guys in the morning,
he used to put all that heat on because the numbers were okay, but not great.
And so while they had all these long ridiculous commercial breaks,
guess who else has long commercial breaks speaking of Howard Spurham?
Okay. He's got probably got the longest commercial breaks in the universe,
which is all the more reason even though we may not like he's show all that much,
which I should own.
But nevertheless, you got to hand it to a man.
The fact that they talk about the loyalty factor?
Boy.
How anybody can stick with a show where they got like 16 and 18-minute commercial.
And I'm not exaggerating.
No.
Commercial breaks go on longer than some shows.
But they stick with it.
They're loyal.
They're obsessed.
They're fanatic.
They like boobies.
Whatever they like.
Dikes.
So that was the big thing with the first team.
Wow.
And so it bothered him that because he knew they were belly.
I couldn't write fully so it was long nine and ten minute breaks on an AM station,
which you just don't do.
But in the meantime, we were making some money on it.
Everything was going along just fine.
Ratings for the station were good.
Everybody was happy.
People got along.
We didn't have no homo-myself.
Absolutely.
You got a loan.
Say that alone speaks volumes.
Was there any problem with Bill Zimford?
No.
We got along great with the mad dog and let the mad dog be mad dog on the broadcast.
Everybody loved that.
Great chemistry.
Was there any problem?
No.
But again, the radio philosophy 101, if it ain't broke, fix it.
Dick with it.
Dittle with it.
And everywhere I've been in this business, I don't care who the hell it was.
If it wasn't broke, they started dicking around with it.
I guess because there's bored, there's nothing else to do.
It's called mess with success.
Remember that?
Sure.
Mess with success.
Things are going great.
Let's screw it up.
But Greg.
Not, they're going too good.
Texas man chokes to death on marijuana.
A man changing a flat tire choked to death on a bag of marijuana he had stuffed down his
throat in an apparent attempt to hide it from the police who stopped to help him.
Nicholas Sandevelle 24 died Wednesday.
Officials run away at first Sandevelle had drugs when they started spotting him on a highway in Corinth about 45 miles northeast of Fort Worth.
Said Corinth police corporal Frank Lot.
Officers went from oh hey, here's someone with a flat tire that he disguised choking.
Lot told the Fort Worth start telegram.
Sandevelle of Tonder was pronounced dead at a hospital cause of death as fixiation due to aspiration of plastic bag.
He was convicted at least three times the marijuana possession and pleaded guilty two years ago to a drunken driving charge.
How do you like that?
So if wasn't for those repressive American pot laws, he probably wouldn't have panicked and stuffed the bag down his
push and he probably still be alive today.
Oh no, he was a scumbag and he deserved that.
That's right scumbag. He deserved it. You're right. I forgot.
5670560.
Pound 560 on EAT&T.
Good news this week baby. Bye bye, Miriam elephant.
Robert County, some good things are happening.
Did you see her new do? I don't know if you got the coverage of it.
No, I did not see her do.
You know she normally has it all.
Does it look like do do?
Yeah, it does.
She normally has a pullback real tight like in a bun.
So it stretches her face no matter here's a shag carpet down over her face.
Really? Yeah, it looks nasty.
Maybe she borrowed it from somebody we know.
Absolutely.
Maybe they go to the same barber.
Now that you mentioned it.
Here's Pember Pine. Hello.
I don't know.
Yes sir.
Hey, all right.
Hey, I want to make a couple comments on this Michael Jackson's the ask-o.
Yes sir. Sounds like Reverend Jones to me.
Sounds like Reverend Jones to me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sad.
Sad.
Because yeah, you know, there's some of these people are always used the same lingo.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Like there's the one guy that calls about, you know, I just want to ask about your itinerary.
If you're going to be in town, they start saying about am I going to do personal appearances?
We're in the same baggy clothes.
That guy.
And then there's that Dennis lunatic who always starts out.
I want to see if you have the courage to let me explain it.
No, it's not a question of courage.
It's a question of are we stupid enough to give you a air time?
And by the way, Reverend Jones.
You're gay.
Yeah, get lost.
And Dick Fimbler still don't want to see your exit, Poppato Park.
Idiot.
Here's a call from Miami.
Now line six for some reason has got some kind of like disease on it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
See what I mean?
Yeah.
You're right.
Going once.
Adin Dva.
Adios.
Are we there?
It's Dostradania.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today, sir?
Doing great.
Great.
Well, first I, one thing I got to say, Scott, I'm a careless, I really hear him or not, so that's my boat.
Okay.
I left to hear you more often on my car, but there's always a problem with AN.
If I'm married, I really get you great, but a lot of times I don't.
Our signal blows.
We got the worst signal in the history of radio.
Yeah, I hear a lot of static, and it's just a little pissed off, because sometimes I really laugh at hard and all of a sudden it'll just go, you know, like, I'll just put a punchline.
I can't like, like that.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And then when you hear that power on your six, you hear that stupid little girl, like, oh, it's that stupid symbol of Nazx, like, don't buy the stock.
Why?
If I hear more static, I hear more static from here, and some old people living down the block in my neighborhood, so I'm like, okay, whatever.
And that's definitely really quick.
It's like, don't people still get, even though when you get to travel, what's on that you do? Sometimes I do lots of work.
It's like, can I tell you in the front of that line, and then you take your shoes off, or if you please do it,
it'll take a lot of time and aggravation.
People would go, why is it so long, and fear sports?
Well, if anyone would just do exactly what they say this was a due, we would have this hassle, and if I go a lot smoother.
Hey, listen, if anybody in front of me does that, I just knock him over. Hey, listen, I'm going to hurry. I'd like to get through here and go back and sit down and relax.
You know, I just knock him down.
Oh, the worst thing is I had someone like last week, I was going to LA, I cut him Miami, and his guy had like a two-sugical arch bag, and right in front of him,
and wait before he's in front of you in the gate, checking in.
And it says this specifically, if you have large vigilers that you can't bring along the plane.
Right.
Because this guy's blind as bad, or he thinks he's the king of the world, so he can bring anything he wants.
And then right at the front, it's what you can't do, how the huge complain, they threw him back.
I mean, congratulations to the people who are here.
Toss his ass off the plane.
In fact, wait until you take off and then toss his ass out.
Have a great weekend, Pellie.
Thanks, Newell.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm tired of the people who come on the planes.
And while we all know it, you know, they're going away for the weekend, and they're carrying like 16 pieces of luggage,
and they're trying to like sneak, and what they do is they pile one on top of the other,
so they're pretending like it's one, you know?
They only allow two pieces of carry on, and they got like 15, but they got them like all jammed together and tied together.
Why?
Why? You know, why?
Because they're obnoxious, stupid, and inconsiderate assholes, that's why.
And then those are the ones that stand in the aisle when they're boarding the plane, people are desperately trying to get them out of the way,
and they're standing because they got to put like 16 different things in the overhead and pull the stuff apart.
Die! Die already, that's all, just like Mo.
Absolutely.
Big news, man.
I mean, really big news now.
Haled Pontiac GMC is now Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Our dear close personal friend Tom Lehman sold the dealership to Lomberto Perez,
who used to play for the Marlins of Auto City Buick Pontiac GMC of Homestead.
Expect the same great-neil deals and customer satisfaction, your custom to his halts,
long-time General Sales Manager, Judo Prieto is still in charge.
Thank goodness for you, Joe, and Lomberto.
And thanks a lot Tom for all the memories.
Stop by Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest for great-neil Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock.
Take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months or save up to $9,000 with rebate and incentives right now.
Don't forget, Neal Deals continue at the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest,
same great location, 134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US-1 across from the Fall Shopping Center,
open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info, still do the same thing, call it, Neal Rogers Neal Deals,
online, it's a toll-free call, 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211.
Don't forget, offer some credit to Provell City to folks at Auto City Pontiac GMC for details.
The new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest, low prices without the high pressure.
We are Sports Radio 5c.
UAM.
9-1-E.
Entertainment Television of Michael Jackson Interview.
Michael, thanks for the interview.
So, I originally thought that the name of your new CD was invisible and it was about your nose.
That story is so crazy. It's one of those tabloids things.
Okay, I'm not about your nose. Let's talk about your...
My penis?
Yeah, that's. How big is that?
Very, very little.
Tonight on E.
Michael, you've been great. Thank you very much.
Hey, I'm going to try to get some nude photos of that Harry Potter kid for you.
I would hope so. I would love that.
118 at 560, WQM, we got the St. Pete Times got a little puller taking today.
Do you think Michael Jackson will be convicted on charges of child molestation?
They got 1131 votes at the St. Pete Times.
618 say yes, that's 55, 513 say no, 45%. That's pretty close right almost on the middle.
How come those 618 say yes? Well, of course, that's Yahoo's over there in the West Coast.
Although St. Pete is a little... I don't know, old people.
But what makes anybody think he's going to be convicted? How is that going to happen?
Because it's going to be the kids' word against his.
And how do you write something like that?
Right?
Maybe they'll do another lineup with photographs.
In addition to which it makes you wonder, oh yeah, we got to see what his penis looks like again.
And even then, I mean, if they were sleeping at the same bed just because he knows what his penis looks like,
doesn't mean he was molesting him.
It's a very hard... to prove that it.
And you wonder what the hell they were looking for when they were doing the search.
Remember a couple days ago before the issue, the arrest warrants, they were scouring and they were in there for hours.
And what were they looking for?
Video tapes.
Because even if they find all kinds of kitty porn and not only those what else, unless they have specific evidence,
I don't think... I mean, what a hell do I know, but it doesn't seem to me it's relevant, you know?
Right.
And especially when he's got that wacko defensive turnie, Mark Garagos, who comes up with all these off-the-wall things like the dog done it or what.
Yeah, he's just an upcase this guy.
He brings in things like from outer space as defense mechanism.
And this thing, of course, immediately, they're going after the family, which is easy pickings because they got a good point.
What kind of a bitch turns her kid over to a well suspected pervert pedophile?
And not an... and forget him even if she didn't believe the pedophile part.
Here's the same guy that hangs his baby over the railing there in Germany.
Oops!
Oh, but here, I have my kid because I see like a pot of money down the line.
Mm-hmm.
Well, it is.
Paul is really depressing me.
I'm almost sorry I took it.
Nothing worse than a bad pool.
312 votes since WQM fired Scott for well.
I'm listening to QM less, a hundred.
A hundred.
I'm listening to QM about the same amount, 73.
I couldn't care less, 73.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up, 43.
And I'm listening to QM more, 23.
100 to 23 on a more or less.
Wow, pretty bad.
Absolutely.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I have no control over my...
Yeah, I know, you know, if your bowels, I know we can get smaller than that.
Right.
Broward, I don't know why we didn't talk about this yesterday because we didn't have time.
What we do that was so important yesterday.
But that's right, I read all that crap from Al Franken's great book.
I apologize again for that.
I apologize.
That was bad.
Ruling, Broward can't exclude Calvary Chapel display from the festival of lights.
Now, the sun-central I believe it was was taking a pool on this this morning.
I might just cruise on it again, you know what?
Can I do that?
No.
Yeah, I can.
Well, no, my computer is fast as lightning as opposed to the piece of crap you got there that I bought.
And it's not the computer, it's the airline.
It's still slower as it, it depends.
It comes and goes.
What a fastly slowing.
Oh, no, this is a wow.
They changed the pool.
They were taking a pool on this thing this morning.
And the majority of people agreed with the ruling.
Oh, sure.
They had Christians have a right to it.
And of course, there was all Christians who cast the votes.
The pool on the sun-central day, a Massachusetts Supreme Court ruling is set to stage for a national debate on whether the law gave marriages.
What's your view?
See, first of all, sun-central, it's not what's your view.
That's wrong.
It's what you take.
It's what you take as intake this in the shove it.
Let's see, I'm in favor of same-sex marriage.
It doesn't pose a threat to our society.
I'm against it.
This sanctity of traditional marriage needs to be preserved and protected.
And a special type of civil union that is not marriage should be created for gays and lesbians.
Okay, I voted.
You can imagine which one.
Look at that.
Lucky, lucky, lucky.
Here comes cookie.
Well, share.
37.3% in the sun-central out of 1700 and plus votes say, I'm in favor of same-sex marriage.
It doesn't pose a threat to our society.
640 be saying that.
615, 35.9% is it?
I'm against it.
The sanctity of traditional marriage needs to be preserved and protected.
And 26.8% say a special type of civil union that is not marriage should be created for gays and lesbians.
So if you add the 37.3 to 26.8, it comes out to like 64.1%.
What would you call that new kind of civil union?
Farage?
Yeah, Farage.
Quirage.
Steerage?
Quirage for the steerage.
What is it?
It's 64.1%.
I read it in favor of same-sex marriage or civil unions that would grant all the same legal rights.
And 36% if our business would go out there and probably orthodox you would say, I've made no mistake.
Yeah, probably half of them just got divorced this year.
Like you said, and you said it well, you said two things well.
Sturing the hornets nest, I wrote that down on the bottom of my foot just like in the memento.
That's it.
And the other one was, why should anybody care?
What's it to you?
Oh, because God didn't create Adam and Steve and the sanctity of marriage and the morality of the country about you.
Anyway, getting back to this, I apologize again for not using this story yesterday.
A federal judge ruled Wednesday in Fort Lauderdale that Broward County officials cannot exclude a religious theme display with the message Calvary Chappell says Jesus is the reason for the season at the popular holiday festival lights, which opens today.
Jesus is the reason for the season and he's pleasing.
Use a mezen.
US District Judge William J's lock ordered the county to allow the display at the drive through a holiday light show at the trade winds park in coconut Greek Calvary Chappell.
Thank you.
It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas.
My friends won't let me join in any game.
And I can't sing Christmas songs or decorate a Christmas tree or leave water out for root, all because there's something wrong with me.
My people don't believe in Jesus Christ of energy.
I'm a Jew, a lonely Jew, on Christmas.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a lonely Jew.
I can't be married because I need room on Christmas.
Hey little boy, I couldn't help but hear.
You're feeling left out of Christmas cheer.
I've come to see that you shouldn't be sad.
This is the one month that you should be glad.
There's this age to be a Jew on Christmas.
You don't have to deal with the season at all.
You don't have to be on your best behavior or give to charity.
You don't have to go to Grandma's house with your alcoholic family.
And I don't have to deal with something Santa's father and have a greatest candy.
That's right.
You're a Jew.
I'm styling Jew.
It's a good time to be a Jew.
On Christmas.
As a great Chinese philosopher once pointed out many years ago, it's a Goyce de Vell.
134.26 till noon at Attila 2.
Don't say that.
354 votes baby.
Don't forget a quarter of.
Remind me about having Eric change the poll.
Hey Eric, change your poll at quarter of.
We'll put that demographic survey on her.
Which is nothing real exciting.
Even people that haven't got a brain can check in on it.
Just check in on it.
Be up there all weekend long.
We do it once a year.
Just to see if anybody's out there listening.
Not anymore.
Not no more.
Niels Annual Demographic Survey.
We got the ages male under 18, 18, 20, and female, etc.
Females.
How many females we got?
Of course.
Yeah, I wouldn't know.
I mean, you know, we only get like a little tiny fraction of the audience thing.
Goodness on Eric.
Or maybe lately it's the whole audience.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Not that I'm paranoid.
But before I tell you, we've, he really opened up the harness.
That's this time, Greg.
You idiot.
Just keep compounding one mistake after another.
Now, you know, reminds me of what's his name?
What's his name?
They used to play for the dolphins that kept fumbling a ball of time.
What was his name?
Sammy Smith.
354 votes.
I'm listening to QM lessons, Scott Farrell was fired 108.
I'm listening to QM about the same amount, 87.
Couldn't care less 78.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 52.
I'm listening to QM more, 29.
Got those two numbers 108, 29.
Got them?
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm Beach.
Going once.
Underwater.
Are they underwater on West Palm?
Went in to get him flooded out.
Okay, well, when you climb out of the bowl, we'll give us a call.
A lot of open lines.
5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Pretty sad, you know what?
I guess we talked our whole audience to there.
That was it.
Good call, though, today.
You better admit.
Oh, yeah, they were all right.
The latest thing I was beginning.
What?
The ladies in the beginning, then we had that song.
No, no, he had several good calls today.
He of such negativity.
We had a lot of good people to make.
Like, I'm talking about like living and breathing people.
Plus, our usual assortment, you know, speckled, speckled in there with a few idiots, which is what we like.
A few.
Here's West Palm again.
Another line.
Let's see if they're alive.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you saw right about that Jennings thing the other night.
Tragedy.
I mean, and they're all just one-sided luminated type theories, you know.
I want you to get this book by Eric John Phelps.
He implicates the Vatican.
Really?
Yeah, he says that the monopoly of the Jesuits, Federal Reserve Bank, and the Kennedy was circulating
over $4 billion in interest-free United States notes only to be recalled after his burial.
And he was also trying to dismantle this CIA.
He hated the CIA.
And this Eric John Phelps book apologizes to the Kennedy family and everybody.
And he also says, you know, the last one that could have done anything was John Jr., but they killed him too.
And what's the name of this book?
Is it a recent book?
It's called Vatican Assassin.
Okay.
Eric John Phelps said, you know, I could believe it.
After they killed John Jr., you know, because if he became President, he would dig into what was really happening.
Well, no, no, but he was digging in.
I had that story on the other day from the globe, the tabloid that he was obsessed with it and he was digging.
And it said, just when he was getting to the end of the investigation, oops, all of a sudden he died in a plane crash.
Hey George.
George.
Maricone.
All right.
Eric John Phelps.
Yes.
Okay. Thanks a me go.
All right, buddy.
I read the urge.
Maricone.
Yeah.
Who got on?
Get it on.
Okay.
Eric John Phelps Vatican Assassin.
I wrote that down, but I have a habit of I write this stuff down and I schmit can the page I wrote it on.
I say, what the hell I do with that?
And I can't find it.
Okay.
I'm going to go out and get that.
See, I got like a whole bunch of books.
I'm dirty man.
But I got to read.
Maybe I'll just read them on the year.
Now, who's doing this?
Is Miguel putting these calls on hold?
Yes.
Because I noticed he's got crawlgables on seven.
Now, you know what that always is, don't you?
Yes.
Here's crawlgables.
Hello.
At least I was there with a man.
You are faggot.
Yeah, okay.
See, and it always.
How many like real living and breathing people live in crawlgables?
About third man.
And that's it.
The rest, missfits.
No speaking English than that case.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon to you, sir.
Uh, first time, long time.
All right.
Uh, been listening to you for a long time.
And what I'd like to bring across to you is to, uh, if anybody wants to know who the child that Michael Jackson has molested,
he's been on TV with Michael.
It's the kid who said he had cancer and now it's in remission.
Right.
I'm afraid in that special with the British guy.
Yeah, with the Bushier guy.
Right.
Uh, I can't thank you enough for bringing it across.
You turn any other radiation.
It's not as in depth and as meaningful as how you have it.
So we appreciate you being here.
Thank you, sir.
Now with everybody else, what everybody else says also before I go.
Yes.
Uh, is there any way we can get the guy's number who calls you every day and says retired so we can call him and tell him?
No, actually, I kind of enjoy him.
I know, but it just in the same thing.
In fact, he's encouraging me to move that retirement date up a couple of years.
Okay, but you know, Justin just in closing.
Keep it up.
Which is crossing, amigo.
Thank you.
See you.
I'm working on it, trying to keep it up.
About half a mast.
They have pills for that now.
Okay, uh, 20 to two.
I think that is the time to change that pool because otherwise I won't think about it.
Okay.
No, seriously, Erica, when you get around, I don't want to get real pushing because we got almost 400 votes on air.
That's 379.
Here's the final total on this for all pool.
And I promised this is the last for all pool.
We'll take this week.
Since WQM fired Scott for well.
I'm listening to QM less 112.
See, I don't think they understand that when the numbers came out in the trend the other day.
Yeah, in the mornings had a six three and men, which I don't I don't think they ever had a six three and men any trend.
I could be wrong about that, but I was like a humongous number and granted the sports segments on the station all went through the roof.
It was a Marlins month and I might have had something to do with it by I think the crazy bastard was really catching on.
Yeah.
Listening to QM less 112.
Listening to QM about the same amount 97.
I couldn't care less 85.
I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 54.
And I'm listening to QM more 31.
Got those two numbers in your mind.
Got it.
I couldn't 12 on this side 31 on the other side.
Hey, listen folks, if you're looking to replace that tired old nasty carpeting in your home, let me tell you about Laminants or Us a great place.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to a very, very mutual expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminants or Us is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from Perid or Pergo Wilson or Uniflo a quick step.
And all of Laminants or Us flooring is installed by Pergo certified installers to another really good reason to call Laminants or Us is their prices are so low, it'll absolutely knock you on your ass.
You won't believe it right now.
You can get their fall special for just 1495 bucks just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful easy to care for.
Laminant wood flooring positively unbelievable and Laminants or Us will might any legitimate but not for two for free and home estimate call Laminants or Us toll free 1 8777773336.
Laminants or Us nothing could be simpler they make it so easy how to help you say no free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years and years of beautiful easy care.
Laminant wood flooring when in doubt check this out on the cranky old Neil Tordid call Laminants or Us it's a toll free call 1 877773336.
Laminant local your sports radio 560 healing you a m.
Try the you bastards.
Oh what's the problem officer deploy from the vehicle.
If you're God driving without a seatbelt you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now so click it or be shot officers don't like doing this they are only following orders it's for your own protection and the never ending fight against terrorism terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Curving and fighting could be annoying to others so under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
The law.
The law.
146 at 560 by the way.
Well error came up with a great idea although I or pulled it you notice was a little screw up there in the beginning.
No problem.
I did not notice it.
I'm glad it was embarrassing but he got that straight now but anyway he deals annual demographic survey and he's got the acronym there man.
Don't you like that.
So just go on here over the weekend you'll have to like rush on there if I can say that can I say rush and just click it on and let us know if you're alive.
I think you'll find that anybody under the age of like a hundred is gone because they're all pissed off.
But see they're going to take it out on a whole station especially us I don't know why this should be taken out on mode.
Absolutely.
Here's a call from Cooper City hello.
Neil good afternoon.
How are you?
Yes sir.
When is to you?
Actually a very good lead in for my question.
I had a question for you about first of all I think you've been doing this along if you can look at a line light up and know that it's a print call.
I think that you've been you've been on the air too long for that one.
Probably you're right.
Let me ask you two quick questions.
First of all the question about a elephant.
Is that her twin sister that comes in and gets her job there or what?
Yes.
Okay and my next question is what happened with Lushlin?
Well why is that just not talked about the news and I said that I've been saying that to George every morning when we talked before the show and to other people it just disturbs the crap out of me.
The Michael Jackson thing and granted of course you know being a pedophile is a horrendous thing and the frowned upon by everybody plus it's been going on for so long on all the allegations.
But the fact of the matter here's a guy who sets himself up as holier than all the rest of us and always finger pointing and calling all the drug people scumbags not to be in prison.
He turns out to be a junkie of gigantic proportions turns out that even if they don't call it long-during money that he's he's sneaking cash out of the bank in humongous amounts just under 10 grand at a time so we can make his drug purchases.
And it's like nothing ever happened to me not only is the media giving him a free ride generally but then on the day he comes back on the air Monday CNN and all the other every 10 minutes.
Oh Rush returns the air day like it's a free commercial.
Wait a minute you mean he's coming he's getting hired back?
He is hired for all week he's on this week.
You're kidding.
No I'm not kidding.
How is that that someone does when he does get caught get arrested?
I assume he got arrested correct?
No he did not get arrested he went in a rehab the investigation is ongoing he never going to jail.
That is the most weird but now if the gun is killed.
No thanks.
Well in Latin America maybe that's all I can tell you.
Have a good day.
He leans in the right direction that's all way to the right and having to day yourself.
What am I going to tell him I mean the guys on the edge it's sick it's pathetic.
Don't do this don't do your scumbag but if I do well you know I had that back pain I was hooked on painkillers.
Sure anybody's hooked on painkillers they go out and buy like 30,000 oxy-contains and Laura sets them whatever else.
I hillbilly heroines and then start to go deaf from it and make up all kinds of stories about how I go in deaf.
And oh everybody's supposed to feel so sorry for Rush because he's losing his hearing.
Well guess why he was losing his hearing boys and girls because he was poppitating million pills every day.
My life and love this is 4.0 by 6.
You ain't can't wait.
Try the you bastard.
It makes a clever solution that I say whoa.
The trilogy is finally done.
But there should be some residue shown because you know.
Can't be as good as number one.
And there is nothing more may believe that it's up kind of key on new reads.
I guess the one I'm gonna see tonight.
Tonight.
Tonight.
I hope this was my present notion cause you know.
The last one didn't make much sense.
You talk about your converse solutions where you know.
You really stump the audience.
And if there are any good scenes for Laura's wish burn.
I hope there are plenty of cards that overturn.
Boy.
This is the one I'm gonna see.
Tonight.
Tonight.
When's the last time you start Rick James.
Uh, yesterday.
Turn on the CNN right now and take a look at that.
What is it?
What is that?
Oh my God.
There it is.
He's super beginning about Michael listen Michael that and I know the family and they're all wonderful never stole a freight train and they're all ridiculous charges and yada yada yada.
And I didn't really beat up anybody and so on.
Super freaky fat.
He is super freaky man.
He looks like Ricky Williams and drag.
Donnie Washington said that.
That was bad.
Anyway, here's what's going on this afternoon.
Let's raise some more money for a band and pay rest you and cut the crap.
I know this most people are going to wait till whenever later in the day over the weekend with a chance to check in on our website and we'll probably get a couple hundred which will be the whole audience.
Uh, we have no women.
I mean 42 people have clicked in on air and we got let's see four five six six out of 42 women.
See what I mean?
I know.
So not just and all this crap.
Well, you have so many women they all listen to your show bull crap.
That's why they never show up in the book because we don't have any.
Because it's just not fashionable.
It's okay to watch Jerry Springer because that's a really upstanding a very intellectual show.
But listen to the real Roger show.
Oh, no, the untouchable one.
You know, it's coming for purps.
That's right.
You might catch something.
Not only that is at least the very worst stars or maybe scars.
We're start spoken some of them long scars like the ones above you used to use on Monica.
Anyway, three to five.
The staff known little George is going to have our best meal merchandise and other prizes.
And I use the word prizes loosely at four lot of nail Harley located on the federal highway.
Just out the Oakland Park Boulevard food from Atlantic City subs and Dickens cider.
And if that isn't good enough to really get your tonsill tickled four to six to six.
The staff knew the other van will be at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep at 2100 North State Road 7.
Stop by there and see the lovely Miguel when prizes enjoy a sea of the lovely Josh.
And when prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where I or makes the difference.
And it's a good guy because you said durin is a nasty hateful obnoxious bitch with a crappy attitude.
Isn't that what he said that's a per phrasing but go on pretty damn close.
That's the giz of it pretty gosh during close.
By the way, stop it and see tough on the way out.
It's just just this suggestion that ran through my mind there.
And we have 51 people. Let's see.
We got the six.
Oh, see now some woman are going to eight nine. Well, that's not too bad. Yeah.
Does Robert Creeper count as a woman?
Yeah, because he might care vote on her.
Would you just you're like, oh, now, why does this guy got this line down the middle of his eyes?
I don't know. That's a signature.
It says I love the seatbelt build. It's just a belt. It's just hilarious.
I don't know if you were where the next assistant was.
Just like you're some of our representatives in conjunction with the floor of highway.
Brown shirts will introduce a bill amending the seat belt also.
The officer can put you over. We strict your feet or movements simply for not wearing a seat belt.
No, they're moving by like this. Yeah, they've been tried to do that for a long time.
And that is a bunch of crap.
So in other words, if you don't look right, don't have your swastika arm band properly displayed or at least they choose to do it.
If you're wearing a seat belt, you can be pulled over that any other excuse can be conveniently made up to search or ask, etc.
So glad our law enforcement's taken care of every child abuse and murder case so we now can concentrate on the real dangerous people.
Those of us who aren't wearing our seat belts and I'm not and won't and ain't can't.
And I got no car here and I'm not driving. And do I miss it?
No.
I didn't. I'll say it again. When I was there the week.
Yeah.
I got up early Sunday morning went to public to go shopping real early.
When there's nobody on the road out there, especially up I mean West Howard.
And man, I loved it. My car.
I just got in that vent and felt like great.
Other than that the rest of the time when there were all those assholes on the road, I thought to myself, I don't think I'm going to survive any of this.
But I did. So anyway, have a great weekend.
We got a guy Curtis Stevens in his standing by who's going to be big.
In fact, he ought to be on instead of the big.
Oh, he knows his crap.
Mad Dog has the day off. He got the hopper at four and nice going jugs McDonald the trashers of the Panthers 732 night.
Bye, bye, bye.
Send me a bloodshed show on time.
Send me a detailed in QA.
I'm on for learning.
Oh, the f***.
Kiss Curtis, Stevenson.
