get
Mr.
He sure has a
Stunned on the news and what did I see?
There was a man on Abu Dhabi TV,
Who'd be real must do power surprise,
For some federat, he in a perfect disguise.
I keep asking myself and wondering how he survived
When we do every building down, if it's not sadom,
We know we're healthy, either living in Syria
Where he can be free.
Morning at thousand feet since on the whole of that debris.
Just the question left, just the question left,
Is he really dead? Is it dumb dead?
Is he really dead?
No!
Just the question left, just the question left,
Is he really dead? Is it dumb dead?
Is he really dead?
He sure has a Stunned.
He sure has a Stunned.
Maybe he's busy spending part of that billion dollars
That they are siphoned out of the banks to see that?
I saw it this morning.
What's a billion dollars be among friends?
Anyway, 902 or 560 WQM,
We're going to be a pressure pack day.
Let me give the results of yesterday's poll first before we get to anything else.
Kind of a lame poll I thought, but at least it kills him good time.
Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker?
Oh and speaking of that, speaking of Mark Garagos, the anxious one,
This is what happens when you're a professional talking head.
And you go on all the TV news shows,
All the talking head shows, and you just babble a lot of crap.
And I was representing poor what's his name? Scott Peterson.
But come to find out he had been babbling a lot of stuff on the other shows in recent weeks.
And Larry King live just a few weeks before he took the case.
This is a guy who is from day one that helped himself in English.
And this from Fox News channels on the record with Red of Ancestorant.
To be hard pressed to find a prosecutor who couldn't put together an indictment
and went along the conviction. Ouch.
Of course, Garagos has always insisted that Peterson is innocent until proven guilty.
Oh, of course, right.
Of course, but of course there's a nice go on Mark Garagos you asshole.
Anyway, the biggest media attention horror Jesse Jackson, 427.
Al Sharpton, 264.
Haralda Rivera, 213.
Those three were like way, way eons ahead of the others.
Michael, tax 96 and coder 74.
That's skanky bitch.
Ellis Ruben, 43.
Cherry Falwell had only 39, which I find you people better get with it.
You better understand what life is all about.
Do they understand it?
No. They haven't got a clue.
Cherry Falwell only, and we only added him on.
There's an afterthought we forgot about him too.
But once he was under, he should have been hoppin' on him.
Man should have been beaten him on those fat cheeks on his jowls.
Nancy Grace, 33.
Johnny's Cochrane, 30.
Gloria, all red, 29.
Mr. Ego, Steve Kane, 27.
Which is about half his audience.
Mark Garagos had only 19.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Pat Roberts, 11 and Jesse Ventura, 4.
Speak of the Jesse Venturi, you know that show he's going to be doing on MSNBC maybe?
Yeah.
Not looking to good.
Damn it.
They're having real problems.
That's what I read on the Fudge Report.
They're having real production problems with a show and he can't, he just can't last for a whole hour.
Jesse, he just like scored, scored 20 minutes and he's done.
And, you know, not everybody's a talk show host.
It's kind of like QA and they think they can bring anybody off the street.
Poof, you're a talk show host.
Happened everywhere I've ever worked.
Although most of all the other places were like, you know, real radio stations.
I knew what a talk show was all about.
I'm like QA and that's a sports bar with a microphone.
But at any rate, so Jesse may not be on after all.
The first show that they had the, I don't know what it was like, a kind of dry run or whatever.
He'd they had him interviewing soldiers and their wives.
Remember that a couple months ago?
Yeah.
And I thought to myself, that's pretty provocative.
Sure.
Yeah, that's really, that's going to really put them on the map.
And why did you just send me all this stuff?
Looting, looting at Iraq nuclear sites.
Yeah.
US troops encouraged Iraqi looters.
All kinds of really provocative stuff here.
Okay, I'll get to it.
But we got more important fish to fry, especially these movies.
And you know something, I really don't care whether we get as little responses we did yesterday.
Because I myself and worked up into a frenzy.
Or we haven't seen one of the great movies in the history.
Top 10 of all time.
No question about it.
Yeah.
Absolutely not.
It was not bully, okay?
I mean bully the person.
The less, no, I'm just telling you, those are the two I watched.
Now the audience should be very pleased and proud.
Why do I send which osolence squad to winning goal for Anaheim last night for the duck?
As they move down.
And beat Dallas.
Sandwich osolence.
You know the one who's guys wasn't good enough for the Panthers.
He was all done.
I just mentioned that we don't get the Panther fans upset.
And the Flyers.
Oh, Bobby Clark took her right up the old record.
I loved it.
Shut up those obnoxious loudmouthed Flyer fans.
Bye bye, bye boys.
Anyway, enough that hockey stuff.
So yesterday, um, adding to my list of movies that I must see.
And I had a list of three, six, seven.
And I crossed out the seventh one because remember I already saw it.
Don Juan de Marco, with Johnny Depp and Marlon Brand.
I already saw it.
It was very weak.
Very weak.
I give it about maybe three on a scale of 10.
I didn't want to say anything in, uh, jinks.
Why?
I argue with anybody, but because you know, because you never know.
I saw blow and I told you don't waste your time because it blows just because.
See, and this is where I get into a argument with some of you.
I don't want to mention any names, but.
Bully, for example, uh, if I want to see hot young and first of all,
there were a couple of chicks in there that were hot, but the guys were like marginal at best.
I mean, you really had a stretch, so to speak, to make a case where any of them looking good.
And, uh, if you want to go buy a porn movie, there's, there are thousands and thousands of wonderful porn movies with real sex with real hot young
anonymous, who the hell knows who they are.
People, they're out there.
They're everywhere.
They're on the street corners.
They don't have Rachel Minor in people.
But if you want to see, now that was a really, it was a true story, which big deal.
Okay, and it was a Florida connection.
And this is, this is the trailer, Trash and Weston who are living in the real houses instead of trailers.
But I mean, that was just tragic.
I mean, I thought it was just horrible.
And it was just gratuitously violent.
I mean, it was a true story, but it was a grotesque violent.
And then, but I'm open.
That's the end.
You know, like everybody gets panicky and you're all on trial and trial lasts about 20 seconds.
And now they're all on the slammer.
And here's how many years they're going to be.
And if you look on the, uh, on the, you know, the extras on there on the disc, you can see the pictures of the real scumbags.
Mm-hmm.
Thank God they didn't show them having sex.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
What's the one site?
Talk about pornographic.
Now, I thought police sucked.
I hate to say that, but I just thought it was a very marginal.
But the good news is I watched that first.
Yeah.
Good, good plan.
So then, I get into Requiem for a dream with Ellen Burston.
Mm-hmm.
In fact, there's really only four people in a movie of any consequences.
There's other people.
But Ellen Burston, Jared Lido, Jennifer Conley, and Marlon Wands.
And, uh, like I said, one of the greatest movies in the history of mankind.
I seriously hope that kids in gumbo, both of which I have sitting here, I hope that they're not like, uh, the same thing as bully.
Because if they are, I'm going to burn them.
Never saw either one.
Neither one.
Oh, and I thought the beat of boys saw kids.
He did.
I didn't like it so much.
Um, 30, 30, and that's what I got at kids.
Get out of here.
That's what I wanted to talk me into buying it.
No, I did not.
You said it was hot teenagers having sex and getting stoned all day.
Didn't that what he said yesterday?
I think I said, oh, I want to see that.
I think he said it was four stars.
That's what you said.
You said 15 stars on a scale of three you lions, pick.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Oh, now I think I think the five star, five of the stars were from the Cinco de Mayo.
That was the first five of the six stars.
So I got California Memento, which is one of the most bizarre packaging of any, uh, DVD,
your legacy of anything.
It's really bizarre.
And then I got kids in Gumball.
I have those four left to I can watch those the next two days.
Can you imagine him?
I feel my money.
I can spend in the next few months.
Man, you could open up your own video store.
That's right.
Slightly used DVDs.
But this movie here, Requiem for a Dream.
Anybody that hasn't seen it now.
Somebody will probably say, oh, but it was so depressing.
But it got to the point toward the end where she was getting the shock therapy.
Yeah.
It got to the point where I just burst out laughing because you just, it's so frantic and so
frenzy that you finally reach a point where you just crack and you go for psychosis over the
other side.
You can't help laughing because it's so overlaid.
Yeah, you absolutely overload on tension.
Man, what a great movie and what phenomenal acting performances.
And what I started to say is if you want to see a hot movie with hot young, I'll give you
a paradise blue lagoon, return to the blue lagoon.
Now those are erotic movies with at least good looking beautiful people in those movies.
And it was like nobody saw those movies because they were going to be great movies or great
stories.
Right.
Right?
But if you want to see a great movie, get you a, all the great movies I can think of, the movies
I love the most from the Godfathers and networking, a taxi driver and cook who's
next, there were no beautiful people in those movies.
There were no real sex scenes.
Correct.
You know what I mean?
They're the closest to a sex scene in the Godfather was a Santino banging at fat Italian
chick up against the door.
The thing you brought at brains all over you nice, I really soon saw it.
We saw it at the lonies, boobies.
There you go.
So if you want to go see bully, have a really, bully, bully time doing a pedote, account
me out.
They were kind of woolly, weren't they?
Or they didn't show up.
Or you can go on a plane, see a bunch of naked people probably probably the same people
you see in a nudist colony, really ugly.
People that you would beg to put a lot of clothes back on.
True passengers get naked as charter flight takes off from Miami.
When the chartered Boeing 727 reached cruising out, wasn't that the gun that was used to
have a 727, that's right, it's okay.
When the chartered Boeing 727 reached cruising out to do an 87 passengers took off their
seat belts and they removed their clothes.
All right.
The nude flight bill by organizers is the first one of its kind took off Saturday afternoon
from MIA headed for Cancun, Mexico.
Can we say that anymore?
Cancun?
No.
I don't think we can say that.
A Houston travel agency specializing clothing optional getaways organized the trip
passenger's paid $499 for the trip with many heading to Cancun's elderwater resort in
spa for a nude week.
These are professionals who lead very stressful lives and are ready to let it all go said
Dona Daniels, colonel of the Castaway travel agency and in the buff traveler on the inaugural
flight.
They are adventurers and risk takers.
They don't even want clothes as a constraint.
There were limits though, the captain and crew kept their clothes on and no hot coffee
or tea was served for fear of school.
Oh, come on.
Oh, that would be bad to burn your privates on your first on your inaugural nude flight.
So there you go.
That's the kind of crap that's going on.
We got a bunch of people and George asked a salient point before the show this morning.
He was wondering if there was like special covering on the seat.
Right.
Requires.
No, seriously, what is that about a two-hour trip to Cancun?
Okay.
I think it's less than that.
It's not really very far.
But at least an hour, hour and a half.
And you don't want to be like sitting on a seat and a plane that long with your, with
your back on.
S, sweat on the seat.
Right.
Making contact.
Wow.
Even in the colonies, they have the towel requirement before you sit down.
You have to, you know, put a towel down.
Do they really?
That's what I saw in the documentary.
Mm-hmm.
12 minutes ago, I think they had that little Havana too, don't they?
Tows.
12 minutes past nine at five, 60.
Thank you.
Thank you, buddy.
WQA.
You know, Mother's Day is this Sunday and the folks in Vermont, Teddy Bear have been busy
hand making some great new bears.
Your mom, wife and grandmother's are something extra special this year.
Show them just how much you really appreciate it by sending an authentic Vermont, Teddy Bear.
She'll receive a beautiful bear, personalized just for her, and delivered with a free card
and gourmet candy in a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears waiting for you like the spa ma bear, mom's biggest fan or the
new queen for a day bear.
And don't forget that it's your job to get a gift from the kids and mother and come said
is always perfect.
Add as many little cubs as you need with their names embroidered by the Mayovts.
It's a lot more creative and thoughtful than those dying flowers and this one, this gift
will last a lifetime.
So call 1-800-829-Bayer and a friendly bear, council or hup, you tell her a bear, just
for her.
Social know you put some real thought in your gift this year.
You just won't believe the reaction you'll get, maybe you'll even get lucky.
Ordering this quick and easy call 1-800-829-Bayer or shop online at VermontTeddyBayer.com.
This year, thank mom for all she does.
I see it.
And when I'm talking about mom, I was thinking it was maybe for your wife or girlfriend.
Maybe you're good lucky with mom.
Who knows.
This year, thank mom for all she does with the Vermont Teddy bear call 1-800-829-Bayer
and tell them that perverted old Neal, totally to call.
Why in local higher sports video 560s you ain't, you ain't.
Oh, is there anything that guy doesn't know?
This week, got celebrity boxing.
You will quarterly invite a kid, join them.
Sheeran Osborne, Renate now in celebrity boxing.
Everybody's gonna fight.
Call each other last and...
Oh, that's a bunch of mad.
Let's get ready to rock, rock and roll!
That's just calm, f***ing dumb.
That's so annoying.
That's so annoying.
That's so annoying.
Celebrity boxing.
I need you a lot.
I'm kidding.
This is awful.
That's a bunch of mad.
She's not even funny.
916-560 WQM.
So anyway, there was something for everybody's drug problems in that movie.
Requiem for a dream.
I mean, young people goes without saying.
They had some problems, especially that little problem on the arm there, like the hairy head.
Dude, that's a...
Oh, don't stick that.
Not in that.
That thing was...
We're talking about a purple haze.
What is face, what he's looking at, he's like...
Yeah.
That was really something.
Jared Lito, by the way, is pretty interesting guys.
I just mentioned that in passing, so that...
You know...
And what's your name?
Jennifer Conley.
What can be said?
Yeah, what's not to like.
Yeah, they were an interesting...
But you notice, we don't have any gratuitous or even angry-tutous flesh in that movie,
and it's still one of the great movies in history.
If you want to see flesh, get a porn movie.
If you want to see a great movie, get directly in for a dream, or something really good with a great story.
Lady Mary.
But it was so perfect for South Florida, because you got the old Yenthas,
and what was left of Coney Islander, reminded me of the old Miami Beach, before South Beach.
And it was just with all the old Yenthas sitting out there with their lawn chairs.
You notice how they each had to bring their own lawn chair?
And then when she found out she was supposed to be on TV, so she thought,
then she became a real star.
She got to sit right up front.
Right.
And everybody liked her.
When they discovered she was going to be on TV.
So then she started popping the pills to lose the weight so she could put on a red dress.
She went to one of the zillions of diet-pilled doctors, which of course are all over the place.
She went to A physician.
A physician who had the green ones and red ones and more ones and blue ones.
And so she became an old junkie, and of course the meantime the sun was busy doing with everybody else.
It was just, I mean, everything about that.
Right.
The tempo.
The tempo is the pace increased in the movie and the scenes where they kept shooting from one face to another in a round room.
And like, your head was spinning.
Really, there were points as the movie kept wound up, you were getting more and more wound up.
And your head starts spinning like a dreidel.
And like I said, by the time it got to the last, well maybe 10 minutes of the movie where they had her like, you know,
stepped down and then we were doing the shock therapy like in cook business.
Oh, you see, even as depressing as it was.
You still had the laugh, right?
You know, they had a chop his arm off, watching the sedan.
But it's one of them things.
You know, you stick enough needles in your arm and suit earlier.
It's either going to fall off or you're going to croak or both.
So that was just what, what can there be said about that movie?
If we don't get response on that movie at that stage of the game, I just get up and I just walk away, you know.
You believe that?
No.
But it sounds good.
No, seriously, I mean, if there, there've got to be people who saw it.
It's not that old.
It was 91.
Was it, I mean, a 2000 one?
2000 one?
2000 one.
Why, because we're in a new millennium.
So anyway, in honor of the movie, here's my poll question today.
What's your number one addiction?
I guess, I guess we'll have to put on there.
I don't have any for people who lie.
I had, I had one to add.
No, wait a minute.
Put that on there.
I don't have any.
No addictions.
So here's my list so far.
Sex, food.
Now I could have got more specific with somebody.
That's boring.
You know, we could get that like sweet or, you know, I don't want to get all that specific.
We'll have 600 choices on here.
Sex, food.
Cocaine, pot.
Gambling.
Like Bill Bennett.
Oh, Bill Bennett says he's not going to gamble anymore.
You're right.
The near Roger show.
The internet.
I don't have any.
And what's yours?
TV.
Heroin.
Oh, TV.
Yeah.
TV junkies.
Carlos says heroin, his favorite.
Heroin.
Well, we can, you think anybody's going to put down heroin.
Yeah.
Nobody's going to see you.
Huh?
Oh, I understand.
Okay.
Well, Nasty, now what you've done will probably have like 6000 heroin addicts out there.
So I think you can have another.
And of course, having spoken to many of them, it wouldn't surprise me at all.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's all I got.
Well, we could.
We could have another, another drug category for the people that want to be
personality like, you know, for all of the other things.
Execency.
Yes.
Yes.
We can, we can put ecstasy on there.
All right.
I'm not putting opium on it.
Nobody does opium.
Well, regularly.
No.
How about morphine?
Well, of course, in Georgia's case, I don't want to say nobody does anything.
Is George, you know, Georgia's done it all.
In fact, people in the movie yesterday would be a shock to see what goes on every weekend if Georgia's out.
Let's see a flight.
Cancuna by me is on a bad day.
Is 75 minutes around a good day at 60 minutes?
Well, that's what I said hour to an hour and a half is not what I said after I corrected myself.
Yeah, sure.
Well, whatever.
Who gives a crap?
I mean, even it was like 40 minutes.
I mean, sitting bare-ass on a plane seat.
I'd be covering that thing in plastic.
I'd have it hermitically sealed before I left the next asset on it.
That's just my own sort of take.
So why fax this off?
Do you want me to put other drugs on there or not as an all-inclusive category?
No, we don't.
But like what other drugs?
Like acid?
Although they dropped a lot of acid in that movie last night.
Or no, that wasn't the movie they were dropping acid.
It was the other movie was a bully.
Right.
I think all these people that might call up with their favorite miscellaneous drugs.
Oh, they were dropping acid in this movie too.
And then of course the scene every time somebody either took, did any kind of a drug.
No matter what the hell it was, you saw the scene with the montage.
The montage with the, I can't even explain it.
Okay, get this.
Except it always ended with the big eye, the bloodshot eye.
Yeah, it was just amazing.
Even the coffee.
Seriously, stop and think of what went into making that movie.
I didn't have time yesterday to look at all the extras on there, read all the interviews,
and watch all the commentary by the director, Darren Aronofsky.
But I'm going to do that today because that had to be one of the most spectacular efforts to make a movie in history.
Good ideas.
And she was just great Ellen Burston.
If you don't remember Ellen Burston, all your old folk, she was in the exercise to go to play Mommy.
Right.
She's great.
5667-0560, pound 560, only 18 and teen Verizon wireless line WQA.
I'm Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, can I talk to you?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Caffeine.
A bigger pardon?
He's a caffeine.
Okay, caffeine.
Okay, caffeine.
Why do these callers sound like they're in the strainer today?
Of course there's only been one.
Maybe he was in the strainer.
Maybe he's straining through his caffeine.
Okay, caffeine.
That's a good one.
I thought we're going to have a discussion about that movie.
Right away they're doing their one word responses again for the pull.
Let's talk about these movies.
Okay, let's talk about Requiem for a Dream.
No.
Jesus Christ, man.
What a bunch of dead.
I'm so I am so worked up about this and so enthusiastic about having discovered such a phenomenal movie, as depressing as it was.
I mean, they're depressing movies that leave you like, oh, it's you.
Okay, I'm going to blow my brains up and then there's something like this that you feel like you spent and it's not that long of a movie.
There's like an hour 45 something like that.
Mm-hmm.
No, it wasn't.
Yeah, 105 minutes is what?
Yeah, it's 15 minutes.
Try it two hours.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
I'm addicted to sports talk radio.
Yeah.
I don't think he's lying.
Yeah, well, we'll get you some help.
Okay, sir.
We got you some help.
Give him the phone numbers.
Okay, we got a whole list of numbers.
Some good shrinks that can help you with your problem.
A fair whippest.
WQA.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think I went up to the shopping and Viandra.
Okay.
Shopping.
He said I'm not shopping.
We're going to put that down.
Shop of Alex.
See what I mean about this audience?
They would just want to do a list.
Every goddamn day.
You could have an endless supply if you can come up just with the right questions.
You know, like what's your favorite fruit besides near-roger?
You know, what's your favorite fruit?
How about persimmons?
5,670, 560, 0560, 0560.
This is beyond astonishing to me.
Maybe nobody in this audience saw the movie.
It's possible.
Maybe they hated it.
Maybe they liked bully.
Well, because we had yesterday, we were guys that liked bully,
but they sounded like they were doing acid themselves.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Mm.
WQAM, hello.
How is Gineal Lovers?
Oh, God.
You know something, I'm right on the verge.
I'm so close.
I'm thinking in a little corner of my mind, you know.
Even though it was seven months of absolute hell,
I'm really thinking what's the point, you know?
And I mentioned before the show, I was telling George and Carlos that, you know, as of the weekend,
there was a big drop off on the response on the website, and that's because,
and I looked back at last year's stats on Ertunets, exactly the same thing.
As of after Easter and Passover, and especially the first weekend in May,
that's when everybody bailed out of South Florida.
We're not playing with a half a deck.
We're playing with an empty deck.
And you'll notice at the same time, that's when it seemed like the people that we, you know,
been lucky enough to last two or three months, they have like a few real calls every day.
They just banished two because anybody with a half a brain, they're out of that place anyway.
Wow.
So I'll let you stew there on the phone, okay?
I'll let you stew, because I can go back real easily to that other stuff.
I enjoyed it a lot.
Even though there were people inside the building who hated it like poison.
Oh my God, you're blown away the audience and the demographics.
You know something?
That's strictly up to the audience.
If we can't get people with anything to say, screw them.
Because the callers, as you've noticed, the callers are a detriment to my life.
To my health notice, to my sanity, to my mental ability to continue living.
Same, tired, tragic, pathetic, oh, the whispering guy, the, you know,
and then these one word responses, what's the poll today?
Well, how about this?
How about that?
How about, you know, by the way, to see that Bill Bennett's got a gaming problem.
Bill, who?
And Dr. Rankins died.
26 past nine and five, 60 WQM, if your hair died, if it fell out in clumps.
If it just took a hiatus, like on a corner of tapton hiatus,
then the answer is get you some hair back that looks really good for my buddy Chuck Alfieri.
Charlie's hair is the best looking in the business.
That's why even in big shots, people with lots of money go to Charlie
because they know that no matter how much they pay, they can't get a better looking hair,
I had to hear the natural hairline system.
For over 25 years, Charlie's been making guys look their best.
And you have nothing to lose, but that Chinese grotesque nasty looking bald spot.
That makes you look so old because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels, Charlie, give you a full refund, no problems at all.
And be sure to mention my name when you call, give you an extra 200 bucks off the regular price.
Here's the toll free number.
Call it today.
The choice is yours, all the other quackery that's waiting for you out there.
The Mopsie looking pieces or a great looking natural head of hair.
Call 1-800-321-2413 and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
1-800-321-2413 or log out of the website, CharlesHalfeer-E.com.
My name is Michael.
This is 4205 City.
Way to A.
Call us.
Ooooo!
They watchin' these shows.
So stupid, everyone knows.
Starfighter was first.
Risen personality might be the worst.
Oh my God, I'll kill you.
I said watchin' it in vain.
I hope the bachelor ran to a clientele in state.
I think I got a screw-lips.
A screw-lips.
Here.
I love reality, see me.
Watch, I'll see.
To this day that's on it, see me.
Ooooo!
Feel the toll of America and I know.
Say, a friend, why not make you wear a lip-pins?
I'm sayin' at church.
Don't let them cancel their search.
But save my soul.
I even like an old cold.
Extreme wakeover.
Joe Million air and light your eyes.
Don't need no actors.
Don't need no script or needs no plot.
I think I got a screw-lips.
A screw-lips.
Love reality, see me.
Me, my folks.
One day that's on it, see me.
I'm so sure.
I'll be watchin' these brothers.
Sick, upscrew.
Give me women in high-tops.
931 at 560 WDQ AM.
Yeah, we got a lot of old people on drugs, baby.
That's what South Florida's all about.
And I'm not suggesting that it has anything to necessarily
with this story.
But we sure seem to have an awful lot of these.
I think we're gonna start putting the collar screen in the collar's
again, Carlos.
That's the bad news.
No problem.
Instead of the screenless, I mean, it works wonders for a short period of time.
And sometimes maybe even for a little bit longer period of time.
And then it just turns in like snaps right up and bites in the ass.
So let's start the screening recalls and putting them on hold.
Even though of course it's gonna interfere with your bedtime stories.
10 injured is car slams, Coral Springs Post Office.
Oh!
The typical South Florida story happens several times a month.
Leonard Brook wasn't sure whether he hit the brakes or they accelerated yesterday.
All he knew was his car somehow crashed through the window of a Coral Springs Post Orifice.
Injuring 10 people and pinning a woman in a toddler beneath his 1998 silver Mercury marquee.
Oy!
Three postal workers had a hoist the car to free the woman and child who was struck while in a stroller.
It was horrible, said Borock 81 of Margate.
As an officer escorted him and his wife to a taxi outside the post office,
an 801 West Atlantic Boulevard on 1215 PM, an hour and a half after the crash.
Both of us are fine.
Unfortunately, people were hurt.
Borock was pulling into a handicap parking spot when his car slammed through the car.
The car was crowded post office shortly before 11am, Sergeant Dwayne Yeasell said.
The car shattered the postal counter, coming to a rescue or back wall.
Wow.
I think I was trying to go up about two or three feet and the car didn't stop.
I think...
Are you listening to this?
I think I was trying to go up about two or three feet and the car didn't stop.
It kept going, said Borock, who's driving record for the past seven years showed no citations.
No charges were filed yesterday.
K. also waited firefighters and police called to the scene.
I've been doing this 18 years it was one of the most intense pandemonium scenes I've ever seen,
said Carl Springs Fire Lieutenant Dave Schneider.
Tamerak resident Rocco Bianchi 85 was at the counter, waiting to mail two packages
when Borock's car billed through missing Bianchi by two feet.
Two men up front began to holler.
There's a baby car underneath.
Finally, they got the child off Bianchi's head.
The injured child was flown to Broward General Medical Center for Lognail with head and chest injuries.
The child's mother who was injured but not pinned under the vehicle was in serious condition at Broward General.
None of the victims whom police did not identify appeared to have life threatening injuries rescue workers said.
Four victims were taken to Carl Springs Medical Center, one to North Broward Medical Center in Pompodo Beach.
This goes on all the time.
All the time, not necessarily the post office, although the incidents the second and almost two years in which he drivers cash to the front of a post office
Carl Springs while attempting to park in a handicap space.
They should really move those spaces.
On June 19, 2001, a parkland man was injured when a Carl Springs woman 74 drove her SUV through the post office at 325-Northwest 94th Avenue.
Morris Field 85 died two weeks later from his injuries.
And this is South Florida where, you know, big part of the population, the elderly population is hopped up on drugs,
just like Ellen Burstin was and it's a record for a dream.
Where people get renewal licenses for six years in the mail, in the mail they can be blind, they can be deaf, they can be dumb, they can have both arms that are examputated.
They don't make no difference because that's the state of Florida, they could be dead.
That's right, they could be, well, most of them are and will be told to me yet.
You ought to see the driving around my mother's house so they're on the drilling road.
Oh my God, you wouldn't believe it. You can't complain about the driving there because there ain't too much going on. That's where I live.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Yeah, hi, I'm calling to talk about Requiem for a dream.
Great, God bless you.
I'm wondering, did you see the original or the edited blockbuster version?
Well, it says on my package, directors cut, so I don't know what you'll know that would be.
That's probably the original. The one I originally saw was the blockbuster version and it's still tremendously disturbing,
but I saw the original one on cable just to see what it was that they added.
Well, when you said blockbuster version, what are they in and out?
Some of the, well, I'll try to say this is tactically as I can, some of the footage that's in the Jennifer Connelly scene at the end where she's earning her heroin.
Oh, I see. Yeah, there's a little bit of that.
She's hanging a brain stuff right off the edge of the orgy. Yeah, that part.
The orgy be real upset if they added that up.
Yeah, so a lot of other people.
They had to clean it up for blockbuster, I guess.
But it's a tremendously disturbing movie. It's fixing your head for days and days.
Yeah, and the acting, her especially, but I mean the acting is just so spectacular, no way to describe it.
I've never seen a performance like it in my life.
Oh, yeah, they were all amazing. That was incredible.
Did you see they actually played? There's a Simpson's parody that they do on it this past week on the Simpson's.
They have twice. Yeah, with the rib with the rib with sandwich.
Yes, for his eyes for dilating and that that had me on the floor.
Excellent. Okay. Thanks. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
I read that. Bye bye.
He prefers a company of men.
Oh, okay. Just just calm down.
560.560 on the AT&T of Ryzen Marlos line.
Now, momentum, I guess is the one I'm going to watch next because I think that's a guaranteed winner.
I like it a lot.
And the packaging. Oh, you saw you seen it.
Momento, yeah.
The packaging on this DVD is the most bizarre.
First of all, it's a double CD package.
Okay.
And it just says you can't even barely read it.
It's a plain light blue cover.
It says, Momento, it's like burned into it.
Like it would be burned into your skin memory and I actually just.
No, help me remember.
It was on her chest and they could see the latest.
Well, that's what it is like raised up letters on this thing.
And then when you open it up, which is not easy to do, it's a psychiatric report.
And the matter of an application for the admission of Shelby Leonard and ledge mentally sick person.
And then you keep going to this.
There's a posted note that says watch.
And you open the thing up and it's got all these loose sheets.
Loose sheets of paper and it like condition on admission.
It's got diagrams.
It's got the conclusions.
It's got a police report.
It's got yeah, all these bizarre things mental health battery answer sheet.
Well, then it's got to be good, which I failed that test, by the way.
And then there's two discs.
And a lot of them is production design skills and sketches.
And the other one is the movie.
So I've got to see Momento, which I read about.
It's supposed to be spectacular.
California, I'll take your word for it.
I'll watch it, you know, as I get to it.
And as far as kids in the gummo, I don't know.
Because I'm convinced that this Larry Clark guy is just a, he's just a, remember what?
They used to use the word that they use in a different way.
Chicken Hawk.
So you chicken off now is a guy who never went to military and wants to send other people there to do his dirty working.
You know, take, you know, take on the world.
Rumsfeld Wolfowitz, that proud.
But chicken Hawk used to mean something else.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
Especially after checking that one website.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
The scary part is that old codger hit.
Most of us probably be back on the road in another month and maybe go after him.
McDonald's are burging or something.
Right. And then probably get a six year renewal in the mail.
Oh, of course. Well, maybe they give him double.
Maybe they give him 12 for hit one other for hit in a fast food store or something.
For good marksmanship, yeah.
Unbelievable. Listen, I know you don't really follow sports very, you know.
What did you write there?
Well, no, I mean, I know you're into the hockey stuff, but you know, sports in general.
I don't know if you followed the resignation of the Iowa State basketball club.
Oh, no, I did not.
And then Mike Price and Alabama, step in now.
No.
Were you aware of what was going on with them or why they were under all this pressure?
No.
Well, you know, just to touch on a briefly used station, the college coach at Iowa State, you know, was caught, kind of like, apparently,
it was revealed he had a drinking problem.
He was, you know, he was partying with some students evidently and drinking with some co-eds.
But not obviously something not your average college basketball coach does.
But, you know, I mean, certainly he didn't break any laws, well, I think children or whatnot.
But there was just all this pressure for him to resign. He had to resign yesterday.
Yeah. Why do I care about that?
Well, it just, the reason that apparently the Alabama coach had to step down because he was caught in a strip,
you know, falling around and, you know, I mean, it just, it had me wondering, you know, talking about the climate in America that's been created by this administration,
this right-wing fanatics that are out there.
And it just, you know, I keep hearing what you're saying about how the attitude in America seems to be changing.
I mean, I just, these coaches didn't break any law, because I didn't listen to children.
They didn't, you know, they didn't do anything that terrible that would have to, you know, force them to resign.
I mean, certainly, it's just the attitude right now that's out there.
It's just really scary because I just think-
Yeah, you can't complain about our freedom anymore because generally, you don't have any.
Well, I just think that why do I think that this had happened 10 years ago that just wasn't many, they'd be a deal.
But now there's just, I don't know, so many Bible numbers out there and everything that's going on is just, it's just like, you know, we're giving up on the economy.
We came to a fork in the road and we decided to take a sharp turn to the right or somebody decided for us.
That's what we were going to do and that's where you're going.
Well, it's just, it's really, it's just scary and hell out of me.
I mean, to be honest with you, I just don't know where we're going and I just, you know, I'll see you at the border.
I'll see you at the border.
I used to kid about it, but now I'm not so sure if I'm kidding anymore, Neil.
We got that passport, man.
Yeah, I'll see you there.
I'll see you on the raft, bye.
Okay.
941 at 560, WQ America, the land that used to be the free and the brave and so on.
But now the land of repression, I got a good article here about Joe McCarthy, to his matter of fact.
I saw it. It was great.
Number old Joe.
Oh, yeah.
And it's very timely too because the McCarthy, the whole kind of witch hunt and the whole kind of repression and the scapegoating.
It's all back now, big time.
The pendulum has swung back and hit a lot of people right in the head.
942 at QAM for years.
I've been telling about a really nifty product called Oliomed.
Oliomed soft yells contain the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere.
It's not just ordinary olive oil like you buy in a bottle in a market, but super concentrated.
A little bit of all kinds of good stuff to help you in various parts of your health.
Oliomed every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus there are 14 different Oliomed formulas to choose from.
Each one combining the best olive oil, like I said, anywhere with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs in your health.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick up the formulas that are right for what you need.
And now there are three great new Oliomed formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight, and cell Q10, which contains coque-10 for your heart.
Pick up some Oliomed today.
It's all over town.
More and more people are poppin' it regularly.
It's at Public's Echards, Walgreens, Whole Foods, Markets, and Various N' Sudanos or order it online if you like at oliomedamerica.com.
For more information called toll free, 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-6536333.
Don't forget to get some Oliomed today for better health.
Start propin' some in your push real soon.
My, and local, this is sports radio 560.
You weigh in weigh in.
I don't think we'll ever find out.
Start.
There were in there in the first place.
Don't define it.
Yeah, how you know from the house to house and on the earth there are up to validate the spin.
And all those wild house thoughs.
If you still need convincing to me, I'll go see an edge.
Order the dose alive in front.
Oh, back of it.
But we keep on searching.
You know, searching.
Keep looking for proof of all the new key here away.
But you know they ain't gonna find it.
No.
And speaking of that, the Sunday hero of Scotland, this past Sunday says,
the Bush administration is admitted that Sodom was saying probably had no weapons of mass destruction.
Senior officials in the Bush administration have admitted that they would be amazed if weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq.
According to administration sources, Sodom shut down and destroyed large parts of his WMD programs before the invasion of Iraq.
Ironically, the claims came as US President George Bush on Saturday repeatedly justified the war as necessary to remove Iraq's chemical and biological arms, which posed a direct threat to America.
Bush claims Sodom was saying had weapons of mass destruction.
We will find them.
The comments from within the administration will add further weight to attacks on the Blair government by labor backpainters that there is no smoking gun and that the war against Iraq would set it on claims.
The claims that Sodom was a risk to Britain, America and the Middle East because of unconventional weapons was unjustified.
The senior US official landed that America never expected to find a huge arsenal arguing that the administration was more concerned about the ability of Sodom's scientist, which he labeled a nuclear Muja Hadin to develop WMDs when the crisis passed.
This represents a clearly dramatic shift in the definition of Bush's doctrine's central tenet, the preemptive strike.
Previously, according to Washington, they preemptive war could be waged against the hostile country with WMDs in order to protect American security.
Now, however, according to the US official preemptive action is justified against any nation, which simply has the ability to develop unconventional weapons, which it would seem to me could be just about anybody.
Couldn't it?
What do you mean just about?
Yeah.
I just mention that.
Here's a fact from John in Houston who says,
bully is a terrible movie.
Absolutely correct, sir.
I agree with you, John.
He said there was bad acting, not enough character development and a plot with many holes in it,
which is amazing because it was a true story, but everything he says is right.
When you're working from a true story, you shouldn't have, you could have bad acting,
but you shouldn't have a lack of character development and certainly not a plot with holes in it, but he's right.
Requiem for a dream, however, was a great movie.
It had an anti-drug message without being preachy.
It moved so fast it made my head spin.
Where's that music from, Ralph Requiem?
I totally agree there comes a point in the movie you have to laugh because it's so intense that if you know it, you might start saying...
It hit run out.
The movie is depressing and uplifting at the same time.
The way that you root for these people and watch them fail time and time again is depressing,
but the fact that someone can make a movie this good gives me hope that people might stop making the swill out there,
Sir John in Houston.
Excellent, fast, John.
Absolutely correct, sir.
You're thumb right on it, my friend.
It is amazing that they can make a movie.
That ribboning, that powerful, that uncovering everything from the punk son,
right, whose, you know, peddling drugs and gets hooked on it and the girlfriend,
and then of course the mother who becomes the old antivlogist.
I guess we probably should put something on there too.
Prescription drugs.
Yeah.
Let's put that on it because we don't want to put a volume in all these other things, all of these things.
And we almost forgot about Carlos' number one addiction.
Yeah.
Aaron?
I thought we put him on your number two addiction.
No cigarettes, nicotine.
Oh, wait, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
How could we?
How could we forget that?
Well, this audience is really slow.
Man, are they slow?
Yeah.
What?
So there's the list as we got it now, okay?
In fact, it's on there, but we can add to it and we will.
We will, Eric.
Believe me, we will.
What's your number one addiction?
Sex 12, food 10.
I put down food.
NeoRongers show 9.
Internet 8.
Pot 6.
Heroin 5.
I don't have any for it.
We believe them?
No, I put that on there for liars.
We got four liars.
Caffeine 2, gambling 2, TV 2, nicotine 1.
How could nicotine already be on there?
I told them to put it on there and break.
I think I'm losing my mind.
I saw gas lights making a movie.
It's okay.
You're not pulling me.
I saw that movie.
Nicotine's got a pair.
And the other one just went on there.
Ex deceive.
Don't have any shopping and cocaine.
Don't have it.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody in this audience is hooked on cocaine.
I'm sure of that.
I'm not over there.
Just the smell.
And we're adding on prescription drugs as well.
Let's see a fact from listener George.
Chronic.
He says other drugs.
Well, that's what we did.
We put prescription drugs.
He said I'm sure that more prevalent than heroin or opium would be all the prescription
and legal drug addicts.
That's what we put on there, listener George.
Anti-depressants, painkiller, psychoreactive drugs, even nasal sprays.
If you listen carefully and happy hour, gaspies and polka, all the girls talk about is whether
they got their value or percussive prescription renewed.
What?
No, like it?
That's the next week, I think.
Also, play it.
And that's the, I don't care too much when they start giving me directions.
You know, especially this one listener George, who's usually okay, but he says also play the
happy birthday.
Drop for Moe's daughter.
He very reluctantly said she turns 34 today.
I'm sure he's listening.
I'm sure you'd appreciate the sentiment.
No.
No.
Nothing against his daughter.
I never met her.
She may be a wonderful human being.
But no, I'm not going to do that.
And don't be giving me no directions again.
I'm listening, George.
Okay.
I'm sure he is listening on his way home.
That's for you, Moe.
I'm sure his daughter is just fine.
So if she's 34, that would make him at least 54 minimum.
Minimum.
I mean, it could be less than that, but I don't think he was making no babies at 17 or 18.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
So that makes him minimum 54.
Now, of course, I don't know how many kids he's got.
How many he's got younger or older, things like that.
As we start putting the pieces of the puzzle together.
And find out just exactly how well this fossil is.
I mean, what kind of an old fart says that anyway?
We might have to do carbon dating.
5.670560, pound 560 on it.
I was speaking of dating.
I don't understand what's happening with our hot couples contest.
We started off like sizzling there the first couple of days.
And then it came to a stop, not to a crawl to a stop on our website on your margins.com.
We got that big flaming banner on there.
Hot couples contest.
We should have a lot of attention to that.
And yeah, I guess people don't want any trip to the Bahamas for free.
They can block their faces out, you know.
But we don't want to block their faces.
Like you know, like the one couple that's got the little strip across the eyes, you know, like those magazines.
We don't want blocked faces, okay?
If they're too ashamed to show their push on it, it shouldn't be in a contest.
What are they ashamed of?
Maybe they're ugly.
Well, in that case, then save the pictures.
Okay, keep waiting.
Listen, it hasn't stopped some people already.
Believe me, I've seen them.
Grand prize, three day tonight's day for two of the World Oasis resort in casino in the Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake Arrheer.
And runner up gets dinner for two of the pizza lock.
We will continue taking your emailed pictures, whatever couple of guy and woman, guy and guy, woman, woman, whatever, whoever the hell it is.
Adults.
Till next, let's see.
Next Thursday, is it?
Are we from this Thursday, May 15th?
And it'll be the deadline.
And then we'll put the pictures that all the pictures we've got up on the website and people can vote.
And Thursday, May 22nd, the couple with the most votes went pretty simple, pretty straightforward, so to speak.
But so far, we had seven entrants in a heartbeat.
And then that was the end of that.
Cooper City, hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm sorry about the suggestion about bully, but I'm glad you like Breckery and Prajureen.
Now, now, why did you like bully?
What did you think that was?
The only reason why I liked it, because I said, like I said, I knew one of the kids who was involved in that.
And it was taped right across the street from me so I had to watch.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm going to talk about it.
But did you think they really did a good job with putting the story together?
Well, not really.
But I just thought you might like it.
I mean, it wasn't the best day I would.
You definitely like memento.
Yeah.
Without a doubt.
And you're watching about ten times because you can come, you can get about ten different opinions.
You can come ten times.
George, you know what I'm talking about?
No, what are you talking about?
Well, the ending.
I know some.
I know some.
I never saw momentum.
Okay.
Well, you definitely like memento.
And another movie you might like is bowling for Columbine?
Yeah, but you can't get it yet.
It's not going to be released to August because they couldn't put it in the theaters again.
Right.
Okay.
And definitely driving along Sterling.
I definitely need Dannex.
Yeah.
And they sell it in dispensers on Sterling.
And stay away from the post office there.
You never know what you might deliver you might get.
Yeah.
And one more thing.
I guess, as your poll.
Yeah.
Addiction.
I guess it would be spanking out a batch.
What do you say?
Cranking out a batch.
Oh, cranking out a batch.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Have a great day.
I thought that was under the category of sex.
We don't want to get too specific.
Okay.
It's a family showrun in the middle of the day.
That's a sex with yourself.
Squirt, squirt.
No.
No, George.
If you're just starting to get like Marvin now, you know.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
You're getting just like Marvin.
Of course, there is quite a close relationship there between you and Marvin, the raw man.
Wonder how he and D for when they liked to change together with the ankle.
You've heard of people that were joined at the hip.
They were joined at the ankle lows too.
In fact, maybe when a few years when they get old enough, they can hang out with the ankle paramedics
at the public's over there on the beach.
He said, cranking out a batch.
He had an understanding what he said.
Wasn't I didn't understand what he meant?
I got to explain it to him.
I got the full gist of it.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
In fact, I think he might be squeezing it right now.
9, 56 at 5, 5, 60, WQM.
I'll tell you one thing.
It would be wonderful if we could just squeeze the fat out of our body.
You know, that song we got sucked the fat off my fanny.
I'd like to be able to squeeze the fat out of my perfect, but you can't do it.
Of course, they have that liposuction, all that horrible stuff.
Most people don't want to be involved in that because it's ad dangerous.
And it's grotesque.
If you want to lose the weight and look like a human being and feel better and be healthier,
that's the most important part.
Even if you don't care all that much about how you look, although I don't believe that.
But the health part is so important because once you get to be diabetic and you will believe me,
if you continue on the road for fat at a young age, then your life changes.
You have to stop eating all kinds of stuff.
In fact, for the most part, forget about the restaurants and all the enjoyable part of the eating
because it's in your past, not in your future.
I've led balance for life, help you lose the weight before you get to that point.
Call them at 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29.
Every day they bring you little black sacks.
It's right there at your doorstep by 6 o'clock every morning.
And in that black sack, that's the answer.
That's the key to the whole deal because all your food for the whole day is in there.
You have a menu where you pick two choices for each meal every day that's run a program.
And there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your sack.
That's it.
Plenty of food to keep you full all day long.
No little tiny bird-like portions, nothing prefabricated, no additives, no crap.
Nothing afrozen.
Everything is fresh, delicious made with the best ingredients.
It is outstanding.
So if you've tried all the other diets like just about all of us have and you've been frustrated and haven't been able to get the job done,
try this, you owe it to yourself to do it.
Balance for life.
And the number is 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29.
5.6.8.32.29 or check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
5.6.8.29.
5.6.8.32.29.
The radio's on your cell.
Q&A.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Welcome back to the audience.
Hey, take Neil over there.
Where? Where? Where? Where? Where?
What are you, Moron? I'm walking down the hallway.
Yes, that's him.
I knew. Look, I'm waving at him.
But he acts like you don't see me.
He knew, knew.
It's me. How you doing, Neil?
Why are you sitting there, Mo? Go out there and talk to him.
But you nuts?
I approach no one.
I got nothing to say to him anyway.
What do you think he is that Wang Nong swish?
I got better things to do.
I can just with my feet back here.
He's just so cruel.
You know, I got something here to make it feel better.
Sure you do.
Oh, really? Here. Step into my time machine.
Time machine? Where'd you get that?
I got it on two things.
Okay, fine. Turn. Stand over here.
You're absolutely okay.
If you can't see it.
Wait, by the way, stop.
Where are you standing, please?
Wow. I must be in the 1930s or something.
What a time, boy.
Like the one-poker Brian's looking.
Hey, watch where you're going.
I see here. When he talks to me like that,
do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Howard Davidon.
You can't be, Mo Howard. I'm Mo Howard.
There's only one Mo Howard.
And that's me, pal.
Why I made my bones when you were going doodles like me?
How? Why? Hey.
How many fingers I got up?
Take that class out of the door.
I'm Mo Howard. I tell you.
Yes, oh. You're Mo Howard.
That's right.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, believe me, bro.
This guy's crazy.
Shut up, you moron.
As he hears, he brainless.
Who you calling, brainless?
Why all have you no more well-respected force-caster
from a prepowered denies?
Oh, is that so?
Yeah, that's right.
But for your information, I'm a prepologist.
Says you.
Go ahead, come here. I'll show you.
Thanks.
Where did you get that coming from?
I'll be bags and back in alley.
Yeah, you're mullin' out.
Have a capriciano.
All right, get his pen, though.
Are you sure I'm out?
Go.
I said get his pen, though.
What are you going to give me all the time, too?
Go.
That's right.
Why you, why you, the ho-
Why you, why you, the ho-
Why you, why you, why you, the ho-
Why you, why you, why you, the ho-
Why you, why you, the ho-
How can I be so stupid?
You know what we left off the poor?
I guess we're all stupid, besides alcohol.
That's it.
Boos.
Yeah.
How can we do that?
I don't know.
I mean, just take a look around us.
I have my radio business.
Look at all the drunk sweet work around me.
So let's put on booze on Eric.
Immediately if not soon.
And I don't think there can be too many more.
Food.
Now we're getting some honest answers.
Food 29.
What's your number one addiction?
Sex 22.
Although I don't know.
I guess if I ate enough fish food and enough nestlies
turtle ice cream, I could find a room spinning around like-
Yeah, like Ellen Burstib did.
Oh, God.
What a movie.
I remember seeing, because it was just a couple of years ago when I came out.
I remember seeing, I guess it was Jared Blito's, that is name?
Yeah.
On some show.
And then we're showing clips from the movie.
And they only showed the opening scene where she's got the TV chained.
She's got the TV set tied to a chain.
And he's schlepping it out the door to go out upon it for drug money.
Right.
And when I saw the opening scene, I thought she had seen this movie before.
I hope not.
I know I hadn't, but I just had seen a clip.
Food 29.
Sex 22.
Pot 15.
The Orogisho 14.
There's a chance for the audience to lick around the edges a little bit.
The Internet 12.
Caffeine 9.
Heroic 6.
Nicotine 6.
Heroin 6.
Hey.
Oh.
Nicotine 6.
Gambling 6.
I don't have any six people who lie through their teeth.
TV 3.
Perstripping drugs appear.
Shopping 2.
Cocaine None.
We've got six on heroin and nobody on co-orders won, find it.
And what's the other one?
Exocene None.
Exocene.
They're all listening to Power 96.
And we'll get booze on here.
Now we'll start seeing that number go up big time.
Popstar raises Indonesian anger.
Girl with breasts.
Throw the tone down act in Muslim country.
You know that this girl has got breasts?
No.
And the Muslims aren't too happy about it.
Indonesia is in an upper over the andex of a sexy singer with diamond-studded teeth
who rotates her hips on stage in a way considered too provocative for audiences in the world's most populous Muslim nation.
You might call her the Muslim Elvis.
But while religious authorities have condemned the dancing of Dung Duit Popstar,
Inwold Dada Tista, 24, as pornographic and reportedly pray for rain to deter impressionable fans from attending her concerts,
politicians are lining up to recruit her for their campaigns.
TV stations are also happy because they know her appearance on her screens like Money in the Bank.
Hundreds of supporters held rallies near her defense last week.
A group of fans tried to emulate her technique known as Drilling.
As they danced on mass in the streets of Jakarta.
They're Drilling.
She's kind of skanky by the way.
The fear of stem to the ruling in February by the Indonesian Ulamas Council which found her performance was not fit for public viewing.
This came after a two-hour show was broadcast by a private TV station owned by the husband of Megawati Sukhinaputuri, the country's president.
Sukhinaputuri, a putrid, okay?
It's none of our business if it happens in a private place like a karaoke hall,
but we're concerned about her appearance on television.
The council's chairman told the Jakarta post a report of a man raping a girl after watching her dance as evidence that the way she dances is not fit for public viewing.
How do you like that?
He drove her to rape.
Just like we used to hear the same crap as the Elvis stuff.
They're going to see that one time on TV.
Gang rape is funny.
See, Mo likes it.
Do you know that Mo has got a pair of pants?
Somebody I can't tell you who told me this.
He's got a pair of sand.
I guess he wants to fit in in Boka.
One leg is lime green.
The other one is canary yellow.
And the S is plaid.
I don't know.
I don't know how you like that.
Take off those checkered pants.
Is that incredible?
Now just conjure up that vision.
No, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th.
If we don't get some different people,
what that's going to tell me is that nobody saw a recommend for a dream.
And I never really heard that much about it.
I can't imagine why.
Have you heard a lot of people talk about that movie?
Only after it got released like it was on cable and everything.
For some reason it came and went in the theaters and nobody saw it.
Well, that's a shit.
Nobody saw it?
It's not in the theater.
And then when it got on cable and it like potted on,
it was like a sleeper, I guess, is what they say.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Neil, OK.
Yes, sir.
I didn't see it, unfortunately.
But I did see Gomo and kids.
And if you didn't like boy, again, you're going to hate Gomo.
Ah, refund.
Gomo is just like they went out and got the worst backwards redneck,
in red Jerry Springer guest and wet and found their cousins
and did a movie about him.
It's awful, these kids.
I won't tell you anything about it.
Let's you see it and vomit up all your fish food.
I got it right here.
In fact, the kid that's on the cover here looks like the kid in the tree in deliverance.
He's the best looking one in the movie.
Yeah.
I was calling about my girlfriend and I did see Boeing for calling by when it was in the theaters down here.
But it came and went so quickly as the Iraq War, you know.
Now I'm sure of that.
But they got that right out of the theaters.
But it was at the South Beach 24 theaters for a little while with the teeny-rural advertisement on the paper.
I was calling it.
You catch, I call on C-SPAM.
I haven't been able to hear you earlier this week about the Democratic candidates on this big meat-to-press.
I saw a little clip from him.
George Devinopolis.
I wanted to vote for BDI Bob Graham.
I was born raised here in South Florida and I thought, you know, he's done a lot of good.
He does have a good track record.
But God, I mean, he looks like an old, funny, dirty up there.
Same as Bill McBride.
We all had such hope and Bill McBride again against Jebster.
And he looks like an old, funny, dirty guy who looked a little worried.
How are you mean?
Howard Dean, man.
He's got a lot of respect for that guy.
I hope he and Bob go for it between ticket or something like that.
You know, the Palm Beach Post took that poll I mentioned yesterday.
And I was really surprised because you think Graham being a Florida newspaper and in the O.M. Palm Beach County,
that Graham would have one hands down.
And Howard Dean beat him like two to one with a Jeweliever in a distant third.
Let's just hope those Palm Beach Posts this time can get the right vote.
Okay, get the butterflies out of it.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Somebody says alcohol.
You just beat them to the punch.
Somebody on the facts machine.
Booze.
They're soaking it up, man.
Oh, speaking of booze, the mad dogs off today, which we're pretty forked off about.
Not that we don't like having Joe Roson every now and then.
But today was the day that the mad dog was going to do that drop-in.
Yes.
Were you drudge packing?
He'll do it.
Yes.
Maybe we can have Joe Roson do it too, like kind of as an interim thing, huh?
Then we got the Humper in the studio.
It's about time we get these guys back from these stupid at all.
At the end of the show yesterday, I was in here reading some stuff,
reading one of my 85 emails from Lynn.
Why notice abandoned me after I told her I didn't like bully.
She just disappeared.
I raved about Requiem for a dream, which is one of the best movies I've ever seen by.
I think I pissed her off.
I didn't like bully too bad.
But anyway, while I was in here, I opened up the pot to hear the end of the show.
It was about 10 to 7.
And he was just moaning and was groaning about what a horrible thing they did.
And he said, if I sculpt her, then the mosquitoes were as big as bullying balls.
And thanks a lot for this one, guys.
He was porked up.
And he was porky and porked up.
I don't blame him.
The way they run these guys are my man.
I mean, yeah, a lot of our people don't work all that much.
Certainly not like me.
It throws up every guy damn day.
I have been on a lot lately.
You know, too much.
We need a lot more air.
In fact, if we had a separate category under sex for like anal sex,
then George could certainly have something to vote for.
Here's Sean and I.
Hollywood says, enjoyed your media horror poll yesterday.
Al Sharpton would change his name to TV listings to get in the newspaper.
Also, I knew the two main characters and bully from the gym,
but didn't see the movie.
The two weirdness of their relationship was apparent even to the casual viewer.
More addictions, pornography and sugar.
Well, sugar would put under food, but pornography would be good.
Right?
Huh?
Porno.
Get it on there immediately.
And then like I said, enjoy your life, something else to vote on.
Sean and Hollywood says.
Thank you, Sean.
Well, you know, it's interesting because there was something bizarre about the relationship.
Yeah.
Right.
Now, seriously, in fact, you'll notice the kid that they killed was his name, John.
No, I forgot.
Bob.
There's a long time ago.
Bob.
Anyway, the one that they killed, he always, he, first of all,
they had the scene early in the movie when it looked a little bit promising when we were in that male strip club,
and he took his friend there and he made him go up on stage because the guy ate 100 bucks.
Remember that?
Right.
And then he was a screw on that chick and he was a trying for sure to watch the gay porn on movie.
Right.
So there was something there.
And of course, he always kept putting his hand on the other kids back in his neck and you're my best friend.
There was something a little bit right on, uh, not right there with him.
And then of course, just to prove why they killed him, you know,
or shouldn't, I shouldn't be saying these things because then nobody on the board about that movie.
They killed him.
Everybody.
Absolutely.
I mean, it just, when it got to the point after they killed him, which like I told you this morning,
there were some, some really chilling parts there.
We were one or two months ago, kind of like, you know, you really just jumped up in the seat.
I'm not talking about the sex scenes, believe me, that was boring.
But, uh, and then after that, it was like, they, they just ran out of time or they ran out of budget or out of material.
And that was, that was the end of it.
And everybody just caved in and spilled the beans and they were all on trial and then they're like in jail.
And then here, here's what happened to him and here a bunch of them went away for life.
That's it.
Bye bye, you know, that was it.
Pretty lame.
10, 13, oh, and I'm, I'm so depressed about kids in, uh, gummo.
Well, bring them down with you. I'll, uh, look at him anyway.
No.
Well, I mean, I'll give him a peek.
You know, I'll take a look, see if there's anybody interesting on him.
That's, that's about it.
And of course, gummo, I guess not.
No, no, no, no, certainly.
In fact, the, I was just going to say the kid in the tree in deliverance.
He looks like Johnny Depp compared to the kids in this movie from what I see in the cover.
Well, let's go. He got another job.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, since the beastly's kicked him out of the family.
10, 14 at 560 WQM talkers cheap.
It's easy to throw under a lot of appealing low numbers.
Voter comes right down with what can you really get refinanced at?
5% 4% what about 2.45% with financial group?
That's correct.
With interest rates of 2.45%.
It's really your best bet and it's rock solid.
Call financial group now at 1-800-940 land.
That's financial group 1-800-940-LEND.
Interest rates are at all time low.
So why not refinance your home or buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
2.45% financing with financial group.
What will 2.45% get you with those monthly payments?
Here's some examples.
If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 a month.
If you have $100,000 loan you pay only $393 bucks a month.
So get yourself amazing 2.45% financing from financial group.
Call and get all the information.
Call them toll free 1-800-940-LEND.
That's financial group 1-800-940-LEND.
The Renegal Housing Lender, Credit Restrictions of course apply rates of them change monthly.
5.34 APR.
We're sports radio feces.
UAM.
Holy Macken on.
This is Joe Bohr and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
You'd better leave some space.
Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me.
Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me.
10-19 I was probably recorded by a bunch of the Appearanoids of QAM.
I don't want to mention George Corso or McGill, I'm people like that specifically.
Here's the fact that says, check out www.requiemfordream.com, which is a terrific website.
The movie is the best anti-drug movie ever.
The geniuses in Hollywood rated the movie NC17, which kept kids out of the movie.
At the theater I saw it in New York City, the movie Nazis checked the idea of everybody.
How do you like that?
That's why.
A movie that everybody should have seen from the age of like 10 on oboe.
I would think.
That's why it was not widely circulated.
That's why everybody blinked and missed it at the few theaters where they did show it because of that.
Well, that's a bunch of crap.
Yeah.
And what was NC17?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, ask to ask.
Sorry.
Oh, please.
Yeah.
Please.
Give me a break.
Elf, anyway, the fact is another great movie is L.I.E., which stands for Long Island Expressway,
which tries to put a human face on a pedophile that was rated R, no sex scenes,
but a lot of it was very uncomfortable to watch.
You see that?
Nope.
Never heard of it.
Nope.
I'm going to put it on my list.
L.I.E.
I mean, since I'm watching a lot of disturbing movies, why the hell not?
How and about the addiction somebody says, how about exercise?
You think there are people addicted to exercise?
Technically speaking, you can be addicted to anything, but I don't want to put it on that.
Okay.
So we won't put it on there.
Don't take it personal.
Okay.
Just keep pumping it.
Oh, that was the other guy I was doing it.
What's your number one addiction?
Food 41, sex 31, neo-riders show 26.
Pot 20.
Oh, I got some great literature on that.
Internet 18, caffeine 17, nicotine 14.
I don't have any 10 liars.
Liar.
Parallel 1, 8, gambling 8, alcohol 6.
They hear what I tell you about the heroin thing.
See, we talked about it.
Right.
That's why it's got a TV 6 prescription drugs 3, shopping 2, coke 2, and ecstasy.
None.
Out of 212 votes.
Not one person to see.
Not this crowd.
Wrong audience.
Wrong demo.
So in yesterday's Toronto star, I believe.
These two letters to the editor.
Harmless pot plan urps us bullies.
Right.
Dan and Toronto.
Ray pot plan puts us noses out of joy.
Which we had that's around our website.
US drugs are John Walters warning the candidate and freeing it's me.
Once again, this is a case of the Americans playing schoolyard bully.
If you disagree with them, the result is threats and sanctions.
I find it incredible letting a country that purports to be the leader of the free world
and where freedom of expression is written into the constitution.
A neighboring country is slammed for demonstrating a bit of dissent.
First, our government is not legalizing drugs.
The government only wants to decriminalize simple possession of marijuana.
Although it wouldn't be a bad thing if we did decriminalize it altogether.
The government could have our farmers grow it and could control the sale of it.
Think of the tax revenues and maybe our farmers could earn a real living for once.
Perhaps the Americans are just sore that once again we're producing a superior product to theirs.
Walters should understand the statistics concerning the actual movement of pot into his country
and its very own production of it.
The famous Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar said at best,
if the demand from America wasn't so great, we wouldn't create the supply.
The Americans of all people should understand this most fundamental principle of economics.
The Learned Walters comment, if we were sending toxic substances to your young people,
you would be and should be upset.
Ignores the fact that Americans have been sending toxic and lethal substances to our young people for years.
They're called guns and they're more deadly than a joint could ever be.
Right, stand in Toronto.
And then you are absolutely correct sir.
And here's another one from Jack and Rochester, New York.
He says drugs are doesn't speak for America.
He says, I hope Star readers will keep in mind that John Walters and his drugs are predecessors,
didn't speak for all Americans.
In fact, many of us in the states increasingly took to Canada for leadership on social issues,
not just drug policy reform but healthcare funding, urban planning,
recognition of gay marriages and lots more.
If the Bush administration succeeds politically, we'll see the US look further and further down the ladder of progress.
So we say to Canadians, don't let Walters push you around.
Jack and Rochester, two reading good letters from yesterday, Toronto Star.
Excellent.
In fact, the Supreme Court here in Canada today is ruling on a couple of, I think there are three simple possession cases
that they're going to rule on.
And of course, once they do, that's going to have big deal implications, big time.
What's going to happen? What's going to happen in some appear? They're going to decriminalize.
We can, without John Walters, know the threats from South of the border.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, TNT and Verizon wireless line.
I guess nobody saw Donnie Brasco, right?
Right.
And no absolutely nobody saw recommend for dreams.
So the good part about that is we're turning you on to a movie that you'll really enjoy.
I mean, again, it is depressing but in an entertaining way, right?
Does that make sense?
It's powerful.
It really is.
It's shocking.
And if you live in South Florida, this is a movie everybody should see.
They should make all the condo commando's watchlist.
Since they're a captive audience anyway on movie night and the old folks homes, they should force them to watch that.
They should force them to take a green pill before they watch it.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neu, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, real quick.
George Bush in his tax cut plan.
I think he can make a real good commercial using Bill Bennett here.
He'll need another $8 million over the next 10 years.
Uh-huh.
Gamble away because all they've been saying is like for the last 10 years, people have been having too much of their taxes taken, you know, too much of their money taking away from making it back.
So, and that's why the economy is doing so bad.
But he doesn't look like he's been doing too bad over the last 10 years.
Well, maybe he'll tell us the tax cut is good for the economy in Vegas.
Maybe.
Okay, thanks.
Everybody go to Vegas or Atlantic City and plunge your guts out with your tax fee fund.
Of course, I don't think we're getting no 8 million back like Bill Bennett.
Bill says he's not going to gamble anymore and his wife says, oh, she ain't going to put up with it.
Right.
Right.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Plantation.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
I got one of my philosophy is they have smart, we have smart bombs and dumps to click.
Yeah.
Are you in Toronto now?
Yes.
We're vacation last year and we need to go to school up in Oakland.
Right.
I got a couple of restaurants for either Chinese.
I'm not sure if you want to go there, but one's in the metropolitan hotel.
Oh, yeah.
I've stayed at the metropolitan hotel, right?
Excellent.
I had the peeking duck.
Other was the Canada kitty or quick.
Okay.
Your phone's crapin' out, but I'll try the hotel.
I want to go into like a...
There are coming back.
There's nobody even talking about SARS here anymore.
Everything's coming back.
We had a big weekend here.
The locals all came out and forced.
The downtown is packed with people.
The shopping malls are packed.
Everything is getting back to normal.
Spread the word, okay?
In fact, you know who's going on Leno next week?
Who's from here, of course?
Mike Myers.
Okay.
Good.
I don't know if he's bringing many me or not, but he's going to be on Leno.
Tell everybody, the coast is clear.
Come on back and don't be so paranoid like those assholes at the QAM.
I don't want to mention George Corsair on Miguel by name.
Do we?
I don't know if I'd like to find out some of the other people were in on that meeting.
I'm sure he's talking to me anymore.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I can clear a haul out faster than John Creezen.
Well, that's where it goes too bad.
Too bad you've got caught with your paranoia down on you assholes there.
Okay.
Oh, you have to make sure that Neil gets quarantined when he comes back because we know when I'm to bring stars in the building.
I got news for him.
There's disease in that building.
They haven't even discovered yet.
Disease they don't even have a name for yet in that joint.
27 past 10 at 5.60 W.
I bet you we don't have five people in this whole audience who saw that movie Requiem for a Dream.
I'm sitting here getting all whipped up and expecting conversation about it.
Not going to happen.
They'll fill the five people that saw it.
We'll call.
No, they won't.
We had one.
Four more to go.
No, I have two.
I take that back.
We had two.
The guy that's working on it right now.
You know, Mother's Day is this Sunday and this year's surprise here with a gift of relaxation from the Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio, where she'll enjoy a true spy experience.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is offering a great Mother's Day package for just $99.
Mom's Journey will begin at the arrival where professional licensed staff members will greet her with soft music, candlelight and hot tea.
To receive her relaxing and revitalizing facial followed by a massage, designed to relieve all stress in her neck, back in shoulders, offer just 99 bucks.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726 Riverside Drive & Coral Springs next to the Outpack Steakhouse, called 954-34162-20 for more information.
Mention WQM in the first 25 people who get free, a Roman therapy candle or organic specialty soap in the silk pouch with their Mother's Day package.
They're located in Coral Springs 726 Riverside Drive right next to the Outpack Steakhouse, so call them at 954-34162-20.
This year do something different from mom with a true spy experience at the Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio that's 954-34162-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
The Inner Retreats Spine Wellness Studio is located at 726-20.
He never flew again and received an early discharge to go to graduate school.
His final officer efficiency report from May of 73 noted only that supervisors hadn't seen him or heard from him.
Bush's campaign biography obscured a misrepresentative of these details in the summer and fall of 2000.
His spokesman offered various and evolving explanations for what Democrats said represented a far bigger character issue than any of the windy exaggerations of their candidate vice president Al Gore.
There's a second page of the dismissing but I don't want to read the whole thing anyway.
Oh, David, I just packed it.
You just did?
Yeah.
Well, like I said, I'll get to it.
Here's a long fact from Claudia.
It says, sorry so long we couldn't get you on the phones.
I've not seen Requiem for a Dream, but it's one of those movies I wanted to see.
Thanks for minding me.
You've got to get it, Claudia.
Believe it.
Get it today.
Trust me.
Requiem for a Dream with Ellen Burston and Jennifer Connelly and Marlon Wands and a very interesting looking Jared Lido.
And he was good.
Good actor.
Can you believe that we're making the movie The In-Law is the Alan Arkin Peter fall comedy with Al Brooks and Michael Douglas?
Oh, is there not a shriest shriest shriest?
See, this is the thing that bugs me.
They keep we making movies like Psycho that don't need to be remade.
Right?
Says who wants to see Michael Douglas if I want to see the Crepit old man I'll go to the cross-frame post office.
How about the movie starring Good-looking men like Bel Tico del Toro?
Vinicio.
Well spelled wrong, of course.
Bill Tcio, I don't know who that is.
Even the monkey on passions wouldn't go for Michael Douglas.
I'm sure that prud- what's your name?
Begins with a pee.
Can't think of it.
I just want to warn you about Momento, my boyfriend, who's a guy guy like you and probably has fairly similar taste was so aggravated by that movie.
He wanted to shoot the TV and he loves the TV.
Of course, it's not a straight plot line, but it's more convoluted than pulp fiction.
It's of that genre.
I liked it, but just a warning.
Don't have any distractions.
What?
Has nothing to do with anything like pulp fiction.
Well that's what Claudio says.
Sorry, Claudio.
A great movie I know George will roll his eyes was sexy beast, never-sign.
It has a great soundtrack where it ranges from Dean Martin to the Stranglers.
Though the sound quality threw a lot of people off it has a sublime script about the star of a retired croaker, returns to Spain to get fat and tan with ex-porn wife,
who is where and he's recruited by an associate Ben Kingsley, who's just the most evil person.
In the end he comes to represent everything we hate about other people and in a cathartic scene he's confronted by his victims,
also the scene where they rob a safety deposit box underwater, surreal movie is metaphoric, says Claudio.
Thank you Claudio.
It was along into the point.
Right, I'll watch it.
Sexy beast.
Sexy beast and what's the other one we got to see?
Pemento.
Pemento.
Pemento.
Well she's got B-E-L-T-I-C-C-O now how the hell would you say that?
Beltacio.
Benicio?
But his name is Benicio Del Toro and you've seen him, he's been in a million things.
Like what?
Did you not see traffic?
Yeah.
Oh it's fun, you should mention that psychic powers again.
Wow.
No, because I was thinking you know traffic was so bally-hooed.
Oh it's a great movie about drugs and I thought it sucked.
I thought that Michael Douglas should have been horse whipped in that movie.
I was ashamed of him in that movie ridiculous.
Benicio was the Mexican cop, the good Mexican cop.
And anyway, can I just finish here?
So here we finally get a great movie about drugs, not just young people in drugs,
which of course we got 80 million movies about that, but old people.
This is one of the first times that the hooking of old people of senior citizens
on every kind of prescription drug and of course also on top of that,
not just old people but the diet doctors.
Right.
When I did Boston in the early 60s, I lived on Commonwealth Avenue and in those days
there were, well of course every place had a basement of North and there were basement apartments.
And so I lived in a basement apartment in Commonwealth Avenue and upstairs on a main floor,
there were offices and one of those was a doctor's office, a diet doctor.
And he was one of the first speed doctors.
And he had people coming, I mean, and I could see the people coming in
because if I'm outside walking on the street you'd see the people and that's all he did.
He didn't say it wasn't a general practitioner.
And people who weighed like, like being a boy there kept coming
because they wanted their prescriptions for a speed.
He had everybody hooked on God damn speed, the so-called diet doctor.
And this crap has been going on for 50 years at least.
Doctors hooking their patients and then of course look what happened to Ella.
She got a shock in the end.
Oh man.
Wow, it's just so goddamn intense and it just keeps in your head start spinning
and then you start seeing her look older and older and just more like close to death than just the,
wow, the purple bags under eyes.
Oh man, I can't even put it towards to describe you that movie.
You must go out and get it today, Requiem for a Dream, okay?
It's not all that long like I said, it's not even a two-hour movie, it's less than that.
Well once you stand, talk about having no distractions, you sit there and you'll be glued to it.
You'll be succulent.
Well, don't get to that part.
21 to 11 at 5.60 WDQM.
Hey, Mother's Day is just around a corner just a few days off this Sunday and it's the perfect time to repay Mom
who spent so many sleepless nights wondering where Harry was.
Wasn't that his name in the movie Harry?
Yeah.
The aisle mattress has the perfect mattress for you.
See, here you were thought during a movie that she could have used his help,
but he had his other issues, you know?
Right.
He was on the way to Florida.
The aisle mattress has the perfect mattress for your mom.
If your mattress is sagging lumpy or just worn out, then call the aisle mattress to a free at 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's the number for the aisle mattress they got the complete line of CD.
He's served a King Coral and Simmons for you to choose from.
You share a lot of mom's sleep, but on something you wouldn't do if you put your ass on.
So don't put this off any longer.
Call right now, nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel and Mom the same way than a great night's sleep.
Call 1-800-MACRUS.
I've done it, Miguel has done it, George has done it, smart people do it, including them too.
Fatal mattress is more repeat referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right.
Once you buy your mattress and the aisle mattress, I guarantee you, I'll bet you Carlos's life on it that you'll never go back to a showroom again.
That's freaky, Carlos.
And don't forget when you buy your mattress and aisle mattress they'll set up in the new one and take away the crappy old bedding for free.
No extra charge.
That's correct aisle mattress sets up.
The new one takes away the soil, nasty, stained, muddy old bedding for free.
So this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on a brand new bed from aisle mattress.
Get certificates available to an all-the-domination so call right now 1-800-MACRUS.
MATTRES for downer mattress.
The easy these smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
Lie high and local, we're sports video 560s.
You ain't f**king you, A.M.
What's the notion in the basket?
Coming up tonight, on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
If only he had been born into another time.
A time when his last name didn't mean Phalacio.
He was Murray head.
Well, before Murray was born, we never got any stick about our surname.
Murray head's father, Will head.
No, not a lick of trouble overhead.
Not a lick.
But unfortunately, young Murray grew up in a more cynical age.
When nowadays you can't stay head without thinking of a giant pulsing male member being inserted into somebody's mouth.
It was really hard.
I mean, it sucked.
Damn, I mean it.
Even when Murray head tries to explain himself, it gets ugly.
I mean, the toll that head takes on.
I'm trying to say that having head is exhausted.
So it was only fitting that Murray head's one big hit should contain the word f**king in the title.
Hell, it had bang in it too.
I guess people could only accept me once I sang a song about a most decadent city in the world where you can get my last name on any street corner for two bloody dollars.
Murray head.
About the only term we haven't used yet is good old oral sex.
It's a big juicy, stopping wet.
Look at your business tonight.
An inside of mine.
1044-560-WDQAM.
Apple reports brisk business.
I told you yesterday you guys are poo-pooed in, man, because you hate apple like poison.
Huck up.
An apple a day keeps the, oh, I don't know.
Keeps the free songs away.
Apple reports brisk sales of songs in first week of download service.
Store sales more than a million tracks for max, which can't access most file sharing networks.
See, this is what I didn't understand.
If you don't have a Macintosh, you can't get this service.
The iTunes.
Yeah.
It says Apple's music store is available only to people with max running the latest version of Apple's operating system.
These users have downloaded more than a million copies of the iTunes software that lets them get into the music store and buy it like honest and pay for it as opposed to stealing it like a lot of people that I can mention that I won't.
It declined to say how many people downloaded songs, half of which were sold to singles, half as part of a full album.
They won't say it, of course not.
It's embarrassing.
It's a lot of love.
Huh?
Because it'll be embarrassingly love.
Apple launched the MUX anticipated music store on April 28th offering 200,000 songs from the five major record companies for a 99 cents each.
Full album sell for a little under 10 bucks.
10 bucks!
Yeah!
What's the big bargain with that?
God.
Songs from the music store can be recorded on the way virtually unlimited number of CDs and transferred automatically to an unlimited number of portable devices provided the devices are Apple iPods.
Provided the...
They can take their Apple and you know what they can do with it?
Amen!
Even with the stem still in it.
Take your Apple and stick it on.
I agree with you.
Macintosh just leaves me cold.
Forals my blood.
Curls my brain.
5, 6, 7, we're getting tons of calls on this phenomenal movie.
Maybe one of the...
I would say one of the best 10 ever made.
I really believe that.
No question.
When you agree?
Absolutely.
Peter Boy?
No doubt.
Riveting.
He is so enthusiastic about it.
He liked a bully and kids.
That's because nobody will sell him any porn movies so he's got to watch this crap.
Because he looks about 12 years old.
That is the same.
He's still looking at the old Sears catalog.
At the boys.
Well the ones that look kind of like really boys.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
Well maybe he and the bird had something common.
Boyish and boys remember that the Phoebe Kates thing?
Let's take a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm.
Is gone?
West Palm Beach couldn't hold on.
Well they're probably still trying to figure out their butterflies.
Here's a call from Hylia.
Hello.
Hylia.
What's the story on here, Boehner Boy?
I don't know.
Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I'm not, well I'm not an ally.
I wasn't Miami.
Now I'm on the way to full of water now right now.
Okay good movie in the right direction.
Oh man I tell you.
Listen I didn't know if you'd do a favorite movie today.
But you know what movie that I like?
I don't know if you like it or not.
I like Bufly would make you more interested in that movie.
What was it?
Bufly.
Oh Bufly you broke up a little bit there.
I didn't see that.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I don't know if you like it or not.
I was a daio dude.
I was a dance tour.
God is that tape.
Those were the glorious days.
Nobody had his girlfriend calling in.
Mickey work.
Don't you remember?
I do.
He had some slutt.
I mean some girlfriend.
His girlfriend.
He had some slutt.
I mean some girlfriend.
He had some slutt.
I mean some girlfriend.
He had some slutt.
I mean some girlfriend.
He had some slutt.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
I mean some girlfriend.
You know he was a really good fan and just
I mean, because from long time ago,
awesome movie, fantastic actor.
Right.
I called you an actor,
you're going a totalTIB inicial
movie, so much day of Love.
Shake tells behind
here a few months ago uh... i'm i met him in a in a store down on the beach
and uh... my friend was a good guy to get out of the house but i'll be a
identity that i just went up to my total of the movie is really great
and uh... he really appreciated that
you can look a little kiss on the cheek no my friend wanted to know he was all
of
it
but uh... no yet excellent movie especially the the whole the whole sequence with
the mother with the diad pills and her own
how everything got so crazy with her everything i'm thinking what we ought to do
is the like different color coded pills for the audience for the callers i think
that may solve our problem that would be good
and uh... george you know that that the chick from the movies from a labyrinth
right
locating
yet okay
but you're head man to start a
excellent movie excellent movie one car
he's he's turning on you okay thanks palin on the downhill
Troy and pepper pine says i'm a homeless voice for if a homeless voice person
crosses in front of me and i have a green light is it okay to hit them
yes yes we have our permission to try okay
or if they have to be up on the uh... median there
and you make a left turn to happen to make a real sharp left turn and just not
the most of the night don't don't enjoy them too bad but if you happen like make
a real sharp look or maybe you're making a ue right right or if you're like
really really old and hopped up and blinded by you know instead of driving
through a post office about to a public service
now that's true you can't mention that many people if you got like one or two
homeless voice people on the street corner it's a lot safer than driving right
to the n post office
which seems to be happening on a very regular basis and so far
open with people hopped up on drugs that couldn't be with the senior citizens
could have right
not all give me a break
the doctors there they got everybody hooked on drugs a happy pills alone
in fact you know when they say so far is the drug capital the world and
not so much talking about illegal street drugs but don't tell that to the
government don't tell that to john Walters and the DEA
they're too busy busting people from medical marijuana out in a west coast
stuff like that crap
number one addiction food and now this is interesting because haven't I said
out it's another one of the eighty billion topics I've talked about nobody wants
to talk discussed it they're too embarrassed
haven't I always said that sugar is the most powerful
drug on the face of the earth
although I will say this but the inside of my elbow looks a little better than
a juridly though
man
that in fact uh... toward the end of that thing got so nasty i don't want to say
he'd like a little infection
you know
wow
did you see the look of it in the doctor's face yeah
pull up his sleeve
and then he grabs all the little vials and works
yeah
he said that's the violist thing i've ever seen
what's your number one addiction and i've done it food fifty seven
refined carbohydrates not just sugar but all of those things
ice cream cookies candy pies cakes pastries anything with sugar when it
anything that turns to sugar like pasta pizza all of these things food fifty seven
sex forty eight year ridershow thirty five
pot thirty three
internet twenty three nicotine twenty two
caffeine twenty i don't have any additions twenty as i mean twenty people said
that twenty freaking liars
alcohols up to nineteen
heroin eleven do you believe that
i've been all right to take a nice calls today i think i know it would explain a
lot
tv nine gambling nine shopping three cocaine three prescription drugs
three and we still can't get ecstasy spelled right it's still got none probably
because they know what that is out of three hundred and fifteen votes not one
per person this audience is worked on ecstasy
i don't think it's just young pucks doing ecstasy i think it's like people in
their twenty thirty yeah and forty's and fifty
here's a call from south mianney hello
hey me how you doing good love the show love the website agree with you about
how we're dean uh... but this is a call from somebody with a different opinion
from you and i wonder if you're gonna let me go
and then give it to you go ahead you and george are completely wrong about
this apple thing and you've missed the boat especially for someone who
claims to be a tech head
well
hang out one second please
first of all i'm not the one who says violent about it is george because i
never had a macintosh that's number one and number two i don't i don't claim to
be a tech expert like that windows
yeah remember clinton justice department trying to shut down this monopoly
remember what is how it's moving it's been ever since the justice department
you haven't heard a word about microsoft right here in
dead with the government anybody who want true security on their system will put
us o s x apple operating system on their network that's the only way the first
thing windows xp does is hot is your net
hey this guy is the funny is so hot i heard about it you've got to
well let's hear we got the computer with you down there carlos now have to do it again
so smart about computers but you're gonna do it ahead wall mart
mac it of microsoft like everybody else regardless of what's going on with the
government it doesn't make a difference on who has the better system unfortunately
all right you could say whatever you want to whoever's in bed with whatever but the
better system right now is being made by microsoft here you know if you say xp is better than
o x x oh yes this is good for what it's just already right out of the box
and if you wanted to make any changes if you wanted to do any programming on that what what do you
get the pay or the mac recognition you throw down code warrior it's ten times more
customizable by the individual user than microsoft never is not not now you're making stuff up but
no one you've never heard of code warrior no this is the problem the number one reason people
use microsoft fear and ignorance high-pods connect to windows machines it's what you don't know
that's the reason why you're using microsoft as you were this i have both machines side by side
nobody who has the two machines side by side will ever say that the windows is better
but i'm side by side now erick's on the phone yeah now erick's on a phone once and wait
that's easy to say erick wants a piece of this too unfortunately you're flat out wrong on this one
it's very you know headed Walmart how much does that can touch pay you what do you do i have both
machines unlike you i've got them side by side i've got to be the best i do it once in the box
so it doesn't work i've got a gay way i'm side by side i use them both it's like driving a
lexas and then a philorean saying the lexas is better the megatosh doesn't work well as a footstool
though this is one where you show the truth about your kid oh head against well listen what we're
gonna do is we're gonna set up a duel between the two over the weekend we'll sell tickets 50 bucks
of peace hang in there pal all right thanks see i'll let him say a thing and let him argue
with you computer nerds it's always a center we we've talked about this in a past i mean what
does everybody get so whipped up to a frenzy but it's not like you're arguing about like uh you
know which is the best flavor rice cream something important right chocolate yeah you know we
you want to pound you the last guy to because this is a guy doesn't like chocolate that he's
arguing with Carlos don't like chocolate what is our rest my case out of what do i know about
i never had a mac and tie so what do i what how do i know i've had a big mac i wasn't too crazy
about that i think i threw it up it's good for people that don't know what they're doing it's good
for people that need something to use right out of the box and have no idea about that would be
good for me no you know you know enough to not use a mac oh we had them at the wio d for all our
sound editing and everything they were freaking nightmares for that guy that doesn't think that
we've actually used them okay for graphics they're great if you're a graphics designer they used to
be let's have a duel let's have a brawl and quite a war over it 1057 at 560 wda qa mom's always been
there for us of this mother's day she deserved the softest gift for the hardest job this year pamper
her with a pajama gram she received the most luxurious pajamas along with free lavender bath tea
a gift card and you do not disturb sign all delivered in a keepsake handbox the set of pajama gram
gift shop online at pajama gram dot com or call 1 800 give pj's and they'll help you choose the
perfect pair and everybody wants the perfect pair they have branching nose and loves like Nora
and Nora crab p and Evelyn and the Tory made from premium fabrics like a jiffian cotton and fine
silk in sizes to fit any mom plus they've got gowns robes slippers and great spot products too
sending a pajama gram is a creative way to thank her and it's delivered right to her door
she'll absolutely love it it's a gift you know she'll use they're the sister company for
Montetti Burce you know you can trust the quality and you know you're going to get on time
delivery too so this mother's day sent mom the softest gift for the hardest job visit pajama
gram dot com or call 1 800 give pj's that's pajama gram dot com
my my and law six is for 205 60
you fudge back on hi i'm Microsoft founder Bill Gates today i'm here with some sad sad news
i only earned 65 billion dollars in the last fiscal quarter which is slightly lower than the
projected 70 nano-jillion dollars i was hoping for so this means i'll have to put on hold several
projects i was hoping to start like micro soft ice cream ms a b c and my plans to infiltrate
the justice department plus i might not be able to buy the cringlin for my wife on her birthday
this year besides the roof on my 66 million dollar home is leaking a little so that's why i'm
asking you to contribute to me bill Gates just send me your money and no one has to get hurt
believe me your money is very important to me and to everyone on this planet because if you send me
enough money i'll show my gratitude by not blacking out the sun is previously planned this is Bill Gates
and i thank you for your kind generosity great upstanding our house we all know what love knowing
him like poison that's why i don't understand you hate Bill Gates i hate Bill Gates he should be
eaten yep well agree he didn't invent any of the things that he's selling they have nothing to do
with him except he gets the money i wish i wish uh mac was better i would love to tell windows to
go up themselves and give my money to somebody right but unfortunately it is not to this point
they are not they're still a good ways away they suck yeah you don't have to get so psychotic
about it though i thought we're gonna have like a blood bath there but that's the way that you
computer people are i think that'd be a good pull i think we have tomorrow's pull no well
no seriously i mean it fits right in because it's a bit of a vote center pool is is online you know
using something right even if it's not one that they own if they're doing it work or uh you know
if there a time-stealing weasel as mad the mad dog calls him what is that by the way time-stealing weasel
what is he talking about i don't know i mean what he's trying to talk about when he says that our
guys at work who are just the dicking around on the computer are supposed to be working kind of
strange though kind of bizarre well it's probably a sports thing five six seven oh five sixty let's
fight it out baby windows against the big mac if i get a big mac i throw it out the window myself
he called back he wanted to talk to me out the air why it's like a religion with them you want
to even this me i've been laws that are apple people and you can't for love or money your happen
oh when it big grades the invasion of the apple people it's like fundamentalist Christians
i'm putting that on my list the apple people they're rotten to the core
it's where we're going to film it in the big apple just come down the hook i think
tap pop one of them green ones okay it'll do you a lot of good oh the purple one that's almost
new and pop a purple one here's the call from i me b tello hello yes sir hey how you doing now
good here you how you doing great hey Neil uh i don't know you're not a sports guy you don't
have a sport but this has nothing to do with sports you the guy the coaching a foreign
of alapan i just want to know what your opinion was on that i don't because i don't know
i think about it i don't care the guy brought it up earlier and he said that he was uh
going to a strip club or something like that and we already talked about that but i don't know
the details i'm not just going to start the you know pontificating why we need to know the story
you know the story no yeah exactly we don't know that story because we don't see now that guy
was a good guy there was in the first hour and he called me and if i may have been the first call
and he was uh you know a good caller but the fact of the matter is he said well you're not
really don't follow sports and that's not true see there is at this point to a big thing
a big difference all my life i've been a sports fan i've got to a zillion baseball games are
going to play a pro football games zillions of hockey games uh i used to broadcast college in high
school basketball so don't tell me i'm not a sports fan there's a different between a
class and addition to which as you as things change as things have gotten more mercenary the big
bucks and a whole chain and then the expansion and the watering down are what used to be really
enjoyable events you become at least for me less and less interested so there's a difference
between somebody who was a sports fan who enjoys watching uh i i guarantee you any Sunday
i will i will bet all of your lives on it then on a given Sunday when you got the NFL
package i'll watch more NFL football when you combine all the different you know games that
i'll watch uh on the package then then then any of them all the people on our station put together
all these so-called sports experts because first of all mad dog and howard they're doing a dolphin
game right every week uh hank he the espn sends him off to do one game every week so he sees that one
he'll see the monday night game on tv unless he's working it and basically that's it
so how can you talk about all the other games when you haven't seen any of them that's what goes
on in this radio station and you wonder why these people don't talk about hockey at all
other than guilty how many to how if you took all the people on q a and the so-called sports experts
and put them together how many hockey games you think they've seen in their lives yeah right and
that's exaggerating i think i'm talking about games in their entirety how can you talk about
something that you know nothing about that would be like me getting involved in that argument
you guys just had about the apple and uh windows what the hell do i know about it i got my computer
here my cheap off brand although it's fine it would be nice to have some sound on it but we don't
and even if we did i still couldn't run it through the board because they didn't think about that
but that's okay i'm not complaining my equipment here's a lot better than yours we have thunderstorms
here all night last night not one piece of equipment see that that's something i don't understand
every time there's like a bird flies over down there we come in in the morning oh this doesn't work
and computers are all screwed yeah it's like uh everything is screwed up here we have thunderstorms
lightning and crap and rain pouring like crazy i hate this place nothing works here and i don't
have any problem here everything is working just fine in the studio but what do i know my computer
works i know you know over the last three and see i think that those people are too lazy i don't
want to mention any name but i'm not sure if i think there are people on this station and outside
of it who poo poo the internet who don't know anything about it because they've never taken the time
to learn how to do a computer it's not that difficult if i can do it uh although you know i'm
pretty good with like setting up stereos and TVs and gonna settle like this is because i've
had a lot of experience doing it i have no problem with doing that stuff but it's it's a rocket
science and it's so enjoyable all the things you can do on there once you get past the first
frustrating part of figuring out what the hell how to do it right right did i make my point i
don't think so you sound like the press or reading of a fact we're getting hate faxes from apple
users now i know it we struck the rawner of man i think we'll take that pull tomorrow although it's
it's pretty limited you know i mean what are you gonna ask i guess maybe we can make it with him
phony up some different questions about uh you know we could just ask them what do you use or what
do you prefer you know what do you prefer okay what what is the best not what do you will use what do
you like what would you rather get your hands on and you know in all their points have nothing to do
with anything like oh oh a microsoft ripped off that what are they saying microsoft ripped off
apple concepts like uh you know like the the graphic interface which is where you get to click on
an icon and make it work yeah that's true but you know in all fairness i'm not taking sides but
in all fairness they'll be like saying Ben and Jerry's ripped off uh briars because they made ice cream
you know Ben and Jerry they ripped off the ice man frozen water right i mean just because
somebody else was came along first doesn't mean that what they offer you is the best correct
correct necessarily here's a call from uh Davy hello you know i have great news for you this
morning the rower county uh commission passed a resolution uh condemning the us patriot act the
us patriot act two and the right emergency health power that excellent and so now uh
vfo doesn't have to arrest people and keep them under detention without just cause and not tell
anybody about it librarians they don't have to but they probably still will well but the
counties behind these people now you know and they're sending them that's just a both push
administration there's one i'm not going to take you know we're not we're not going to take their
letting you know they're usurping our rights sitting down that's what you know you got to
congratulate the the brown county commissioners thank you there's a little bit of good news for
huh brown county joining the growing list of counties and municipalities and the cities and
places across the country saying just say to patriot act parts one through a hundred okay to
fat you know forget about patriot act just say no to fascism stop using nine eleven as an excuse to
take away people's liberties but predicted back then and it's growing way beyond our wildest fears
isn't appropriate there's oh here's the story backtell tied to bin Laden's that's a good one
who's saying son for a billion dollars out just before the war bank aid say we'll get to that
secret Joe McCarthy hearings open after 50 years this is the one i want to get to in a minute or two
and a moment or two at least a memento and then tell me see i have great
crappitation i was so enthusiastic i slept out to two different stories yesterday to make
sure i couldn't fill my full list out get all these movies which i did i got everyone i wanted
and now i mean bully suck i don't care what you say bully was really it was it was awful
it was awful i mean you know you build it up with the sound of teenagers having a lot of sex and
getting stoned yeah but the first of all the the story was pointless they're gonna kill one kid
because he picked on his friend since he were little kids okay yeah so the whole bunch of
these people decide okay we'll kill him it was just depressing it depressing without any
entertainment at least we're at record room for a dream was it kept you riveted it was it was so
well made it was so well acted bully looks like a home movie by comparison i mean you think
that Larry Clark who seems to be this chicken queen to me is what he seems like and again i you
know i apologize Larry if i'm wrong but that's what you seem like to me uh at least get some good taste
okay at least find some uh young people to put in there who look at except the two chicks which
i agree with it there would do two but two out of 10 ain't all that good you know it's 20%
nine yeah and if you can tell me some other reason why you like the movie i'd love to hear what
one long time ago i thought you know it was a true story i thought it was gritty there's a lot of
things that are a true story that doesn't mean that it's a well made movie about it yeah right right
there've been a lot of war movies and the wars were all true stories did that all the war
movies were good no no although i did like a born on the 4th of july in fact when i saw that we had
not i feel better because i remember after you got me to see that and in fact George gave me to see
me and i brought it up here and i watched it and uh it was also very depressing but nevertheless it
was uh well i could it was good and nobody talked about that either so i'm not going to feel bad about
um uh donny brasco because this i don't know what color watch and maybe just all porn movies which
is fine but once in a while like maybe one out of every 10 would be good one out of every
about 30 man well either i don't have that cute i mean i've only got the two machines right i don't
have the luxury of having that in my thing like you do when when they are refresh when they
refurbish my uh deep my hard drive refurbish my hard one i and of course it will be an apple
an apple a day keeps the repairs away that's what that guy said and you guys just and uh see i
don't i don't listen to any of it because i've heard Eric and Carlos getting in it with back and
forth and all everybody who's a computer wicked every one of them you can't you can't get them
to agree on anything even what they had a week in it well then it should make you kevel to see
uh Eric and Carlos bonding over this issue oh thank god yeah Eric Eric i'm so pleased and apple
a day tells the whole world you're gay well they are very colorful machines though
aren't they they do come in pink so if you have a pink computer please call
her right away call us whatever you want 12 minutes after 11 at 560 wd qm happy two's day to you
if you're in a dead end job if you're pretty unhappy and speaking of computers you want to be in a great
new high paying computer job like beener boy here's the answer for you get the training where do you
do it you do it at fast train column tool free they'll give you all the information they'll explain
it to you and write it on the uh write off the baton just for sure at months you can have the
train to get yourself into a great high paying job call 1 866 fast train and don't forget fast
train offers convenient day evening weekend classes you can get more information about the services
they offer you on their website fast train dot com and they got locations all over town so if
you're worried about uh fitting it into your schedule no problem because there's a lot of
we want to be one close by you you won't have to do a lot of schlepping they have locations in my
any kindle pember pines and for a lot of it also like i said there's about to be one convenient for
where you live so get out of your dead end job once and for all and get yourself the training for
a new real high paying career in a big fat impressive paycheck and don't forget to register at fast
train dot com to receive your free american flag bumper sticker too pick it up and wave it in a
year and the bumper sticker too call fast train today toll free 1 866 fast train and be sure and
tell them that old time trek told you to call my life and look this is for real by city
way way
no how gazillionaire bill gates spends his spare time yes and did it you it's billionaire gazillionaire
bill gates worth over 52 billion and let's just the money i counted however i do like my downtime
as a matter of fact currently i met the home depot in east trowel's berg pennsylvania
let me get one of these orange vested kids off show you how i have fun step excuse me uh do you work here
yeah how much do you make an hour five dollars well what would you say if i gave you five thousand
dollars yeah man what you want i'm bill gates you know yeah here's all you have to do yeah
i locked off 40 feet with this chainsaw what you talking about mr. gates
so i'd i give you ten thousand you can call me stumpy
funny little man 1117 at 560 w3 i'm sorry anyway lini emails me and says that the
apple people are it's like a religion to them they're fanatic and that what i just said
she knows uh there's many apple people and they're all like fanatics if they're obsessed
you can't have a conversation with them about they're neurotic about it i don't i don't
understand it they're right we're wrong that's all there is to it okay jargis the minute he said
you're right and he's wrong that we just said right five six seven oh five sixty let's see
djess is oh this is pathetic oh my god i'm listen i'm gonna tell you something you people
to think i'm exaggerating i've been trying to warn you for years it was coming you could smell it
you could smell the goose stepping in the ear you could smell the this burning rubber
calorado springs calorado country station k k c s has suspended two just this jockeys for playing
the dixie chicks violating a ban imposed after the group criticized president bush
we pulled their music two months ago and it's been a difficult decision because how can you
ignore the hottest group in country music station manager jerry grant said he said there's been
discussion about whether to reinstate the music for the dj's Dave Moore and Jeff singer became impatient
they made it very clear that they support wholeheartedly the president of the u.s.
they support wholeheartedly the troops the military but they also support the right of free speech
grant said the stations received a couple hundred calls and seventy five percent favorite playing
the music you ready for that yeah grant and said more and singer will be out for a couple of
days they're suspended for a couple of suspended ascents i gave them an alternative stop it now
they're beyond suspension they can continue playing them and when they come out of the studio they
won't have a job how do you like that the station plans to play the group's music again eventually
most stations are starting to play them again any song here a song there i just have a problem
with the way this was done he said ale managerio we would have them put in a what's your craft
so in other words well once we feel the heat is off we'll back and play it again yeah what a
cowardly pile of Schmidt man what do you can smell it all the way from calorado springs all the way
across the border i can smell it here god smells like elephant crap
okay oh here is a real hysterical
facts windows is what people have been forced to use because of superior marketing only since about
windows two thousand professionalist windows been reasonably stable over like the time and it's got
xp but but but are all based on anti-technology i don't have time to meet all these letters and numbers
i i don't will be on the four o'clock oce x is based on unix
on unix a us that has been used for over 20 years well what is a us
at west i this is not in the language that i speak right sorry i don't speak computer lingo okay
it says apples i'd like but they're expensive machines and does have a bit to go but they're now
using unix which is a great thing i think we i think that the apple fanatics are unix
uh
no i seriously i i think that's the problem
don't cut
i i i it's it's got to be me to be this obsessive about something like that in fact the last
apple guy that i know what he said i don't have a penis i've never had one i swear yeah
unix try rest of the case because i don't understand any but okay it's just silly crap it's
it just to get so whipped up into a frenzy about what kind of computer you're gonna buy okay
let's go buy one
the dowel here's homestead hello
hey good morning Neil yes sir hey what about kleylood's
they're prerequisite to the dream yeah that's true hey also
oh right away the good news is the good news how that erick spelled ecstasy right it got a vote
finally now that they know what it meant go ahead the spirit of dates compiles you
it's not a little bit like Reverend Jones to make sure it is five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the 18 and T in Verizon line we're asking we got 397 votes not too shamby even
carlest is impressed what's your number one addiction food 74 658 pot 42
the near Roger show 38 alcohol 31 i don't have any addictions 31 near liars i don't i don't
believe that for men do you believe it nope the internet 30 caffeine 27 nicotine 24 tv 12 heroin 11
i don't believe that either gambling ten shopping for prescription drugs only four i don't
believe that for a minute cocaine three ecstasy one of course the thing with prescription drugs is
the people at our hookdown most of them don't realize it right like poor Ellen Burston she was
Burston that's why she had to lose that weight she was Burston at the seams with that red dress
and then the amazing part about that well one of the so many amazing things is every time she turned
on the TV it was only to one that maybe that was the money for our show it was never went off the
game show channel that guy looked like more downy you know what uh huh only more downy died before
they made the movie but it looked a lot like him and they were doing a lot i was waiting for the
juicy man to come on her because everybody was juiced up on that thing they were juicing this
and juicing that they were all doing the juice i was waiting for the juice to come on and let kill
somebody five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 we sure got a long way from
right we him for a dream all the way over to apple and uh Windows Bill Gates against uh is it
Steve Jobs is he still with apple i don't think so is he gone i guess i thought they're all gone i
thought they all cashed out i see here's Merimar hello a Neil yes sir hey how's it going man great
hey when you're talking about the predictions there but i could probably check up a few on that list
bro yeah sounds like it yeah hey uh hey these guys are uh there's not good about uh
about uh yeah yeah bro Bill Gates right i mean uh magnate us and Windows yeah
hey i think uh i think go geese i think he actually owns a big piece of apple computer
does he owns a big piece huh yeah
he all Neil yeah
come on bird i'll get it together
he all the time to be uh he's blowing out
letting that blow it out i can i can smell it all the way up here how soon can he be
he can probably be in a couple of hours if he didn't know how strong the stuff was up here
hey listen have a good one for us pali all right and don't use the hero little kid yeah
he's wrapping it in the hero wow that was pretty sorry at least we got somebody happy down here
you know that's another reason why if you're in south florida you gotta be stoned out of your mind
as much as possible because it's actually pressing god damn place okay but he's oblivious and
for obvious if i yours wanted me to hang put him on hold so he can get the number
but you find out where he's getting the good crap our 67 look at that 68 degrees and sunny here today
oh it's gonna be like paradise it's gonna be paradise in spot of the effing the york times okay
so senator joma carthy hearings open after 50 years this is from the washington post
50 years after senator joma carthy's scorched earth investigation into supposed
communist infiltration of america's most sensitive institutions secret transcripts released
on monday at another layer to tarnish his place in history and by the way joma carthy if you're
listening in that big graveyard in the sky your gay the five thousand pages from his closed
door hearing show no smoking guns no one covered spies no verification of conspiracy theories
on which he built his political career macarthy had shop-borne goods and fishing expeditions
said don witchie the senate's associate historian to begin pouring over the transcripts in 1976
he said the files won't provide fodder for any revisionist arguing macarthy was right
no one macarthy summoned went to jail even the few who were convicted of contempt won on appeal
but his probes ruined lives and careers will improve a hints of communist taint
the documents were released in a joint venture authorized by senators carol levin of michigan and
susan collins of main then respectively the top democrat republican on the senate permanent
committee on investigations macarthy's platform macarthy flourished during cold war anxieties with
some parallels to today's fear of terrorism levin said the hearings were a reminder of tactics
that can be used to quiet the centers and the need to resist those who try to steal voices of
disagreement ice gone carol you go boy because the macarthy era is back big time
joe macarthy lives and he lives right there in washington dc
he lives in peanut can he lives in the american enterprise institute he lives in the heritage
foundation he lives all these right wing them think tank not the organization is what he lives in
and it's up to you you can either be a oblivious and stay stone out of your mind like this last
guy who was a happy camper or you can like maybe do something about like registered vote next time
and i'll put up with this crap no mo which more and more people i'm talking to are saying that no
mo let's just go with mo lately he just the kind of i don't know it's kind of boring these days you know
well let's do something yeah let's let's now we don't have to do something let's wait for him to do
something you're like wake up get out of his lethergy maybe this last guy can get him some good
crap maybe you can stuff it in his bag 11 27 at 5 60 at the time at you q a m you know mother's
days coming up this Sunday the folks in Vermont teddy bear have been busy hand making some great
new bears for you and for your mom your mom your wife your grandma deserves something extra
special this year show them how much you appreciate them by sending your authentic Vermont teddy bear
she'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and
gourmet candy in a colorful gift box they've got great bears waiting for you like the spa mob bear
mom's biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear believe me i can tell you there's nothing
like being a queen for a day dad that's your job to get a grip from the kid from the kids and the
mother and cup said is a perfect idea as many comes as you want with her names imported run
in the little outfits it's a lot more creative and cute and thoughtful than flowers and unlike
the flowers which die in just a matter of hours this gift will last a lifetime so call 1 800 829
bear and a friendly bear council will help you tell her a bear just for her social know you put
some real thought in your gift this year you won't believe the incredible the amazing reaction you're
going to get ordering as quick and easy to just one easy phone call 1 800 829 bear or you can
shop online on your apple on your whatever at Vermont teddy bear dot com this year thank mom for all
she does with a Vermont teddy bear call 1 800 829 B.E.A.R.
I'm going to look all this is by city the radio is all yours
I'm going to get you in
but I have a heart or a liver
not you don't believe what just happened there sure well that is the most amazing thing
that I've ever seen on a CD deck now I'm not sure it's going to play when I hit it and probably
because it's an apple does apple make CD player
rock and roll are you ready to rock because here we go you don't play your music and I won't call
the police he's singing something that's not a song it wants you to strict keys to music
the
hit from a crew that plays instruments I can't never keep singing no
what's the kind of music for you this really beautiful
I never be heard again
She's so cool.
She can do the video and the things that it was.
She's so good.
Yeah, that's such a good show.
But I don't tell you.
I'm falling in love with it.
I'll let the rock show go.
The song's over.
Oh, right.
1131 at 560.
Now, the amazing thing is, down
away, the person who sent this facts with the fact that you
forwarded to me.
Yeah.
It says in big letters, that guy was wasted.
No.
Come on.
That's why I think.
I don't believe it.
I want to retract something I said about we got X to see spelled right on our
website.
I just looked at it again.
There's only one C X to C. I don't want to pick on you.
That's so, but there's only one C. It's ASY.
OK, not ACY.
He's obsessed with the C. Maybe you're teaching me a lingo.
And also, we never put porno on there.
Didn't we agree to put porno on there?
Somebody suggested that.
That was a good idea.
Not on there.
Our poll is a little, you know, our poll is lame.
It's a drooping.
X to C's got two votes now.
And I bet if we spelled it right, it might actually have a couple more.
436 votes.
Most people are addicted to food number one and sex number two and pot number three.
And this show number four.
That's it.
Big Arnie says, I'm not an apple person.
I prefer bananas.
Windows XP is fantastic.
He says also,
Mad Dog always used to call me corporate time-stealing Weasel when I faxed him for
more.
But now I've lost his facts.
So I'll steal time for my company with you.
There you go.
Thank you, big Arnie.
56670560.
Oh, not another one of these.
I can't believe it.
Your so-called computer whiz-beener boy,
has shown his true colors.
He's 100% wrong about the XPOS.
The best operating system in the world is Unix.
I told you there are a bunch of Unix.
All the most important institutions,
military government hospitals use Unix when reliability is critical.
Linux and Mac OS X use VSD,
which is based on Unix.
So they're inherently better than XP.
Is there anybody in the world who understands,
hey, this is maybe a wrong Linux is great when they start developing Linux.
More they actually get some mind.
Is he still got a security blanket?
It's going to mind.
This is a unique just because something's based on something doesn't make it good.
You can just read in the facts.
Don't argue with me about it.
Okay, it says the only reason XP is better is that there's so many more apps written
for Windows than the others because it's monopoly.
Windows 2000 was the best evolution of the Windows OS.
XP is just a bloated mess that requires
double the memory and hard drives space because it's spying on everything you do.
It says I'm not an Apple user.
Haven't had one since 1995.
I'm just telling you the facts.
I don't know what they're teaching,
beener boy, and that's so called school.
He went to but I have a clue.
Who said he went to school?
Yeah, kind of for school.
You went to what?
I can't even go to school.
He's still a computer off the back of a pickup truck.
It says that's why I have all comp tea assertive again.
Oh, it just goes on.
All I can say is like everything in life.
You shouldn't criticize what you don't know.
In this case, the beener showing his ignorance.
PS beener's boys voice makes George sound like Don Pardo.
Tom to shut his little past the best elite the whole.
What's a past elite though?
Shut your past elite the whole a little pastry past the little see.
I see see.
Yeah, shut your past elite a hold your little bit.
Well, he doesn't talk that much.
He just talks once in a way while to make George sound more macho.
I guess the guys on with our act.
Thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
Let's argue about computers.
OK, now just sit back and pick an app because God, it's so boring.
It really is.
It is.
I can't think of many things in the world because it's just it's the
fanatical people.
Most of us who have computers, I'll give you another example.
It's like cars.
You like what you like.
I like Corvettes.
I drive Corvettes.
OK, I can afford them.
I drive them.
I enjoy them.
Not everybody likes Corvettes, but for me to sit here and try to talk you into it.
If you like a crappy little Mustang, you can probably afford a crappy little Mustang.
Drive whatever a 50 like you were doing that was in the movie.
You had me watched that awful bully.
Who is it that had the 50?
I don't know.
It's a long time ago when I saw it.
Oh.
Now why did you send me this back?
I can't say that on the year.
That's why I sent it to you.
Oh, yeah.
Of course, just for you.
That we can't talk about.
Oh, itself.
Let's see.
Here's the fact is I saw a memento.
And if it wasn't for the fact that I rented the VB instead of buying it, I'd be using it
as a coaster.
Oh, great.
I don't care what Fagadorin says, but after about 30 minutes, you'll also want to lose
your short-term memory.
Oh, yeah.
Fagadorin didn't recommend it.
Fagadorin never saw it.
It was a beanable, I think.
Yeah.
Well, you know something.
I learned my lesson.
And if I put more of these on, I certainly have plenty of juice for now.
If I put one of mine and it looks like it's going to suck, I'll go in the car.
And then I'll go back to the next one.
I think that's the right one.
I think that's the right one for a dream.
I made a bad, bad, bad mistake.
Or I'll watch Ripley and for a dream again.
That's how good it was.
I watched it again today.
That's how much I enjoyed it.
Just to see some of the things I've been missing.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I haven't been able to get through to you, but I want to let you know that I saw
Reckham for a dream, Hampshire a couple years ago.
Yeah.
And everybody that I know that seeing that movie loves it is an amazing movie.
It gets better every time you see it.
And like just the music.
If you ever hear the soundtrack or anything like on a CD, it brings you right back to where
the movie was.
Like the whole feeling and everything.
And also, I want to let you know that this movie that comes with it, if you buy the
two pack on it.
Why did you stop playing the music?
If you buy it.
If you buy it, it comes with this movie called Pie.
Yeah.
And that's also like a crazy movie like that.
That was Darren Irrinoff.
He's first movie.
Yeah, it's a crazy movie.
Same similar cinematography.
It's a great movie.
And, you know, I just want to let you know that everyone who hasn't seen Reckham for a
dream needs to get back.
Amen.
Well said, Polly.
Thanks.
No, I want to see Pie.
I'm going to go out and get pieced to a mother-hubbered one.
Oh, and you know, I kept asking this this morning.
I've looked and looked.
I can't find the story about the brawl they had in LA at Denny's last night.
I saw it on the news.
And man, they were just going ape-shmitting.
They were throwing chairs and tables and glasses and plates.
And it was incredible.
I haven't seen any footage of it flipping around.
At Lenny, I mean Denny's.
And I scoured the internet.
Irviedem, even the LA Times is more.
I couldn't find nothing on it.
Maybe they just made it up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me grab my list, man.
I got so many things I want to tell you.
Hey, you know what?
I saw Requiem and it's definitely one of my favorite movies all time.
And also I wanted to suggest happiness.
Have you seen that or George?
Never heard of it.
It's a director by the name of Todd So long, I believe.
And it's actually about a child molester, too.
A pedophile.
And there's about four or five different stories running through the flick.
And it's just very, very, very disturbing.
But definitely I would, I don't know if I would buy it, but it's definitely one of those
weird flicks that didn't get a lot of flight, but it's just incredibly disturbing, just
like Requiem.
Okay.
And then the other two things I had for you.
Did you read the Iceman comments by Maureen Dowd the other day?
Yes, we had it on the website.
Okay.
Well, that was very good.
And also did you see the story where Rummy's company actually helped build the nuclear reactors
in North Korea?
Yes, we also had that on there, too.
Okay.
We're on it, man.
Kelly, man.
Just incredible.
The hypocrisy, man, of our time.
And the public is the movie number like that.
You know, they're busy watching the crap.
And I don't know if that story, Rummy and all the Republicans were screaming.
I watch the heat, he didn't say anything, but they were all screaming bloody murder when
Clinton was letting those reactors go up.
And of course, they didn't know that Rummy was like the director of the board of the company
that got $2 billion for doing it.
Just another one of those coincidences, I guess, right?
It is just this.
All right.
So, hey, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Yeah, we read that story yesterday, I do believe, the night.
Yeah, positive.
Mm-hmm.
Bechtel tied to bin Laden's.
This is from CNN, not some ultra-liberal website.
This is from CNN.
It used to be like a news network once upon a time, but nevertheless it says from the CNN
money website, the Bush administration lost the war on terror because of the alleged
facts of the alleged act of Osama bin Laden.
Ironically, one of the companies the administration has picked to rebuild Iraq after the latest
phase of that war has ties to bin Laden's family according to a published report.
Bechtel Corporation, a private construction firm based in San Francisco, recently was awarded
a State Department contract, potentially worth more than $600 million to help rebuild
Iraq's infrastructure after the recent U.S. led war there.
The Bush administration pushed for that war because it said the regime was Sodom, former
leader of Iraq had ties to the Al-Qaeda terror network headed by bin Laden.
The group allegedly responsible for 9-11.
According to an article in the May 5th issue of New Yorker magazine, several bin Laden
family members, part of a large Saudi Arabian family that made a fortune in the construction
business, invested about $10 million in a private equity fund operated by former subsidiary
Bechtel before 9-11.
You following that?
Huh?
They invested about $10 million in a private equity fund operated by a former subsidiary
Bechtel before 9-11.
Not that they knew something.
The three-month group of San Francisco-based private investment firm once was a unit
of Bechtel and its board still includes Bechtel CEO Riley P. Bechtel and former U.S. Secretary
of State and former Bechtel President George P. Schultz along with several current Bechtel
directors.
Bechtel could not be reached for comment.
Freemont spokeswoman Pat Hardin confirmed bin Laden's family had invested $10 million
in a Freemont fund, but she said the family had no ownership stake in Freemont and its
investment was made well before the events of September 11.
Well, not that they knew something was coming.
And isn't it amazing how we allowed them to whisk them back off and get them out of
the country back to Saudi Arabia for their safety?
Right, right after 9-11 they have been lied in family.
Mighty whitetailess.
The Bush family's close personal friends and business associates.
11-41 at 560 WQM has some great deals for you from our friends at Haled Potty Act
GMC.
They're practically it's not Christmas yet, it's the long ways off, but it might just
as well be.
Tom Leman and Joe Prado have got three great deal deals, the likes of which is seldom
referred.
Nailed deal number one, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every potty echo GMC in
stock.
Nailed deal number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in potty act in stock.
Let me say it again, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock at Haled
Potty Act right now.
And Nailed deal number three, if you're currently a GMC smart, GM smart, laser smart by customer
and drive a Chevy Blazer old provider or GMC Jimmy, buy or lease a new potty act or GMC
and get an extra $1,000 off the price.
Wider at Haled, why not take a couple of minutes and test drive the all new spiffy and powerful
potty act grand prix too.
Haled Potty Act GMC, they are unbeatable as far as service election and as far as price.
You'll find them at 134-1 South Texas, Ohio, that's US-1, right across from the falls open
every day, seven days a week.
For more information on these great deals called the Nailed deal hotline tool free, 1-885-344-4211,
be sure and tell that Bob Eisenberg told you to call 1-885-344-4211, don't forget all
Nailed deals, subject to credit and prophecy dealer for details.
Haled Potty Act GMC make no mistake about it, they are professional grade.
We're sports radio 560-2AM.
The table and rate me.
Well congratulations, get a life.
Go for the finest and online casino gambling.
Call 1-800-1.
Call debts.
Remember him.
Don't read it, it's a jundit for the fences.
It's so old.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, ow.
Sit at there, I'm still spry.
Now listen up to boy, remember that bomb I dropped them two mouth-easy-stoid-bugles over there.
Yeah, you sure showed them.
Show them what?
Dad's something.
Yeah, but I ain't through with them yet, see?
It just so happens I got another bomb that dropped.
Like this?
No, not that kind of bomb you're more on.
So this was even picket number four.
Okay, what is it?
Well as you know, ginger rages does have show up in canter deer.
A?
Yeah, but what you don't always, ginger flies as love at that fag of the torn of their every weekend.
Yeah.
Yeah, for hot gays and now.
Tell another thing, don't believe what you're hearing yet.
Them two have been grabbing each other's deep bags for years now.
Boy, that's some bomb.
I ain't through yet, stupid.
I paid a great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves it and my husband.
The leave ginger's spot open last weekend, you see?
What you're about to hear is that pipe smoking ginger rages and that train monkey
bag of the torn dance together in a romantic and breath.
That sounds like it's pretty good.
I don't know this.
Okay.
Got the car.
Let's do it.
I mean here is my other one.
One, two, three.
Yeah.
I paid a great deal of money.
Nothing good.
I am not doing this.
I'm doing this.
I'm doing this.
I'm doing this.
I'm doing this.
This is the dead.
They sure us.
We got each other aren't they?
Ah.
That's my son.
I saw him so well.
Oh, my God.
The big one.
Oh, fuck her.
It's all a problem.
I'm going to fuck my way.
Dad.
Here.
We're all.
We're both stuck.
We're both stuck.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
It's all a problem.
That's him.
Oh, it's just wet.
I'm going to fuck her.
I'm going to fuck her.
I'm going to fuck her.
I'm going to fuck her.
I'm going to fuck her.
I'm going to fuck her.
1147-560-WQM-SOME.
Look at on my email here,
the George Just sent me.
Where did you get this?
Oh, it was right there on the Yahoo thing
when I was looking at his bio earlier.
We were talking about Jared Lito
who was in Requiem for a dream.
And that was one of the pictures that was there.
And I thought that you might like to see him
all cleaned up and now.
Oh, man.
I thought you were sending another
entrance for our Hot Couples contest
because I think he's probably got a hot couple.
We have new ones.
Carlos says.
One.
We do have new ones.
I got one.
I'm going to go check.
We have one.
We got to do it today.
I don't understand what's taking the audience.
I guess maybe we're just not going to have a lot of interest
in that.
I have no idea why.
We certainly give it a way crappier,
less meaningful prizes in the past.
Three-day two-night stay for two
at the Royal Oasis Resort
and Casino and in Bahamas with Round Trip Airfare
on Lake Arrayer and runner up
at Stinifort 2 at the Pizza Law.
All you have to do any couples out there
when they're on our Hot Couples contest,
you've got till May 15th,
that's a week from Thursday
to an email us your picture,
just a photo.
When I'm looking for naked pictures,
although you know,
somebody in there probably is looking for naked pictures,
just pictures.
That's all.
So we can see what you look like
and then the audience can vote.
Thursday May 22nd.
After we...
The 15th, we put the pictures up on the web
for the audience to vote on for the Honest Couple
and Thursday May 22nd.
Couple of the most votes from the audience
wins the contest.
That's it.
And we're going to be doing this May,
June and July, three months consecutive.
If we get some response then,
what do we got about eight?
Eight?
Eight and Prince Pretty Lane.
In fact, I'm putting Jared in there, I think.
Oh, man.
I told you I thought he looked pretty good.
I mean, he was made up to look this year
and like kind of a stumble bum in a movie
because he was busy with drugs,
selling and doing and buying and whatever.
So he looked all seedy.
That picture there is from
when he was on my so-called life,
which is old now.
So he...
That's a young Jared leader there.
Well, how long ago was that?
I don't know.
Five years, six.
I'm not sure.
That's okay.
It's very clear, Danes.
Never saw you, Jordan.
Clear Danes was also in my so-called life.
I don't even remember him.
Well, different strokes for different folks.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I had a stroke.
Five, six, seven, oh five,
six, eight, eight, eight,
eight, eight, eight, and eight.
In Verizon, wireless line.
He's a fine American, Jared Lido.
Here's Hialeah.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Well, first off, I'd like to say pie.
That was a great movie.
I saw it.
I had some hippie math teacher show
to do in a math class one day
because she wanted us to be more culture.
It was a good movie.
And also for all these people with the
Windows computers and the apples
backing off,
it doesn't really matter what computer
have as long as you can get some porn.
There you go.
Simple as that.
And he clicked.
Click real fine.
Hang it.
Of course.
What's wrong with that?
What's he...
Run away from?
I maybe he's going back to see some
I guess.
Apparently.
He was in Hialeah.
Uh-huh.
Not too exciting in Hialeah.
So I guess they stay locked inside
on their websites all day long.
Wouldn't you?
Squeezing it,
rubbing it,
yanking it,
twisting it,
making figure eights out of it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon Wireless Line.
On yourranges.com today,
what's your number one edition?
Food 87.
Duh!
Sexy 72.
Yourranges show 49.
Top 48.
Alcohol 42.
Caffeine 33.
Internet 33.
I don't have any 33 lines
through their teeth.
We don't believe anyone here.
33 Liars.
Nicotine 29.
TV 19.
Heroine 14.
Hahahaha.
Gambling 10.
Shopping 5.
Cocaine 5.
Prescription drugs still only four.
I don't think most of the people
hooked on a prescription drugs
are the head computers.
Right.
Uh-huh.
They're too busy making a drive
through with the nearby post office.
Prescription drugs for ecstasy 2
and porno has one.
Just one on their 400-86 votes.
Porno has one.
How can they let the...
Oh!
...eftily?
I mean, there's some people call it porno.
To me, that's like, I don't know.
Wouldn't you, don't you call it porno?
Okay.
Sure.
Porno.
Porno is on so stayed.
So stiff, I can say that.
Here's a call speaking of stiff.
Porno St. Lucy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh-uh.
A movie that I saw that I thought was pretty powerful.
Not a lot of commercial success.
This movie called Gatica.
I'm not sure if it was a thing that had
Ethan Hawke and Umat Thurman.
It was called Gatica.
It's a futuristic world
with all the people are genetically,
you know, created.
There's no...
And the people that are, you know,
born of, you know,
natural
ways or look down on, like, third-class citizens.
And the movie has some serious
undertones of, uh,
you know,
lots of personal freedom and stuff like that.
Everywhere you go, you have to give a sample
your blood so they can make sure that you
you are who you really say you are.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, it's a scary movie for a lot of reasons.
What, how old is that movie?
Uh, maybe three years.
It was not about the same time.
Wow, I don't know.
It was not about two, three years ago.
Gatica.
It's a really powerful movie.
And I also heard the ratings for Palm Beach
yesterday if you wanted me to enlighten you.
Sure, go ahead.
Uh, men 25, 54.
You were the top rated talk show.
Oh, right.
Up against, you know,
three others that you pretty much blew away.
Uh, you were four-graded overall,
but it just didn't count the hour by hour.
So I'm not sure if the mad dog brought you up,
brought you down.
But, uh, you were right on the,
the, uh,
pay all of the other three shows.
So it's, you know,
10 to three, you're right there in Palm Beach Market.
Excellent.
I'm looking for a raise.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
Check out Gatica.
I think you like it.
How you spell that?
Uh, G-A-T-I-C-A, maybe?
No, it's a G-A-T-T-A-C-A.
Oh, there you go.
Don't pay attention.
He just wants to correct everybody.
He's a suit.
Thanks a lot, pal.
When you stop correcting all these listed,
maybe just be between a computer arguments
and other sport guys,
a good caller.
And he's giving me to Palm Beach numbers.
Well, I said,
that's not right.
It's G-A-T-T-I-C-S-S-H-O-L-E.
Try to help him out.
You're not trying to help him out.
You're trying to correct him.
You're trying to be like a little, uh, you know,
know it all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he ain't going to make you any more money.
You're still going to get working for peanuts.
You only got to ever work with that.
You see a Trailer shells in the hall on payday
after you're heading out.
Trailer shells and cigarette butts.
So what is it?
Gatica?
Gatica.
Isn't that where Ethan Hawke is out there
waving a hanky going,
Gatica!
Gatica!
Isn't that the one?
That's the one.
Yeah.
I like Ethan Hawke a lot.
He's a good actor.
It was fine.
It was okay.
It wasn't.
I wouldn't call it powerful.
I thought it was normal.
You don't like Ethan Hawke?
We've already been to the Ethan Hawke thing.
I put it in.
I'm talking about the movie.
This audience is so,
I've never seen.
Seriously, of course South Florida's got
its many many problems as we all know.
That's why that one guy before was
stone out of his mind if we loved it.
But,
No, seriously, that's only waiting to survive.
Because if you're like, uh,
alert and awake and aware of what's going on around you,
like when I blow your brains out.
But it's just so many.
Of course we're on the sports station.
Keep that in mind.
It's a macho thing,
you know, like golf and all these other things.
And I started the explanation before
about the difference between being a sports fan
and a sports fanatic.
Somebody who's obsessed.
I mean, when you're a kid,
when you're a kid and you're growing up,
when I was a little kid,
I could tell you all the Yankees
the batting averages.
I'm talking about every day.
We still have these charts.
And I used to get the box for out of the paper in the morning.
And I would like update the batting averages.
I could tell you Hank Bowers batting average
and Mickey Mantle and Gene Woodling.
I mean, that was important.
There was a kid, okay?
But when you reach a certain point in your life,
hopefully you outgrow that.
You know, you have other things going on in your life.
Like, you know, something else
that's more important than that.
A sex and making a livelihood and, uh,
finance and, uh, travel things,
like a real life.
As opposed to ball games.
And this coach did this.
And this athlete did.
Who gives a flying F?
Okay? Who gives a flying crab?
God, I'm not,
knocking that collar that called before
because he was making a point.
That was good because it tied him with the,
the repression,
the stifling, uh,
atmosphere in America today
under the fascist who are running the country now.
Who've,
who've taken it over in a bloodless coup.
But I mean, the sports nerds, man,
it's just, uh,
yeah, I'm a sports fan, period.
I can take it and leave it, you know?
There are things that have become more important to me.
Like trying to stay alive is a good one.
There you'll get to that point.
You know, like what do I mean?
You'll get to that point.
Yeah.
You're a team.
You've got a lot more gray here than I do.
Uh-huh.
And peanut, boy, huh?
it's okay now,
but once it gets in November, December,
even in South Florida,
it gets pretty chilly out of that overpass.
I know it's cold winter nights.
I can just see this coming December.
It's person changing, Mr.
He uses these us,
the light from his cigarette to keep him warm.
Not a bad idea.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Here's a great idea with mothers day coming up this coming Sunday,
a perfect time to repay mom,
who spent so many sleepless nights wondering if you're ever going to show up again.
If you're ever going to come back from those drug deals,
the auto mattress has got the perfect mattress for mom.
If it's sagging,
lumpy or just worn out,
call 1-800 mattress today.
That's the number for the auto mattress.
And I've been using them for years myself.
And more and more people are starting to use them because they realize this is
the smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
They got the complete line of SIRTA-SEALY
king coral and simmons to choose from.
And you sure know what mommy sleeping on something that you wouldn't put your ass on either.
So I don't put it off any longer,
especially with mothers day approaching just a few days away.
The auto mattress has got more repeat referral customers than anybody in the world
because they know how to treat your wife.
And once you buy a mattress from the auto mattress,
I'll bet you a fat boy's life on it.
You'll never go back to a showroom again.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress from the auto mattress,
they set up the new one and take away the crappy old vetting for free.
That's correct.
The auto mattress sets up the new and takes away the smelly nasty,
stained, soiled, and virisable vetting for free.
So this mother's day,
have mommy sleeping like a baby on a new bed from Downer mattress
and don't forget gift certificates available all the nominations too.
Call them today, 1-800-MATTRES,
that's 1-800-MATRES for Downer mattress to smart the easy way
to get you a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
You're my only lost.
Is this sports radio bicycle?
You are.
Where are it beaded 12-1 hour on WQ Air?
Have you ever had to explain to your parents your offense?
I have downloaded things I masturbated again.
Seems all the time I'd had my eyes on the boobs and be high.
Sick in the mind, but I used to do that all of the time.
Every morning noon in night I hit a porno site.
A bonafide to a bird in sex like go.
In my own right there were places I found with lots of horny bad chicks.
So my desk I've got those gamehacks, all 20 gigs.
Until one day my mother discovered this filthy porno lover.
Kicked me right and the forehands told me my mind's in the gutter
and she told my dad about the stuff on my Dell.
My computer made me a loser and could lend me an hell.
I'm sorry, but I never thought that you could.
All those naked girls and guys so tonight I'm cleaning out my hard drive.
Squirt, Squirt.
One more time.
I'm sorry, but I never thought that you could.
All those naked girls and guys so tonight I'm cleaning out my hard drive.
From up to a 560 WQ I am happy Tuesday to our big noon to one hour
which has turned into what it's asked your last three let's see Thursday.
Yesterday three days run him.
Maybe we can make it four what do you think?
Okay.
Wreck we in for a dream.
How many people did we talk to today who'd seen it about three or four?
Right.
That's about it.
So maybe like I said we're doing a pubic service.
Go out and rent it, buy it, grab it, steal it and make your grandma and your kids watch it.
Oh yeah, bad chance.
Grandma wouldn't watch it because it probably straight too close to home.
See most of the senior citizens in a place like South Florida
and a lot of other places where they have like lots of audiences like in Arizona.
They'd be in denial just like she was.
They're not hooked on drugs.
They're just and of course what a doctor do at anything wrong.
Of course.
Well that's the biggest scam that's going on in Florida.
Forget about all the other scamsters.
The medical perfect in South Florida is number one baby with a bullet.
All these people you know charge them for the office visit and you're walking
at any doctor's office and it's like a hundred all of you have to sit in the round waiting.
Most of them don't even need to be there.
But they schlep them in there and they charge them 50 or 75 bucks against their
insurance for another needless visit and here's the prescription again Sally.
What was what was her name in the movie?
Sarah.
Sarah.
Very good.
Goldfarb.
Well see I have the advantage I have in the front of me here.
I still don't know it.
Right Sarah Goldfarb.
It says Requiem for a dream is a hypnotic tale for a for human beings each pursuing their
vision of happiness even as everything begins to fall apart they refuse to let go
plummeting with their dreams that way.
Nightmarish gutwishing free fall.
That's exactly correct.
And I think it's so ironic that when he when he finally his arm
gave out from one injection too many.
One heroin injection too many and he had to stop at that hospital in the well 600 miles
been logged in the carolines I guess.
Yeah.
And how ironic they were on their way to Miami.
That would have been where they found a good crap.
Speaking of that we only got two people said ecstasy we got a spell right now only two.
We just don't have enough punks out of 521 votes.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the apple or windows.
Well I got one more plate for the window site.
Oh the beast called and said he loves Max.
No I think he called inside he loves to Mac.
No he what he said was he wanted a couple of big Macs is what he said.
Oh for he wanted a big Mac for a snack and to tie them over to lunch lunches lunches time
and dinner's time and then tomorrow morning maybe a couple for a few briefcases.
Why do you mention him why why is he why is he calling us why is he involved why does he
keep injecting him back where he's not wanting to go away beast don't go away fat I mean don't
go away mad just go away.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello.
Nobody there oh boy I can see this new to one hour man.
I'm thinking of myself you know Moada 6 to 9 he does three hours.
What do you think of this schedule Mo 6 to 9 us 9 to noon mad dog noon to 3 hang 3 to 6
and then you got your baseball the crow and stuff and then you're with sports crab.
All right.
Huh perfect because this audience I think three hours is enough is funny.
Let's try Fort Lauderdale on this line see if there be anybody there hello.
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay sir.
Hey you got two license plates for you and one bumper sticker.
First license plate Demonic which I thought was pretty interesting there I imagine the
boy again let him go right by with don't get in his way.
Next one was rub one off and the bug sticker can't nobody do you like Jesus.
Oh that's a good one I love that.
Can you believe that can't I don't believe it.
I mean was Jesus that good to lay that's a little bit of that pretty interesting.
I worked here I worked must have felt that out for him.
Okay thanks a lot Pally.
Can't nobody do you like Jesus Christ wow that's special.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Pepper Pines hello.
Hello yes sir.
Hey this is Tim from Primitive Pines.
Yeah Tim how you doing?
I just wanted to make a comment on that what happened at Denny's.
I haven't seen that since the last time I ate a 80's buffet.
Oh nice to talk to you.
Okay Tim nice to talk to you again.
Okay excellent.
I'm making sure you're calling me again a few years when I'm in retirement in a rocking chair.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T pretty slim pickings on the phone now man.
So I have to make me go back to some bedtime stories here very slim pickings.
Literally just amazed at the lack of response in these movies.
I'm not talking movies anymore on the show but what's the point.
Look at the service you're doing.
No you're you're missing the point you have to have some interaction you have to have some input
and in fact the input I'm getting most of it sucks anyway.
Oh yeah you've got to watch kids and uh and friendly you can take Larry Clark
in the dark in the stick him in the park okay.
I'm not into that he's a chicken hawk or something.
A chicken hawk movie making uh scumbag would bad taste.
Not interested.
God horrible and then I got right here filled by Larry Clark kids and
being a boy he's telling me how great this was.
Now today he's changing his tune because I already saw a bully and saw how that sucked.
So he's trying to like cover his ass because you know it's going to be bad.
I did it like it.
Well what are you talking about kids?
You lie like a son of a bitch man.
Oh it's a lot of hot young teenagers having sex and getting a stone.
30 teenagers.
What do you mean by that?
Well 30 pre teenagers.
Dirty in what respect?
They don't bathe?
Ah!
At five o'clock in the club it's thrown on the floor.
I'm going to watch California with Brad Pitt and Juliet Lewis myself.
And David do oh David do Coveney isn't it?
Yeah but he's perfect in that role.
Oh my god he makes one of my hemorrhoids bleed.
I'll say that right here.
You can't probably make him bleed in him right but he's exactly what he's supposed to be in that.
Okay I'm going to leave it.
I'll take your word for it.
Here's a call from Hollywood hello.
Yeah the best thing about that movie uh
Requiem for a Dream is the mirror scene with Jennifer.
It's hot.
No it's not the best thing about the movie you're wrong.
What George thought it was?
No he didn't.
He told me last year he did.
You thought that was the best scene in the movie was the mirror scene because it was the orgy scene?
No.
No you're full of crap now.
Good last.
Not the orgy scene.
I think he's talking when she was standing in front of the mirror with the bush shot.
Oh that's him.
Oh my god that was the best part of the movie.
No that's not him.
Oh my god a little pubic here sir I'm going to tell you something.
I really mean this.
What is the point?
If you want to talk porn on movies fine.
I've seen them all okay.
If you want to talk about porn on movies great.
But if you want to talk about real cinema.
If you want to talk about a real movie the fact that there's somebody
a naked scene somewhere or a couple naked scenes.
If that's what you think is the best part of the movie then go out and get yourself a real
porn on movie okay?
And have a good time with it.
God that that's sad.
A movie this great and this is what we get from the South Florida audience is the bush scene.
Yeah where you see it?
Oh I want to cry.
I want to cry.
But to reach its own I'm glad you liked it pal.
He's probably got it on slow mo and freeze frame.
He's probably got that picture framed right now on his little DVDs.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Hollywood hello.
I'm a crackhead.
Here's Miami hello.
I'm going to go.
Yes sir.
Good morning sir.
I'm following a bumper sticker and it's moment it says I love cats.
They taste like chicken.
Okay great we're not doing bumper stickers.
They were the one good one okay.
You see monkey see monkey do people with no material.
We had the one guy called what a real cute one about Jesus.
What I didn't even remember what it was.
They were not doing you like Jesus.
Now they're doing bumper stickers.
Oh my god.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami Beach hello.
Juice by Sarah.
Juice by Sarah.
Whoa Sarah.
That was good.
That was great.
That was great.
Of course if they didn't see the movie they don't know what that means.
Sarah was juiced.
Yeah.
I mean go take no especially by the end of the movie she was in it.
Oh that was good.
For Sarah for Sarah Goldfarb and of course in South Florida there's a Zidian
Sarah Goldfarb.
They're all over the place.
Just desperate.
It's so sad.
Yes pathetic.
I mean at least she could have taken a Marshal or something.
Right.
12 of his past noon at 560 WDQM.
It's obvious that we have many people in this audience who are in a dead end job
and maybe even a dead end life.
Well get yourself out of that situation and get you a real fat paycheck
and a real job, a real career.
How do you do it?
You call our good friends at fast train.
One 866 fast train.
You can get a gig almost as good as the water Nazi.
And no excuses anymore because no matter what your schedule is they can make it convenient for you.
They offer day in the weekend classes and no matter where you live it's also convenient
because fast trains got locations all over town.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pembert, Pryce and Fort Lauderdale.
So there's bound to be a location convenient nearby you.
And register at fast train.com to receive their free American flag bumper sticker while you're
at it.
But if you want more information about fast train and what they can do for you and how they can get
you on the road to a brand new high-paying computer job which you can complete in just
four short months of that training called tool free today.
One 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttraining.com.
Bye bye and local.
Here's Sports Radio 560-CUA-M.
The Watch boob's in butts and biting.
Tonight on E.
Entertainment Television.
Mr. President, I hear that your hung like a hamster.
One size is not fit all.
Yeah, but they say you've only got an inch.
I never left an inch is better than nothing.
Tonight on E.
I heard that you got one of those penile extensions.
That's seen it.
That felt it.
That needed it.
It's 1214-560-WQM.
I'm so saddened by that call.
I wish it never would have happened.
I wish I could have raced that from my life.
You don't want to mean?
You.
Tragic.
It would be like if I said to you,
I really enjoyed Donnie Bransky.
After all this time, you've been telling me I should watch it.
Yeah.
And I watched it over the weekend and I said,
oh, you know, the best part of it was the,
in the interviews afterward when I showed some of the clip scenes
and Johnny Depp.
And I did mention that scene where he's in a bathing suit
and how great he looked.
But if I said to you, that was the best,
the highlight for me.
I enjoyed that the most.
I'd be embarrassed because it would be,
it would be, it would be beyond desperation.
Okay.
Yeah.
Like I saw a guy with a shirt off and he looked really good.
Now that's to me with, see,
to waste an hour and a half,
I could go on a hot day here and walk around downtown
or anywhere in the city and see a zid in guys
who looked pretty damn close to that good,
walking around with their shirts off on a hot day,
like over, you know, 60, right?
But we saw that crack scene, man.
We saw some pubes there, baby.
We saw some pubes.
What's your, no, no, seriously, don't you understand how pathetic that is?
Yeah.
I mean, I make a big deal out of this movie
and deservedly so because I mean,
what a miracle I've, especially after watching Bully,
which was just a piece of crap.
It was kaka.
Sorry.
No, I mean, you know, who now knows
whether I was going to like it or not.
But it was kaka.
It was crap.
It was poorly made.
It was just garbage.
The people I might have been interested were ugly.
And et cetera.
You know, to try if I was going to salvage something.
But then to go and see a movie like this
that turned out to be one of the all-time best
I've ever seen and just them sitting there like
shocked with my jaw down to my kneecap, right?
And this guy's a lot of my scene.
You're on idiot pal.
You're a moron.
You've ruined my week.
You've ruined my life.
I don't think my life will ever be the same again.
Anyway, what's your number one addiction we asked today?
We should probably put pubic here on there.
The food, 100.
Sex 76, pot 58.
Booze 57.
And we apologize for putting that on there late.
Neil Rogers show 53, the internet 36.
I don't have any 34 freaking liars.
Caffeine 33, nicotine 31, TV 21.
Heroin 14, which I don't believe any of those.
Do you think we have any heroin addicts on this show?
Yeah, I do.
You do?
Yeah.
Heroin 14 and cocaine 7.
Right, bear in mind a lot of these heroine people
just snored it now is the thing.
Four and 10, four and oh 10 gambling 10 cocaine 7.
Shopping fire prescription drugs still need four xsc2.
Prescription drugs four.
You should live so long, okay?
If I had a dollar for every person in South Dakota
who's hooked on prescription drugs,
I could buy that station right.
I could buy this city.
I could retire.
You could buy my own continent.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Just ask Sarah Goldfarb.
She'll tell you most she'd like to.
If the doctor wouldn't give me.
And you notice in the scenes where she's at the doctor,
he doesn't even look at her.
Right.
She's talking and explaining.
He's he's writing on the chart and he's talking about.
And of course, she's getting more and more.
A space out.
He has the voice keeps getting higher.
It's just amazing.
It is just astonishing.
Yeah, but there's bush.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, now I don't.
Pretty good.
Hey, the copy of Memento that you purchased.
Was that the limited edition one?
I guess so.
It's got all this neat crap inside of it.
It looks like a police file on the outside.
Yeah.
Okay.
Just I didn't want you to give up on that movie
because what some of the people have been saying.
I will give you my personal guarantee.
If you do not like that movie after giving it an honest try,
I will buy that DVD from you.
Okay.
I'm looking to buy that copy myself anyway.
And I can't seem to find it in the stores down here.
I'll tell you one thing.
It's a hell of a thing just to get the damn package open.
It takes about 15.
Yeah, seriously.
They're that pretty tightly.
Those the limited edition ones.
They've got so many different things in there.
The package is wrapped a lot better
than most of the people in a movie, I'm sure.
Another suggestion for another movie,
Guy Pierce is in, who's in Memento.
Right.
The movie,
they're not a couple years called the Ravenus or Ravenus.
Ravenus?
Have you seen that?
No.
It's it's it's it's like a Ravenus.
It's based in colonial times.
It's about cannibalism.
But it's actually a real dark,
humored movie.
It's pretty funny.
I'm going to pick it.
I'm making another my short list.
I got it.
I got it down.
He's also in there when he's pretty good character.
Actually, you're like it.
Okay, thanks.
No problem.
See yeah.
Rick, a faxes and his last color will like this.
He says in reference to Memento,
I personally enjoyed that.
We've even bought it.
But the problem with watching it is that the scenes
have put together backwards.
So the first scene in the movie is actually
the final scenario in the story.
The guy has no short-term memory retention.
I'll kind of like private Jessica.
Wasn't that convenient that all of a sudden
her short-term memory is like,
when will it look like that?
So not the fact that everybody's telling us
that the so-called rescue was staged
and that the Iraqi hospital,
the people in the hospital tried desperately
to give her back to us.
Oh, no, and they were shooting at them.
Go back.
Go back.
We got, you know, they've got to play here.
Yeah, stop.
We got to pick and plan your mess.
So you screwed up all my plans.
And Tessia was nowhere to be found.
She said, can't do it, Pali.
Anyway, the guy has no short-term memory retention.
So he has to write memos to himself every five minutes.
That's why there's the posted note.
Yeah.
When I open up my, my package, if I can say that,
I want to get that other guy up.
So I'll whip up to a frenzy.
See, there might be some pubic here.
It's near my package.
Yeah, watch.
It's got a post in it.
It says watch.
It's got like a book.
Yeah, open pages of a book.
Watch and then you open and flip this thing open.
Mental health battery test answer sheet.
And Pali, this really is the most bizarre thing.
I mean, even if nobody told you about it,
if you could have just seen a package,
you'd want to delve into it.
So to speak.
What's easy to believe?
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I'm not listening to you because you're
tasting movies, man.
It's like you're tasting food.
You know, here's a punk that don't like chocolate.
Who doesn't like anything, basically,
that most of us love to eat.
And he's giving me a song.
First of all, he kids, I wasted it.
I'd like to get a refund.
How much might I waste on crap that you turned me out of Bully?
You were going along with George on Bully.
He was singing.
He was singing Wolley-Bully in the background
to give me to go out and buy it.
Anyway, it says.
My only suggestion was roughly for a dream and momentum.
Bull crap.
Bully crap?
Yeah, Bully, Bully crap.
Kids, these are all your kids.
It's hot.
The hot kids have insects and doing drugs.
See what I should have done.
I should have watched Bully first.
Right before I bought these, before I bought kids
and this other piece of crap, this gummo.
Even Groucho, if he were here today,
he wouldn't deal with gummo.
He wouldn't take a look at it.
Anyway, it says the guy has no short-term memory
of intentions.
He has to write memos for himself every five minutes.
There are several decent twists.
I would say watch it first, then turn it into a coaster.
Whatever that means.
That's what I mean.
Tell me the deal.
There's something I'll watch once, I guess.
Is that right, Bender Boy?
No, you can watch it more.
I would watch it more than once.
I would watch it again.
And again.
And again.
I guess something I think I'm going to watch
Requiem for a dream again today.
And I'm going to save all the other ones for later on.
Not a bad idea.
I'm serious.
I have to see it again.
It was that good.
I'm not exaggerating.
No, you know.
In an addition to which when you live in South Florida,
her part of it was gen and all the old
the end is sitting out there in the lawn chairs.
I mean, it's just so sad, but so true.
There's so much of that going on there.
Imagine coming in in the middle of it
because I was just flipping and found it like half-hour into it.
And just like surprise, here's a movie.
Yeah.
So when did you see from the beginning?
Uh, like last year.
I'm going to watch it again today.
Yes.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Lauderdale.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I have a couple of things.
Number one, I guess with regard to addiction,
I think you've bundled a couple of things
into into the food category.
And I don't have the real correct terminology
for the addiction that I have.
I think so many people including the liars
that said that they don't have any.
Is, uh, prestige or success or money.
I think what does that mean?
I think, sir.
Both of you are correct.
You're addicted to money.
Well, I think people are.
I think I am.
I think a lot of us have been trying to work so hard.
Obviously you have.
You're not.
You've done very well and you're not hooked on it.
But people are trying so hard.
Well, I used to be hooked on it until I got introduced
to Mitch Hirsch and then he cured me of that addiction.
And I think a movie that might be appropriate.
I don't know if you've seen it.
You probably have with Glenn Gary, Glenn Roth.
Oh, yeah, everybody's always telling me how great that movie is.
And I've never seen it.
I don't think.
Oh, you have to about, uh, huh?
I thought you saw it.
You've been telling me for years to see that.
Isn't that with the Puccino?
No, I was bald one is in it.
I like bald one.
I like it.
I like bald ones in that.
Kevin Spacey.
Jack Lennon is probably the best performance of his life.
Jack Lennon, yes.
Should be required viewing for all of your sales folks.
Okay.
Get out.
Get out.
I got it down.
Thanks.
Glenn Gary.
What is the rest of it?
Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
And it's about real estate sales people.
Glenn Gary Glen Hill.
Oh, Glenn Ross.
Is that Ross from Guiding Light?
It was a plane and they made it into a movie.
And it's just all it is is just dialogue.
But are you talking about that years ago?
You tried to give me the go watch in for whatever reason I never got around.
But now that I'm movie intensive and I got my DVD player cranked up in there.
And the great part of it is when you have the DVD combination,
the VHS and DVD, right?
And you can take your shows off TV that you might otherwise be watching.
Correct.
And watch your DVD at the same time.
That's why I gave you that combo because I thought you'd find it handy.
Well, that's why I got one here.
And it's a wonderful thing to have.
Let me tell you this about Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
If you don't like it, is it as good as bullying?
No, please.
If you don't like it.
Anybody less than don't get the second to watch in bully,
even if it did happen down here.
Okay, it's a horrible, horrible, horrible, horrible.
Although the guy that was all excited with the Jennifer Connelly's pubic here,
he can enjoy it.
Oh, well, well, well, well, well, carpeting in bully.
Right.
Let me tell you this about Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
If you don't like it, I will not only buy the DVD from you,
but you can also smack me in the puts.
Yeah, if you don't like Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
Well, that sounds pretty inviting right there at last point.
That good, huh?
Yeah, it's all about sales people.
You'll love it.
Oh, you throw your hands in the air.
Oh, well, now we're talking something right up my alley.
Sales people are ice holes.
Amen.
Yeah.
God.
In fact, I was just, you know, it's funny that that should come up now
because during the break at noon, I was sitting here,
I was starting to like get,
because I've been in such a good mood all morning,
and then that one guy with his pubic hair.
But the screw in, you know, I just get angry or an angry,
I just get more just filled with psychosis over thinking
of what kind of people that we have in that place
who just refuse adamantly in their hostile militant evil way
to do the, just the ordinary things that are required
as part of the job, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
And so I sit here with stale old raunchy copy
and people we know aren't servicing.
I got one piece of copy.
I don't want to say Todd Dredch's name.
That doesn't even have a date on it.
Much less his name or who else accounted is.
It's just, it's just words on a piece of paper.
Well, then that's so it'll never be outdated.
Oh my God.
I'm telling you.
Wow.
My, my vision of euphoria is being at a,
and I don't quote a funeral.
So okay, but my, but I'll make one exception.
Being at a three way with screw and Todd Dredch
and the molemeister and tap dancing on all the graves.
That's my vision of euphoria.
That's the ultimate orgasm.
In fact, maybe drop a little squirt, squirt,
squirt under gum, tombstones.
God.
Just people who refuse to be like,
civilize the real people.
Although I understand,
Jesus has a hell of a time at a party.
27 past noon at 560 WDQ.
I mean, talk is cheap.
It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers,
but when it comes right down to what,
what can you really get refinanced at?
At 5%, 4%.
How about 2.45% with financial group?
With interest rates of 2.45%,
it's really your best bet and it's rock solid too.
So call financial group toll free right now at 1-800-940-Lind.
Interest rates are at all time low.
So when I refinance your home or buy a new home
and take advantage of a sure thing,
2.45% financing with financial group.
What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments?
You might be wondering here are the answers for you.
If you have a 200,000 dollar loan,
your payments are only $786 a month.
If you have a 100,000 dollar loan,
you pay only $393 bucks a month.
So get yourself 2.45% financing from
our Friendship Financial Group.
Call them today.
There's no obligation to else spainty out works.
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
That's financial group 1-800-940-Lind.
L-E-N-D,
the Renequal Housing Lender Credit Restrictions Apply.
Rate something to change monthly 5.34 APR.
My, my, and low.
This is Sports Radio 560.
My, way, and way.
Clear Channel.
Clear Channel.
Want you to show your support in our rally for Pax America?
We'll be scheduling one in your town soon.
Show call your local clear channel on the corner and sign up now.
All 50 of you will be supplied with our
handheld patriotic signs of A,
and will be invited to enjoy our Texas-style Christian barbecue,
while flipping off liberal dissenters.
The festivity will be kept off with a community boat-burning bonfire.
All you have to remember is
March-Farward in Rockstamp,
and don't bring your eyes.
Hey, what?
You bring your eyes.
Be a patriot,
not a little book reader.
The talented Phil Henry was once one of them,
so we took him downstairs to the quiet room.
We were aware that you're a nice guy, Mr. Henry.
I was a nice guy myself once.
Yeah.
Oh, I had my share of liberal views in the past,
and I found out Mr. Henry that
the world is a school of business.
Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity?
Yeah, but let me say something for some reason.
There is only a need for a clear channel,
general electric,
halibut and beck-hell,
amaco,
chevron and show.
Okay.
For now, Mr. Henry.
Yeah.
You will make all your perverted
caracas liberal dissenters.
Okay.
Because Mr. Henry,
yeah, you're on radio, dummy.
All right.
All right.
1232.
We got a new entry.
That's what?
Eight.
Is that the eighth one?
Or the ninth?
Or the ninth?
Whatever.
This for a hot couple of contest.
That's good.
They're nice, so looking couple.
Mm-hmm.
And I got about 75 emails.
I think what we're going to have to do is
like just take some time out the middle of the show every day
to make sure I get through all my emails.
Okay.
Here is Jennifer in Miramar says,
Miramar, home of Johnny Depp, by the way.
My girlfriend just called me from the books
there after listening today
about how we keep losing our rights slowly
with this administration.
No, not slowly, sweetheart, rapidly.
I told her to pick up blinded
by the right for me on your advice.
I'm angry now.
I sure hope I don't become the female version
of the character Michael Douglas
in the movie falling down, so Jennifer,
don't worry about Jennifer.
Stand up straight, sweetheart.
Right in front of the mirror.
Wally in dear field says,
I just downloaded the trainer for Requiem
for a dream off the Apple Quicktime site.
Oh, the Apple site,
peanut boy.
I've gone there.
I saw the credits and was surprised
at who the director was.
Darren Aronowski, he's absolutely brilliant.
Now this is a second movie.
If you never saw his earlier creation,
pie, check it out.
I put it on my list.
I own a copy and pop it in the play
if he wants it a while and freak out.
Original music by Rage Against the Machine.
Truly,
Vizarbos definitely get a copy of Requiem
and for another reason then.
Jennifer Conley,
Dan, she is gorgeous,
long way from Rocketman's girlfriend.
Yeah, Wally, wait till you see the scene
in front of the mirror.
Yeah, Bush, Bush.
We're getting a whole bunch of calls on pie.
What do you mean by that?
We were just talking about that.
Jennifer Conley's pie.
Oh,
Danny's by the way,
then he took that off the menu.
They hear pie.
They took that off the menu.
And then maybe that's why they had
the big brawl in LA last night.
That must be the reason.
People getting the Jones and four,
getting pissed off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
We're having a big battle here today, man.
The battle is between the Apple people
and the Bill Gates people,
and they're just pulling at them out.
The ecstasy people and the heroin people.
Well, I'm telling you,
if you had a, you know,
if I had a thing in my arm like that,
I'd be a little bit concerned about.
Yeah,
a big purple growth.
You know what I mean?
Like a big growing,
oozing purple hole
that just kept spreading over my arm.
Don't even do that.
Hey, Jared, take,
have a doctor take a look at that, Jared.
Before I have to chop that baby off.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, male.
Yes, sir.
With Mother's Day coming out,
do you know anywhere I might be able to get a good set
of pepper and paprika shakers?
Here's a call from Fort Myers. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Good.
You know, older movie,
I know you're not a big Michael Douglas fan,
but you know,
that's my very strange movie.
I liked it called the game.
Have you seen that?
No.
Wasn't a,
I'd never heard of it commercially,
but I found it in a store.
Very strange movie,
unique twist at the end.
And I would recommend it.
I'm not a Michael Douglas fan.
It's not that I don't like Michael Douglas,
but when he decided that he was a sex pot,
you know, at that point,
he just turned me off and he just,
and also that other movie, a traffic.
Oh, traffic was horrible.
Off the falling down.
This bad, but this one,
the plot overrides his character
and recommended.
The other thing is,
I know you don't want a bumper sticker show,
but I do have one on my cards.
Jesus loves you.
Everybody else thinks you're an asshole.
I like that.
There you have it.
Thanks, Pally.
Got it down.
But when I see my list is growing,
I told you by the end of the month,
I'm going to have about 600 movies in here.
It gave us that bad.
Not bad at all.
Really?
I had nothing against Michael Douglas.
In fact, what was the one good movie?
Come on.
Fatal attraction.
Okay.
Wasn't that it?
Yeah.
That was a good movie.
Romance in the stalled?
Didn't see that.
Oh, and I can remember.
Oh, I can remember my mother
getting ready to go see that.
I was sitting there after watching TV
and there was an ad on Ford, a promo.
And she said,
romancing the stone.
What's that all about?
She was conjuring up images.
You can only imagine what was going through her twisted mind.
Probably all those drugs.
I say.
Yeah, my mother's probably kind to what's it?
Sarah, Sarah Goldfarb.
She would, uh, your mom would look good
over there on the lawn chair.
She's not old enough for that group yet.
She's only 90.
Let's see.
Here's a call from Boca.
Okay. Hello.
Yeah, Boca.
Yeah, I deal.
Yes, sir.
Uh, there's one thing I would like to add on the addiction.
There's a lot about religion.
You're addicted to religion?
The people who claim that not to think
they're saying, you're quite sure that's what they think
to do.
Religion.
Religion?
Addicted to God.
We got someone said they were addicted to.
They're good.
That's why this closer we came to that.
I would say no.
I guess I better go back and take a look at my thing.
I got all these day.
Oh, Gatica.
The premise is better than the movies is when.
Yeah, she's right.
Gatica.
What?
She's right.
It wasn't powerful.
It was good idea and it was just kind of mild
all the way through.
Oh, you saw it?
Yeah.
Well, how come you didn't open a purse?
I tried to and we went on to something else.
But it was with Ethan Hawke.
I do like Ethan Hawke.
And, um, and what's his name?
Whose name escapes me right now?
Who knows?
He's in a lot of movies and what's his name?
Yeah.
Here's the poll that he wants.
What's your number one addiction?
See, and again, the reason I,
because obviously a lot of us have more than one addiction.
But what's your number one?
Number one on the hit parade this week.
The thing that most just absolutely drives you,
that you just can't escape.
Food.
One-thirteen.
Food.
We're addicted.
That's why there's all that hidden crap hidden sugar.
All kinds of hidden salt in the food
because it's just attack your taste buds.
You can't eat only one.
You can't eat only a dozen.
It's like crispy cream donuts.
I can't eat only two.
And then that's the truth.
I don't ask me why.
If you brought in a dozen crispy cream donuts fresh
and brought in a box, I would eat three.
Not one.
Boxes.
Not two.
Not four.
I would eat three.
Yeah.
Because that's how many it takes to say.
Once I eat the first one, it simulates my appetite.
That's what it takes to like calm me down again.
Food.
Food.
One-thirteen.
Sex-90.
Pot-70.
Alcohol-62.
Neo-Rodger Show-57.
Internet-38.
Don't have any-37.
Does anybody believe those-37 line bastards?
No.
Caffeine-34.
Nicotine-33.
TV-25.
Heroin-15.
Porn-0-13.
Gambling-10.
Bill Bennett voted a few times.
Cocaine-8.
Shopping-6.
Prescription-Drucks-5.
NX-16 only got a pair.
Wrong audience.
Don't say they'll be a great poll for them to take on power 96.
They had it.
Tell Kid Curry you should do something like that and they wouldn't do that.
They would-
Huh?
No.
It would be fun.
Don't they have a website?
That's snacks of activism.
Did you say smack?
Either it goes again.
I hope Kid Curry just punches you right in the side of the head
just for doing that.
See that?
That was more sublimal of another-
It's not bad enough to get in the tax so much by Disney and people over there at Cox.
Didn't work too good or didn't Micah.
Didn't work too good.
Oh brother.
Party radio would have said what did I tell you about them?
Did I give you my honest opinion?
There was going to last a short time.
It would Peter outfaster than Hallevin Yugoslavia.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
And it did.
Week Mike.
Week effort.
Pretty weak.
Put talk on FM.
I'll come back over there.
What do you say?
Okay.
Would you like to be on there?
Oh please.
That would be great on FM station like the audience.
With people.
Oh my god.
Like right in the middle of the FM.
That would 100,000 watts on the signal you could hear.
With already living and breathing people scurrying up and down that band.
Yeah.
That's uh, or it's that.
Give me a call.
This okay?
I'm get out of this thing in a heartbeat.
You know, uh,
I just say that to create paranoia.
Greg, did you hear what he said?
Did you hear what he said?
Especially since we got such a high book congrec in the uh,
you know, operations manager.
Have you ever seen anything like this man is going for more testy reading.
I wonder if he's got any body parts left in him, you know.
His own although Carlos said that when he saw him in a holiday,
they hit a little something in him.
And rumor was,
it was attached to Carlos.
Anyway, 1240, 20 to one at five 60.
Okay, let's cut the crap.
Let's get serious.
Let's talk about your carpet.
Some people think that once your carpet gets really dirty,
then it's time to spend thousands of dollars for brand new carpeting.
Forget about it.
Okay.
And what movie did they say that it wasn't that in bully where they said,
forget about it.
Yeah, sure.
So instead of wasting all that money,
do what I always do and I've been doing for over 20 years,
call the experts at dry concepts.
They are miracle workers.
Forget about all the religion bull crap.
If you want to see a real miracle right in front of your face,
it is one when it come in and make your carpets look just like brand new.
Like you just laid brand new carpeting down the,
they before.
And that's just how good they'll look because they dry clean your carpets.
They're the only people in the world who do this.
It's an exclusive patent and method.
And that's why they're so much better than anybody else.
Another reason is because in a couple hours,
your carpets are dry.
They smell a little fresh and you're ready to rock and roll again in the same day.
And they give you a written guaranteed price.
No rip offs, no per-room scams, no V.S.
when you do business with dry concepts.
So whether it's your carpet and your drapery,
expensive area rugs or rental rugs,
your poultry leather furniture.
It's time for dry concepts.
Problem with pet orders.
Milled to orders caused by water damage again.
Time for the experts at dry concept.
Do yourself a big, big favor.
Try these people once and that'll be the end.
You won't have to worry about it ever again.
Call them tool free at 1-800-248-
5071.
1-800-248-5071.
You can check out more bottom on their website at dryconcepts.com.
Please don't forget with dry concepts,
you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
My life and local.
This is 420-560.
You weigh in weigh in.
Get a lot of things.
All right.
The new Rogers on SportsHole Radio WQAL.
Here in the government needs to cooperate with the United States
and our coalition partners and not harbor any terrorist groups.
Siri up here, but bush doesn't smile.
Welcomeing the right-to-exiles.
Look when I've been to back back in one day.
You'll see things in a similar way.
Don't stop.
We're hovering terrorism if you don't stop.
Our troops will be out here.
We have to us clear to avoid a war.
Where it's a dump.
Where it's a dump.
Try to take the dump of times to come.
And it could best hold the things that you've done.
And listen to what America does telling you.
We'll be right up the jump of one more to you.
All right.
Stop hovering terrorism if you don't stop.
Our troops will be out here.
Enter us clear to avoid a war.
Where it's a dump.
Where it's a dump.
545-560-220.
How come you said emailing Jordan?
His name is Jared.
Did you screw up on it?
Talking on me?
Yeah.
I didn't write his name out.
You didn't?
No.
Well, where did I come from on the email?
One more please.
I just forwarded a picture.
I didn't type anything.
I just click, click, click.
Yeah, you click, click, click.
You click, click, click.
It says emailing Jordan subject.
Where did I come from?
That's from the site.
I just emailed you a picture from the Yahoo site.
I didn't write anything out.
I didn't write a comment.
I didn't write anything.
Yeah.
Maybe that came from somebody else.
No, it did not come from somebody else.
It was from somebody else.
I don't think so.
Thanks anyway.
It's still on there.
I just got rid of deleted all the other messages
that I've read and done with.
That one's still on there.
There's screw up.
It's a great movie.
Like I said, well, I attended a bus scene where he's in.
Yeah, bushy.
It breaks my heart that there are some people
that are so desperate.
You know, just a sniff.
I'll whiff on anything.
Come on already.
You know?
Get serious.
Here's one from Troy and Pembroke Pines
who says you've got to see Glenn Geary, Glenn Ross.
Okay, it's on my list.
Now he's also got seven must-sees.
Shawshank Redemption.
I won't watch it.
I've got it.
I won't watch it.
Oh, Fargo.
Should I forgo, Fargo?
No, I like Fargo.
That was the other day when you were trying to talk me
to him and then everybody else said,
ah, forget about it.
No, I don't.
It's subtle.
It's low key.
I mean, nothing's going to be as good as Reckway and Perkree,
but it was good.
Okay.
Agreed.
I got it down.
See, I see how easy I am.
The audience is probably embarrassed for me
because you've talked me into a bunch of crap.
The big Lebowski?
No.
What is that?
Nothing you would even come close to liking.
Well, it starts with the big Lebowski.
Isn't she on that Mr. Personality show now?
Yeah.
Trap Angry Man, scene at the great movie.
Right.
Shindler's List won't watch it.
Not in any more professional June movies.
I don't want that.
And a simple plan.
Not bad.
Not bad.
That's what the Lebowski.
What?
The Lebowski.
The Lebowski.
And the Winnie Guy.
I forgot what the other Winnie guys name is.
Not bad.
The Winnie Guy Maddie Bell.
Gellie?
I never saw a simple plan.
So, anyway, since, by the way,
you'll either love it or hate it going back,
I'm assuming, meaning Glenn Gerry, Glenn Ross,
there seems to be no in between.
So, I've never, I've never met anyone
who didn't like it.
And it'll be an excellent cure
for your recent Al Pacino problem.
I thought you said Al Pacino wasn't in it.
No, I said he was.
I saw Gaslight, okay.
Before when you mentioned,
when the caller mentioned,
Glenn Gerry, I said,
wasn't Al Pacino and he said,
Alex Baldwin was in it.
He is as well.
But you didn't say that.
I said, yes, Ty.
Did he say that, Carlos?
Keeping in mind, of course,
that I'm responsible for the sound
whether you get paid or not.
Did he say that?
I'll be right back.
And you know who I'm going to call this
straightness all out?
Oh, I know.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to have to do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
it's movie week on the New York Roger Show.
So, how are we getting into this anyway?
Just one of those things.
I'm glad we did because this is a Requiem for a Dream.
I'm serious.
If you watch this movie and you don't like it,
I say it's time to take a long dirt nap.
That's all I can say.
So, your TV out the window.
Go up your ear.
Your taste has to be the worst in the history of mankind.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
All right, sir.
Hey, listen, I'm just calling to reiterate the fact
that that movie, Memento, you got to see it.
Okay, I got it right here.
Un-un-un-belieble.
And also, I'd like to give you my addictions.
I'm addicted to...
Poptori, man.
Poptori, man.
He's addicted to it.
Well, that's good.
We'll play it about 30 times for every day, every minute.
Food and sex, baby, and pot.
Food, sex, pot, and booze, and then the O'Rodger show.
What could be better than that?
What a combination, huh?
Could have a good old toy with all those.
Here, a little bit of a brunch.
Smoking a big fat one.
Well, having maybe a little bit of a...
Man, maybe like a wine spitzer on the side.
What movie was it?
That was in Donnie Brasco.
They left the...
He had too many wine spritzes.
That was his problem.
Spitzer problem.
Here's Sunny Isles.
Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Yeah.
His idea of comedy was 30, so that would make sense.
Memento was his idea of a great movie.
Yeah.
It was so dull.
You know how pulp fiction have a time frame is screwed up?
I hated it.
That's the thing is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
Okay, not only is the time frame screwed up a Memento,
but when you try to figure it out, you realize you don't care.
You don't care for the power actors at all.
The movie.
The game was an excellent movie.
And then it was supposed to George, because the funny thing is I didn't even call about movies,
but I'll tell you what, that Clem Jari, Clem Ross, the worst movie...
Have you said it off?
He said it off.
Not just me.
My mom off that we watched it together.
Your mom?
Uh, he's been a weird...
The left hour is unnecessary.
In fact, it just keeps going and going.
The star is Jack Lemon.
So if you enter Jack Lemon, he's great.
In what decade?
The 30s?
You know what I'm saying?
It is bad.
It is really dull.
I know.
The George is offering to buy it if you didn't like it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I have to give some kind of counteroffer.
I don't know what I can offer, but...
Your mom.
I'd like to get into this...
Into the pool.
Competition.
Okay, well have a good dip for us.
Probably didn't like the Godfather either.
When you just did not bid like this,
everybody have to agree with you.
Was it written somewhere that we all have to agree with you?
I mean, you're the guys that talk me into bully.
I guarantee you, any of these movies that you're...
It's got to be better than bully.
Yeah.
It was really lame.
And you're obsession with it was just like this other guy with the...
Jennifer Accompanies...
I thought it was kind of upfroves about who's the one I like it.
Up front.
Up front.
That's like what was up front.
Yeah?
I still say if you want to see...
That point taken.
God almighty.
Anyway, here's the fact that says I would highly recommend you go out and buy
Glen Gary Glen Ross this afternoon and watch it today.
Yeah.
Not tomorrow, not a week from Sookas,
not next year of a wish today.
Save Requiem for Dream to watch again tomorrow.
And I think I watch Requiem for Dream this weekend again.
Because I do want to see something new.
And I want two of these two days too much.
You get a wine spitzer, pack your vong.
Right, that's it.
Curl up with it.
Vong, was that with a B?
See, it's been a long time since I've seen this much excellent acting by all the characters
in well-filled.
This is from Jerry and Vanita Spring.
Right, he's right.
And then Gary Glen Ross starring...
I told you Al Pacino was in this movie and you said no.
I'm sorry.
You said no, he's...
It's Alec Baldwin and Jack Lemon, Alan Arkin, Edward Skeven Spacey,
Zissy Spock Check, and Jonathan Price.
You're released 1992.
And if I don't like it, somebody will...
I'm out what do I care?
You know, when you're making a big bucks, easy come easy go.
Go to lunch, George.
What the hell was that?
That's from the movie.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well, somebody's gonna buy you lunch anyway.
Am I not be here?
We're thinking about it.
Oh, man.
No.
The unmancipable one.
I don't want to get into it, okay?
I'm just...
In fact, maybe that's why I'm in such a good mood, you know?
My phone is nice and quiet.
All of Fat Rich did call me yesterday.
Emotional.
I mean, emotional.
Fat Rich is okay, by the way.
He's still alive.
But he was very emotional because
Pompano Park, evidently, he's not gonna have
live summer racing this year.
They're gonna be closing like the middle of June.
And then that way, they're gonna goose up the person
starting in the fall in October.
And you would have thought that somebody just took a dump on issues.
He sounded so down in the dump.
I said, I'll be back.
I'll be back one of these days, you know?
Especially when a staff at QM least expects it.
And then we talked about Brian Sears' driving at the metal lands.
And I told him I saw it on a racing channel,
30 night.
And he won with a nine to one shot at the metal lands.
Brian Sears, it was great.
And he said, I had the two of it at 3, 4, 5.
And all of a sudden it was this dial tone on the phone.
I didn't do that.
But my phone is nice and quiet.
Everything is just life is sweet.
Doc, what's your number one addiction?
Food 118.
And I voted for that.
And that's the F and truth, man.
The F, the F and food stands for the F and truth.
Because they hook you, they nail you, you can't get away.
And speaking of food, how about F as in feast?
At the animal coast, Asian buffet, the number one in the world.
They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach.
And the newest location in Pemberpines.
Animal coast would be the perfect place to put a smile on that
special lady in your life.
Your mom on this mother's day Sunday, May 11th.
Start your mouthwatering eating experience with six different soups.
You can try all of them, if you like.
Just pour them down your pants.
Dozens of succulent entrees, New York strip made a word of the gourmet center.
A sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp,
scampy style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon,
dunginess crab and ginger and scallions.
And I do love scallions and hand-carb prime rib.
And look out for the new Oriental chicken salad too.
Take a peek at it.
Animal coast doesn't use any crafts.
You won't ever walk out of there with a headache.
No MSG, no cornstarch, no craft.
And they cook only all their stuff in the cluster all free oils too.
The buffet peach is a full salad bar,
sushi bar and fresh room cocktail as well.
And because mom deserves it,
animal coast features a full dessert station featuring pies,
cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings
and fresh fruit, the perfect day to do a real feast on Mother's Day.
Three locations sunrise at Pine Island, 44th Street,
Collins Avenue just north of 162 North I mean Beach.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberc Roads and Pemberpines,
book now for Mother's Day, May 11th,
as reservations are going fast.
Call 9-5-4-57238-22.
All-size parties welcome 9-5-4-57238-22.
Take mom for a feast Sunday to the Animal Coast Chinese buffet.
Five and the local,
this is 560.
The radio's on your side.
You win!
We're gonna go a little bit over, but you know what?
Too bad.
The Middle Eastern world
will be exploded to dom and people gale
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The notes there, Tosinetta.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
You're not a rag passong.
Memphis of past destruction.
The
3000 people killed are not forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Paint their soil to be cocked.
Going after sentown too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of
