And get it on!
To-to-toe-toe-toe
Wait up, little Georgie, wait up
Chill out, little Georgie, chill out
The people have been pulled
And this is what you've been told
About two to one they don't want more
So put your plans on
Hold, wait up, little Georgie
Jesus Christ
Hold up, little Georgie
Well, why don't we try to get old-sama?
Why don't we get my life on mark?
What we gonna tell the world in the name of saints?
No more, whoa, wake up, little Georgie
Hold up, little Georgie
Jorge
We know Saddam is really a big threat
But no one wants to see World War III yet
Wait up, little Georgie
Hello, Georgie
Chill out, little Georgie
We oughta stay home
Wait up, little Georgie
Wait up
Emble, oh, R, oh, Emble
Chill out, little Georgie, chill out
Before you send our men
Be sure to count to ten
No, the boss
Before you blow the crap out of Iraq
Please listen to the UN
Wait up, little Georgie
Hold up, little Georgie
Wait up, little Georgie
That'd be funny
Chill out, little Georgie
902-560-WQM-Happy-Tuesday-Twin
Well, I'd say you want to say, oh, geez, look at that
Oh, man
You can do it
Almost
There we go
What we can't do the show after God damn schedule falls off the thing, huh?
This is just not set up well
I don't think I can do the show here too much longer
Anyway, here it is a great Tuesday morning
Got 1,415 votes
Oh, and that's right, we don't do the podium, do we?
Oh, that's right
I screwed up twice yesterday, you know what I did?
And cut it
In fact, you're under orders right now
Well, first let me tell you this
Yesterday I forgot that we don't do the beginning of the show till 10 o'clock
And so I boxed myself into a corner as opposed to last, whatever was Friday especially
And we did magnificently well
And then, you know, people come in at 10 and they don't know what they were talking about
So yesterday's poll, you'll have to wait
Not that it was all that big of a deal
And today's poll, you'll also have to wait
Even find out what it is
They'll have to wait
And you know the other mistake I made?
And you're not going to be allowed to permit it
Okay, under any circumstances, in fact I want it to be some kind of a sound
Food? No
Oh
H-O-C-K
Oh, I talked about the old story
Hockey, and I made my comments about Toast
And seriously, now they can knock anybody on the station for not talking about hockey
Which is probably right because they don't know anything about it
But they're doing the right thing
There is no interest
If you want to turn the audience off and droves
If you want to send them diving for the dial faster than anything else, that's the one thing in this town that'll do it
I found the sound
What's the sound?
Yeah
Okay
Man, did I make a bad...
What was that rumor one that I like so much?
Yeah
Yeah
Well, if I could find it better
I'm not even in the right mode
Yeah, well, that'd be funny
Yeah, if you found it
So anyway, we apologize profusely
Because we understand that most of you don't care, it's unfortunate, but I can't change that
Okay, just the way it is down here, it's a bum fork place
And they don't give a crap about things like that
And you're not going to change them, you're not going to change this place, these people, these people
Oh, geez
So now do it again, okay, thank you
Thank you so much
Well, thank you so much, really
That'd be funny
Anyway, here's the fact to get us started this morning and all right
See, there's a little bit of a problem
Even our management admits that this hour is like, doesn't work, can't work
Ain't going to happen
We didn't know how to solve that problem, and they've got a team of experts of psychoanalysts that they brought in
To try to figure out how we get out of this
But this is a throwaway hour
And why they're throwing me away, be it a lot of me, but I guess just punishment for being a sour old prick
Something like that
And there are a few things in the world worse than a sour old prick
Believe me when I tell you this
But anyway, you just mind your own business, okay?
So how about those panthers?
Anyway, here's the fact that it says, I'm a long time listener because I have a life
But never call because I've a lot
I'm totally out of your demographics of a 52 year old female
No, that's not out of our demographics, our demo is like mainly men but also women 25 to 54
So she's just under the cut, so to speak
So I just wanted to come in on the night of 10 hour
I loved your playing bits at that time, I made the work drive pleasant
How do you like that?
Somebody like that idea
Besides us
Now I didn't like it either after I thought about it because we'd run out of stuff
We would run out of stuff but we just after a couple of months we'd wear it out
Oh man
Then she says, raid the space shuttle, I felt bad, life goes on
I live in Bokar, Raton, had to go to my mount Saturday afternoon
On the way home, I stopped at the Rascal House for dinner
Oi! That's the story I want to tell him, she says
I mentioned it because Channel 4 News was there
I don't know the female reporters name because we don't get Channel 4 in Palm Beach County
She was asking people if they were Jewish and or Israeli
And if they would comment on their feelings about the tragedy regarding the Israeli astronaut
Unbelabel
That's what she says here is, you would say
Unbelabel
Thanks for the daily entertainment says Joan PS
I listen when George fills in for you, he's okay
He's okay
But you are irreplaceable
Well very good Joan, you're okay but
Why do I know that?
You're no Neil, okay, just don't forget
She would have shot
So what about those maple leaves?
I'm sorry
This is the story of the century, I love and CNN
And the good news is, although Miles O'Brien's on it again
He's on it today
No, he's at the Space Center
They're lapsing back into it
They had some fun this morning with a Michael Jackson story
Not sure if they had some fun with it, they squeezed it, they exploited it, they got it, they were yuck
Because there's nothing else going on
I don't normally like that Richard Quest
Oh yeah, he was good this morning, I should have taped that, he was actually excellent
Even with his 85 teeth and I'll let spinning it a shower himself
That would have been pulled to take who spits all over himself more
Richard Quest or Mr. Ego
All of Richard Quest is not too crazy about those peppercorns on his omelette
Anyway, the British London Times today says Jackson faces ruin after admitting I slept with boys
Oi
Michael Jackson's careerly in ruins last night
You got to say one thing for the Brits Boy, this is the kind of stuff they excel at
There is nobody in this country, I don't care who to hell it is
There's nobody who's even a close second when it comes to this kind of crap
They love it, they thrive on it, they live for it
And of course with all the crap that's going on with the royal family and has for years and years
They're never, I never have a shortage of it
Michael Jackson's careerly in ruins last night
After admitted in a television documentary that he coaxed young boys into sleeping in his bed
The star who has accused a molesting of boy 10 years ago said he recently encouraged a 12-year-old cancer suffer
to sleep in his bedroom
He also claimed to have slept in the same bed alongside several other young boys
It's that it's what the whole world should do
He told the interviewer Martin Beshear when questioned about the incident during the Grenada Television program
Living with Michael Jackson, that's program with an ME on the end, program on Meme
The 44-year-old singer and the boy insisted that no sexual contact took place during the sleepovers
At Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch in California
Never at Neverland
However, the revelations are likely to cause irreparable damage to a performer already tarnished by a sexual scandal
In 1993, Jackson was accused by the parents of 13-year-old Jordan Chandler of sexually molesting their son during sleepovers at his 3000-acre range
The family dropped the case after reaching an 18.5 million pound financial settlement with Jackson
What said in dollars about let's see, one of them
Two and something
No, it's 1.4
Oh, whatever it is, it's a lot of money
No charges were brought
Jackson's career has never recovered the interviewer granted to Beshear, famed for his interview with Diana, Princess of Wales, was intended to begin the billionaire performer's rehab
Jackson's friend Yuri Geller persuaded him to allow Beshear to become part of his entourage for eight months
But the resulting film, which has been brought by the US ABC broadcaster, brought for 3.5 million pound, million, could lead to the police action against the fall and start
Shall I read that paragraph again?
Yeah, I'm confused by that pound thing, you know
I get all bent out of shape when I see that because the Brits
Jackson's friend Yuri Geller persuaded him to allow Beshear to become part of his entourage for eight months
But the resulting film, which has been brought by the US broadcaster ABC for 3.5 million pounds, could lead to police action against the fall and start
All right
One executive described it as the longest suicide note in history
Tom Steddenly, district attorney behind the Chandler investigation, is expected to look at the new allegations after the program is screened in the US this Friday
A spokesman from his office said, will be watching the program in the me with interest
Last November, Jackson provoked outrage when he dangled his baby son, Prince Michael the tooth over balcony of Berlin Hotel, as a result of that incident, officials in Santa Barbara County already considered the launch of a formal investigation into the father of three's fitness to be apparent
Beshear said he found living in Jackson's world disturbing and expressed his concern for the well-being of his young children
I had assumed that now he'd be more cautious, but to my utter astonishment, I discovered that children were still sleeping over
Aren't you shocked? Aren't you surprised? The boy can't help it
Jackson defended his desire to sleep in close proximity with young boys under persistent questioning from his year
He described the practices very charming, very sweet, and recommended that by sheer sleep in the same bed as friends of his own children
He also claimed that children like to be touched and said he would kill himself if he could not be close to them
Hey Mike, it's loaded! Gavin the 12-year-old boy at the center of the fresh sleepover claim said he met Jackson two years ago after cancer was diagnosed
He began sleeping overnight at the 44-year-old singer's Neverland Ranch with his brother and sister
On a lot occasion the boy asked to sleep in Jackson's bedroom, it was like Michael, can you sleep in the bed?
And it was like no, no, no, you sleep on the bed, I was like no, no, no, you sleep in the bed, and they said look if you love me, you'll sleep in the bed
No, no, no, yes, yes, yes, I was like oh man, so I finally slept in the bed, but it was fun that night
Jackson said he slept in the floor, did not touch the boy
Jackson's children Prince Michael, the first six in Paris four, are only allowed out in public wearing carnival masks to disguise their faces
And one of the most disturbing scenes in last night's program, a shaking Jackson bottle-fed Prince Michael the tooth, who was covered from head to toe in a silk veil
The baby enjoyed being vangled over the Berlin hotel balcony to singer claimed
Jackson's career is locked into a downward spiral, his last album sold only two million copies in the US even though it took him six years to write and cost 16 million pounds to make his form business manager
The young holy is claimed that the singer was actually 125 million pounds in debt as a result of his life is spending
It cost a lot for those really young boys, he's being sued for failing to perform at concerts his fallout of wood is a career-long record company Sony accusing his chairman of racism
Grenada's made more than three and a half million pounds from international sales of the film, part of the Tonight with Trevor McDonald's series with screenings in Australia New Zealand to follow this week
The company hopes to recoup a further two million pounds from video and DVD sales which may feature additional material cut from the film
Jackson was not paid to participate in the project, Gerrata said
There you go, Michael Jackson commits suicide on British TV
One of the great days for American investment of the world too
Now we can be safe, now we might even reconsider going in there to Iraq and Iran and all those other joints
Huh? What do you think? Now that the world is safe again, let's go, let's roll
About minutes after nine at five sixty WQAM, let me tell you right now about the beast
Here's a man who was like also dangerous, he was on the verge of death a few months ago, he went nearly three hundred pounds
A young man who was waddling up and down the hall here very slowly
Decided to lose that weight and we helped him do it with balance for life, he's still on the sack
He saw me yesterday and we looked at it, whatever it was, he was kind of a sack
Anyway, he's got all his meals in your little black sack and that's why you ought to be doing it too with balance for life
No cooking, no shopping, no worries, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no figuring, no diddling
Because they do it all for you, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are delivered right to your door in that little black sack every day that's trying to program
The only choice you've got to make is the choice between two alternatives for each meal every day that's around the program
And that's it, and the food is fresh and delicious is all kinds of chicken dishes and beef and you name it
Everything is fresh, nothing froze, nothing artificial, and balance for life will help you shed those pounds in a hurry
It's the fast, delicious way to lose the weight, so join the beast, you'll look better and feel a lot better too
Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 and by the way Troy, I don't eat flounder, okay?
I've been on the flounder on occasion, I don't eat flounder
9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 or check out their most prestigious website at balanceforlife.com
5-6-6-6-6-8-32-29 and you win!
The asshole
Meet Joe, he's rich, he's handsome, he has great taste in furniture, and he has 20 beautiful women interested in him
But there's a twist, he's not interested in them
It's Joe Homo sexual, Fox's newest reality romance show, see what happens when these lovely ladies try to get Joe in switch teams
But he didn't want to talk to me at all, he just wanted to see more pictures of my brother
Don't miss, Joe Homo sexual
We were supposed to have a romantic dinner together alone, but I didn't know he was also bringing Cliff his friend
And be sure to catch the final episode of Joe Homo sexual when Joe pops the big question, Sandra?
Yes Joe, I love it, I love it
Would you...
Leave me a clip alone for a few minutes
Whatever
Joe Homo sexual, run out to your Boston public bathhouse, only on Fox
9-18-5-6-6-2-30-30, oh wow, I was speaking to Fox before we were talking about a Phil Specter and Ben Affleck, who also insists he doesn't wear a toupee and is not gay
But other than that, maybe he'll hold a press conference, don't say he doesn't wear a toupee and he's not gay
And he'll let all the reporters yank on it to make sure it's for real, and the week two
Fox News, the network of America, tries to pay Sodom, says a common dreams news center
The sad phones are lined up, the tenser in place, dozens of languages filled the smoke-filled atrium
Every kind of technical equipment imaginable is scattered about
The scene almost resembles an eerie version of the quick setup for heavy metal concert, welcome to the press center
On the ground floor of the Iraqi Ministry of Information
Over the last several weeks, low-paid Iraqi construction workers have rubbed elbows with journalists from CNN, BBC New York Times and the slew of other media outlets
The workers are halfway through a sizable construction project to expand the press center to accommodate the influx of proverbial herds waiting for the war
Inside the building, tiny six by six cubicles are known as the hottest real estate on the Baghdad market
Officially, the space will cost you 500 bucks a month, but space is limited and cash is flowing from the pockets of the major networks to Iraqi officials and the government to ensure access once the bombs start flying
But this is not just the cubicles. Under the government guidelines, journalists cough up a handsome sum of money to the government individual officials
Here are the bare minimums for journalists operating in Baghdad
A hundred dollars a day, fee per journalist, camera perth, technical staff, etc.
A hundred fifty dollars a day for a permission to use a satellite telephone, which the journalists have to provide themselves, 50 to 100 bucks a day for mandatory government escort, 50 to 100 dollars a day for car and driver, some network-severated vehicles, and 75 bucks a day for room at the Al-Rashid hotel
That's already 500 bucks and doesn't include the thousands of dollars daily for each direct life satellite feed for TV networks, nor does it include the bribes and tips shelled out left and right
Nor does it include the money handed over at border crossings and at the airport. The networks don't like to talk about how much they actually spend, but one veteran of the media scene he estimated to cost for major TV network at about a hundred thousand dollars a month
Others say that's a low estimate. Almost all of this cash, except a few tips here and there, goes directly to the Iraqi government
Once you light up the bill for the TV networks alone, we're talking perhaps millions of dollars in revenue a month for the government
There's a joke here that the major media outlets are now competing with oil smuggling as the number one moneymaker for the Iraqi government
It is particularly ironic that while Rupert Murdoch's troops from Fox News Network rally for the war dismissing anti-war activists as Dupes of the Iraqi regime, the network America trust is paying sawdum as they refer to a rack, hand over fist tens of thousands of dollars every month
But strolled on the halls of the press entry you'll see that Rupert's troops have multiple battalions. He also owns Sky News, the British version of Fox, as well as the Times of London. A bit of research will probably find that Murdoch owns other publications operating here as well. Fox News reporter, reporters and others as well like to say for the benefit of the viewers that their broadcast are being monitored by the Iraqi government, fair enough, but perhaps the Murdoch empire should begin each of its reports or dispatches from Baghdad by disclosing how much money they paid sawdum today
How do you like that? The pot calling the kettle purple bunch of schmucks record producer Phil Spector, right in the woman slangs. How do you like that?
Bethlehem, Udi al-Lake.
We're working feverishly by the way to get some Ronets and also not quite as feverishly to get the righteous brothers who lost 11 feet and we have let it be.
Okay.
That would kill some good times since I noticed the screen was 9 to 10 hour hasn't enticed them to call because they have nothing to say and don't forget don't answer the phone this hour.
Oh, that's right. Also before we get to Phil Spector, the room around the building because I could hear a little bit of it felt like the wall was rattling over here behind the microwave refrigerator.
Quite a yelling and hysteria match with who's involved in their gildy mo and clearance.
And I couldn't make it out but I did hear you asshole comes to the wall and the other people in there as well.
Oh, yeah.
It's kind of a small orifice.
That's all I heard walking past.
What was that?
You asshole.
I heard that too right through the wall here.
Calm down and their boys okay. It's only a radio show.
Well, in your case.
No, seriously. What are they getting all whipped up about?
You don't think that...
Zack.
And by the way, say I think that they're upset.
They might be a little upset that Zack got me that sandwich from Howie's this morning that toasted cheese.
A little grilled cheese sandwich, not bad. On whole wheat bread no less.
Thank Zack, you're okay in our book.
In fact, you can replace Carlos if they dump you off that show.
No, that's just it.
Just a joke. He don't know his computer stuff like Carlos did.
And you could never breathe him in the sink.
Not that one.
You couldn't beat his foot in the sink, for example.
Like sink hole maybe.
So he's probably sitting in there like you told me crap in his pants, which in his case.
He's sitting on a little metal chair in a fetal position.
He's sitting on his stool, hugging his knees.
Yeah.
Wondering what's going to happen?
You asshole.
What kind of bomb they're dropping in there this morning?
You almost smell it right through the doorway.
You know what?
Looks like it's seeping.
5, 6, 7.
Can we see if these phones are working today?
Just no, just real.
Just real.
You know, now that we're off at the space shuttle tragedy, we're finally back in a little bit.
A little bit.
They're giving a ride.
In fact, CNN was so grateful for the Michael Jackson story and at Richard Questing on there this morning.
They were like foaming it to mouth, exploiting it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
It's a phone check, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
That would be QIM.
Testing 123.
Thank you.
You never guess who I heard on the monitoring the most show this morning coming in.
I give up.
Mark the Jets fan.
Isn't it?
Isn't that sad?
You're cautionary.
Don't start with Josh again.
You asshole.
It's wrong with you, man.
You see?
Stirring it up again.
Don't worry, Zach.
We'll blame George again.
We'll throw him under the bus.
He's getting pretty crowded under there.
WQAM.
No, I'm gonna bug her.
Okay, like I said.
I didn't say it was gonna take calls.
I just want to make sure they understand what we do this hour and tell you decide what they want to do with it.
I know what they can do with this hour.
Right.
No, the show doesn't start officially till 10.
And that nice fact I had from whatever her name was, that nice lady, Joan of Arc or whatever was.
She was an extraordinary light.
She'd like the comedy bits.
And it's something to think about.
Not tomorrow being Wednesday.
We will do that between 9 and 10.
We've moved that noon to 1 hour into 9 to 10.
And that's a very well last week.
That was one of those days we left here.
It felt like we accomplished something like in a really good mood.
No, perky.
Although today we may not leave here in such a good mood.
I don't know why, depending on how many bodies can fly into that room next door.
You asshole!
Okay, calm down, okay?
Wait till you see that piece, they're sneaking out of the door.
Probably try to run out of their by itself.
Huh?
They will know it's alive.
Doing the muskrat ramble right into the bullpen.
Here's the fact that says can anyone explain why General Tommy Frank says it has his wife, a tent classified need to know military meetings, and walk around with a bodyguard?
Well, they're going to like a slap him on the wrist, Tommy Franks.
But there's no chance that he's going to be replaced.
Can't you just sit at home and make black arm bands like the rest of the Washington wife he poos?
Just wondering, he has a wife you know it says.
Love your show as always.
Hate the callers.
Says Todd and Holly would a chronic.
He hates the callers.
WQA, I'm Todd hates you.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes?
Hello.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm on a cell phone going to Venice for a while.
Why are you doing that?
I don't know.
I just... I haven't seen old people in a while.
I really really miss the...
The...
Sunrise likes man.
Come on back.
Sunrise likes.
Don't waste all that gas.
Don't be a... don't be a terrorist.
He's aiding and abetting terrorism.
You know by wasting all that gas driving aimlessly to Venice?
Or don't we agree?
Yes, we do agree.
He should walk.
So anyway about that Panther game.
See just testing...
Record producer's specter arrested and woman's slang.
Phil's specter, the record producer whose wall of sound
backed up rock groups from the run-ets to the Ramones,
was arrested yesterday in the early morning shooting death of a woman
inside his sprawling suburban mansion.
We could play some of the Ramones too in honor of Joey Ramone, right?
Okay.
And Dee Dee Ramone.
And Javier and Jose and Hulie Ramone.
Can we...
Oh you got Ramones?
I was just joking about that.
I don't know.
Well, I'm sorry.
Take your time looking.
Okay?
Don't be in any great hurry for it.
Because I'm sure that once Bokeh gets in here, we're going to have Ramones.
So now that you think about it, be my baby by the run-ets.
I'm trying to think of any other walking in the rain.
Was that... huh?
Oh.
I don't know.
Oh.
Too old.
You know these...
You get a hernia with these damn billboard top 40 books.
You know what?
I mean he had other groups beside the run-ets.
But they just...
And I don't think anything to do with the churrells.
I could be wrong about that.
Somebody will call let me know.
The run-ets.
Be my baby.
Yeah, walking in the rain.
That was pretty good.
Huh?
Feel that you got that.
Baby, I love you.
Baby, I love you.
The best part of breaking up, that was again.
Do I love you?
Question mark.
Do I love you?
No.
So there you go.
The run-ets.
Part of that whole field-spec-
On you, Philly people.
You know, that's an interesting thing.
We don't have hardly any Philly people down here.
Remember my friend Dave the Pyramidic from Hollywood?
Right.
I sure remember him.
But at any rate,
that was a long time ago.
He's probably ugly by now.
But at any rate,
they're just...
For whatever reason.
Why do you think that is?
Maybe the people from Philly don't feel it off here.
Aren't fleeing that city like the New Yorkers did.
Maybe they like that.
Maybe they like all the garbage.
It's kind of a filthy city Philly.
It's what I heard.
And it's kind of a strange thing when you got on a school,
kill expressway.
And you go through the downtown part of the city
and there are no exits.
There's nowhere to get off.
So to speak.
Have you ever been there?
What am I asking you for?
How about Carlos?
You don't believe that.
I've been all over the place.
You've gone through this part.
You've never been anywhere.
You've been in Montana.
You've been in places that nobody ever would want to go.
North Carolina Montana.
That's George's repertoire.
North Carolina Montana.
And some place in the Van Poole.
The place in the hour when he had a chance.
That's where we were in Chicago.
How long were you in Chicago?
It's not even through it.
How long were you in Chicago?
23 hours.
But more than that.
So.
He had drove through it.
Yeah.
Right.
You were there until the night.
Mike, does he discover you were there?
You were there?
Get your ass out of there real quick back down here.
New York.
Vegas.
Vegas.
Right.
So as far as America goes, I've been about.
Boston?
No.
Oh.
St. Louis?
No.
Detroit?
No.
That's good.
You know, you're making a point.
That's good.
You don't want to talk about those points.
Don't go to any tribe.
By the way, anybody.
Don't ever go there.
Never felt the need.
Do never go there.
Okay.
Please.
We're begging you.
28 after that.
Look at how the time is zipping along here.
Now we got all those calls pouring in here on our screenless.
See, it's not that I want to really talk to any of them.
It's just that it's good to have the phone flashing.
Because it indicates there's something going on.
What's happened next door there?
You asshole.
Hey, let me tell you this.
You're one of those if you're sleeping on a warning or a warning or a lumpy bump.
You old mattress.
That's right.
Because you're doing your back at a service.
You wake up in the morning.
You haven't had a good night's sleep and you feel like crap.
If you want to start feeling great and refreshed when you wake up in the morning, sleep on a name-brand mattress from our good friends at Dollar mattress.
They carry the best in the world.
See, these serratus, Simmons, King Quill.
Every size and style on the sun, they deliver it to your door when it's convenient for you.
Any day, seven days a week in the two-hour window that you pick when it's convenient when you're going to be there.
And they give you that 30-day comfort exchange period with no hassles, no reservations whatsoever.
So here's the deal.
If you watch yourself a great new mattress without even leaving the house, why do it any other way?
Call 1-800-Matrus like I always do.
And more and more people around here are starting to catch on.
1-800-MATTRES.
You'll enjoy a great night's sleep tonight and for months and years to come.
Call him right now and you'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
1-800-MATRES.
1-800-MATTRES.
2-800-MATTRES.
We're sports radio 5-16.
Q-A-F.
We can give South Florida a major blowjob.
Hello!
Hello!
Hello!
How are you?
Who's this maid?
No, this is your wife, Talia.
I like to speak to Tommy Metolia.
Hello!
Tommy Motto, my resident.
Raja!
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up?
No, no, Talia.
Talia, let me talk to the devil.
Please hold!
Tommy!
Tommy!
Raja!
Tommy!
What is this?
Raja!
You got the phone!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh wow!
Tommy Metolia!
Speaking, this is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job!
You lost your job!
Hey, I didn't lose my job!
I stepped down!
Well, sure, however you want to paint the picture,
whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it,
but you lost your job!
You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Metolia!
Yeah, can you hear that?
That's my Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day,
but if I got to stay home with her every day I'm going to go crazy.
You're getting your justi, church,
Tommy Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food,
chimmy chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than exonc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will, so you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey, we're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right, oh, geez, if it's not Chevy's, it's T-T's,
if it's not T-T's, it's, what's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to beret you, and all I'm getting is dribble and chimmy chenga.
I admit it, I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish.
I was the living in America.
I was the living in America.
You're living in America.
All right, hey, look, Mikey, I got to go, okay?
I got to take over the taco bell.
Tammy!
Okay.
Tammy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am fighting myself having some sympathy for you.
All right, all right, all right, I got to go, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to front right now, half the neighborhood would go up.
Oh, stop.
934-560 WQAM.
Well, at least tabloids this week, they seem to have one recurring topic.
Yeah, yeah, that seems to be it.
The star, Tom's gay battle with billionaire hotel queen.
I guess it figures if you're going to have a gay battle, it should be with some queen, right?
Oh, this is Leona Hemsley.
Man, is she looking nasty?
I mean, not that she looks good.
Wow, look at that picture here on the front of the start that I have to make you upchuck.
On the national inquire, if that isn't enough to make you sick, look who's down in front page.
You didn't inquire this week.
I read post-personal software and already read it.
Oh, Jay.
Oh, Jay attacks daughter, comps saver after 9-1-1 call.
You killed mommy, she says.
Oh, great.
I can't wait to get to that.
Can you?
Please.
And Leona Hemsley.
It's open at least.
JFK Jr. lover is gay, shocker.
Has Daryl Hanna turn lesbian?
Oh, let's look at those eyebrows.
Carlos and George's eyebrows both went off the top of their head.
Man, they're on the ceiling now and the eyebrows too.
Look at that.
Has Daryl Hanna turn lesbian?
Had it a sexual men from coast to coast, they're only praying that it's so.
And when we see the footage of that.
That's great.
Anyway, speaking of interesting stories, even the Pope is wild about Harry.
Potter, that is.
The Vatican is giving two thumbs up to the Harry Potter series.
The good versus evil plot lines of the best-selling books are imbued with Christian morals.
The Reverend Don Peter, Fleetwood, told the Vatican newscom...
...Friend's yesterday.
There's always a Peter in there somewhere, isn't there?
Fleetwood.
I don't see any problems in the Harry Potter series.
Fleetwood said, I wonder if he's keen to Fleetwood Mac.
Or maybe Fleetwood Mac Groover.
He was responding to questions after the release of a new Vatican document on the new AIDS phenomenon,
which he helped draft his member of the Pontifical Council for Culture.
The Pontifical Council for Culture.
Fleetwood was asked whether the magic embraced by Harry Potter and his pals
if the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was problematic for the Roman Catholic Church,
the Roman Catholic Church, some evangelical groups of condemn the series for glamorizing magic and the occult.
Wait until he hears his response.
I don't think there's anyone in this room who grew up without fairies.
Magic at angels in their imaginary world said Fleetwood was British.
There's no one in this room who said to grow up without fairies.
Magic at angels.
They aren't bad.
They aren't serving as a banner for an anti-Christian ideology.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
He said British author, J.K. Rowling, was Christian by conviction as Christian in their motive living,
even in a wave writing, etc. and so on.
How do you like that, huh?
So the Pope likes Harry Potter.
And who the hell didn't grow up with fairies, right?
We all did.
Archdiocese hit with three more suits speaking of that.
That's how this all seems to tie in.
And I must be psychic again because my poll, while I'm not going to tell the audience yet,
but I showed Carlos and my psychic or what?
Right there on the front page of the star.
Now we've taken that poll.
It was quite some time ago.
It's like one we take every year and give the people the opportunity to get more and more gossip, more and more crap,
and then figure out who's gay.
Archdiocese hit with three more suits.
Three more lawsuits alleging sexual abuse have been allowed to proceed toward trial over protest by the Mime Arts Dice,
that the statute of limitations ran out years ago.
It's the statute of limitations.
That was the one with the penis on it.
The cases during at least four others are also alleging decades old abuse that have been allowed to proceed in recent weeks.
By the way, for the audience that's monitoring out there, the confad next door is broken up and Zach is still securing his job as of this moment.
Zach is intact.
Zach is intact and he's still watching his back.
Attorneys typically have up to seven years after the incident to file civil cases on behalf of their clients claiming negligence and sexual battery, according to Florida law.
But in cases where there are allegations that the wrongdoing was covered up, plaintiffs attorneys say the time constraints do not apply.
Undeterred, Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Augustus says the Archdiocese has faith in the judicial system and will continue to move forward in whatever avenues are available to us.
If they have such great faith in the judicial system, why did they cover up all these things for years and years and years?
Shut up, I have to wonder. I'm sorry.
Last week, Mimey Dayd County Circuit Court Judge Jennifer Bailey decided to sue against the Reverend Ernesto Garcia Rubio could go forward.
Under the name of Juan F. R. Doe, the now 35-year-old plaintiff said that the priest raped him in 1984.
The El Salvadori Refugee was threatened with deportation when he reported the assault.
The assault said the plaintiffs attorney Russell S. Adler. How do you like that?
He was raped at it.
Gang rape is funny.
Also last week, Mimey Circuit Judge Michael Chavis denied that Archdiocese's motion to dismiss a case involved a three-on-identified girl's allegedly musted in the Church of San Agatha 1989.
So the plaintiff goes on and on and on.
These tablets, they're going to...
They're scared.
I'm going to go pardon?
The sales department is scared.
He's scared of what?
He's going to have notice.
Good. Keep their answers on him.
Okay.
What was that all about?
Tommy was cracking up because Troy's slides the paper through the door.
He just opens it up and slides it.
Good.
He throws it through the door.
Good. Keep your crack out of our door.
Crack them.
Okay.
My mocha-complexed friend.
Keep your crack out of our door.
20.
W-Q-A-M.
I...
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
He must be calling in on the way home.
Have a safe trip to Mocha by the way, Moan.
Get that blood pressure down.
It's very unselling to watch that hairpiece hopping up and down by itself losing contact with the scalp.
Not a good thing to say.
Not a pretty picture, you know what?
Maybe that's what Clarence got a little bit unsettled by seeing the side of that.
20 til 10 at 5, 60 W-Q-A-M.
Where every day here now turns out to be just another wild event.
Just another boom boom boom boom boom like that.
Is what it is.
Here at Q-A-M.
Well, what a shame I'm not going to be here too much longer, you know.
I'm going to be hitting the road once again.
Yeah, look at all the fun you're going to be missing.
Good!
You know, all you guys out there, the size really, it does make a difference.
I'm sure you're already aware that, according to the Florida Department of Labor,
computer professionals have gotten really big ones.
And of course we're talking about paychecks.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest
demand as well.
Fast train can help you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Fast train's got locations in Kendall, Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines.
With day evening and weekend schedules, there's no excuse to stay in that dead end job.
Call Fast Train right now, toll free at 1-866-Fast Train.
That's 1-866-Fast Train.
They've got full-time job placement and Guadanteed financing too.
Call them or check them out on the web at fast train.com because you can have a big one
real soon.
Speaking of that, I get more solicitate, more junk mail on my email for a penis extension.
Have you seen those?
Yes.
That's all I can get on it.
You can have an extra two to three inches this week.
Before noon, you can have an extra five six.
You can be dragging like a trouser snake, you know?
What is that all about?
Well, we'll look into it.
Call Fast Train today and get you a big one to a big fat paycheck.
1-866-Fast Train.
This is the end of Miami and Lauderdale.
This is the sports radio fight season.
You way up.
Hang this up, baby.
Yeah, come on on.
You big strong man.
Uncle Sam needs you to help again.
There's a guy who's kind of a pain.
He going by the name of his side, then the same.
We're shooting dead and put him into soil.
And then we're going to take his oil.
And it's 1-2-3.
What are we fighting for?
Don't ask me, I don't need the craft.
Next stop, please hold the rack.
And it's five, six, seven, fire on the F-16s.
It will blow it all up and in no time.
We'll put the next song sign.
We'll do it, George, and you'll be glad.
I hope you do better than your dad.
I've got to go see if that gas is gone.
It's really got itself in a coming bomb.
You know we'll never make peace with the street.
Do you think it's finally?
And it's 1-2-3.
What are we fighting for?
Pretty soon with our mobile least.
We'll be in spot at Greece.
And it's five, six, seven, hit country, fire lips.
We're two world-court didn't do much harm.
Maybe the third time the charm.
Man, it's 1-2-3.
What are we fighting for?
Don't ask me, I don't need the craft.
You asked hold.
9-46 at 5-60 W.
They broke it up.
The big tip next door for the moment, at least for today.
I guess the next chapter tomorrow is what I'm thinking.
So anyway, you open up to the very middle page of this week's star.
The issue is February 11, 2003.
The one with the picture of Tom Cruise and little instead of Leona,
who just turned 173.
And they're in the right in the middle.
Right where you'd find originally the playboy post here, I guess.
Instead, we got a big headline that says, he's a fag.
All right.
And there's a picture of Tommy Cruise, beard and all.
And there's Leona, who doesn't look a day over 163 there.
Does she?
Look at that.
Woo!
Man.
Holy crap.
She looks like Ebenezer Scrooge on a bad day with a bad one of Moza.
And Fave and Mo wouldn't wear that piece, you know what?
He would smit cannon.
Tom Cruise's fury over Queen of Mean, Gay, Slur, ex hotel employee tells Court.
Tom Cruise's fury set at New York Hotel, Magnet, Leona, Hemsley,
over reports that she called him a fag and plans to sue the gay
bashing Queen of Mean, says the actor's attorney.
He's not gay, Rage's Bertram Fields, Cruises High-Powered Hollywood lawyer.
It's a terrible thing for her to say she has no basis for it.
It's outrageous.
It's absolutely false.
There's no question that Mr. Cruise will take legal action.
There will be damages, especially since it's been given widespread publicity.
The shocking accusation that the top gun isn't a straight arrow surfaced as part of a $40 million
discrimination lawsuit filed in New York by Charles Bell.
He claims Hemsley fired him as General Manager of a 600-room park lane hotel because he is gay.
Got it?
He's gay.
Bell says that Hemsley 82 is known to hate homosexuals and is constantly questioning
whether people are an employee are gay.
He claims she asks, John Lapakens, are you gay if you are then watch out!
Hemsley's homophobic rancor against Cruise allegedly came out of the blue one day while she was watching him on TV.
John Moore, her ex-security chief, testified her man had in gay bashing trail.
He's gay.
He's a fag.
Hemsley said to have blurted out.
When in doubt she blurted it out.
Moore added that he thought the multi-millionaire met it more as a put down than a statement of fact.
Her lawyer, Steve Eckhaus, denied she's anti-gay.
If anything, Eckhaus says Bell is the one who's been behaving badly.
Mades at the hotel testified that Bell
sweet-resumble-day sexual torture chamber.
It resembled a sexual torture chamber.
All right!
One staffer says she found sex toys, rings, bloody sheets, and body oil when she came up to tidy up.
Another time she was startled by a naked guy in the sofa and last Valentine's day she stumbled upon belt and ten guys in leather partying.
It's interesting because one place they call embellen on the place that's called Belk.
But feel to intense the launch of his own investigation.
The matter says Cruz is only concerned about Hemsley.
We'll sue her for making outrageous and false statements.
I know his attitude on it says the lawyer in their exclusive interview.
He's given me authorization to file if anyone says he's gay.
It's clearly not true.
He's not gay.
Do you believe it?
I want you to stay up right now and say that he's not gay.
Okay, we believe it on this show.
He's not gay.
He's not maybe anything else.
But he's definitely not gay.
Right?
Right.
Whatever.
The room.
George said that.
The room has been around for years.
I'm positive that Mr. Cruz will file a properly we've done so before.
And we'll certainly sue Ms. Hemsley.
It's the famitory that she said those things.
The minority report, Hart Rob has been suing every slanderer inside.
He recently won a $10 million judgment and lost it against gay child stop.
Gay porn star Chad Slater who claimed he had a homosexual fling with Cruz.
How about Kristen Slater?
How about him?
One of your favorites.
Yeah.
Having come out on top of that court battle source to say the stupid stars raid do whatever it takes to keep his sexual orientation from being questioned.
He's going to hold more press conferences on this than Tom Sullick, Bert Reynolds, who are some of the other ones.
Michael Jackson speaking of him.
Tom's got nothing against gay.
Says an insider.
He just hates lies and he resents being the target of Hemsley's malicious statements.
He's sick of having to prove his manhood over and over and over again.
It's hurtful to him and to his loved ones, especially his girlfriend.
Penelope Cruz rhymes with shmuz and lous.
Anyone who sees Tom with Penelope knows that he loves women ads the insider.
Sources say the pair were clearly half for each other when she visited him on the said the last sammy ride during filming of some scenes.
And Warner Bros. Studio in Burbank, California.
Everything was like get room you two, says Nimser.
They were totally into each other.
Very physical lots of kissing and touching.
No way Tom could fake that.
He's good but he's not that good of an actor.
You can't fake it.
Just ask Rock Hudson, Doris Day.
And Cruz is now focused on getting even.
Leon and Hemsley could apologize till she's blew in the face as the insider.
If she called Tom names, Tom thinks she's an evil blank rams with which.
How do you like that?
She's an evil blank rams with which.
Take a look at that puss again, man.
Have you ever seen a picture like that in your life?
Man, the queen of mean.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
I think she's the queen.
I have never in my life seen anything I grew some looking.
She looks like Joan Collins.
Great, great grandma.
Don't you?
She's an evil bitch.
Yeah.
Rams with which.
And who hasn't grown up with a few fairies around you know what?
So there's latest on that.
We got to get to the OJ thing.
What you think?
Yeah.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey did you happen to read Jim DeFeed's article this morning in the paper?
You want to know about how the hero is so good and how it's not as good as you used to.
But aren't we really good over here?
Yeah, I saw that.
I was sitting on the crapper reading that's a matter of fact.
It helped a lot.
What a spell.
What a spell out.
I mean I used to write articles for the new times.
What kind of budget did they have there?
And he used to break articles all the time with a fee shiver.
And all the county commission.
Now he can't do his job there because of funding.
Maybe if they did some investigative reporting people would buy the rag.
Yeah.
It's this, but I'm glad you mentioned that.
It's really pathetic.
Right.
And I love the line says, the hero does still a great newspaper.
Not as great as it used to be.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
You know?
Well, I thought, you know, just like you, I thought he was a guy that was going to come in and call a like he saw it and write it and, you know, make a difference.
He's just a sellout.
He's sold out.
Exactly.
And, you know, he just writes puck pieces now.
Just crap.
Yeah.
What a joke.
He fits right in.
Thanks for the reminder.
Yeah, Jim DeFeedy, a man, you're pathetic.
You're very weak.
You wrote a couple of columns.
We thought, hey, here's a chance.
He's got three to go to write some stuff.
And now he's writing about, hey, this paper is really okay.
It's not so bad.
It's a crap.
And then what can we do?
We don't have any money and all that.
It was sad.
It was really tragic.
It would be like us going on here and saying, well, you know, QAM, once upon a time, we used to be pretty good and now we suck.
I mean, everybody knows that anyway.
So what are we supposed to do?
It's like this hour.
The QAM.
We're going to rename this not the 9 to 10 hour.
The QAM throw away hour.
Sure.
And unfortunately, it threw it our way.
Which we, this is the hot potato hour.
I don't want it.
You can have no, and we're all like passing it around in a hallway and everybody keeps dropping it.
They'll give it to me.
No, no.
How about Carlos?
You want it?
He'll take it.
Yeah.
We've got something for you all right.
He could do it in the bathroom.
He already has.
Oh, look at this.
Are you hot?
The search for America's sexiest people from the creator of the bachelor.
The clothes come off for two hours.
Thursday, February 13th on ABC.
And are you wearing this show?
What?
You're not familiar with this show?
Well, take a look at this picture right here.
Okay, there's something for everybody.
We don't see any head shots, but in a picture like that, who wants to see head?
Yeah, whatever.
We've been cares about head in a picture like that.
Or if they have them.
Wow.
Exactly.
They could be like, hey, come on, crane and then headless horsemen.
Oh, I'm sure that a lot of us would be glad to get a hold of one or both of those.
With my laundry head.
That's something, man.
Oh, man.
Are you hot?
The search for America?
I think they're finally catching on.
I've been trying to tell these people for years now.
And the guy named Travel Channel, they caught on for about six months.
They're now they're busy showing Vegas shows every day.
They lost it.
They spent.
They're all sweaty.
Yeah.
They shot their load.
Is that what it says over?
Caution.
Do not lick this page.
It says.
Yeah.
I was just about to too.
Right there around the naval.
Isn't that one of those licking steps?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Look at that.
Wow.
What am I looking for?
I'm looking for that old TV.
Oh, Jay, you better hurry up here.
Okay.
Computer commando is helping Uncle Sam Ways War on terrorists.
Nice work, Carlos.
And that's what we're not supposed to tell you about that.
Video head with Bill Harris.
I prefer the real thing myself.
Blood money.
Fed say rap music dollars may be bankrolling terrorists.
What is it?
Fed say rap music money may be bankrolling terrorists.
Oh, right.
Rap mogul Irv Gotti has been linked to a kid drug king pin.
Of course, you know those drugs.
Right.
Gilbert Blake going bananas.
He can't do the time in solitary.
Poor Bobby Blake, your favorite.
Who killed that bitch.
Poor guy.
Rhymes with weight.
Blood him over.
You know something?
I can't find a story.
I have to do during the break.
Oh, no.
We'll have to find the OJ story during the break in the inquiry because obviously he's one of our very, very, very favorite people to rip an ass.
We hate you, OJ, and so does everybody else.
Can't stand you except the worst of the jock sniffers like many of the people who work in this building.
Some of the most anxious people.
People we avoid as seriously whatever that means.
People we don't even like sniff when they've been in the tea room.
I will say one thing about Sackthobo.
He sure drops a smelly load in there, you know what?
I love you.
One thing about us fat people.
Well, we leave some really nasty aroma behind in the magic aroma.
Is it the pressure?
Well, what do you think?
When you eat that much, when you consume that vine of food and you've got the irritable bowel and so on like churning in the air, like fermenting?
Huh?
Oh my God, you can't even begin.
You don't want to be near it.
You want to be within shouting or sniffing distance.
In my luck, I go in here to take a leak and he's in course number.
It's not only the aroma but the number of visits.
It makes you look like a piker.
I bet you before anybody even gets here in the morning, he's been in there four or five times already, Zack.
So watch your back side, Zack.
Don't slip off that this turlits seat.
I can't find...
Maybe it's just a tease.
Maybe there is no story in here about OJ.
Not seriously, I mean this is heavy-do-these stuff.
What if Christian and Antonio fought over the same one?
What is this?
This is some, I don't know what...
What show is that?
Oh, one life to live.
I don't watch those ABC soaps, okay?
I don't drop it.
Bad for you.
I don't care what you give me a son of an aunt's about all the good ones guys on the...
What is it, General?
Hospital, I'm supposed to be watching.
You didn't hear that from me.
Some woman called in and said that her facts didn't.
Now I didn't hear it from you because you're not paying any attention to the important stuff.
You don't even know who.
You don't know Teresa from Antonio from Luis Miguel.
Who?
Exactly.
The mystery of Nicole's hands, the ours beauty cut right handed to the golden gloves.
Look at that.
She's got red hands.
She's got this band hand.
No.
She's soaking in it.
Uh, I can't find the OJ store.
Which is good.
We'll give you something to do during the commercial.
Oh, here it is.
Here it is.
OJ attacks daughter, cop saver after 911 call.
I mean, we already had the original little puff piece, but not the great stuff you get in the inquirer.
Oh!
Yeah, the juice, I'm sorry.
Oh, the juice on the juice.
That's what everybody's waiting for.
They can already taste it.
My mind and local, here's sports radio 560s.
You ain't, you ain't.
You ain't.
No single artist embodies the spirit of Valentine's Day like Gordon Whitefoot.
Are you serious?
Uh-huh.
And now Gordon Whitefoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
and passionately embraces your favorite love songs in his new album, Gordon Whitefoot Saints Valentine's Day.
I know that my heart will go low.
Yes.
Canada's most intimate singer, Gordon Whitefoot, will pour you in the mood for love with this
Elvis Presley classic.
Take my heart, take my whole life too, but I can't help believing in the whole of you.
Turn up the passion and turn down the lights with Gordon Whitefoot's rendition of this Marvin Gaye favorite.
Those when I get this to healing, I need sex to heal you.
Gordon Whitefoot will tug at your heartstrings and pierce your eardrums with Whitney Houston's most famous love song.
I will always love you.
It's cheaper than a dozen roses and you want to keep it around almost as long.
It's Gordon Whitefoot's SYNC's Valentine's Day.
Or any other day, 10 o'clock at 5'60 W.D.Q.M. Happy Tuesday to and now we can officially start the show.
Thank goodness.
We dispense with that nine to ten hour went by kind of fast, isn't it?
Yeah, it was all right.
It was okay.
It was spectacular.
A lot of good calls in it though.
Yes.
Yesterday's poll result, 1474 votes.
How were you personally impacted by the Columbia Shuttle disaster?
A thousand and six, 68.2% well over two thirds said it was a tragedy, but what's meant happens?
There's still going on, by the way.
A moment with Miles Orion, it's Johnson Space Hutt.
Oh, thank you.
256 people said it was somewhat the personally impacted 17%, very greatly only 131, 8.8%.
Very greatly.
And not at all, 81 hardhearted bastards out there said not at all.
5.5%.
Out of nearly 1,500 votes.
Today's poll, I'm glad you asked.
And like I said, my psychic powers must have been really kicking and overdrive, you know what?
Because I had, I was in the shower and I was thinking about four or five different polls.
Manistana Halalazegh.
Yeah.
Not seriously.
Poll questions, I guess it is.
I see.
Freeze that well.
But at any rate, which of these people are you most convinced is gay?
Is the poll today?
Good.
Okay.
And it's just an opinion thing.
Oh, now again, we're not accusing anybody of being gay other than me and Freaky Carlos out front.
I don't know anybody else who is.
It's just speculations.
Everybody else who's accused of that, of course, it's only a rumor.
Right?
Do we know anybody else who is?
Alice Rantel, Norma Kent.
I think that's it.
What's Lin's friend's name?
Anyway, which of these people, oh, that's, he'd be good to put on there, don't you think?
We're going to ask this list, of course.
And of course, the audience can call in and help us build a list.
Most convinced.
That's all.
It's just an opinion.
See, I don't understand that whole thing about suing everybody inside.
First of all, what's the big deal?
So what if he is?
Huh?
He's already established himself as whatever the hell he is.
It doesn't make any difference anymore.
That's pass A to be afraid of being gay.
Who are you to tell somebody else how they want to be perceived?
Oh, I'm trying to get around about that.
But so again, people speculate about these things.
And of course, people are curious.
And the bottom line is that all this Hollywood crap, nothing is ever whether it appears to be.
It's all manufactured and it's fabricated.
Oh, this one is kissy kissy, and what that one.
Nobody really knows because it's all manufactured by the publicity people.
So you just assume you just make a guess and anything.
You kind of titter about it.
It's funded titter about.
Right?
Like maybe some of these, let's like saying which of quarterbacks you think are gay or things like that.
I was speaking to that.
We got two on the list.
Which of these people are you most convinced as gay?
And again, we're not saying that any of them is, but look what I put first on the list.
Oh, he's going to be really upset.
Tom Cruise, Troy Ackman, Steve Young, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, J.Lo, Puff Daddy, or George Rodriguez.
Well, you're always getting at all the time.
I'm going to put it on the hell.
They believe that.
They hear you sounding really kind of like swishy on a year.
Yes.
Yeah, that's kind of how you sound.
I've heard you on a year and you sound very, I don't know.
Maybe it's this chair, maybe who adjusted the chair a little bit.
Because in there, you sound a little bit more macho when you come in a degree all over that chair.
When you come in here, maybe it rubs off.
Right.
Maybe those pictures on a wall behind me start like affecting your gay chair.
And the way you speak and things like that.
Or the way you get between my teeth.
That could be it.
No, you're thinking of that hockey player again, Danny.
Yeah.
That hockey player, Danny.
You see me?
You're supposed to play the man.
Come on, man.
That's it.
So we don't get in that on the year here.
Because South Florida is like hockey hill.
All that all-star stuff this weekend.
It was a good dog and pony show and it turned out to be all exciting and everything.
But that was that.
This place.
And how I keep saying this, how did I survive those shows?
That's the one time.
And I think the only time I'll have to say George was right and I was full of crap.
Although you never stopped it.
You never said, hey, this.
What?
You should.
No, you should have locked right in and said, this stops now.
Get out of here.
Remember your killing all I said was I didn't want to answer the phone.
You're going.
You're going.
You should have dragged his ass right out of that.
It was.
Take your free lunch.
Whether we don't begrudge you the free food.
We know you're a free loader.
But get out of here.
Never put some golf.
It's screaming in my ear.
Oh, my God.
Drop some names.
Get out of here.
That's what you should have said.
Okay.
How we sell this to anything on this show.
How it could possibly still be on the air after those shows.
Anyway, that's our list so far.
More to come, I'm sure from the audience.
But first, in the inquirer.
Now, maybe this is more than I see.
These are just hot off the press.
They were probably in the, you know, all the bookshops in the Canada week ago.
Is that amazing how I get these all like way ahead up there?
Why is that?
Because we suck them.
You could throw a brick from here to Lantana where they publish these things.
And for some strange reason, they show up here like late.
Late.
Right.
I guess they figured we're not in any big hurry down here.
Know what's going on.
Everybody's kind of like laid back and really slow.
Like the drivers out there.
You ought to see how slow they are around Pompo-no.
Like last night coming back from the track.
They're going real slow.
I mean, they're just barely, the median age in that area is like a hundred plus,
death plus forty.
Death plus fifty.
Wind more, Pompo-no.
I'm serious.
The sea of not blue here.
A sea of like fizzled rotting here.
Making most peace look like a fashion plate.
OJ attacks daughter, cops savor after 9-11 call, exploding in a fit of rage.
Probably even a worse fit of rage than we heard through the doorway this morning when they were having that powwow in the air in the clearances room.
It sounded like the world was coming to an end.
And right there in a hallway, you could hear you asshole over and over again.
You asshole.
Calm down, silly old man.
Anyway, exploding in a fit of rage, OJ Simpson attacked his terrified daughter,
who locked herself in her bedroom and called 9-11 for police to rescue her.
Cops raced to Simpson's Miami home when they found the badly shaken 17-year-old hiding from her powerful father.
The muscular 6-foot-1 athlete unleashed his fear against sending after she challenges a theory
and acted defiance that made OJ snap.
The inquirer got the full chilling details of the emotionally violent attack,
the climax of an increasingly explosive relationship between OJ and his tough-minded independent daughter.
See, when you name your daughter, Sydney even though it's spelled with a Y, she's gonna be tough.
Sydney, who spends time with the grandparents and knows they firmly believe OJ killed her mother Nicole,
gets so angry with her father she even told him, you killed mommy, revealed a family insider.
You killed mommy.
Absolutely correct.
The recent 9-11 call rock members of Sydney's family and dredged up painful memories
of a January 1st 1989 call her mother made to 9-11 screaming that OJ was assaulting her while beating Nicole OJ swore I'll kill you.
Don't we have that in the OJ thing? There's something about...
There's a bit.
No, is it a bit that's got the call in there?
Huh?
It has pieces of it yet.
Oh.
I want emergency fire.
You can't go one over here now, it's just 325 grit and a green heel bath.
Please.
Please!
What does he do if he's threatening you?
Hey, what's that?
Where's your man woman?
Where's he just harassing you?
He's gonna care a minute now that he's about to get really pissed.
You can't handle life but we can know what's going on so the police can see you're okay.
You're gonna know!
Yes, I'm the clown dad.
The case he told me I need to hear what's going on online.
You know that's life.
Is he yelling?
Yes.
Okay.
Is he having a drink, Kate?
It's not whether you win or lose.
It's how you trust your kids.
Now, see, now this is...
We're not talking about people who are the closet.
Here's the fact that includes my name on it.
What is that for?
They don't get it.
Are you people really that stupid?
Is that what it is?
We're not talking about people who are publicly out of the closet and have been for over 25 years.
It takes the fun out of it.
We're talking about people who are a little bit of guesswork involved.
Okay.
A little bit of speculation, as they say.
Prince?
Prince belongs on the list.
Are you writing these down?
Are you just sitting there with a blank look on your face?
Are you typing them in?
Are you typing them in?
Wow!
Why we're really moving up in a world now?
Typing them in, as we speak.
Mick Jagger, but that's he that belong on there either, because we already know about it.
Right.
Bye sexuality, okay?
David Bowie, yeah.
He does use Bank of Mouthwash.
But not.
I wonder, though.
Just the letters have been moved around.
Vanna pushed the wrong one, okay?
And Michael Jackson.
And see that again.
We're not talking about pedophiles.
We're talking about gay.
Which evidently this person is a little bit confused out there.
You don't know your fags, Mr. and you better start learning about it.
Damn it.
Idiot.
That's what we got one of that prints.
It goes on to say, five years later,
they blonde beauty was brutally murdered in her own yard.
Now family members and experts fear her daughter Sydney is in very real danger.
How do you like that?
And you want her to lie?
A kill, Nicole.
That's probably why.
And everybody knows it.
Except a few people in this building.
Now, do you think the people in this building who are like suck up the OJ so heavy duty?
Do you think that they know it, but they just don't care?
Or they have some kind of a subliminal thing that just in the back of their mind,
they know it, but they block it out.
That's the way people are with their own family members just in deep, deep denial.
I can't be.
I can't happen.
Hmm.
I've pray to God every night that Sydney doesn't end up like my sister Nicole dead.
Denise Brown told the inquire in an exclusive interview.
OJ doesn't like strong women and Sydney is like a strong woman just like her mother Nicole was before he killed her.
She ain't too strong anymore.
Fame Beverly Hills, a psychiatrist, Dr. Carol Lieberman, told the inquire,
this is a volatile, explosive situation.
Sydney's life could be in grave danger.
Was that a play on words you think could be in grave danger?
That danger became alarmingly apparent at 11.35 a.m. on January 18, when Sydney placed the emergency call from the Simpson home in Miami.
Just weeks after returning from visit with the grandparents, Lew and Judith have browned.
Officer Mary Ann Geyser arrived at the house within five minutes in a report obtained by the inquire.
She said police found a female in distress, not undressed, distressed.
Upon arrival, Sydney was in her bedroom upset.
Sydney's status here and her father, OJ, got into an argument where her family issues.
She calmed down, agreed to leave the residence to defuse the situation.
She stated she would return later.
Detective Randy Rossman, a day county police spokesman told the inquire,
were trained to separate the parties until they calmed down.
Only minutes earlier, tempers had cleared to frightening heights inside the home.
OJ was out of control and ranting it, Sydney, for several minutes the family inside her told the inquire.
He never struck Sydney, but he was yelling and was out of control.
Out of control, just like some stuff that we had go on recently here in this building,
only moments ago, only minutes ago, within shouting distance of this studio,
which my ancestors sitting right now.
You asshole!
Wild stuff going on, ranting and raving and screaming and pounding and yelling and quaking and shaking.
How do you like that?
OJ himself, this closeted, this closeted, this close to a close call, he's discloseted.
Why was thinking of the pull?
Discloseted to a close pal, she hit below the building, yelled,
I knew how to be alone when you were away for 18 months,
that remark made him snap to the family inside her.
What Sydney saw in his face absolutely frightened her.
She was afraid for her safety and ran into another room.
OJ is a big man, his presence seemed overwhelming to her.
She had seen him lose it before, hitting things, throwing them against the wall and getting in somebody's face.
He can look like a mad man, as in, but it wasn't like that, a mad man.
A wild man.
She was being attacked so she called the cops and locked herself in her bedroom until they policed her right.
She was very afraid of him.
Man, it goes on, you can pick up the inquire read the whole article,
okay, it goes on, it's much, much greater length, but it's a little ponderous, okay?
As it, he just won't go away, just what he needed down here was another scumbag, OJ.
How about like Jupiter would be good up there, I'll, they probably don't watch either.
Maybe St. Augustine, calm me down a little bit.
Jackass.
You asshole.
Problem minutes after 10 at 560 WQA M have you spent the last year avoiding mirrors in 2002,
if you're sick of combing those sheer remaining strands over that enormous bald area on your head like Bob Colibus.
If you're tired of constantly looking for that baseball cap to cover up for your like of hair,
now's the time to call our good buddy Chuck Alfieri.
Because for over 25 years now my good close personal bison Charlie has been helping guys look their best,
look better and younger than they ever thought they would again.
If you're one of those victims and there are millions and millions of us so that ugly male pattern baldness,
that big glowing glaring bald spot,
covered up with real hair, not something that looks like an animal diet on your head,
not holes in the head, not blood dripping down your forehead are dangerous pills that could kill you,
but just a great looking piece, the natural hair line system,
and the difference being it looks like the hair is going out of your scalp.
So if you want to look better, like I said in the Everett, then you thought you could again call Charles Alfieri,
and don't forget mentioning a Roger's Hill Lock 200 bucks off the regular price as well.
1-800-321-2413, give yourself a gift for the new year, a great looking head of hair.
1-800-321-2413, or log onto their website at Charles Alfieri.com.
My life and love, this is 4205 City, you way, you way.
Talking about women.
Who needs a little training?
Fight and you understand, you don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands that choke, your scrub comes delving.
Delving, delving.
Delving, your lucky management don't help, cause delving.
You don't belong there on the air, and delving.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks, cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Delving, delving.
When you're gonna grow up, you make us want to throw up.
You silly squeaky poop, goats who brought pasting school.
Your pretty cubacid voice makes you sound like the puss.
Your hot puss, your hot puss, your hot puss, your hot puss, your hot puss.
You asshole!
1018 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Tuesday too.
Greetings from Cleveland, it says here on his facts.
I don't understand what the list is all about.
Oh, I see this is supposed to be funny like Arabic shows.
And my 33 sons or someone else's.
Okay, great. Have a great day in Cleveland, eh?
Here's a fact from Abyton who says, been listening since high school.
Past 97 as far as my suggestion for the pool, who I think is gay.
How about Brian Andrews' newt boy?
What?
What are you hiding your head for? What are you hanging your head?
Brian Andrews put it on there, let's go.
Brian Andrews' newt boy, what's that here?
As opposed to like paper boy?
You know what he's talking about over there, Channel 7, don't you?
Or are that talking about women?
I'm sure that.
Shameless request for the guilty song and it says, you're a puss.
You've got your plan head for it, there you go.
Adrian Orster Charge.
Boy, you sure tickle Georgia's fancy, I'll tell you that with Brian Andrews' newt boy.
I thought, never mind.
You thought what?
Go right ahead.
No, like I said, on second thought.
Don't say it.
No, I won't.
Okay, the pool is up, which of these people are you most convinced this gay?
We're certainly not accusing anybody on this program of being gay, as if they're anything wrong with that.
See, that's what really gets me.
Although this is still America.
So we got, you know, wow, it's going to tarnish my image.
Why don't we just put everybody in the church of Scientology on there?
Like, no, I won't do that.
How about John V. Volta?
Should he be on the list?
Of course he should.
I see we're going to have to build our own list, because again, this is like a carryover from yesterday.
Very lame, very weak.
The audience has taken a few weeks off to like rejueve their brains if they can find any.
Very lame.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Put John for Volta on there, please.
You got it?
Good.
Here's our only lonely call from Jupiter.
Hello.
All right, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Enjoy your program, very much.
Well, thank you.
You're the one.
I have a question in the comments.
Good.
And the question is, how come the Indians here don't have casino gambling as they do in the other parts of the country on federal land?
Well, because the state government don't want them to have it, and they keep threatening they're going to open up full-blown casinos in the state,
so they can't do anything that isn't already legal under the Constitution, and the flat continues going on.
If I was them, I'd just open it up the whole deal and just say, Sue, it's funny because of federal land.
That's right.
Okay, my other, and my comment is, I almost died two years ago when the great Maurice D'Arrake died, and nobody, nobody even heard of him.
The person is talking about hockey, George.
George, this guy's talking hockey.
Maurice was sure of the rocket, Tarnish.
I mean, you maybe should ask me if they heard the boom boom Jeff.
Okay, see you.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
You're not getting that done, is it?
Man, I don't care.
You've got to be able to walk in two gum at the same time, even though Gerald Ford couldn't do it.
Here's this old frog calling in about to you.
I'm glad he enjoys the show, but please don't ever call us again, Sue.
You're killing us.
With that rocket, the Richard Crap, okay?
Next thing he's going to have Danny Gallivan on the phone with him.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Oh, sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
God, she, you know, can't we get anybody on the age of 100 here?
I mean, no, no.
Man.
It's really depressing.
And you, what clearance keeps saying, well, the demographics of this station pretty soon,
we're going to be like, jewelry after exports.
Well, let me just say this to your clearance.
First of all, who wants to hear people talk?
I was driving into the parking lot this morning, and I heard them herniatically trying to drum up something to talk about,
because now that football season is over, there's nothing people want to hear about.
Do they want to hear about basketball?
Of course not.
They want to hear about...
Okay.
No.
So what are these guys going to talk about?
Okay.
Until we came to work on this radio station, I never in my life realized before that there even was such a thing as the animal that infests this place.
Maybe now would be a good time for them to look at it, squeeze it, analyze it and think, why is it that we're so married to this nonstop,
around a clock, especially since the best day part of this station, traditionally for the past five years,
not traditionally, but always has been this non-sports day part.
Huh?
What we don't think we're in a crazy talk.
I beg your pardon?
That's considered crazy talk to these walls.
Well, let's have something that's had some crazy talk.
You get a better share than a two-seven, I guarantee you that.
In a way I feel for those guys, at least some of them, what are you going to talk about now?
This is one trick pony here this town, and they don't know much about that either, but that's all they care about.
Well, how is the recruiting for the Huracune football coming for next year?
I heard that, I want to turn around and go back home.
All of a sudden got this unbelievable toothache, my whole mouth was like, we were like that.
Swollen.
My roids were like inflamed from here on that kind of crap.
I mean, I never realized that there were such people, which reminds me, don't let me forget about that other pool, I think we'll do it tomorrow.
In fact, maybe we'll even do it today, because this ain't going to go over, I don't think.
No, we got a bunch of votes, you're leading.
Of course, so we'll leave it on there.
But at any rate, no, seriously, remember the guy faxed the pool last week about what age did you stop wearing?
We're not talking about attending sporting events, that's one thing.
We're talking about like in everyday garb walking around in sports jerseys and stuff, sports paraphernalia, like in your regular life.
I thought that was good, you don't like that pool?
Errrr.
What did you know about a good pool?
I know my pool mister, believe me, I've been scouring the world looking for a good country to popular belief nothing.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, see now he's getting nervous, has he getting real aggressive?
Oh, yeah, nervous.
You would like us to announce a press conference so that you've been announced to or that you're not gay?
Huh? How do you like that?
I don't give a fuck.
Maybe you and Tom Cruise, can I call a joint?
Press conference?
Gay.
Uh huh.
You want to hold on a whole time cruise as joint?
No thanks.
Would you like to smoke it?
Yeah sure.
Both pipes smoke.
What's in it?
Whatever I got in this little thing or got my mouth.
And this Carlos man, he thinks everybody's got weed, you know, everything is weed.
He wishes.
Yeah, he wishes this was.
I had this little cherry, what are these called?
They're called Tatiana's.
Oh, I don't think we can say that.
Tatiana, flavor cigars, this one happens to be cherry.
It's nice to share.
And out of course of Don Cherry.
It's nice to share.
Don Cherry.
Come on.
Thank you.
Sorry if you're...
Sorry I said that.
It's a little bit like sour grapes on your...
Come on.
We owe an apology to this audience.
You can't force feed it to them.
Not to understand.
You can't force feed them.
They don't care about certain things.
And this station is maniacal thing where we got Ray Perry running around and saying,
I had a nightmare about him last night.
About Ray Perry.
You lie.
No, I do?
Really?
I had a nightmare about Ray Perry.
Was he the dinosaur?
I don't remember what that was, but he was making life miserable for everybody, including me.
And I was throwing things at the wall and just getting all bent out of shape about him.
Here's one of the most innocuous guys that ever came down to Pike who's trying to fly below the radar here as much as possible.
So they can continue getting a check and get to his retirement and get that out of here and say bye-bye.
Good plan.
Yeah, good thinking Ray.
Because I'm here.
But anyway.
And I had a nightmare about him.
To show you how this place affects your mind.
I don't recall the details.
I'm one of those people when I wake up in the morning, I had a dream like that.
I just erased it from my mind.
Was that what made it a nightmare?
Or was there some other element that just the fact that we thought this place was good enough for a start?
Thanks a lot, Greg.
You idiot.
Messing up my mind.
Now what was I talking about before you deflected my...
You were talking about a poll idea that you had that I didn't like.
Oh, I don't know.
I thought it was cute.
For five minutes maybe.
Well, maybe we can just discuss it rather than waste a whole day on the pool.
Let's get a call or two about it.
You think we're gonna call?
No.
No.
And you want to know why?
Because the sports nerds who are glued to this radio station around the clock, they're all after they got their hurricane outfits and they're dolphin jerseys and their jets of perforated.
I mean, if you go to a sporting event and you wear them, they don't make any difference if you're a hundred.
That's fine.
That goes with the ambiance of the territory.
But when you're like going out for supper or something like that, when you go in for breakfast and denies,
for the grand slam or whatever you're getting over there, grand slam make another.
It's a wrong sport, Jackass.
He's ready.
Reaching for it.
You know, you know, I don't know.
Maybe when you're going to denies, you should be wearing it.
I take that back.
Although not an adult.
Not an adult walking around that stuff.
I mean, I think going to denies, it doesn't matter.
I, yeah, it does.
I know I see people like that.
I think you overgrown guy like 35, 40 years old and he's walking around.
He's got his dolphin thing on you.
Like a child.
Like a little child.
Just by being in denies, you don't have the right to criticize anybody's apparel.
Man, that's a good point.
Of course, you know me.
I wear the same clothes every day anyway.
So what am I, who am I to talk?
Although that's a relatively newest shirt.
Is it?
Huh.
Relics.
Well, I'm among some of my cheese sandwich on there, so I don't look too close.
It's 1027 at 560 to the U.K.A.M.
How's that pull coming?
Which of these people we got 63 vote center?
Well, we'll get this thing going in spread of that 9 out of 10 hour.
9 out of 10 hours really starting to bug me.
Because now I'm thinking about it.
Before I didn't think about it, now I'm thinking about it and it's really aggravating the crap out of me.
It's killing us, baby.
Kill us.
Destroying us.
The hot potato hour.
We don't want it.
They don't want it.
Nobody wants it.
Let's do transmitter maintenance between the 9 and 10.
Couldn't be a worse lead than we already got.
63 votes.
Which of these people are you most convinced is gay?
George Rodriguez 25.
Gay.
Tom Cruise 13.
Prince 10.
Treyekman Yine.
Puff Daddy 3.
Matt Damon 2.
Steve Young 1.
Ben Affleck 0 on J-Lo.
Has the big S.
None.
So you're like a f-
No fear of fact.
Hague.
Does that automatically make you a lesbian yourself?
How does that work?
I just don't think that most heterosexual women continue getting married to guys who are overtly gay.
I mean, I could be wrong about that.
Maybe they just keep wishing.
They keep swishing.
28 past 10 at 5.
60 WQM.
We got a pristine lineup today.
Man, we got the Mad Dog at one.
The Humphur at three.
Per Akun Hotline at seven.
The big eight to ten.
And it came from GA at the...
What?
Look at this.
They can't even get the schedule.
Redis says 10.30 to two.
Must be doing transmitter maintenance from 10 to 10.30.
And then Joe and Mark lie from the cheetah between two and six in the morning.
From the cheetah.
I thought Joe just got married.
And now he's not only...
He's doing a show from the cheetah.
I bet you Janina will be at the cheetah.
They're holding his hand side by each.
We all have different lifestyles.
By the way, as a result, you need different products to make you feel better and be healthier.
Older you mediterranean formulas or advanced commonations in front of you.
You wonder why I'm slurring everything in.
I'm like, way out of sorts.
I'm out of sync.
I don't know your gay.
It's that guy.
No, that could be it.
Maybe because I'm gay.
No, it's that track.
I can't keep these guys company every guy.
I get home at midnight.
I get about five hours sleep.
I'm not even here.
I'm slurring.
I'm la la land.
Hey, Richard Derek.
Have a good time while I'm gone.
Okay, which will be very, very soon, sooner you think.
Enough already.
No, unless you did not talk about this last week.
It's his yield trip.
I got to be here to go babysit them while I'm here.
It would better go a lot now because I'm going to be here a short time before I go back to Toronto.
So if it's not a week, not too bad, you got to be here to hold our hand and lose as much money as you can.
It's getting old.
You know, it's getting like me.
It's getting old.
I can't handle it.
I need some sleep.
I'm going to take a nap right now.
God damn it.
In fact, that's what I'm going to do during the 9-10 hour of the day.
Get your phone out of my sleep.
Only a med-meditatorian informer is her advanced combinations of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for their three new formulas.
They have one to help you sleep.
Oh, God, I wish.
Weight management in CoQ-10, which is mighty important for your heart.
Only a med also got supplements from all health in your circulatory system.
You're digestive.
You're endoconsystem.
You're skin.
Your bones.
Even your mind.
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil and old meds got products for men and women too.
Rumor I'm here in this, he'd take it for a little while.
You'll look just as good as Miguel.
Probably not.
Old meds and outstanding products that's available all over town, publics, records, food markets, and wall green to get more information about their products and where you stick them.
Call tool-free 1-866-olio med.
That's 1-866-653633.
You can order their products online at oliomedamerica.com.
And don't forget to visit sampling-pivoting and sports done every Sunday during the Dolphin season.
It's a long way down off so read it on your wrist.
Start feeling great today with olio meds.
My, my, and low.
This is 4356.
Way to A.
I'm to get it on.
He's a wonderful toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
He's a great toy.
Sleeping on the risk of...
He's an Bohemian.
He's the biggest sandwich up up up up up up up up.
Have to get sick.
Have to get sick.
Sleeping on Downing.
It's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting better, it's getting
really good, really good, really good, really good
Okay, which of these people are
Which of these people are your most convinced our gay or bi sexual got it
Well, I mean that like opens up a new Pandora's box
So we got to put Jeff Gordon on there even though I mean a lot of these people have a good excuse
Which you have a wife, you know, so do a lot of these people. I don't prove anything to me
And just an opinion it was just for fun. Okay, just for fun. We like doing stuff like this likes it makes a difference
Exactly, it's just killed a little bit of time. What else is there to talk about nothing absolutely nothing
OJ right when we talked about OJ, okay, we know he's not gay
We know he's an asshole, but we know he's not gay so right there
What would you rather be would you rather be like OJ and you're at the big gay?
Ask me join QA and Marlon's players from Marlon's caravan noon to tun day at Hooters and Los Alas
Even the homos are invited come to that the first 10 people to go in and mention they heard about the caravan
Kewalma Gell's gonna be there so the homos are especially invited. He just ran out the door by the way
The first 10 people to go in and mention they heard about the caravan on QM get a $20 hooters gift certificate a pair tickets to opening day at the Marlins
Oh, we love the Marlins don't we love the Marlins? No, we don't care about the Marlins
Nobody gives a flying fig about the Marlins. Okay, nobody gives two hoots about it
But for something for free though they give a hoots and hooters
Don't forget Marlon's players are gonna be there Miguel will be there sucking around, you know, isn't he gonna be there?
Sure he will of sure he's not gonna send anybody else on that assignment
Marlon's caravan noon to do today noon to do today. See I can't even I'm a I'm in a coma. I'm sleeping
I'm sleepwalking like Liz on passions all or she was faking sleepwalking
First 10 people to go in and mention they heard about the caravan on QM get a $20 hooters gift certificate for tickets to opening day
Okay, getting back to the list here. How could we forget Mike Piazza?
Who also held a almost terry press conference and but I mean but I'm not I'm not I'm not about two people say Richard gear
Richard gear I've been here that I mean you've been here in that huh?
You've been looking in his back home watching that animal show that was wrong with you animal planet. Yeah
I guess nobody talks about gerbals anymore
I heard the animal planet was Uranus
Start a costume much to get your gerbals declawed although I don't think well anyway George Clooney wow
That ever cross your mind. I mean ever crosses my mind
It's because of that haircut. He's got that faggy hair. That Luis Miguel haircut
David guest lies a minute. He's husband David guest. I don't know who that is
I guess I've seen the picture of him when he was used for five minutes, but the small potatoes
He ain't gonna beat me on that thing. Yeah, that's a wife, you know
Yeah, we're not talking about marginal people like some marginal fading old fag-hag celebrity like Liza Manelli
Forget about what about Justin
Justin Tinkerbell
Good boy Carlos. I don't I don't know what he is. I don't think he's a human. I think her bell
Yeah, that's for damn sure Justin Tinkerbell put him on there when owner rider
She's a dyke somebody thinks when owner rider
Daniel gay a day Lewis
What do you say about Daniel day?
Okay
Faith I never got that impression. Okay. What do I know? I mean you that's not the point. Ask me
How do you know I was talking to you? Oh, I'm sorry Carlos. What do you think about Daniel day Lewis Carlos?
No, don't put him on the guys on friend
The guys on friends
The hall of them and then San Francisco quarterback Jeff Garcia as if that's the big surprise
I mean, how can I have left him off of there now again? We're just we're just doing this for fun
We're just guessing but I'm gonna tell you something seriously
He just
Either he's got a lot of affectations or you know, it's just one of the other. There's no one between
You never saw Jeff Garcia. I know you wouldn't have seen I would well consider yourself very fortunate
The pool so far is a runaway. I'm sure that some of your close friends out there are seizing this opportunity all over to
Stick it to you man
Which of these people are you most convinced? This is gonna ruin my dating life, you know
Oh, you have a dating life? Oh, no
You hear that Christy as a dating life. I'll actually already knew that. That's why she had the other kid
124 votes which of these people are you most convinced is gay or by Michael Jackson's a daddy
George Rodriguez 47
He has a wife, you know, I know Tom Cruise 24 Prince 23 Troy Ackman
You know Troy with the aiken ainess 17 pop daddy six mad Damon 3 Steve Young appear Ben Affleck
It's changing again slowly to Ben Affleck two J. Lo's got one and Jeff Gordon. He just went up on her as we continue with Spaniard
List here's one for Eddie Murphy
Okay, remember Murphy's law. No if it moves he likes it
Well, it says remember when he got caught with that transvested hooker in Hollywood by Bobo
That's it or so on. Oh, that was a mix up and he said he was just trying to hepper out and get her off the street right right?
It says with several right
Good Eddie Murphy on here just predicts. Okay. He's he used to be funny a long time ago
Whatever happened any Murphy's he's still making around that he got kind of failing
Still he made those movies the fat guy movies the nutty professor movies. They were very big phenomena. That's a long time ago
Dr. Do little
Is that what he's doing? Yeah, little he's doing already did the PJs
I'm not concerned as he doing all right in other words
I wasn't considering writing him a check making alone
I was just wondering if we see him much more. He's still busy. See what started bothering me when he started singing
When he pretended to be what some of these guys who we come out tell you another one not to get into a racial thing
We went on to that is Will Smith
Yeah, he's he is God's gift to everything you know
He's a singing acting and comedy and TV and movies. He just makes me gag
He would a lot they read me any Murphy is funny, but will I'd like what a recent V8 one special was doing this whole thing on actors or TV stars that
tried to sing like younger Volta
That Jack Wagner whatever
Remember that oh the pain is I can't believe you said that how is that doing?
All the time they trashed every single one of them the trip we put the answer to it on this pool
18 to 11 at 560 W.I.M. Don't interrupt
Guys what women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put a little thought and creativity in your gift this year
Express yourself in a fun and original way and say it with a Vermont teddy bear just called 1 8182 9 beer and a friendly
Bear council will help you choose from over 100 beers handcrafted in Vermont delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate
Tell her she lights up your fire she lights your thing with the new burn in love beer dressed like a hunky fireman with a left-hand two on his arm or say
I'm wild about you with a jungle love beer like the one I got sitting up there right now look at that thing
It's got a big thing too. They even have an officially licensed love me tender bear Elvis beer
They have an officially licensed love me tender beer Elvis beer
Okay, Adam. Thank you
Setting up a Montana bears a creative personal alternative to flowers will be around a long time long after Valentine's day to
Reminder of you of the way you look and feel and smell send a repair to the office or co-workers can see or just assume how thoughtful and romantic you are
Over night in Valentine's Day deliveries guaranteed call 1 800 829 beer or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
Don't forget this year's say with the Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's Day or any special occasion
And be sure and tell them that old sleepy Neal told you to call 1 800 829
B.E.A.R
My local
He's 560
The radio's all yours
Q&A
Hey
I'm queer and my admission I'm a bag who likes tinball
I'm here to prepare this mission. It's max but that's not all I'll be ready
Love and let me know that love love love and let me know that
Here's his emoji
I thought one addition to what I could best
I found a new addiction I like to wear a thread
I look at your side as well and I'm not trying to lie
I'm about one part of the tradition more deep every word like a boy who's a boy
Inside love I'm on you to the doorline
I like right next to my time
I never look at your back
You're the lead of another
You're the lead of another
747 at 560 WQAM
Affleck denies Valentine wedding and 2 pay
He doesn't murder 2 pay he's never entertained a gay thought and he's not getting married on Valentine's Day to girlfriend Jennifer Lopez
Ector Bant Affleck told Vanity Fair and Interview published yesterday
Affleck who starts with Lopez in the upcoming Gieglies so the wedding will probably take place next summer probably and maybe and maybe not
And added that the public fascination with their world when courtship was probably due to race and class
What?
What does that mean?
I don't know
Race and class
I think it has to do with race and class the fact that I'm white and she's Puerto Rican and he told an interview with Leslie Bennett's
That's what's underneath though no nobody says it because it's not politically correct
I hate to break the news to you Ben but there's white guys mirror and Puerto Rican chicks and Puerto Rican guys mirror and white chicks every day
Nobody gives a flying crap okay?
I know that comes in a great shock to you Ben
But then of course Matt always kept you pretty sheltered
He kept him in the shelter out back
Race also factors affluxed on the negative publicity
Lopez's to multuous private life including two divorces and a relationship with rap impressario Sean P. Diddy Combs has engendered
As in transgendered
Puff Diddy
There's kind of a language that used that that's used about her the spicy Latina the temp tempestuous diva
He said she's characterized as over-sexed. I mean the woman's had five boyfriends in her whole life in a physical sense
She's extremely chased
Come on
That's what it says she would be a follow-up line
There I not using any follow-up lines okay?
If she's going to be chased by you that's your you know
No
Rack them, rack them, rack them, rack them
As to why he proposed that he tries divorce Lopez after meeting one a set of jiggly on their first on-screen pairing
Affleck explained I'm in love I want to have a family and she's the only person to ever met who made me entertain the thought of doing that
Plus Matt couldn't have babies
The 30-year-old actor denied that he and Lopez were wet on Valentine's day
We don't have time he said I think it'll be sometime next summer
Or not
Affleck said he's not enhanced his now famous good looks with either a chin and platter rate to pay
And rumors that he is gay or had a fling with pop princes Brittany Spears are not true he said
Even though of course that stuff was in the tabloids
So if those aren't true how come we're supposed to believe this crap with him and JLo
That they want the effort to make in that video with them kuchi kuchi kuchi you know
Kind of like a shower or whatever what's his name's wife is a
Oh, a saliva thalia
I think I got to play that again four or five times
Yeah, tell me my told you
I want to live in a baby
I've got to play that all day
Oh, it's not and it's back to back
Here's a list
Look at that phone you know you people are as dead as a door now
Even even I'm sitting here in a coma and I'm having a better time than this town
And look what they're doing on CNN
Is that structural frame
It's just a beat goes on
They're lucky as Schmidt I'll tell you that to that Michael Jackson things to in the
London Times last night that interview
They're lucky as hell they had that they beat that up all morning long
They were foaming at the mouth
That Jack Caferney whatever that cramudge and right wing asshole whatever his name is
He was just squeezed himself he was so excited about that
Let's see I did receive this twice but that's okay reader George Yani
Who the hell is Yani?
Y-A-N-N-I he's kind of a new A-G music guy
New A-G?
I don't know if they call it that anymore
And flutes and pianos
Oh it's high up the flute he's got long hair and mustache
Yeah and he plays the flute
So did the sonny bono had long hair and a mustache
And for that matter what about that Kenny G what's the G stand for?
G A
Anybody that plays the clarinet
Anybody that plays the flute
The guys that were playing clarinet
You're not creating a stereotype are you?
Yes, uh huh. Did you know any straight guys that played the clarinet?
I didn't know any guys would play the clarinet as a matter of fact
I knew a couple
And?
G A
Yani are we putting him on there either not?
Yes or no?
What the hell?
What the hell? Let's make a big list here and give her something to do
John Tesh
John Tesh now why are you like so anxious to accept that?
Well that's just a bit of a...
Well that's not what the question today okay?
John Tesh
I know we don't like him we can't stand him
We find him grotesque and despicable
And again not that it matters but I think he's married
That doesn't...
Ah I can't understand that
Because the question is most convinced are gay or bi
Okay in your mind what do you think okay that's the question
It doesn't make any of us because you don't know
Unless you've actually diddled these people do you really know?
Of course not
Unless you've touched it, felt it, smelt it
You don't know
Just ask him for an opinion that's why we're taking a poll on
If we knew the answers
And then somebody puts witty Williams on here
That's disgusting and grotesque go ahead put it on there
Great dolphins running back witty Williams
Why those rumors constantly and the Carlos is nodding is that oh yeah
Well how do you know?
You done?
He's hoping to he said
Paul Stanley, band member of KISS
Nobody even knows who that whole idea is you know
What?
Well I do
But is that like a big...
I mean why would we put those people on there?
Make a big list
We're gonna put every band member on there that we're positive
Forget about that
Oh Kim Bo camper
Yeah put Kim on there for laughs, okay?
Just because of the name
Not from the reports we were getting
Remember we were doing that thing about the businesses that went out of business
And some of those huchi kuchi lunches
We were getting some wild factions about Kim by the nose days
But we don't want to talk about those on the ear, do we?
Well not yet
Oh and Dennis the professional Catholic
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yeah put him on there
Dennis the professional Catholic
Okay
He's got some kind of a problem I'll tell you that
Besides being a professional Catholic
And virulent anti-Semite
Let's see the following people are so gays is this fact
So gay
Merv Griffin
Every time we put him we've done this we did about a year ago
We do this once every year so to see if your mind is broadened at all
Or narrowed
Merv Griffin
Put him on there
Jody Foster
Put that bitch on
I mean put her on there
Alright she gets on my nerves now
You know
Doctor Lector
Doctor Lector
And now what was the deal she wanted more money was who's why she wasn't the other one again
And you know something we didn't need her
No
I mean it wasn't a good movie this last one
But it wasn't because she wasn't in it
You know I thought about that
In both cases it should have been Holly Hunter who's a real Southern girl who could do the real Southern accent without faking it
There you go
Yeah and then say I hate those fake Southern accent
Maybe a little folks would be funny
May I hate them fake Southern accent like some of the colors we get you know that phony draw
She just makes me a little more
Makes me want to stick my finger my nose all the way and scratch my brain from the inside
I'm like Greg Reed is scratching from the outside and his bald spot too
We're at your chamberlain we're not putting him on there because he's like you know he's as good as out now
He's out
We're not talking about old steel meat like that you know
Doctor Killed deer
There you are
Now what are you popping in there now?
John Tash
No
Is he tingling on it little to fill in with John Tash?
Oh you're not gonna like this fact George
Hosh style
Yeah whatever
Well when you get John Tash on there we'll do it
He's on
Here's Lake Worth hello
Oh no
Oh no
Yes sir
Hey how you doing today
Okay
Richland I just switched to night shift man so I can hear you all day I love it man
Excellent good choice
I'm glad you started taking phone calls again you doing great
Well that other crap was for the birds
Oh yeah
So how about these panthers you know
Okay George
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Here's the fact from Liberty City Lewis who says
I've been a listener for years now I hate it when you leave because of George
Spelled with the G
He is so bad like watching paint dry
I'd say he's more like listening to paint dry
He's around you all the time what is he learning something from me
He's not around me all the time he's other than being here
Here
Anywhere
I go out that door and I just pray that I don't see him again the rest of the day
And I'm taking the same way
The bird had him beat by a mile
Oh it's another one of those
He's just playing terrible since Liberty City Lewis
Liberty City Lewis must be one of those hundred year old chronics that the bird would leave on for five hours ago
He doesn't like you okay?
And he leaves him on a lot of other things
He's all the credibility
And they tell the woman over there bitching me out about how well
This is just a cop out
I mean you're the only one
Look at a green with her
Yeah you were, you said the F&A
Or something like that
Oh rich practice is down to older
Oh we got him on there already
How's it coming?
Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or bi?
Huh? Come on!
Everybody's got an opinion 202 votes already
So we know we've got a lot of them are fake
Because George has got 70
You got 70 votes
You're building an insurmountable lead
Nice going
They can't touch me
Nobody even close to your ass
Prince 44
Tom Cruise 36
Troy Ackman 23
Jeff Gordon 8
Pope Daddy 6
Matt Damon 6
Steve Young 4
Come on you can do better than that
Ben Affleck 2
JLo 2
Jeff Garcia's got one
Now why have you got the guys from friends on there?
Eric
Why you got the Carlos?
You must be Carlos did that
You just write down everything that you say
Asshole he erased it
Brian Andrews the newsboy Channel 7
No I see he's not the newsboy
He hasn't known who the newsboy is
And I'm not saying it on here either
We know who it is
Daniel De Lewis don't have any
John Revolta Justin Tinkerbell
Mike Piazza Richard Gowood on a writer
All of those so far got the big
Long way to go
You know what?
What?
You put your name on that list that the child would beat you
But it doesn't fit on my list
It doesn't fit on the list
I'm just making a perk
Well that's because a lot of people out there dislike you
Now quite frankly from where I sit that's not a knock
Okay who the hell gives a crap?
I don't
But they perceive it as a way to just
To claw
They're clawing through the radio and the facts machine
And they phone they want to get it
You know what they do?
They don't like you
I understand
They just don't like you
They'll screw then
Okay
Well I haven't seen them yet
1057 at 560 though
I'll guarantee you that there are people out there in this audience who dislike you like crazy
That I would be real
I'd be anxious to be chummy with
Huh?
What do you like for the vibe?
I'm sure
I wouldn't let that stand in a way
Little shrimp like you I just kick you off to the side
Anyway it's the 25th anniversary of Brandy shoes in Pompeau Beach
It's a miracle
They've been in town almost as long as I have
Any independent family shooster that lasts nearly a quarter of a century
Especially in this town
It's got to be doing a lot of things right
Like offering a fantastic unbeatable select to men's and women's famous brand shoes like rock ports
You know what's really killing me is those dance cigars
How come you letting me smoke those?
You'd be laughing up too by the way clearance fire me right now
Rock ports echo is Mephisto Timberland Clarks
SAS floor shaman lots more
Then there's the unbelievable range of sizes at Brandy's
They got them all men's sizes 6 to 15
Women's 5 to 12 and which from the very narrow to the very wide
If you got a big fat one and a big fat foot too
They can help you out
And don't forget their professional sales staff that know your feet inside and out
So they give you real service all the time with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore
You'll virtually never hear sorry mister we don't have your size in that shoe
Sorry mister
I miss those people you know what the homeless crowd up there in Toronto
Sorry mister
Or no that's what I say to them
How does that work?
So when you need shoes get into Brandy shoes
It is always a sale with special sales promotion
Brandy is a great great place they're unbeatable to shop for shoes
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompeville Beach open daily 9 to 9
Sundays 10 to 5 and all this week in Brandy shoes
Take 10 bucks off on any shoes priced over $50
The offer is good on every famous brand in the store with the except domestic issues
Now is that the right tag?
Oh huh? Well no I don't think it is because somebody gave me the son of one that says
Oh Thursday February 6th
Like I said what I just said is true at Brandy's this week
My life is in the world
We are supporting you five seats
You way yeah
People are ice holes
Over the past few months I noticed I was losing some hair
So I talked to my doctor and he told me about Rogan
I asked him about Propecia but he told me since I'm on the antidepressant Paxil
Propecia might not be a good idea
And Paxil causes some sexual dysfunction
So I take my aggregate camera and bat
But that causes me to feel nauseated
Which is why I use this ant acid which works well for that
But it doesn't work for long enough periods for my heartburner acid reflux
So my doctor told me about Primalsec
Which keeps me awake
So he gave me Xanix
Which I started taking too much of and that kind of worried and so he weaned me off that
And put me on Trasidone
Which is not really a sleeping medication but it works like one anyway and it's non-addictive
It also causes headaches which is why I take bionics
Bionics works differently than any other ant inflammatory and lasts up to 24 hours
And that can be a huge pain when it hurts your stomach like it does mine
Not nauseous just sharp stabbing pains
Hydrocodone fix that but boy does that make me nauseous
So now I reach for new maflux
Maflux is scientifically designed to stop nausea instantly
New maflux, ask your doctor
Okay I love it 02 at 560 WQM
How can we be leaving off?
I've planned to wreck you Martin Bitt and we never put him on there
Carlos
Well we're really, we apologize for being I'm asleep
I gotta go to excuse I'm an acoma
I'm an acoma Derek
Okay
I'm just I have no energy left
I just cannot continue holding these people's hands
I love going to the track once maybe twice a week
But I just can't continue this if it's like an incessant thing
And I see Derek is one of those people my friend Derek who's a good guy
But if there's a race going on anywhere in North America or anywhere in the world
That's so that you can bet on he'll be there like till 2 3 4 in the morning whatever
See what I'm saying?
And I finally just run out of steam I get home by midnight 12 30
I get maybe 4 hours of sleep and I come dragging my ass in here and I'm thinking
Ehhhh
Like that
Like today
Pretty sorry a state of affairs
And plus of course he provides me with his weight little cigars
Which are just killing me
He's killing me with kindness him and the way of the fat man
I'll take the rest
No you won't
I'll feed you
I'm smoking him out of a way to mommy's house
In fact I might smoke some in her house during lunch
Just a pisser off
And Rique Glacier somebody says well health
The hell's wrong with that
Huh?
And Greek A
Got it?
Good
Keep up with this now because they may start chasing George real fast
I hope I don't catch them
Now to show you how
Here's a bad mistake on here and you people out there get with it here's a mistake
Lance bass the do-eyed fag from the back street boys
Lance fag is with instinct okay get with it
What do you like
It's not the same
Whatever
It may be the same genre as you would say
And the back street boys at least in the studio they could make them sound like they can sing which they really can't
But nevertheless instinct can one make any difference with you to them if you put a gun up the rest they still couldn't sing what they might enjoy
Lance bass get his ass on her
Get his ass lance bass
Scott Wolf
Now now I'm starting to get upset
It's a Scott Wolf the woosey from TV in the movies
He was in party of five inches
You don't know who Scott Wolf is?
No I know
He's real pretty
Well in that case
You know Scott Wolf?
You know who that is?
Well get it on there anyway, Schmuck
You know I'm a party of five?
Don't you remember I read this story many many months ago when he was in some movie
Right
And they had a gazing with him some other guy and they had a tough thing got so emotional and worked up in a day like head time
It was like having to get two fighters apart in a boxing scene
He had a certain body players in a fight
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Kevin Spacey the actor flag
Well I mean is that is that in doubt?
Is he gonna route?
In a route this week
I don't know put him on there Kevin Spacey we're so content I can't
It says these guys are so gay my answer it says JK from Hollywood
Well how do you like that?
Brackdom
Obviously he's not moving fast enough
What about Richard Jervel here did we finally put Dick here on air?
I hope
Yes we did I don't see this
Oh there it is you finally got a vote
Well some of these are on air a little bit late late additions
But once the audience sees them on air
Oh what about some local people here how about Bill Kamal?
The weather lady at Channel 7 what about her and him?
Huh? What are people who?
Yes
Dwight Lauderdale?
Dwight Lauderdale?
Based on what?
Oh my god based on your tales about him eating ass
That's the only thing I can think of
Moa Howard David didn't?
I don't think he was gay
No kid serious
As homophobic as they come
Joe Rose
Ken Dorsey?
Tom Brady you wish
This is just a list of it's a ridiculous list
Let's see oh Janet Reno
Yes we are leaving out Michael Jackson because he's in the category of pedophiles
Which we don't want to confuse all of it again
Even though the Catholic Church loves doing that
Janet Reno how could we leave butch Janet out?
Here are some people I believe Alex says
Missy Miss Demeter Elliott
Okay what's that who's that?
She seems kind of dyke who is that?
She's a rap artist who's big right now
Not bad either
Well excuse me for not knowing what that is
Excuse me
Oh sorry
Missy Miss Demeter Elliott?
Mike Myers she had never really thought about that
Funny guy he's Canadian A
Well how can he not be that?
Funny Canadians?
So what do we say about that?
I guess somebody will hold form whoever is Alex whoever sent me the list
Sin Bad
Bad haircut or what I think of this I'm thinking of what's his name
Who am I thinking of?
With a really nasty or whatever
The remaining Bee Gees
Oh come on don't be picking on the Bee Gees now after Morris Dynett's bad
Oh Cordell Stewart you got to put her on there Cordell Stewart
He's another one holds a press conference every week
I'm mad I'm mad I'm not
Ryan Racross the original weather theory there's only one
So there we go
John Corvall's on there oh rich pacti I'll get his facts sarcastic bastard that he is
Here's another vote for Ricky Martin and Cordell Stewart
Never see the two of them alone?
Who in the showers?
John provoked a Bokka Brian
Bokka Brian oh my god rich pacti see he's just he just taking shots he's
He's ceasing the opportunity of this poll to take nasty shots at people
Why does he have a bug up his ass about oh I know it's from that CD
When there's something dispute over the cover on the CD or the liner or something
Huh I don't know
And Paul Harvey Jr. he's gone there Paul Harvey Jr. is a lot of things
He's an orange head but he most definitely is not gay
Okay rich pacti
You think we can get a show on after Bill O'Reilly on Fox called the pacti factor?
I think it'd be I'm very hit
Kind of tilt there a political balance a little bit just a little bit back to the left anyway
Oh yeah somebody faxes me Jim the feedies column here if things get really slow which they already have we might read that Jim the feedie
Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory once again boy Jim you really surreal sour puss
Basically what he's saying is well it's really sad sitting here in the office of the hero notice
Used to be a great newspaper now we suck well I guess what everybody else knows it too Jim
Maybe we'll get to that if things get really really really desperate needs next couple of hours
Don't forget to join qm and marlin's players. We don't we're not mentioning which ones they probably don't want us to say
Did they have any players left that we know who they are?
Join them for marlin's caravan new to today at hooters and loss Olis
The first ten people to go in and mention they heard about the caravan on qm get a twenty dollar hooters gift certificate
And a bird tickets opening day they also get to rubbub me go on the head
To pet his mojo
5 6 7 0 5 60 on the head pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line like myers is just one of those people you don't think of in any you see what I'm saying?
In fact I have doubts that he has a penis very funny guy we like Mike Myers a lot on his show but I really doubt that he has an organ
Here's for a lot of deal hello
Tomorrow morning this is small little poster in the port Lordl paper and if you read it
One small little poster oh yeah that's right tomorrow is a big day and tonight's Tuesday I'm so asleep I'm forgetting all these things
That's okay I didn't want to mention the star that in your list I don't think you want to put him in there
But you think he's gay? No not at all
Oh I don't either
No
There's something I wanted to comment on yesterday you mentioned about the fifty cars following the mail truck
Yeah
You know what?
How the color mentioned it
Right it's amazing because you look like a Columbine and how long it took for them to go inside the building they had the whole basic militia there
And they were scared of two students and they you know because they're stupid fear but here you know they had fifty cars and you know it just it's ridiculous
Yeah for one mail truck that they had already shot the tarizard on
Right as opposed to Columbine I mean there was a science teacher that was shot and he died because it took them so long to get in the building
I mean you know they had a hundred officers they could have went in with their gear and I mean they knew there were two students I mean it's a filling consistency
Yeah
They want to make a big show of force but then they're afraid to go in
Crappy job let's face it
Yeah
Well thanks Neil
Have a great day
See you
5670560 how could we have forgotten and I was just trying desperately to think it was named the other day in that movie that we never found the name of I don't think
Canna Reeves
Right what?
The watcher by the way
That was the name of that movie
Canna Reeves in there
Don't tell me what his name is
What a glasses
Wilford Bibli
Yeah right
Hahahahahah
Ah
I've got a mental about James Spader
Oh
How easy to forget
In other words I got it and you didn't play
I got it and you did not
He liked that huh
You know what I mean
You pipe smoke it
You pipe smokeer
That's right
In the straight
No, I think you got a confused.
Except the quality.
You're the E3 votes.
I'll tell you that.
Prince is moving up on your ass a little bit.
Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or bi?
You got who I just sent Kiano Reeves on there?
Good.
Lot of speculation about him.
Everybody thinks they know something.
Oh yeah, he's definitely something.
Prince 57, Georgia 83.
Tom Cruise 40.
Treyekman 26.
You think that if Treyekman came here?
Playing with Ricky Williams, you know, be a lot of talk about that.
Can you imagine all the steam in that locker room?
Jeff Gordon 9, puffed at E7, Matt Damon 6.
Matt Damon I think is gay.
And I don't.
Jeff Garcia 5.
Yeah, I do.
Steve Young 5, Mike Piazza 5, no I don't.
Brian Andrews the newsboy says here 4.
He's not the newsboy.
He's the newsboy's boyfriend or whatever he is.
Well, it's rumored.
Newsboy's friend.
J. L. O. 3, guys from Friends, which you still have on Earth 3.
How can you have vote for guys from Friends?
He can take it on.
God, Justin Tinkerbell 3, Van Off Luck has got 3.
What?
Don't ask.
Richard Giripere, George Clooney's got 1.
And no votes yet for John Revolta, Daniel Day Lewis or Renault Arrider.
You know why I left off here speaking to John Revolta?
Henry Winkler.
Henry Winkler on there.
You're immediately okay?
That's what I'm talking about.
Henry Winkler, who, what?
You.
He has a wife, you know.
He's 100 years old.
Hey, holidays are over.
Wait a minute.
The new year effect already into February.
As some people say, some very inarticc of the people from February.
Don't we hate people who say that?
You just like them intensely.
Anyway, the deal is you had a lot of new years of resolutions every year.
Fat people say, this is the year I'm going to lose the weight.
And my dad is going to lose the weight.
Most often they don't.
And you want to know why?
Because they try all kinds of quack diets and gimmicks that don't work for them.
Balance for life is not quackery.
It's a proven.
It really works.
Like our own friend, the beast.
The beast started 284.
He's going to hop on a scale here Friday.
He was down to 236 the other day.
He'll be down around 230-ish over 50 pounds.
And he has taken it a long time because he was off the wagon and back on.
But the bottom line is every time he does it, he's losing that weight.
And you can do the same.
Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycemic
values of carbohydrates which controls your sugar levels.
And delivers right to your door three delicious gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in a little black sack.
That's the key to your whole life is your little black sack which you have early and bright every day.
And then there's plenty of food to keep you full all day long.
You get to choose between two choices for each meal every day that you run a program.
And you'll smile as you're full and satisfied every day.
And the weight comes pouring off your fat, grotesque body.
So get healthier, look better too.
Call balance for life.
And soon you can look almost as lovely as the beast.
Hopefully with a smaller head.
Call 9545683229.
9545683229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com
and tell Troy at BalanceforLife by the way.
Neal don't eat no flounder, okay, Jackass?
The moment and more.
Is this sports 20 or 56?
You weigh in.
Neal.
Yeah.
All right.
Welcome.
Everyone knows the merry congea ball.
Oh.
Everyone knows the merry congea ball.
Oh.
It's 1117 at 560 WQM.
Any Murphy wasn't put on list Carlos.
You better get with it.
Who's he talking to now is bookie Eric Eric.
He's Ian Eric are speaking.
Let's hear it.
Eric and Carlos are on speaking terms this week.
That's good.
Maybe I'll wake up now.
I doubt it.
It's not even just how much the lack of sleep.
He's a little stowty's man.
They're killer.
Because you change smoke these.
They're so good.
Yeah.
But they're rough on you.
Thanks, Derek.
Let's give him equal time after I beat a fat rich
on you last week and make rich happy.
Derek deserves it.
He's like psychoanalysts and a fat man.
He's like about a minute per lay people.
Just relax, Derek.
He's back a little bit, okay?
And by the way, there's one more race in the North field in Cleveland.
Man, a wild man.
Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, you know, just relax.
Any more fee is gotta be on there.
Carlos, how about Barry Manolo?
Yes.
Barry Manolo.
God.
She's got a nose like a banana.
Mayor Alex Pinga-Pakini.
Remember when everybody was talking about that?
I mean, anybody who walks around with one minute yet on his shoulder.
Mayor Alex Pinga-Pakiniya.
Let's make sure we get the mayor on there.
El Mejor.
I mean El Mejor.
He sure ain't El Mejor, I'll tell you that.
No.
Anyway, here's Sean and Hollywood of one of our very chronic factors.
Oh, look at that.
Here's gay Paul Harvey Jr.
I heard that in the background.
I'm gay.
How come you're not listening to Tony Bruno?
Tony Bruno, my ass.
Oh, really?
Something you want to tell us?
No.
Who said I'm gay?
Rich Pacti, your close-person friend, put you on the list.
You said you were a fat man.
You know, Rich, you need to let go.
20 years ago, I moved away from him in the steam room.
And he still posts off.
Oh, by the way, little Jerry now has gone to typing instead of like, right?
Well, do I go to a little Jerry?
Go back to the squiggly type right there.
I'm handwriting.
I like to better.
Go ahead.
Anyway, I try to get through the other day, but you're lying to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, right.
When you were talking about ozone machines, or I'm sorry, ozoneated air purifier.
Do you know how long ago that was?
Well, you know what?
That was the last time I tried to get through it.
It was the last time you listened?
Okay.
No, no, no, no, no.
I did listen to it.
Yeah.
Once we stop with the bed time stories, go ahead.
Don't be defensive.
Just go ahead.
We're not going to get you all a bed out of shape just because you've listened to Tony Bruno every day.
You know, I know you think I'm nuts with the characters that you know I haven't been helping for a long time.
Yeah.
Well, that's what the characters do that to you.
Well, anyway, anybody brings it up.
Carried juice to turn their face orange.
Obviously, it isn't going to be the best of health after.
But go ahead.
You done?
Yeah.
Okay.
We try to warn you.
Go ahead.
It doesn't hurt you.
Carried juice doesn't hurt you.
No, that's why you've been sick ever since.
But go ahead.
No, no, no, no.
Anyway, I have mainline dose zone, a baby ball full of ozone.
I've taken fast with Ozoneated Water.
I've shard with Ozoneated Water.
I've done rectal ozone insufflation.
Rectum.
Wait, wait, wait.
You've done rectal one.
Ozone one.
Insufflation.
Directal zone.
Refrigerating.
What is that?
Rectal ozone insufflation?
You've never heard of that.
Come on.
No.
You know what ozone is?
It's one extra molecule of oxygen.
It's great.
And?
And?
So what does that have to do with second oxygen in your ass?
The fastest way to absorb something without sticking a needle in your vein is shuffling
up your ass.
Oh, I think that now he's front rich packed.
You're at a point.
You must have done something.
Wow.
Anyway, you run pure oxygen through it.
You run pure ozone too.
And?
Into your ass?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I bet you got a lot.
In fact, you don't want to do that too when a heaven-cooledoscopy?
They blow it out.
Well, they do.
You don't need to pull it out.
They do.
And you wake up and you're like,
they don't clean it up.
They got your stretchers shoved away over to the side of the room so nobody is downwind from it.
You know, at least wipe all the jelly off.
Yeah.
Have a good, have a good.
I've never heard anything he said.
Oh, and he never even really finished that.
So he's trying to say, is ozone's good for you?
Right.
I read all kinds of stuff on the internet that it's, uh, can poison this.
And even, even on those, uh, things I got those filters.
Right.
It says on there that it, and it's got to be in large enough room so they don't have an overly high concentration.
Because you're exposed to a too great concentration.
It's real bad for you.
And it's an extra, uh,
Adam of oxygen, not an extra molecule, Mr. Science.
Mr. Hot Shot and Mr. Atterratop that causes it to react with every other, uh,
No wonder rich, tractor, baseball, harby, junior, like poison.
By the way, where's our, uh, Phil, spectrum music?
Where's Baldy?
Anyways, oh, he's probably in there with Muffer right now.
You know that we got those yellow.
Every time Boca-Bron comes into building, Duff has to frisk him the audition session.
No, no, he has to frisk him every time he comes into building.
I labor of love, I am serious.
Yes.
I, oh, I, oh.
I mean, I love you, Brian, but, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I get goosebumps just thinking about that.
Anyway, and that's the most obvious ones we don't want in our show.
And I, Michael Jackson's a pedophile, or he don't fit on the list.
Richard Simmons, it's not worth putting.
It's like saying Charles Nelson Riley.
He misses the point.
Like people calling off the air, which doesn't work in any way.
Are they shouting names?
Yeah.
Shout some names, okay?
It'll make George upset.
Christopher Lowell.
Oh, no.
G.
What a shocker.
G. Gordon Lee.
Richard Simmons, we're not putting on our shepherd Smith.
I think so.
Shepherd Smith.
I think he's, I mean, I think he's certainly a candidate.
Trent Lot.
Okay.
He was a cheerleader.
Hillary Clinton.
Who, the ice princess.
Now you get a little warmer, Sean.
Put some of those on there, Carlos or else.
I keep saying put them on him, but then they don't show up.
Let's see, buy and prove and jaw rule.
Well, if it's proven, then what is that?
See, that's not-
They don't understand the pull.
Don't you get it.
Don't you get it.
Don't you get it.
They don't get it.
You're going to get it if you don't cut the crap.
What is wrong with the public out there?
We say it so clearly and so articulately and so specifically.
They hear what they want.
We give them a specificity.
Michael Cain.
Michael Cain isn't gay.
Is he?
He's just a Brit.
He's just a silly Brit.
I mean, if we didn't get into that, put England on the list.
Yeah, but I'll British guys.
I mean, what is that?
That's why I say that Peter French was gay because he was in that great movie Sunday, bloody Sunday.
Do you see that movie?
No.
You don't know from Peter French.
He's still dead, by the way.
Great actor.
Too bad he croaked.
Mick Jagger, yeah, we all know about that.
We know about it.
We know, we know, we know.
Oh, and this is-
Now here's a good one.
Because this is one who's got a-
Yeah, that's a wife, you know.
wife, and I've always said.
I mean, this guy is-
So he's just stereotypical.
It doesn't mean he is, but Paul Schaeffer?
I mean, come on.
Oh my god.
He may smith your peepers look like Hercules, huh?
Uh-huh.
Always wondered as well.
I mean, we could put Marlon Brando on here, but he's already, uh, fast up to like doing everything except telephone polls and he's working on that.
Oh, Jeff Goldblum, it says Tracey's has always wondered about him who was married to Gina Davis.
And if you saw him on late night with Craig Killbornless, I don't watch late night with Craig Killborn.
Tracey, get up too early.
You'd wonder too.
He was pawing and flirting with Craig to no end.
Jeff Goldblum.
I-I don't like him.
Do you like him?
Something about the way he looks.
He was in a movie The Fly, and I was so happy when he turned into one.
Maybe he's got a thing for The Fly.
Huh?
Pfft!
Pfft!
Okay, Jeff Goldblum, I got him on her paw, Shae for definitely old baldie.
He looks a little like Vokar Brown with glasses.
In fact, Vokar's late night job.
Okay, let's see how this is shaken out if we can say that.
By the way, Jerry, go back to the squiggly handwriting like I said.
It's so much more entertaining than when you try to type it or, you know, disguise your handwriting.
Uh, which of these people are you most convinced is gay or bi?
Just fun.
We're just fun in it, okay?
Uh, look at all the ones that don't have any votes yet.
293 votes, quite a few.
Quite a few people.
George Rodriguez 88.
Still way out in front and running real fast from what I'm hearing.
Prince 58.
Tom Cruise 46.
Troy Ackman 29.
Jeff Garfield got 10.
I mean, maybe Jeff Garfield is just, I don't know.
He's just, if you could see, it's speak.
Maybe he's just not a human origin.
He's very strange.
Very strange, dude.
Jeff Garcia, number five.
Jeff Gordon has got nine.
Mike Piazza 7.
Brian Andrew 7.
Oh, we finally took that silly crap off of there about how's the paper boy doing?
Puff Daddy 7.
Steve Young 6.
Matt Damon 6.
Justin Tinkerbell's got six.
J-04.
Richard Gear 3.
Ben Off, uh, Affleck.
It's got three.
Well, no deriders finally making her mark.
She's got one.
So you've got to vote she probably stole it.
George Clooney's got one.
Dennis the chronic, uh, Catholic caller at one.
Very man-a-low one and everybody else got zero, including Kenny G.
Oh, G. Yeah.
But there's quite a list out there.
And of course, this has been a surprise Katie Kirk.
A couple of years ago, made that comment when there was some gay issue going on.
And she said, oh, well, you know, you've got to understand.
There's like, there's literally thousands of them around.
They're like a legitimate minority.
There's like a whole bunch of them around.
Like maybe 50 or 100 of these people.
She said that on nationwide TV.
This little bitch who's making millions of dollars for being a silly twit.
Katie Kirk.
I heard somebody say, purient this morning.
Yeah, somebody said, purient on there.
P-U-R.
And by the way, Alan Cohen quit bugging me with the trivia.
Okay. He asked me last night how you spell prerogative.
And of course, I said P-E-R.
And because that's how people pronounce it.
See, if you don't pronounce it right, it's really prerogative with a P-R-E.
Okay. But if you pronounce it prerogative, we're going to spell you.
It's like a trap, Alan, okay.
Just stick to running around and sitting those people at the tables,
especially the ones who keep sitting opposite us now who bugged me,
who talk so loud.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
That's another reason I'm getting tired of going to the track.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
There were those two broads there last night.
I thought I was going to lose my mind.
Then the old lady came over and was smoking behind us.
Standing there like we were like a human smokestack.
Bitch.
28 past 11 and 560 WQM.
Guy's size makes a big difference.
And according to the Florida Department of Labor,
computer professionals have really big ones.
You know, I'm going to tell you something.
Most cigars will kill you.
They really will.
So you want to take some home?
Yeah, please.
Of course, when we say they've got big ones, we're talking about their paycheck.
We have an exam and under their fly.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand.
Fast train can help you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Fast trains got locations in Kendall, Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines.
With day evening weekend schedules, there's absolutely no excuse for any of you guys to stay in a dead end job.
Working for some real jackass.
Okay?
Get out of that deal.
Call Fast Train and get yourself underrodes some really meaningful bucks.
Call toll free 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train.
They've got full-time job placement and Guadanteed financing too.
Check them out on the web if you like it.
Visit fasttrain.com.
Now you took it up a big, fat, impressive one.
Paycheck that is called 1-866 and hop on the fast train.
Line and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
A-bap.
Well, I was hanging around the house.
I had one hand on my mouse.
And my other hand was busy in my pants.
So today that I was born, I've been into kitty porn.
When my quiz hall made to do the making dance.
I won't drop the sofa.
I'd go to prison.
Jury Paul says I had a good reason.
Went online to prepare my book.
That is where I went my spray.
A pedophile online at play.
But now I am here to say.
I won't touch my tool again.
Now out.
Love it.
33-56-2W.
Don't forget Joy C.M. and Marlon's players from Marlon's caravan coming up in less than
a half hour.
New into two days.
Hooters and Los Olas.
First ten people to go ahead and mention they heard about the caravan on C.M.
Get a $20.
Hooters give to take me to pair tickets to opening day.
I guess Miguel is not going to be there, is he?
You know I don't know.
Well we just saw him a little while ago.
How do I get him?
How do you make it there by noon?
Well we don't want to be like Billing McGell is going to be there because I guarantee you a lot of our audience
that much rather see him than Marlon's.
But who the hell knows?
Tanya Harding says,
Dyke question mark?
Well we saw that video.
That proves anything.
Yeah.
With Jeff Galuli.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And a fine actress if it wasn't done.
You know, you see it?
Okay, I'm going to put it on there.
Bill Hummer on C.M.
And I've heard that before too.
Does not have a wife.
It's 35.
Does not have a wife.
What do you say about a guy who's 35 and never had a wife?
It's smart.
Carlos is a plush.
A good idea.
Nice go.
We were very you.
We admire you enormously for your intelligent method of living.
Let's see.
Here's Brian.
I mean one of our chronic and DC.
Never occurred to me, Jeff Garcia.
It could be a team play.
Never occurred to me.
Are you deaf?
Am I blind?
Brian?
But I checked out this website.
Jeff Garcia fans like him.
Turn me on the possibility.
He looks like a very sweet boy.
He gets my votes as Brian.
Okay.
Thanks Brian.
I don't know what he is, but he is one thing strange.
Very strange.
The ZAR even.
Fax is just pouring in.
Attention, Neil.
Keep up the good work.
But I must be something with this.
Wouldn't you think?
Are Cineo Hall somebody says?
Maybe that's why I used to sit very close to the edge of the sofa.
Maybe he was like guarding his leg though.
I don't know.
Or maybe he was like your little sore about it.
Oh.
Oh, somebody already sent us this.
So we shall not thank you.
I already got it.
5667-0560, pound 560.
I'm rereading this article by Jim DeFede at the end of the year.
It's so pathetic.
I don't even want to read it on the air.
I don't want to read one sentence from it on the air.
Although, no, seriously, just the herald is in the midst of a top to bottom review called
the New Century Project.
And while the man may have me heard me, I love this.
I will read this paragraph.
Am I the herald may not be as great as it was in the past.
It remains one of the best newspapers in the country.
Because of the herculean ever being made by the men and women who work here.
You are so full of crap, Jim.
I mean, this is okay for a lot of the very parochial people,
never get more than two bucks from home, who never leave Dave County or they're like locked in.
Shutins, things like that.
Fat shuttons.
But the idea that everyone with a great newspaper in the country,
I mean, you must be doing acid.
They must be doing baddery acid over there, from the right to this crap.
Apologizing and we're not getting this done.
I mean, you know what they did.
It's a big investigative thing about the airport.
Remember that about my international?
Right.
They were all applauding them.
And then that's it.
Nothing changed.
He writes this article.
Is this somehow the herald is magically going to...
These are the same people who helped the foist the metro real on Dave County,
the billion dollar boom doggle.
Every time the public's got a chance to make an intelligent choice in Dave County,
the heralds always said the opposite, no matter what the hell it was.
About 95 times out of 100 over the years.
Oh, but it was once a great newspaper.
When was that?
Jim?
When the hell was that?
What century was that?
God.
Do we have that Phil Spector stuff yet or what?
Not yet.
Is he still a Friskum down in there?
That's a long time Frisk going on in there, man.
You got to be extra careful.
Is he even checking in his...
Correct him.
Body cavity search time.
George has got 93 votes and print 60.
Aren't you proud to be like that forehead?
I know it would be no contest.
Tom Cruise 51,
Troy Yichman 30, Jeff Garcia, and Puff Daddy with 10.
Jeff Gordon with 9.
Little Brian Andrews has got 9.
Let's see, I thought we were our former colleague, Brian Andrews.
Yeah, we weren't what?
Nothing.
You thought we weren't what?
We're not...
Somebody mentioned that.
We put it on the list.
We're not making any statement what he is or he's not.
We know this, all that we do know some things.
But I mean, what is that?
We're not doing anything.
Okay.
Are we?
Maybe you're going to because you have this habit of slipping crap out.
Never have.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, me alive.
Joe, you show.
Let me ask you a question.
Can old facts feel fart, but it just...
Oh, God.
And new, too.
Yeah, how about old Julios?
Can they fart?
How about those old hazbeens?
5667-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh.
Older than Mathuesla's grandma.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Neil, how you doing, my friend?
Okay, chronic.
Now you forgot Reverend Jones, man.
How big of a pardon?
Reverend Jones.
Yeah.
5667-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Line.
Tell the vocal Brian to hurry up and get his ass in.
He would have felt spectacular music when he played Noon to One.
Because the way these calls are going.
Here's a call from Davey. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, would Keanu Reeves be acceptable on your phone?
We already put him on there.
Oh, did you like it?
I don't know if he's made.
We don't know if he's acceptable.
Not but he's on there.
He's on it.
Oh, good.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, man, we'll see if he's interested.
5667-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Pastor and I did in death of wife.
Concord, this is in North Carolina, George.
Concord pastor was in death of Monday on a charge of first degree murder exactly
one week after his wife was found dead.
Aaron Estes attorney said yesterday.
He was looking into how the pastor's cancer medications may have played in the killing of his wife.
Estes 43 of pastor at first four square church in Concord
was arrested January 28 after the body of his wife Naomi 44 was found in her car that day before.
He is in Carbis County, jail on a million dollar bond.
Whereas Carbis County, you know what?
No.
In North Carolina, I do believe.
Yes, it is.
According to family members in his lawyer, Estes suffers from late stage Don Hodgkin's lymphoma,
a type of cancer that can be terminal.
Jim Bronquist says he is investigating whether and how his cancer medications may have affected him.
That sounds like a good excuse.
Yes, sure I'll buy it.
I'm taking like an echo trend coated aspirin every day.
So feel spectacular, Chantelena Clarkson, who you wouldn't know.
What are my favorite B-movie bimbos?
Oh, B-movie, not a famous one.
Bimbos for breasts.
Not a porn star.
No.
I was going to redo that poll today by your favorite porn star that we did quite some time ago,
but I thought nowadays, who knows the name is most of these people.
And look at Carlos.
Like that.
Something smelling like a Georgia's farted real bad.
What?
From way back when it used to be.
Oh, by the way, for that homey or college, you're just must have farted real bad.
So I guess that lens of credibility of that poll result.
Now, who is she?
Who?
Funny, Chantelena.
Whoever you were just saying about who we got off of that.
Yes, back to our porn stars.
I said I was going to do that.
And then he gave me that look with something smell real bad.
Like you put some really nasty fromage and I was at the end of that.
Real nasty.
Kind of like what Zach leaves in her air every morning.
No, seriously.
Well, there must be a reason.
He's got a serious, well, he's got a lot of pressure.
Oh, man.
Stress.
And believe me, he's letting it out.
One good thing.
Don't hold it in.
They say that you have a heart attack field and just let it out.
Zach.
I have a big Mac.
Which is worse.
We're going to do that poll tomorrow.
Big Mac attack or a Zach attack.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Hey, Neil.
I got a Latin marigold.
Yeah.
Don Francisco.
Don Francisco.
Don Francisco.
Who's that?
Is that the guy on the helicopter?
Oh, you got it.
Which is gross.
You just thank it.
I'll walk around and just handed me something.
Now give it back to Duff.
I don't want it.
Are we putting him on there?
Are we putting who on there?
Don Francisco.
Yeah.
What the hell am I doing?
I mean, what are yours, you know?
He's Jewish?
Yes.
Like Dave Johnson?
Right.
Just like it.
Guess what we got now.
Oh, Boca-Bride and just shouted one out.
Who's that?
Ari Fleischer.
Ari Fleischer, you think he's one of those?
Arrella.
Put him on there.
Every of all of us left wingers a chance to vent.
Ah!
It's a little preview there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18T line at 19 till noon at QY.
We got the mad dog of one.
The Humper will be along.
The Humper will be 3-7 and we got to Hercune Hotline, the big O,
Eddie Kay, if we can straighten that time out.
And Joe and Mark overnight live from the Cheat Lounge.
What are they going to be doing over there?
Are they usual boob show?
All you really desperate, horny guys, have your hand on it and the dial 2, 2 to 6 in the morning with Joe and Mark in the dark.
We ever presented with opportunity when you should have could have would have done something but didn't do it.
You couldn't pull the trigger, so to speak.
Well, there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%.
This rate's available by calling financial group toll free at 1-800-94053-63.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, it saved yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year alone for each $100,000 that you owe.
A hundred thousand cost you only $447 bucks a month.
Here's an opportunity that won't last.
It's a 40-year low.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group 1-800-94053-63, the process is easy and it calls as absolute or free.
1-800-940-LND.
Financial group has been in equal housing, limited to thousands of borrowers with the Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
5.34 APR.
Call financial group for all the details today 1-800-940-LND.
My phone calls.
This is 420560.
You wait, you wait.
There's a butt-eye smelly.
I'm not a girl who hated my guts.
I wrote a song when she drove me nuts.
Put in a square water too.
Radio said it's too blue.
There are words that just can't play.
Those are words you'd better not see.
Now each time my song is here, those words are no longer there.
They've played me.
They've played me.
It's a, so, so, so.
I got too hot and they took out all the F words.
Still there were none.
Just leave them away.
Now my song is rated PG.
Because they removed the prop energy.
They should never nuts with my heart.
They took out the very best possible.
They've played me.
Yeah, they've played me.
It's so, so, so, so.
I got too hot and they took out all the F words.
Still there were none.
Just leave them away.
They've played me.
Hey!
Remember this golden gasser?
Wonderful WQAM.
Thank you so much.
Yank raised his foot.
And if I met the jins, I'll never let you go.
So long to say you love me.
I'll make you slow to proud of you.
We'll make the turns there, hit.
If we wish we go so long to leave.
We'll keep our eyes open.
And we'll be able to hold it open.
We'll be able to hold it open.
I'll make the turns there, hit.
If we wish we go so long to leave.
We'll make the turns there, hit.
We'll keep our eyes open.
And we'll be able to hold it open.
So long to say you love me.
I have been waiting for you
You know I'll clean all the toys
The only journey we know
I'm just thinking about you
I'm asking you, my baby
I'm asking you, my baby
I'm asking you, my baby
I'm asking you, my baby
I'm asking you, my baby
Okay, that's enough of that one
What we don't want to hear the whole thing
Would you give me a look like that for?
We'll just cut off card by the abrupt end there
Well, because sometimes things happen to abrupt end
You don't have to cut them
Yeah, you're gonna have an abrupt end pretty soon if you don't want it, mister
We can get Mo on your ass again speaking of this poll
Now there's good stuff on here
Look at all of this
We don't want to dwell just on be my baby which was their biggest hit
But Phil Spector, he didn't die but he made somebody else's accordion it laged
What's your name again?
Atlanta Clarkson
Atlanta Lang, Atlanta Clarkson 40
Found a body in the the homeless front for your for yay
Officers didn't really say it for me but they did confirm they found a gun
She died?
Yeah, she did
And her thinking he done it, he's out on millions of dollars bond right now
He's out
Put career diet walking about
He's out of the city and he has to be my one of the best
No
You don't want to live with so much and I might think it's better
Where he then see healthy guys?
Is anyone...
Now you didn't bring me any righteous brothers, did you lost eleven to Finland?
You didn't bring it?
Good
I feel much better.
I think I'm starting to wake up now for my little cigar or a funk that I was in
Now seriously these things will kill you
This was a good experience, this was a learning experience for me
Because I smoked about two or three of these in a car on a way to work your chain smoke
I'm like a faggot, like cigarettes
Right, they rip your lungs out
And they like rip your lungs out and they make you like real like you're in a cloud
You know what I mean?
Right, but they come in a pretty box
They come in a pretty box and they smell real pretty too
Ooh man, smells like cherries
Sometimes
Yeah
Well, it all depends on what it is
Oh now let's see, the teddy bear is really did the hit on the song but right?
Teddy bears don't know him is the love him
Yes
What are you looking at me?
They had the hit?
That was his hit he says
The teddy bears, this is still me
Oh, this is the teddy bear
Oh I see what you're doing, that's not the one that's
You know, if you were a mind like Maddie Bell, a little mind
A tiny mind, maybe I could read your lips
But you're not very good at it
Okay, he's trying to tell you that this is still the same
This is still singing
No, that's not
This is stillspector singing
Okay, that's not the right one
Just say that
Well, he's singing back up
Yes
Really?
What are you nodding your head?
What do you know about Phil's spector?
You wouldn't know Phil's spector from Arlen's spector from Bush's spector
Okay, he's nodding his head
Yeah, that's right, he's singing in the background
Little punk
But that was the teddy bear
You scared me with his son
Because I thought these were all the run-ets
This was the run-ets
Did not make him this earlier?
It's not like they had a sitting head since I mean he always let it be
Beedle, Butterbeam is the head of someone else
He has a fig ring
The company had a fig on the trigger too
The legs, it's only a leg by the way
He's not on fan
I'm the way it's on, pretty good song
Size
Something, something
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
These are the voices
You can't find the job
We're looking to move
You're asshole
And I'll be third in
He's my style
So anyway, that's enough of that one
Oh, this is pretty good too
I'm not really sure if this is the song I'm thinking of
Oh yeah, this was great
And I'll have to move the go
What, like spastic
Listen
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Have I ever known
Hey, Curie, what was your backspin?
How could it feel so open?
Wait, what about Wayne Newton for the list?
Get with it, Carlos, Wayne Newton
See, they got Jim neighbors on here
But that's like saying Charles Nelson Riley
What's the point?
Like Sam Richie Simmons
When you kiss me I'm not too special
Crazy eyes are around so
Crazy face
Crazy eyes are around so
Crazy face
Can't complain about the fidelity in those songs
Because there isn't any
But that's the way they were originally
It was just low five, you know?
Not stereo, not high five
Just kind of like low five
You both been on the air, by the way, last 20 or 30 seconds
It's, uh, huh?
We got the Bokeh Bryant and Muff Show going on in the back
So how do you do it, Bob?
Don't look at me, just get out of there
Check that thing off, will you please?
Got one of those, we're kind of crap
They're gonna say next
And then I'll be responsible for it
Let's see, Jimmy Cifalus, there's stories of him going around
Jimmy Cifalus, I'll put him on there
Okay, we like Jimmy Cifalus, good guy
And Tom Selleck, how come he is none of the list, Carlos?
What's wrong with you?
I'm not even, whoa
Yeah, see, guys, I'm finishing you for your Intemperate Gateways
Groovy
Yeah
Tom Sellecky, none of her is it was mentioned, he should be out
Well, just because somebody was mentioned, we gotta, we gotta check this over
In fact, I bet you, uh, any Murphy's not on here yet, there he is, got two votes
Told you
I don't see, uh, Tom Selleck on here at all, do you?
He's, Tom Selleck has had 600 press conferences, by the way
And this, very clearly, is just, uh, people have opinions, they think, they think they know something
And we've talked a lot of them, and quite frankly, if you heard their calls, most of them don't know anything
I was McGell in the building, so that would indicate he's not at that thing or not, we don't know
He couldn't possibly, between 11 and 15, make it all the way up there to, uh, hooters on Las Olas
I'm gonna just, in the building, now he moves pretty quick, haven't you noticed?
I, uh, every time I, every time I get up out of this chair, boy, he flies down the hall
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 W.D.C.A, when other year is coming gone, it's the new year, we're well into it in the second month already
And if you wanna live up to your new year's resolutions of getting the house back in the shape
Then one of the things you can do is call my good pizons at drive concepts because their trick is to make something look brand new without spending all the money to replace it like your carpeting
Brand new carpeting, while the wall will cost you a fortune, an arm in four legs, but you can do the drive concepts,
Drive cleaning method will cost you a very reasonable price, which they give you written guarantee up front, and you'll be just shocked, astonished if you never used to me for
At how sparkling brand new your carpets will look, no matter how hopeless the situation looks and smells and feels right now
When they get done drive cleaning your carpets, everybody you know will think you had brand new lead right on your floor
And of course, drive concept technicians know their craft, they're schooled and certified by, the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration, they'll leave your carpets soil free, vibing and color and softer to the touch
So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets and post-reload the furniture, it's time for the experts to drive concepts
And if you've got problems, if you've got sewer with pet odors, milder odors caused by water damage, drive concepts will make those go away like magic too
You're what yourself to try these people once and you'll be doing like me for over 20 years in a row, I've been using them, you'll do the same
Call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-248-5071
248-5071 or log on to their website if you like a driveconcepts.com
Drive concepts clean today, entertained tonight, not just the slogan, it's their business at Drive Concepts
My life and love, this is 420560, you way can way out
Stay Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey, whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town
It's the 12-1 hour, dot
Blinded by the ride, bamboozled by duty bags with 64 rides
Blinded by the ride, bamboozled by duty bags with 64 rides
I know you may not understand what I did or who I am most of you don't read any books
So let me introduce myself, I was a well-respected hard-right man entrusted by high-level schnooks
I used to have a powerful Republican position, high upon a poor brown
The holy questions were in systems that I have is where to clinton with any means that could be found
It's a matter of the greatest race I've all saw was blinded by the ride
Bamboozled by duty bags, the moral pasty bags blinded by the ride
I felt like a douchebag, but I truly believed in it
I had admission to the parties from my moralistic Christians and fallen there, taken on the road
While down in rexick-farmed existor and cult, they're raising blisters, giving power balls to a child
My job was to offer news to the right wind and point of view people might be lazy to sway
And now the hatred that has spewed about minorities and banker Jews make me one of you today
What's next, did they?
I couldn't even say I was gay, I saw was blinded by the ride
Bamboozled by duty bags, the pasty moral right blinded by the ride
There was info that she was naked on a pause with two guys taking her jobless time
By the way, glad he talked about Ann Codre one and a one
I forgot to mention, she was on crossfire a couple of months ago
Like totally in the last week
It didn't make any difference, she looked like an Afghan in heat, she is the nasty
And she hasn't got any idea what she's talking about at all
And guess who made a total jackass on her, Jerry Springer
Who's taking her running for a senate, Jerry from Ohio, hey I got news for her, he ran circles around her
She had no idea what she was talking about
No, he's a stupid show but he talked about that about how he's shlock, he's pure schlock
And this is what the public wants, he's made millions and because he understands what the public wants
But he's not stupid at all, he's pretty bright, got my vote
And she was talking about all this crap about, I forget what the subject matter was
But her timing was so far off, she was talking about the poisoned gas
And he's talking about how a burden dealing with Iraq in 1998
And pointing out to her that this was back in the 80s, she's talking about
Ah, better meet better, but I mean debating her would be like debating my little dog
You know who can't speak, only that would be an improvement award she had to say
And culture, here are one of the lunatic fringe far right
Lunatic, maniac, simpleton, bird brain
Anyway, continuing with our list, here's one that says I've been a listener for over 10 years now big fan
Thank you guys for a lot of talent, what are you right, listener?
I enjoy listening to you guys every day, don't listen to those people that don't like George
He is truly a talent while you were doing pretty good
Love your show, start to see Santa's Ocelens go, go Panthers
Thank you very much, don't do that hockey talk though, okay?
Because that's always the end of the show, this time they get, they fulmin' them out when they hear that stuff
Dave Damien, channel 10 weather, we know Dave Damien, I don't watch channel 10 news
Some of the Dave sounds kinda gay
Some of the words anybody's got a name that sounds gay?
Belongs on the list, belongs on the list, Dave Damien, got him on there?
D-A-M-I-A-N, they've got here
So it's such a flamer that when he walks in a room the sprinklers come on
That's what it says, that doesn't prove anything but they know these are just people of fun and with you, okay?
And maybe not, Peeley Herman, see there's no point as again like putting Charles Nelson Riley on her richy Simmons
What's the point?
Here's a long list, look at this, from Don in New York who's obsessed with this obviously, maybe he's in Fire Island, maybe he's on it
John Thoreau, we got Kiana, we've got Tom Cruiser, we got Kevin Spacey, Tom Sellett, my fiancee, we got all these
Toby McGuire
Okay, how about Jerry McGuire?
Okay, what, Toby McGuire?
He's a whatever
Elijah Wood, that's what I heard
Leo de Caprio, how could we left her off of there, Leo de Caprio?
George Clooney, we got Ben Astleck, it says here
Ben Astlecks, Matt Damon, you know how they're like side by each, those two always join at the hip, those two very very tight
Proof Daddy, Chums
Oh Robbie Alamar in New York, that's a basement, a lot of talk about Robbie, you know
Remember when he spit in, was it the herspect, the umpire day spit in his face?
Was that him?
That was him, he went like that
And I think the rumor was that he made some kind of a sexual comment toward Robbie
Sandy Kofax, I never heard that, Sandy, I think he's picking on him because he's Jewish, okay?
Oh, I think he's what he pitched on your kipper
What are yours?
In fact, don't remember that, I don't forget that thing from last year, who was it Greg Kotex, was that the one or was it Dan LaBanthorne?
I want to make sure I get it right, one of those two jackasses
And the herald
Pickin' on Jay Fiedler, cause he wouldn't play on, no not Jay Fiedler, who was it that they were picking on?
Oh, what's his name?
Green
What tells his name, the off-heart, he used to play, not Harvey Green, they used to play for the Blue Jays, the place of the Dodgers, Green, Green, what tells his name?
Come on, when you please, Mo Green
Yeah
Don't come to this town and talk to a man like Mo Green like that, okay?
But I think
About a boom, about a Bing, Mo Green, I want that house, I can't believe I can see him
Sean Green
Isn't that it?
I don't know, I don't care about baseball anymore, I hate to say it boys and girls, but I mean who gives a crap you know?
But anyway, they wrote this in tempered comment because he didn't want to play on your own kipper or he wasn't, whatever the hell the deal was
And you know, it's typical of the kind of swill that you read
I didn't notice anybody in this town, I mean there were some comments made on this station that were appropriate
But I didn't notice a whole big simmiss about it if I can say that, can I say simmiss? No, no
I don't even like simmiss, especially a curate simmiss, oh, fff, awful stuff, you ever had that? No, good, you'd hate it, you'd look good, you see it?
We need some kishki in here boy, I would know what you get my urn, that would get my urnable ball some kishki with gravy
There's no place left, let's reopen the Carnegie deli for a couple of days
Let's reopen the Villa deli
Those were the days at IOD, I'll tell you one thing and it's probably just as well, I weigh 50 pounds more but not that I'm here that often anyway
The cuisine we used to have at IOD was certainly much more spectacular than the limited fare that we get here
I mean we're pretty, not that we're knocking Tonys and Ponytail and you know the other fine people are good friend, Iroha over there who has to work with Scott at Lannistery subs
We're not knocking him but it's a very limited menu here as opposed to the IOD days
Those were the salad days, no pun intended
Remember that salad from the olivigarden, it was real Italian dish
It was like rotten, the lettuce was brown
Going in and coming out, it was brown
I'm making a part, we used to get brisket
Attached to the Tisca, we used to get brisket
Hey, corkies would be good, some brisket on the roll
Oh, don't do it, don't die
Why, that's not bad for it, that's Atkinsish
Hmm, huh?
It's on the Atkinser's...
It's at Skackins Diet
Yeah, they said over the other day
Little potato pancakes, who's gonna work on that for us?
What are you laughing about?
Just because you're not gonna be here, you don't need any free food
Look at all the way you lost and now you got that chicken neck?
You don't look at day over 80 now
I'll tell you one thing, I look a lot younger and he isn't, I'm not
You know the last time, don't I?
Yeah, what? You don't have a chicken neck like him
Not even a similar waddle, a little bit of a waddle
But a waddle? Yeah
Like a chicken
Are you keeping it on the way I walk again?
That's not a waddle, that's just a fag
So the last time we talked about corkies, that's all we had to do
And they just showed up on the menu
Oh god, we love you corkies tomorrow for lunch, so good
Because I got mommies today
And the brisket, we passed that brisket around
Everybody is building, so we'd never have meat like that
Has to run like a doobie
Oh, it just melted in your mouth, didn't it?
It did, only good
Oh, that rolls dangerous that meat was so good
On Paulman Johnson, by the way, the new corkies in Pembroke Pong
Right, next to the one Dixie
Right, be sure and let them know we're expecting to get fed lunch here tomorrow
Because we got such limited cuisines in this area
Brisket?
No, we're not in it like lots of the cuisines from this area
You know, like the jerk chicken and jerk pork and jerk jerk, you know, stuff like that
You know
It's yeah
Anyway, I guess I can throw this out, or I'll re-earse
I do it one more time
What?
For the lovely Miguel, you know, maybe sure
Be a little more friendly in the future, I doubt it though
Join QAmin Marlon's players for the Marlon's Caravan
Now till two, it's going on right now
The Hooters on La Sala's Boulevard
I can't believe he got up there that fast
Sorry for that far though, I'm right up there
Let's see how it went
First ten people that go in and mention they heard about the Caravan here on QAmin
Get a $20 Hooters gift certificate
A pair of tickets to opening day at the Marlon
That's serious, do we care about the Marlon's?
No
But nevertheless do it anyway
Quick shake in your head
Don't know Sean Green from goddamn...
Al Green
Al Green
Hey, how's he doing? Let's get together, Al
Ten minutes after noon
I'm going to play the run-ets the whole rest of the year
I'm so blown away by hearing some of those songs having heard in the world
So is that Clarkson
Yeah, she's blown away
Don't be blamed and feel specter again, okay?
I got to play Bush Inspector in honor of that
Do I?
And then we got also a Mohawar Davidid rape by Rick and Suds coming up
Huh? That's coming up on the next day when we come right back after the break
Mohawar Davidid getting raped by a Rick and Suds
Because you know what he says
Gang rape is funny
Yeah, what he's done receiving in we find it most amusing
When it's only like a bit, when it's only stick
You see what I'm saying?
It's only stick
As in...
Get out of here!
Eleven after noon at QAmin if you're not getting a good night's sleep
Probably one of the reasons being besides you worried about getting canned or something like that George
Is the fact that your mattress is lumpy and worn out
They don't last forever even the best mattresses in the world have a...
They have a limited life, okay? Like everything else
So if you want to get you a great new name brand mattress
Call our good buddies at Dala mattress
I've been using them for a long time now for several years
And look at... I've been in a night's sleep if I got home on time
But nevertheless when I do put my ass on that bed
I get a great night's sleep and you can too
They carry seely and sirt a Simmons King coil
Every size and style under the sun
And you got 30 days to try out that new mattress the right way by sleeping on it
Doing your thing on it, getting laid on it
Whatever it is you want to do on there
Doing your blow-up dial and having a great time
And after 30 days I mean you can exchange it any time during that period of time
If you want to see it before you buy check out mattress.com on the internet
They got pictures of mattresses that the expert bedding consultant suggests
So whether it's the brand name that you want, whether it's the selection that will liberate all of these things
You can't beat and the everyday little prices too don't forget
You can't beat Dala mattress
Instead of running around town, depending on department stores
Make that one easy call they'll be there knocking on your door when it's convenient for you
And any two-hour window you pick
Here's the number
1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTRES for Dala mattress, the answer to a perfect night's sleep tonight and for years to come
Find a local, this is five cities
There ain't years old yours
AAAAAAAA
Q-A-N
O-R-O-N
Welcome back to the Superfluous Connolinguists of the Mohameda Davidicholen
Where we got the three-quilas on power rotation for your Perusial
Hey Mo!
What?
This better not be about Hoki
We got special guests today
No one's allowed in here unless they bring food for their king giggle giggle
28?
That's already booked them
How are ya?
What the hell are these muzzle moos?
That's the victim's son!
You know?
Drag home with us today!
Good oil
Sorry
And, never hiding your bum
I wonder why
What do you do?
You got an act?
Oh yeah
Exactly
Like what?
We spin the wheel
Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it
We slam it, you name it
What's funny about that?
Well, you got a point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question?
You ready to put your hand to toilet bowl?
You think that's funny, Harry?
Well, I got noone for you, pal.
You both stink!
I'm a precipice of getting fired at him right now.
What a bummer.
Get out of my place of business.
No.
All right, all right, something.
I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got.
Hope this isn't really funny,
because I got a really full bladder.
All right, these are things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings, and I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that?
Yeah, here we go.
The bigger they are, the harder they get to do.
Yeah!
Yeah!
What do you get to do?
Did I get clearance clearance to give you clearance to laugh?
How dare you laugh at me?
I suppose you want to make me now, huh?
Yeah.
Start licking that.
Would be wild, yeah.
All right, all right.
I don't even care anymore.
Hey, can I be hold my green pants?
Okay.
What are you looking at?
A pretzel face fanny.
And you guys got a condo.
That's condo, mo.
What of?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, I don't suds does.
Fine.
And that might as well one is I didn't do today.
Okay.
Now you have to say spin your meat, Rick and suds.
Spin your meat, Rick and let's do it.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, got it.
Oh, what's the matter?
I was shooting first.
Oh!
Oh!
I told you it's not my day.
Oh!
I'm so embarrassed.
Three.
One, two, one, jade, funny, okay.
It's not right in the mirror skin.
Ooh!
Poison all.
Oh!
Oh, god.
You asshole.
Prop 17 at 560 WQA.
I'm here to the fact that Paul Stanley of Kisounds real
swishy when he talks.
I guess we better put him on here.
Okay.
Okay.
Passify these people.
Most people don't know the individual members of Kis.
Okay.
Do they?
I guess not anymore.
No.
I don't even see that spot anymore about the holiday and express.
We don't see that one anymore.
We got 96 votes for George, but he's still got a pretty safely.
Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or by?
Jorge's got 96.
Prince 65.
Tom Cruise 53.
Treyekman 32.
Jeff Garcia 13.
Boy, it's a sure a big drop down in it.
Little Brian Andrews got 11.
Dennis the chronic or Catholic caller, etc.
10.
P.A.
He's tied with the P.D.D.
Puff Daddy, whatever column this week.
Jeff Gordon 10.
Jenna Reno 9.
Think about it.
Justin Tinkerbell 8.
Mike Piazza and Jodie Foster each have 8.
Steve Young's got 7 or Griffin 7.
Hillary Clinton 7.
Little Brian Orcross is only got 6.
The weather furry.
Matt Damon 6.
Ricky Martin 6.
J.L.O.
5.
Ben Affleck 5.
Barry Manolo 5.
Richard Gear 5.
Kenner Reeves 4.
And Greek A is only got 3.
Mayor Alice Penga Picany has got 3.
George Clooney a pair, Eddie Murphy a pair.
Ricky Williams has 1.
Shame on you for putting them on there.
Scott Wolf has got 1.
John Revolt to 1.
Winona Ryder 1.
Tom Sallik has got 1.
Bill Kamal has got 1 but I heard it ain't too big.
Henry Winfers got 1.
Kevin Spacey 1.
And none.
None for a whole bunch of people.
Y-Yani?
I don't think you got that spelled right.
Is it with two ends?
I think it's two ends.
What did I miss now?
I'm just thinking about that bit.
Can we hear it again?
We're concerned about this.
None for Daniel Day Lewis, Yani, Kim Bebo, Camper, Cordell Stewart, Lance Bass, from
in stink, not from the backstreet boys, by the way.
None for Mike Myers, none for Missy, Miss demeanor, Elliott, Sin Bad, Shepherd Smith, Kenny
G, Paul Shabry don't have any?
Jeff Goldblum, our city of hall, Don Francisco, our Reflicer Wayne Newton, Jimmy Cipyllis, John
Tesh, Bert Reynolds.
Look at all the people I have no votes.
My God, they got like 8,000 people on here with no votes that are wasting our damn space
on our pool.
Who do I leave on with?
Shepherd Smith, Bert Reynolds, Dave Damien don't have any to be McGuire, Elijah Wood,
Leo DeCaprio, oh no, he don't have any votes and Robbie L. Marr.
L. Marr, by the way, is ALO, M-A-R, Eric ALO.
Don't pay attention to Carlos's spelling, he don't know anything about baseball, he
don't know Sean Green.
I'm embarrassed for you, man.
You don't know that nice Jewish boy, Sean Green, the outfielder for the LA Dodgers, used
to play for the Toronto Blue Jays, making about $4 billion a year.
Oh, geez, quit.
Now like I said, Jerry, get back to the pen, okay, please, it was so much more entertaining.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, that was 40 minutes.
It's a crazy guy again.
Don't put him on the ear, the crazy guy, the crazy, remove him or like that guy.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Good man, I had a couple votes, but I already had them on the list, but I have one more
that I didn't hear.
Yeah.
Eddie Murphy.
Two votes.
Really?
He's got a pick.
I was going to pick Fort Al and Bill Cammal too, but you already said.
Fort Al Stewart don't have any votes, aren't you surprised?
That's amazing.
He's gare than hell.
Ever great day, sir.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
How do you like that?
This guy thinks he's gare than hell.
Well, I guess we're going to have a gare old time in hell.
You know, what he just said, I never heard that expression before, did you?
Gare than hell.
So if I was you, I'd be watching out what's going to be happening to your backside down
there, okay?
Correct him.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Okay.
If you allow me to play program director for just a second, what do you mean for just a
second?
We've already got about a half a dozen of them.
We can always use one more.
Okay.
I got the solution for you nine to ten hours.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're good that you just played with perfect what I wanted to bring up.
How about Rick and Sud?
Guess hosting that hour.
From what do you mean guest hosting?
Well, I mean, instead of you, you throw in Rick and Sud for an hour and they'll be happy
because they get on the air.
You'll be happy because you got a good lead in.
And because I won't have to do four hours.
That sounds good.
Anyway, as long as there's no pick cut involved for me and of course they'll have to work
for free, but other than that, it sounds great.
Well, you could pay them like a gratuity.
No.
Hey.
We're going to try.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
There's a program director for about 30 seconds there.
Rick and Sud's nine to ten.
What about the little guy who does the heat basketball segments for Hank?
He sounds like a pre-pubescent algold scene.
He couldn't be talking about Ira Winderman.
Good old Ira.
One thing we know about Ira.
He has a wife, you know.
Yeah, we don't believe it.
Just got somebody's got a squeaky voice.
The oldie's got a squeaky voice.
Nobody nominated him for this poll and obviously because we know he's a straight as an arrow.
Okay.
Straight as a squeaky arrow.
Oh, here's the, what's your call?
The fax radio ad with the fizz and opi and stuff that nobody cares about.
The radio groupie.
And then we got jury today about half a dozen faxes trying to type the stuff up.
We see it all the same swirl.
If it smells the same and it looks the same and sounds the same.
It's all of you, okay?
It's you, baby.
Baby it's you.
Let's play that again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's play that again and then we'll like segway it with the Rick and Suds bit.
Moga's rifted it by Rick and Suds and then we'll have we didn't play it so far today.
Watch your back sack.
So was he really nervous when all the stuff was going on in there?
You had to have seen it.
Really?
You thought of what you're suggesting that he might be a little bit insecure these days
just because it's been rumored that he's going to be the next fault guy.
What I said, he was hugging his knees.
It wasn't a figure of speaking.
He was hugging his knees.
That's a scary thought to watch a 600 pound man trying to hug his knees.
He was a scared.
I see, but he's okay now.
Hey, I don't want to lose my contact.
He's what it got me to toasted grilled cheese sandwiches morning.
Maybe that's why.
Oh, you think he had a problem because he got me food?
I don't know.
He fed you.
He fed the enemy.
How do they know that?
You said so.
You said thanks right now.
Listen to this show though.
They don't listen to this show.
That's what I'm here at the rest.
So he fed me and as a result, he's in deep waters.
That what you're saying?
He's in hot potatoes?
Where's the other way around?
Sorting.
Sorry, Zach, but it's good sandwich.
5, 6, 7, 8, so maybe we'll just get how he's to take care of us.
They probably like us or not.
We don't care.
We don't care if you like us or not, but if you'll send us free food, we'll give you a plug.
He would be a hit us.
Who is how he's?
Where's that place?
Let's find out.
Let's get our own free stuff.
We don't want to rely on Zach and get him into hot water with Mo.
Because he's consorting with the enemy, which we just don't do.
He wouldn't be debating about somebody bringing me a goddamn toasted cheese sandwich with
clearance.
What somebody is important is our program director who gets here now six o'clock in the
morning so he can sit in there, babysit the morning show every day.
No, I'm sure that's not going to be a problem.
In addition to what if he's going to sit in there for three hours every morning between
six and nine, the least he can do at nine o'clock is have a big go running with him.
That's good experience, good training for him.
Don't you think?
Sure.
For all the good.
I enjoy tremendously here and after the wild harvest morning, all up and down to
all through the wall over here.
You asshole.
It was reverberating all through the building.
We need a little excitement around here because this place lately, especially since that
football ending, you know, you can feel it.
That's why I need to get out of town again because the atmosphere in here is just the tone.
The tone in the building is very unsatisfactory to me.
Yeah, the timber.
The timber and the tone and the elevator and the ambiance and the aroma.
I think we ought to take several days off like they did at Power 96 because of the Columbia
disaster.
Right.
Don't you think?
In deference.
And we'll just put automated talk on.
We'll play some old tapes.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Call from Fort Pierce.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Brad from Miami.
How you guys doing today?
Pretty good.
Brad, what are you doing up there?
I'm driving up to the Kennedy Space Center for the Memorial Service here today.
I'm almost there.
Okay.
But, hey, entertaining show.
And I just wanted to
It is not a time for a brand.
It's a pleasure.
Remember the push administration.
Condoleezza writes.
Definitely Ledfo.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Even her name, Condolezzi.
She's definitely got a lesbian lover tucked away in a condo somewhere.
Well, give her a big kiss for us, Brad.
All right.
And have a good time up there.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
Do we?
No, we don't.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
We don't want to see him on the next show.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
That's the goal. There's a lot of fat produces you know
That's right attached to your low weight, low nonNo more non
No more, no more no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no
Gorgal?!
Ah, brudal, that blooper I don't understand
You can eat from a truck while using both hands
Yeah, big fat pants you've made already school
Just like Clinton's, all you have lost
That Australian fat ass out
Well, we'll take the food out of you, I'm out.
That's right, punch him back!
Well, you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more!
Catch him back, back!
Well, you won't wait for more, no more!
This is what we say!
Catch him back, back!
Well, you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more!
Catch him back, back!
Well, you won't wait for more, no more!
Who are you?
You're lucky, you got his copy!
I know!
I know!
I know!
So, 30 at 560 WQM, the Mad Dog standing by, he'll be along at 1.
Mitchell faxes and says, how about Matthew Broderick?
Nobody buys that whole marriage to Sarah Jessica Parker thing.
You should add her on list to it says.
Oh, Matthew Broderick?
If you can be married to that.
Yeah.
Something's wrong.
So, what you'll be saying?
Well, here's the suggestion for the program director.
How about from the 9 to 10 hour of VD start playing your library of bits starting from A to Z,
Wednesday 9 to 10 you do the screenless or hell just do an hour of dead air?
That sounds good, Mitchell, I like that hour of dead air stuff.
Let's try that tomorrow.
On our tomorrow's Wednesday we play the bits tomorrow.
You and I were just sitting around eating that.
That sounds good.
Oh, I think that's an excellent idea.
You know how we sit and talk about the show.
And tomorrow like between noon and one and noon to one hour we can learn to sit around
eat all that good stuff from corkies that's coming.
Right, brisket, all the brisket and potato lockies and all that other good stuff.
And what?
A lot of keys.
Remember they had the little egg rolls that you didn't need.
I don't know if I can eat the brisket sandwich.
In fact, I can't eat the potato pancakes either but I will.
Great.
Greasy, that's for your Roads man.
Oh.
But, nevertheless, here is a Jethro who says, buy what about Madonna?
Well, we already know that.
Right.
I mean, she's bragging about that.
You know, she's Sandra Bernhardt also.
Yeah.
And we don't want people who are like already a bragging about it, okay?
But thanks anyway, Jethro.
Kind of a dull, faxx, Jethro.
What about the Rick Sudsmoey?
I don't understand this faxx anyway.
And then here's the one with a bunch of hockey names on it, George.
Jorge.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
I think that was an admission of guilt on his part.
Look at how ready he is in the face.
Oh man.
We just had a major event happen right here on QIM.
He couldn't handle the pressure.
He's got an even number of hundred votes leading the pack by a mile.
And he just came out of the leader of the pack.
He's packing it.
George Rodriguez 100, which of these people are you most convinced is gay or by?
Just for fun, just your opinion, something you thought about just briefly for maybe 10-20 hours a day.
No, this is for real and important.
Yeah.
George 100, Prince 65, Tom Cruise 55, who's not too happy with that Queen of Mean, Leoni Helmsley.
You think she's ready to Sherman?
I guess not.
Trey Eggman 33, Jeff Garcia 14, Dennis the chronic cause.
$1,13, huh?
Brian Andrews 12, Jeff Gordon and DeGenerino, which have 11, ever seen those two together?
Same guy.
Mike P. Osses got 10, Piff Puffa P. O. P. D. Adidly.
Scott 10, Justin Tinkerbell 9, Brian Norcross 9, Hillary Clinton 9, but she moved up there
fast today.
He knows how else moved up.
Jody Foster's got 9, 8.
Ricky Martin 8, Merv Griffin 7, Steve Young 7, Matt Damon 6, Barry Manelow be having 6.
J. Low 6, Richard Gear 5, Ben Affleck 5, Mayor Alex Penga Picani is up to full.
Canarees got 4, and Greeky's on the, Paul Schafer still only got 2.
Scott Wolfe is only got 1.
Scott Wolfe is only got 1, but okay.
He sure is pretty though, or at least he used to be.
Probably an old troll by now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
See this is good for like, I don't know, like sensitizing the public out there, getting their gate
are going a little bit better, you know?
Because we'll have all the answers for you tomorrow.
What we're going to do is have Carlos call these to these people at home overnight, and then we'll bring in the answers tomorrow.
Start out with Tommy.
I don't mean Tom Cruise, I mean, you know Tommy.
Thompson?
No, Tommy, uh...
Gun.
Productory Tommy.
Oh, Ferrara.
You know the graduate of the Connecticut School of Broadcasting?
Here's Miami, hello.
Big piece demonstrations down here in the Crayo Gables Florida.
Yes sir.
Yeah, uh, US1 and LeJune Road.
They got body bags, no oil, no blood, the pictures of bush, and now the pigs just got here breaking it up now.
But it's a huge demonstration for peace.
All right.
Excellent.
And they're backing up US1 all the way down to I-95.
Good for them.
It's amazing.
I got two more for you, Neil.
Yeah.
Let me add to the list Gloria and what's his face of Millio.
That's...
As Stefan?
Gloria, as Stefan?
That's correct.
Is Gay?
Oh, super.
And if I know it in town?
Okay.
Whatever he's saying.
Okay, you're getting out of here.
Look at that.
He sounded like he had a feather up his ass, didn't he?
Everything was funny.
You know, I could drop a bomb on his ass.
Hey boy, look at that one.
Pretty funny guy.
He's tickled pink.
We're not putting them on their Gloria-
uh, S-
Stefan?
Oh, those two.
They just give me the willies that pair.
Always running around like that.
Like they kind of like speak for the community.
Like they're like, have something to do with the rest of us.
We don't want anything to do with their Gloria.
Okay, just go away.
We may-
We're nauseous from you.
And that performance in front of the-
Arele and the Miami Relatives house there.
They gun Zalas house.
How's Liza going to them, by the way?
Anybody seen him lately?
And what about his brother?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, yes sir.
Um, first I'd like to say that I absolutely think George is definitely gay.
Yeah, I'm-
I'm starting to think so after that red face.
Yeah, and there's something about him besides sounding gay.
You just want to just kick his ass.
Like he's annoying.
Like I just like to pound the crap out of him.
Right, there are a lot of people who would like to-
You'd have to beat them to the line.
I'll tell you that.
I don't see how for so many years you just have him back handed him ever.
Have you ever punched him in the mouth?
No.
Come on over, pal.
I don't like punching little people in the mouth.
It's like, you know, we're slapping or something.
There's something about him to just-
Oh, it's Halloween.
Carlisette, he'll slap him for you.
I got to ask you a question.
Is-
Do you think it's a possibility that Jim Mandage at one time was gay or is gay now?
Well, I will say this.
I don't want to comment on that because I don't have any personal knowledge.
But I will say he did take a lot of showers naked with men.
Okay.
So that's just-
And-
And I find it very strange that he and Joe Rose still, even after all these years after they both retired from the NFL,
they continue showering together like on the weekends.
I find that very-
Yeah, that is pretty strange.
And then Joe, he still did for man Mad Dog, yeah.
He fills in the gap here.
So there's something going on there.
Right.
Okay, well thanks for pointing that out to us and we'll investigate him immediately with the not sooner.
Why don't we ask him a dog if he has any gay proclivities?
He is the one by the way, giving me that first Tom Brady picture to one specter on the wall
with those big flashy, shiny teeth a couple years ago.
That's right.
Yeah.
That was back when he graduated from Michigan before Mad Dog started getting a little bug off his ass because he wanted to-
He wanted Super Bowl for the Patriots, the evil arch enemy of the beloved Dolphin.
So that's when he started getting a little bit sour on Old Tommy Boy and a little bit jealous and a little bit angry and a little bit not giving enough credit where credit was due.
Things like that and then making all those whining sounds about that Oakland game last year in the snow, the snow game,
and the supposed fumble and all that other crap, you know.
Did he tuck it or did he cock it?
Still hockin' about that.
Still probably watching a replay of that.
And he probably would have liked to have shot with Tom Brady.
I know I sure would, but at least I'll admit it, you know.
There's the difference.
There's the rub.
And I will tell you this, other than high school where we're forced to do it in gym class,
all the rest of the years of my life, I have never showered with a whole bunch of other guys.
Have you?
Yeah, they made you.
Other than after school I'm talking about.
So it's part of PE.
Are you following what I say?
He's cracking.
Do you do PE like here?
I'm talking about after school, after you finished with FWF school.
Say, I've been-
No, I can't even understand what you're saying.
What occasion would that be?
How would that have worked?
I don't know.
I don't know.
All of this time.
Right.
I thought it was just a joke.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Exactly.
And Verizon World is lying.
Well, maybe he just doesn't want to tell us about his trips to the club bath.
I don't know.
Maybe there's a lot of hot chicks hanging around there.
No.
I doubt it, but you never know.
And of course, who knows what he was dragging Miguel to Treasure Island for?
I don't know what that's all about.
I sure wouldn't mind.
I'm just going to be in the middle of that kind of taking George out of the way.
No, I will not be a Treasure Island.
I don't want to take Bokobran's spot.
The big bold spot.
Although I'm working on it pretty good.
So, George is making a lot of important announcements today.
I want everybody to write it down, especially the guy who wants to come down here and kick your ass.
He was cute.
Two, two, nine, five.
Northwest, second evident.
North Bay.
22, two, one, and five, 60 WQAM.
In fact, we have a very important landmark out here right where the mail truck went by on Friday.
George would be happy to lay your ass right down there on the spot where the mail truck went by.
Have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have could have or what had done something but didn't do it?
Well, there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there waiting for you right now at 3.45%.
And this rate's available by Calling Financial Group, though, I'll explain it to you.
1-809-4053-63.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, you'd save yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year alone for each $100,000 that you owe.
$100,000 bucks cost you only $447 a month.
So this is an opportunity that won last long. It's a 40-year low.
If you're thinking about refinancing, if you're thinking about buying a home call financial group at 1-809-4053-63, the process is simple.
To call us free, there's no obligation. 1-809-40LEMD.
Financial Group has been an equal housing lender in thousands of borrowers with the Fannie Mae program.
Queda restrictions do apply and don't forget rates are subject to change if you wait too long. 5.34 APR.
Call Financial Group today as well. We always tell you no obligation to explain the all the details how this works. 1-809-40LEMD.
This is 420-0.6. 2AM.
Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
His name is Joey's got a show on Fox pretending he's rich.
But I grew up with Joe so I should know. I caught him sometimes he'd pitch. It's okay I guess.
Because I wore a dress and thought he was mine. All that candlelight and wine.
He's a handsome guy and that's no lie but here's the truth I swear it.
I walked in on him and some guy named Jim would have peeled gigantic carrots.
He's got smelly feet and his hair's full of grease. He has another treat.
He's got a fetish for G.C. Midlock to docky.
And he never did care. And he was missing Pac-Man on the web.
But he's alone he dresses up like chef.
17-1 at 560 W.D. Q.A.M. So we got what's his name and not in jail but I mean arrested.
Phil Specter. I bet you the Ronets are pretty disgusted about that.
They still alive do we know the Ronets any or all do we know anything about them? I think Ron he is.
Who knows about the rest of it?
I mean look it up in a book for crying out loud.
Okay but it's not just I mean your opinion what does that count for?
Everybody got an opinion they're like long noses.
They're like nostrils everybody's got a couple.
Ronets. V-Mail vocals here from your city sisters Ronika Ronny Specter Bennett and Estelle Bennett Van
with cousin Needra Tally Ross.
Ronika was very to Phil Specter from 68 to 74.
We know that.
Yes I didn't.
You did not?
He didn't.
She talked all about it.
She did interviews.
I mean she talked all about it.
Well look at the H1.
Yeah things like that.
Interview shows.
I never saw anything about the Ronets.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I bet you now since they always hop on these things it's opportunistic.
They won't pass up.
Oh you bet.
Now we're going to say Phil Specter coming out of our ears our ass our nostrils just
spoke in a moment ago.
Huh?
Every orifice in our body.
Right?
Phil Specter is great.
So keep your on the biography channel on VH1.
Do we have the biography channel here or not?
Yeah.
We do.
Don't ask me where to find it but I've seen it on digital.
Whatever the hell it is.
Ah!
See there's the rub in Toronto I got real digital cable here.
It's like make believe digital cable.
It's got like just a bunch of crap.
I don't have any of those channels here.
I don't.
Really?
Yeah.
And you got the whole deal, the whole kit and cable.
Yeah I didn't get like HBO and stuff like that because I have that on the satellite but I've
got everything I'm supposed to have.
You have, see you put it on the single cable system.
A and E button O, AT&T.
AT&T broadband that's what I got.
And you have the biography channel right?
George has had a little problem today.
And of course on the day.
Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or bi?
We have nearly 500 votes now.
478 has been a real purchase experience here today.
George has got 108 votes and especially I noticed that it's starting to spike a little
bit now after his recent comments.
Prince 66 Tom Cruise 55, Troy Deboi, Akeman's 33, and Dennis the chronic caller, the Catholic
whatever you're 17.
You're really moving up in a world here in the top five Dennis.
So congratulations to you.
I'm sure that the Swiss Guard will be proud.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Many openings in the hotel.
Here's Davie, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I was just wondering the list.
Did they have my Tyson on this?
No.
Okay.
I was just calling just to see if that would be a good name for the list.
If it would be a good one, what do you think?
I think he's a little bit bisexual or something that voice.
I don't know.
It does have a strange way of that.
That's a good point.
I might be a dead giveaway.
Thank you.
Never thought about that.
How about putting my Tyson on there?
Didn't he tell the one guy doing one of his outbursts that he was going to rape him or eat him
or something?
He did chew on his ear a little bit.
He nibbled on his ear.
No question about it.
You show me you've got nibbles on another guy's ear and I think that there might just be
something there.
Especially when he starts chewing on it.
You know what I'm like?
Saving it.
56670560.560.
So my Tyson is on there to keep you happy.
You'll keep you off the streets.
Here's another call from Davie.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon to you.
I got two people.
Two people?
Justin Guarini.
They run out from a Mac and I.
Oh, yeah.
I can't believe anybody.
I can't believe what was on the phone.
I can't believe nobody's called.
It's funny you should mention it.
I have to take the blame because I have the star in front of me.
The one that says Tom's gay battle with Leon and Helmslay on the front.
And on top on the upper left hand corner, American Idol love story.
Kelly and Justin's million dollar wedding is the hell on.
Now I'm going to tell you.
I said to George before the show this morning.
I saw this article.
I looked at his picture and I said he floats like ivory soap.
I mean, he may not be 99% pure like ivory soap, but he certainly floats like a butterfly.
He makes George look straighter than I wrote.
He makes George look like Hercules and Samsung combined.
Hey Neil, real quick.
I got someone to say a George.
I want George to know.
I always roll your friends out there.
I want him to touch up and if he doesn't touch up, I want to go on.
Mr. Campbell is going to come down and stick it right in his ass.
Mr. Campbell?
I don't know.
Maybe he's going to stick some stupid news on.
Anyway, here's the picture Kelly and Justin to wed in one million dollar gone with the wind bash.
I mean, seriously.
Are we all deaf dumb and blind?
Are we really America?
Are we that stupid?
I guess anything that they put on TV and I mean, who knows?
He may be the most virile macho guy since Charlton Heston, since John Wayne, who's real name was Faye.
But nevertheless, see what I'm saying?
His name was Faye.
No, his name was Mary and I know Mary and I know that he was Faye Wayne, your cultural fool.
You better put your up Mr.
You're going to be staring in the next look.
How's your full three if you don't watch it?
560.
560.
You could be Fagador.
You asshole.
Here's Pompano.
Hello?
I beg your pardon?
Yes sir.
How about that F list of his?
I beg your pardon?
Al Gore.
Al Gore.
You know with his F Foundy dumb.
Is everybody who makes funny S sounds as a gay?
Yes.
Oh, ah.
Oh, that was beautiful.
It was kind of like a low-key humor.
They had to understand the very and we said yes like that.
I do, I do have my gay to ride for that.
They're runaway S's.
I'm a person and they're watching TV and I'll scream out.
You hear that?
Get the butterfly net catcher runaway S's.
Always do that.
And I see you do two carless courses we know about you.
It's 1249 at 560 WDQ.
I am Tom Lehman who knows about you too.
I wonder if our friend Tom Lehman and Haloponeck is kin to the Tom Lehman and the harness driver at Pompano Park.
Who wins about one or two a year, huh?
I kind of doubt it.
But that'd be interesting to find out.
Maybe Tom Lehman and Pompano parks through our friend Tom Lehman's name.
I doubt the other way around because our Tom Lehman's been there for about 200 years at Haloponeck.
He and Joe Prieto are buried in new cars, new vehicles.
The factory said, Halop, so many cars they don't place to stick them.
Even Tom's got them all whole bunch of wind up in his driveway at home.
So they would like to place one at yours and unbeatable price.
Halop is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibe.
Starting at a shocking, low price of only $13,998.
And gets you up to $5,000 off at every GMC on-boin stock right now.
Plus gets 0% financing up to a $3,000 rebate when you do your business at Haloponeck.
And as always, they got a big, big fat lot full of affordable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
If any of the other car dealers give you a bunch of crap if they say your credit isn't up to their standard, screw them.
Okay, just forget about that and head for Halop.
Because no matter what your deal is, even if you used to work at QAM, they will cut you a deal somehow.
It's the winner-blizzard emergency clearance sale that's going on right now at Haloponeck GMC.
134-1 South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 right across from the falls open seven days a week.
Same location they've been for over 35 years.
Creighton people great, which is why they're still there.
And as always, you'll save you the norm when you mention my name.
Call right now to the New Rogers Neal D. LaLine Tool 3.
1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211.
For Haloponeck GMC who continues shot from the rooftops, we are professional grades.
Live, local, near-sports radio 560-CUA-M.
The show.
Welcome back to the Superfluous Colonel Inguests of the Mohameda Davidish Open.
Where we got the three-quilers on power rotation for your perusials.
Hey Mo!
What? This better not be about Hoki!
We got special guests today!
No one's allowed in here unless they bring food for their king.
Too late! That already cooked them!
How are ya? Who the hell at ease, my Zermut?
That's the Rick and Sun! You know, drive home with us today!
Sorry!
Never heard of you bum!
Well, I wonder why.
So what do you do?
You got an act?
Yeah!
Oh yeah!
Exactly! Like what?
We spin the wheel.
Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it.
We slam it, you name it.
What's funny about that?
Well, you got a point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question?
You ready to put your hand in toilet bowl?
DAAAAAAA!
You think that's funny, Harry?
Oh, I got loose for you, pal!
You both stink!
I'm a precipious and getting fired at them right now.
What a bummer!
Get out of my place of business!
No!
I don't like something.
One more chance to show me what you got.
I hope this isn't really funny, because I got a really full bladder.
Alright, these are things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings, and I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that?
Yeah! Here we go.
The bigger they are, the harder they...
Get the dick!
Yeah!
What do you do?
Did I give clearance clearance to give you clearance to laugh?
How dare you laugh at me!
I suppose you want to rip me now, huh?
Yeah!
Start licking that.
Would be wild, yeah!
Alright, alright.
I don't even care anymore.
Hey, can I be hold my green face?
Okay!
What are you looking at?
Freckleface family.
And you guys got a condo?
That's condo, mo!
What of?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, adult suds does.
Fine.
And I might as well warn you, I didn't do this today.
Okay.
Now you have to say, spin your meat, Rickenside.
Spin your meat, Rickenside.
Let's do it!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Oh, Gunny.
Hello, what's the matter?
I was shooting first.
Oh, see, I told you it's not my day.
I'm so embarrassed to do this.
I'm sure, if my Jake's funny okay,
this time I'm embarrassed.
I'm asking, what's the point of the poison all?
Oh, God.
Oh, oh, oh, Kleeneck.
No.
I love you, baby, I love you, baby.
I know you're the only you.
Whoa!
I can't see you, but you know you.
I love everything, you know you're my only one.
Oh, what's happening there?
What-what's all this happening there?
Boca Brian.
I just stopped in the midstream.
Please don't tell me that's defective, huh?
How could that happen?
Just in midstream, it's just like stop right like that.
Let's blame the CD player.
Oh, my God, let's not.
Let's blame Boca Brian.
That is, that's outrageous.
Just like right in the middle where we're getting like really heavy doing it,
just cracked out.
Well, that's okay.
We don't have a lot of time anyway.
The reason we're playing around at this is because it kills some time.
And Phil Specter evidently killed that broad ledge.
Land of Clarkson.
I know, I got it right here, 40-year-old Lannock Clarkson,
who is a, what now is he who is a B-N-A-B movie actress yet?
Yeah, and they found her body in the home's front foyer.
She had a really nice pair of natural breasts.
Bond was set at a million dollars, which they obviously raised,
because he's out this morning, he's out and about.
Maybe get some advice from Moe-J.
In fact, his attorney is speaking of that, did you see his attorney is?
No, Bobby Shapiro.
Haha, he's out of your like that.
Attorney Marvin Mitchellson, a close friend of Specter,
is totally associated.
President producer Liv Vellone didn't have a girlfriend.
Oh, you know what they call that.
Mitchellson said he and Specter have been trying to put together a movie about Specter's life.
His mental state has been great, very rational, very together, the lawyer said.
His trademark was the wall of sound, the layering of instrumental tracks,
and percussion which underpinned the string of hits on his filly label in the early 60s,
which I just put it away.
Thank you.
Because that'll more play another one.
I have it stopped in the middle.
The rolling arrangements were the heart of what he called little symphonies for the kids.
Among them, number one hits like the run-outs be my baby,
and the right's his brother's anxious, overplayed you've lost that loving feeling.
Specter co-produced the Beatles final album,
let it be and work with X-Beatle's George Harrison and John Lennon on solo projects after the group broke up.
His recording of Harrison's 1971 benefit concert for Ruralief and Bangladesh
won the 1972 Grammy War for Album of the Year.
The last major album he produced was the Ramones End of the Century in 1980,
which is a coons age ago a long time ago.
Specter married run-outs singer Veronica Boyd to say that, 68 to 474.
In October near our state supreme court throughout a $3 million award suit against Specter
in a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife and two other members of the run-outs,
seeking royalties for the sale of their recordings for use in movies and commercials.
And the judge said, no.
No dice.
How do you like that?
Yeah, how can I have left off this Kelly Clarkson clown?
Off this list, huh?
I take full responsibility.
Not that we know, we're just, again, it's just a gut feeling.
It's just that feeling in the pittier stomach.
In fact, speaking of pittier stomach, this show, don't forget Thursday.
Tonight's Tuesday, we got Smallville tonight.
Is this a new one tonight?
We hope?
You know how to bet.
We've got to be.
We saw the previous last week.
It's got to be.
Got to be a new one.
I've only had a couple.
And then tomorrow, tomorrow is going to be the poster
that they could poster of Tom Walling in Sunsetting.
Right.
The show poster.
The they could show poster.
And then Thursday, but it's not this Thursday.
Next Thursday, you'll have plenty of time to like, re-sub your TV and get set for it.
Are you hot?
That's the name of the show.
The search for Mercos Sexiest People from the creator of the Bachelor.
The clothes come off for two hours Thursday, February 13th,
eight o'clock east in seven central time on ABC.
See?
See this?
I see.
Oh, yeah.
See that, too.
Take a look at this.
Take a look at it again.
Okay.
Just in case you forgot to picture.
Okay.
There's something on that page that almost everybody.
I mean, there's something there.
You might not want to grab all of it, but certainly something there.
Follow what I'm saying?
No.
What do you say?
I'm saying.
Well, go take a shower.
And now that we're done, what we do around here at QM is we all get around with shower together after the show.
We have the station shower.
Passer by on the soap on a rope, just in case.
Let's see.
George's got 119 votes.
Print 67.
I mean, he isn't even close on your behind you.
Bye, bye, bye.
Then your righteous show on classic TV in QA.
I might be for my day.
I'm just pounded silly.
And then whatever comes out, eat it.
