Daddy, guys, say hi to our card!
No? Nothing.
You already gave him us.
We got both of our lunchpacks at the end of the day.
Oh, sorry.
Hey everybody! The game's gone!
I'm just here to offer a super low.
I'm the fourth watcher!
I'm the fourth watcher!
Look at that big guy!
My, oh my!
I'm the fourth watcher!
I'm the fourth watcher!
Look at that big guy!
Think I was a boy!
I threw away my dollhouse toys!
When I saw my first game, I got a swell-up!
Most then, I was in tech!
They privately wear a dress!
Watch an ESPN!
If it's that night, I'm a fourth watcher!
I'm a fourth watcher!
I'm the type of size of his balls!
I'm a fourth watcher!
I'm a fourth watcher!
Look at that!
There's a button now!
I love to listen to the sports radio all day!
And hear about your sports dog!
What the over is at the end!
Is that underwear?
What's over?
I'm underwear!
I know 2.560 WQM!
Now, what kind of a promotion was that?
This morning, I heard my name a little bit there.
At the end of the motion, did you hear that?
God damn it!
Neil God damn it!
Is coming up next, and then Yada Yada Yada,
and Amanda Dogga won, and a Humper!
The King of South Florida Radio Hank Goldberg!
Since when?
When is the Humper the King of South Florida talk?
Is that what it says on his billboards?
God damn it!
I don't know, there was a poor nation.
And that does the Humper have any billboards?
And what about the Mad Dog and what about Moe?
Huh?
Aren't there your general QAM billboards?
No, there's the generic one.
This is we got balls, but that's for the sports nerd games.
Like you just heard that bit.
Yeah.
What about for all the rest of us?
Besides that one that changes every five seconds,
that I'm like one fourth of it,
which means that 75% of the people go on by in a highway by that one on 95%.
75% of them don't see my billboard.
Because it's one out of four.
Are you starting to get it?
Huh?
Sounds like your lid picket.
Sounds like a lawsuit to me.
If he gets my drip.
What are we going to do about poor Wayne Ardell now?
Yeah, at least tomorrow I'll get lunch from Moe and Hudson,
so they know we still love him.
All right.
In spite of his sex-related arrest,
and the fact that they claim he doesn't live in the district
where he's running for a Davy Town Council,
hey Wayne, listen, we don't care whether you're on a Davy Town Council,
or whether you're whipping it out or what you do, we don't care.
We still love you, don't we?
That's what we do.
We love Wayne Ardell, and we love their free food, especially,
and Hudson as well.
Pretty interesting story in a hair like pretty disturbing.
We just say, nah, not really.
And then the thing about the House of Prostitution,
probably a lot of people want to know where the hell that was.
And then the thing about those Swinger clubs,
I think maybe that's why he gravitated to me and to you.
Yeah.
All the votes are perverts,
and then we got Jeff Cohen in there too.
It's your pervert show!
On WQM, where were radio-ish?
Dirty birds of a feather flocking together.
Here's our first call of the day from Cooper City.
It's going to be a good one.
Hello.
Good morning Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Oh, okay.
The pictures yesterday they had for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
Yeah.
Who did that look like?
Ron Jeremy.
Exactly.
Yeah, that's what I said yesterday on the show.
I wasn't listening yet.
No shame on you, sir.
Shame on you.
Did we give you a pass?
No, well, how many do I have to say?
How many hail, Neil, do I have to say?
72.
72?
Yeah.
I will do that, sir.
You have a wonderful name.
Start counting now.
Okay, thank you, sir.
He looks just like Ron Jeremy on a bad day.
Khalid Sheikh, your booty, Mohammed.
Now they embarrassed him.
They broke in there like in the middle of the night,
late at night, who was in his underwears and all of a sudden.
I think it's wonderful.
We're doing a job of rounding up the real evil doors.
Right.
Now let's, let's, how about we put all of our energies into that
instead of this religion-based jihad that the president wants to unleash on Sodom
and the Iraqi people?
See, if you're going to save the Iraq, you have to kill a whole bunch of them first.
If you're going to save the Iraqi people, we're only going to kill the bad ones though, right?
No.
Oh, we don't have time to be that selective.
We're using it.
I mean, we're the war on the terrorism.
That's great.
I think everybody is all in favor of that, including all these other countries that are like foaming at the mouth of the East.
This war on Iraq.
Everybody.
We're all in favor of that.
Let's go get those evil doors, you know?
But as far as like lashing out and using all these excuses and making up all these stories,
I'm not a lot crazy about it.
Hillary likes it though.
All the Hillary basters, including me, will be dismayed by this story, but validated anyway.
Senator Hillary Rodden Clinton fully supports president pushes Iraq policy.
Oi!
The office said last night, on the eve of a visit to an upstate arsenal that makes military hardware like mortars and howitzers for US troops.
Senator Clinton fully supports the steps the president has taken to disarm Iraq of weapons of mass destruction.
Said Clinton's spokesman Philip Reigns, Philippe.
That puts Clinton squarely in odds with the majority in her own party, where one recent pull-up on an Iraq attack is opposed by 66% of court Democrats.
So, as fuller he once again sucking around the edges of everywhere just to make sure that she's, you know,
when the whole thing is over, she can say, oh, well, I was in favor of that.
And now I was against that.
I was in the middle.
I was all over the place.
She makes me sick, you know?
Yeah.
She makes me want to puke that freaking swallery.
Yesterday we asked and I thought we expressed it very clearly.
We had a tremendous response, so somebody must have gotten the question.
But we always have these other people that don't get the pull question every time.
Come up with a lot of inane suggestions like who's like Sodom who's saying?
The Fidel Castro.
Yeah, are they publicly against Florida?
I don't think so.
No!
Last time I checked.
God, some of you people are so freaking stupid.
Who is the most despised or was public figure in South Florida history?
Winning by a landslide.
Nobody can touch him.
Although, you know, Wayne Game will run for his money.
Nobody can even come close to the double murderer in our audience who's probably listening right now.
Oh, man!
Oh, Jay!
333 of the most despised public figure in South Florida history.
That's a long time, O.J., that covers thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
All the way back to the Neanderthal man.
Ever see him and the Neanderthal man together?
No.
Side by each?
The same guy, if you ask me.
Oh, man!
We still invite you to call the show and confess, O.J., come on, do it right here on the air.
Get some publicity that way.
The killin' the call.
Yeah, we know.
333 for O.J., the juice.
H. Wayne High Pinguah 266.
The H. Wayne, they can't stand you.
You're a freaking liar.
We thought you were Santa Claus and you turned out to be the Antichrist.
266.
So let's see, 3467 behind O.J., that's not bad.
It's pretty respectable.
And coming up in a very, very respectable third of Man is only been on the scene for a short time.
I...I...I...
139 votes for Mohawar Davidd.
A very strong third place showing how do you like that, huh?
Very, very strong.
In just a hair under a year, the man is going from security to...
I'm getting pal of it.
2 number 3 on the list of the most despised.
And again, that covers like eternity.
This isn't like just in your lifetime or like 20 years or last five minutes.
This is in South Florida history.
Starting with Punks Delione.
You know, you know, let's rape all three of your big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
Get the G.O.J. a little hard.
Yeah, Geldy's just whining all over town.
I guess Geldy's getting tired of sucking up, you know.
He can't handle it anymore.
What am I going to do at Mo?
That Mo is impossible.
What am I going to do?
Where am I going to go?
You know, that's it between trying to stub a...
a stab a stub.
But now I say that yesterday?
Yes.
Stop the stabbing it.
He's stubbing toward the jugsmeister in the bag.
Anyway, Joe Carrillo was fourth with 94.
So Mo beats out both Joe Carrillo and Alex Penga Pakenia by a wide margin.
Mm-hmm.
Nice going, Irmo.
Joe Carrillo 94.
Alex Penga Pakenia 86.
Iliana Ross-Latin Rosanna-Dana 61.
Janet Reno 53.
I don't know.
That's the aircraft.
Nick Navarro 48.
Ricky Tickey Sanchez 45.
I apologize to the audience.
He was like a lead addition.
And I don't know why.
Out of sight, I don't mind small potatoes.
But if we put him on the beginning, he'd have hopped up a couple of notches.
Mm-hmm.
Dr. James Kennedy 33 from the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Anti-Semitic Homophobic Church.
Speaking of homophobes, he needed Brian 26.
Out of sight, but not out of mind.
Hey, Anita.
Yeah, got any...
She don't have two nickels to rub together.
No.
Raleimartin is 18.
Jorge Mascanosa 16.
He's been dead for almost six years.
But, you know, 16 votes.
Pretty weak.
Can Jenny speak in a week only 15?
Come on.
What the hell happened to your people?
All the swing club people.
They're all in jail.
You mean like Wayne?
Ellis Rubin 13.
Don't be picking on Wayne Arnold now.
Okay, just because he's got this thing.
Hey, besides, what's all that about?
What's all what about?
It's small, you know, it's the people that's small.
That's what I heard.
Xavier Suarez 11.
Peter Bulger 10.
Now we're talking the assassin.
He...
Talk about an evil door.
Talk about somebody who belongs in a padded cell somewhere
who's destroyed more freaking lives in last ten years than all the atarras put together.
Peter Bulger.
The evil one.
Alberto San Pedro had only eight...
Moses don't get upset, only eight.
Larry King had eight.
So he's right up there with Alberto.
Uh-huh.
Meyer Lansky only seven, Mickey Harrison seven.
You know what they got in common?
What?
Jews.
Oh.
John Henry V.
Jose Conzucco IV and Cesar Odius III.
You know what's John Henry and Jose Conzucco right side by each there?
Uh-huh.
With only five and four votes you want to know why?
Why?
What do they have in common?
Sports?
Baseball.
That everybody in South Florida cares about baseball.
We do have the Marlins at the Metz tonight.
Thank God we don't have another one of those exhibition games in the middle of the daytime schedule.
Leafs lost to the Panthers two to one right here last night in Toronto.
Didn't bother showing up.
They missed a team bus to the uh-er Canada center.
It was very predictable.
Very, very predictable.
Hmm.
High school and by the way Stevie Weiss.
Home town boy from here, Marka, Montereo.
Comes back in scores which turn out to be the winning goal.
Nice going Stevie.
I can handle it.
So over 1300 votes on his poll.
Who do they despise the most is the despise figures in the history of this town?
OJ, H. Wayne, I, Pinga, and the Mommister.
I'm getting pounded.
Mr. Mow.
And if you're going to promote the show every day now, well, it's too late.
Like Carol King said, it's too late.
Or like Cornita's brothers and sister Rose said, it's too late to turn back now.
You're not fooling anybody.
Certainly nobody on this show.
Nobody who listens to QM more than two minutes a day.
Too late.
Lashed out at everybody.
Try to get your can.
Try to get me can.
Try to screw with this show.
Try to screw with our lives.
With our livelihood.
With everything.
Poor Zach who was uh- he watched-
I don't know if I figured a mirror that's got to be to see that back.
You know they have those glasses now.
It's not to mention the beast.
And speaking of the beast, did we ever get an update on what happened with him?
Maybe he sank into the earth.
I don't know.
Haven't heard from him.
But what is that all about?
He's our poster child for balance for life.
We got sponsor coming up today.
What are we supposed to do about that?
Winging.
What am I supposed to say?
I mean, you know, I would lie ordinarily because working on QM, you're used to it.
Because that's the name of the game.
A QM is lying.
But, you know, I mean, for the beast, I don't really feel like lying.
The cover up his fat ass.
No, seriously, I think you ought to lie.
I think you ought to call in right now on a bad line or somewhere or talk to somebody
Carlos or anybody and give us a explanation for what else going on with him.
You don't think he went off the wagon, do you?
No, come on.
There's only thing I can think.
Maybe you don't have that.
It happens with these fat bastards.
Yeah, I know exactly what happens with him.
They lie.
They lie and then they die.
No, but I'm saying they lie and then they uh-
Then they go into hiding.
As if it is just in case we can't see him or grab a hold of him, we're not going to know that he ballooned back up.
I don't know that for a fact, but we sure as hell want to hear from the god damn beast, okay?
Since this is Neil God damn it, according to Mo.
That was pretty cute, Mo.
I'm getting tired.
Good.
Nobody enjoys it more than us here on his show and nobody deserves it more than you do.
That's what Geldy said.
All the angst you caused him, he just can't handle it.
Man, he's getting ready to crack the little Geldy Meister.
They're all going to be out of derailed and aren't talking golf the rest of the week.
Wow.
913 at 560 WQM, how many times did you hear about an opportunity and you just couldn't pull the trigger, you didn't grab it.
When your hand was right next to it and you missed out.
Well right now is one of those times rarely does an opportunity interrupt you but this one should.
3.45% financing with financial group column tool free 180940 land.
How long were these low interest rates last?
Who knows, it's face?
But when you look back on history not very long, it's a window of opportunity.
Go through it with financial group and get you 3.45% financing and save thousands and thousands lots of money.
3.45% financing, not bad.
Call financial group tool free.
By the way, Todd Wreckley heard his skiing out in Colorado.
And we sure hope it doesn't break his neck.
Call financial group tool free at 180940 land.
That's 180940 L.E.N.D.
Level 3.45% financing in your monthly payments.
Here's some examples for you.
A $200,000 loan will cost you only 900 bucks a month.
A $100,000 loan only $450 a month.
So don't wait till the balls rolling do it right now.
Call financial group 180940 land or an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice.
5.34 APR.
5 and the local.
This is 560.
The rate is all yours now.
2 and.
And now it's time for our longest is dedication.
It's from Hank Goldberg.
And he writes, please play the air that I breathe.
And dedicate it to my Kim Basinger blow up doll.
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all.
Zydefax.
Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect.
Zydefax.
Isn't it time you experienced Zydefax?
May cause loss of blood, loss of hearing, loss of virginity.
Vertigo, impotigo, impotence and imprisonment, shrinkage of the genitals,
and largement of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool,
loose tools, barstools, toes, tools, huge free historic bats,
swooping out of the sky, eating your dog.
Halletosis, honeyberry, berry, berry, berry, manolo, recto-bleeding,
recto-nunnus, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth,
cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death.
Zydefax is perfect for everyone.
Not intended for women who are pregnant women who are men, men who are pregnant,
children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant the elderly,
the young kitty cats, Steve Perry, tadpoles, tadpoles who are pregnant and pregnant pauses,
in disfambers like these.
Ask your doctoral pharmacist about Zydefax, and find out if it's responsible
for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm fit.
Zydefax.
I love that.
Let's just play that for four hours today, get a 90-year-old easy, go for it.
Got a bunch of butt-sucking faxes here that I'll have to get to.
Had that one call already right out of the box, I mean, he didn't have much to say,
although he just didn't hear me say yesterday about Ron Jeremy.
Right.
At least he had good eyesight.
That's good.
From Carl Springs, we had a call already today.
I'm solicited without doing any pool, without tipping my head of what the pool is going to be.
Let's see if we can get one more.
Okay.
W-Q-I-M.
I had a call already today.
Yeah, he's doing it.
Okay.
Yeah, I just moved down here from Cleveland.
And, uh, first time listener.
Are you a game, man?
I'm out of your pardon?
Are you a game, man?
Why do you want to date?
Yes.
Yeah, he wants to date.
Why just care about what you mean?
I don't know.
I just can't wait to see no wonder.
The most, here's our pool today.
Well, like I said, maybe we'll get a real call here on count.
W-Q-I-M.
Sorry, I picked it up to fast, try it again.
Quit picking, quit picking, I was up you, idiot.
What is wrong with you, man?
W-Q-I-M.
How long?
No!
Yeah.
See, this guy has no more material.
He used to do that in the beginning of the call.
And then he'd say something.
Now he can't even do that.
This is really bitterly disappointing, you know what?
I was going to get to today's pool, but I'm tired of giving them a pool.
And then the whole show they got called and, uh, how about Albuquerque, no Mexico, you know?
Right.
Because today's pool is the most overrated city in the world, which we'll get to.
But in the meantime, I want to hear a lot of good material, don't you?
Yeah.
What were you laughing about?
I'm sick and tired of having a spoon feed.
A bunch of fricking adults down there, okay?
Like this last guy.
This last guy used to at least be, you have something after that, you know?
Maybe that was some other guy that all of the time.
No, that's not some other guy.
That's the guy, you know what I mean?
The hello, Neil Guy, and then I entertain his attempt to be amusing,
which margin will on a scale of zero in a minus column?
W-Q-I-M?
Oh, gosh, no, it was too fast.
So if you're gonna, if you're gonna, I couldn't hear a word he said, what do you say?
Paul Kastanovo is a duty bag, I don't know.
No, duty bag, yeah.
W-Q-I-M, in addition to which we already know that.
W-Q-I-M.
Ooga.
Ooga.
W-Q-I-M?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Can you play, uh, George tapes, please?
Could I play what?
George tapes, like all the rerun George tapes?
No.
You can't really all, man.
Yeah, yeah, so are you.
Pondress.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, let's dig out some old George tapes, and the rest of the week we're gonna be doing that.
I'm getting really old, yeah, about 90.
About 30.
About 30, man.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M.
Damn, Francisco.
Doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi, doi.
W-Q-I-M?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just, uh, you're getting the overrate, most overrate city in the world today, correct?
No, no, no, no, I don't want suggestions for the pool.
I just, I just said that's what the pool is gonna be.
Right away, this guy wants to name me, you know, like Ipsiline, Michigan.
We're not doing that yet.
We'll get to that in a few minutes.
Now, this is sad.
The town, there are like five million people there, you know?
Yeah.
And there aren't ten of them who've got any goddamn thing to say.
This is tragic.
This is pathetic.
I heard that this graceful display this morning on the mole-mice to show it here for a few minutes.
It was enough to make me, it was kind of amusing actually.
Enough to make me gag on it.
But this grace, an absolute disgraceful display of stupidity and inanity, I loved it.
We need a lot more of that on that show, might actually, because you know, that trendy head in January, you won't see that again.
You think?
Uh, well, you know, go talk.
Highly unlikely.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey, Neil, what's up, man?
Hi, don't, sir.
Hey, check out, you see me, my folks last time at NBC.
Did I see what?
Meet my folks?
Yeah, it's just, hello.
Oh.
All right, I'm talking fine, honey, on that show.
Three sets of twins.
Yeah.
And roll up in there for this one guy, right?
And this one guy has to pick a set of twins.
And the folks, his folks have to pick the twins.
So they're like seeing that rolling into the, uh, jacuzzi takes one set of twins.
And jacuzzi, he's like, true to death.
He's like, well, y'all take your top self for me.
And there's like, you know, I don't know if you like this, and I'm a little bit more straight
guy, too.
But anyway, so, you know, they're taking the top self and all and everything.
And like, the first coat of, no, I can't do that.
Well, then I got a video camera, like, to the bathrooms that are parents are watching this,
right?
So then the second, the twins come in.
Four-I-N-E.
I'm talking bull throttles, anyway.
Did they talk it right?
And they're like, well, take your top self and they go, no, no, he goes, I want both of you
are a kid, so they need something making out when he's like, both of them are kissing the same
time.
I'm talking bull throttles.
I got wooded out to here, you know, all the way down my leg, right?
Anyway, so they're exactly, so then the third chick come out and they're like, a tie in,
Mexican a tie in, right?
And they're like, you know, and they're like, next time, they're like, they're going over there.
And then they get in there and then they take the top off where their mom's watching it,
comes down and like, fast down and they have to put the top back on and everything.
So it was great.
It was totally great.
It beat the, you know, men by men by men by, I told them, you know, with twins and all that.
Okay, go like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
I'm going to the website at www.dryconcept.com to see the amazing things they can do for you Don't forget to dry concepts screen today and entertain tonight
I'm going to the website at www.dryconcept.com to see the amazing things they can do for you Don't forget to dry concepts screen today and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain
and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain
and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain
and entertain tonight and entertain tonight andIG 2500 and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight and entertain tonight with a duly
with my-playful stuff
And that looks like a variety of twins
I'm a death lie, needn't do the left of it all
To the left of it all need a lot to the right
And now all it all, diplomatic side, dip, diplomatic side
Stop all monomony, all the rectacies
Start to feel the little ill and ease
We're all the fillet, he's everybody to the princess
Now you feel that dinner's straight at your home
And dinner's straight at your home
It's a continental house
continental house
Have a done a walk-o
Have a done a walk-o
It's right at your latest point
Tell your lay-down, hang in there and try to keep on trucking
Plenty to keep on trucking
One step at a time
One step at a time
You just like the mama says, make good on your promises
Everybody to the princess
Now you're just like the mama says, make good on your promises
Everybody to the princess
All right, will he either, will he won't?
It's up to Hillary, everybody to the princess
Now you feel that dinner's straight at your home
And dinner's straight at your home
And dinner's straight at your home
And dinner's straight at your home
When you go to Neoronters.com, there's all bunch of bedtime stories
My favorite of the, and I guess, proletons which were nine to the monsters
Well, how to kill a radio station?
I thought I was written by Greg Reed, but it's a story of WNEW FM
And Opian Anthony and what happened at that station and went into here crack-o
How to kill a radio station?
Certainly could be written by Greg Reed, couldn't it?
You betcha, man
If anybody knows how to do it, he's the evil doer
Anyway, here's our poll today speaking on Neoronters.com
The most overrated city in the world is
I was inspired because all this crap about Marty Grah
Yeah
No, Linz, man
The big easy, first of all
I hear them say the big easy makes me want to upchuck
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know
Huh?
Like it's easy to get laid?
I don't know
I really don't
Easy to get drunk, easy to get nauseated
Not like here
The most overrated city in the world is and I got a list of five so far
New Orleans, New York, Miami, Los Angeles
And George suggested Amsterdam, although I have no idea why you'd say that
Even though I've heard out
Huh?
Because we hear a lot of good things about it and you're saying your sour on it now
So that means it's the most overrated city?
I think I'm going to be voting for New Orleans, but you can make some suggestions for it
I don't want to like, you know, cut you off at the pass
But it just gets pretty ponderous that the entire calling audience well
What we're doing yesterday?
Oh yeah, about the names
How about Xavier Suarez?
How about the, yeah, that's very difficult
It requires a lot of thinking, a lot of verbal intercourse on a part of the sound flow of the audience
They just don't have it, although we have had in the first half of our today a couple of real winners on there, haven't we?
Yes, I like to get it once just to play the George tapes
He was good, yeah
Here's a fact that says, dear Mr. Rogers, and now now they're getting around with a little bit better late than ever
Be late to congratulations on 27 years of broadcasting excellence
Considering the noticeable heart aches you had to put up with from the B's they broadcast group these past three years
I'm surprised you decided to hang in there this long
You can thank Mitch Hirsch for that
Gerard
But thank goodness for us you have my wife and I have been avid listeners to your show for the past seven years
And you've provided us with endless hours of laughter and peer enjoyment
It's regrettable that the Beasley broadcast group won't contribute the same adequate support and resources you when you show deserve
But it will unconstantably pledged into about all our possible resources
To either swill to borrow word from you shows that the Beasley broadcast group has their stables
These other shows can only aspire to be in the same league as you
And you are
Absolutely correct
Correct, thank you Gerard. Thanks very much
This is cute
Congratulations, Neil nine years ago I was hudded by all of the fine craftsoft photo has to offer
But you described how great Las Vegas was so one day I got fed up
Packed up my belongings, got the hell out of dodge
Well I've been living the good life in Vegas ever since thanks to you
I get to listen to you on the internet while being far away from all the blue hairs
Smelly Canadians, New Yorkers or Cafe Cubanos
You are truly God happy anniversary
Eric and Vegas, how do you like that?
I guess you better put Las Vegas down too on the list
I guess before somebody else does
Yeah, we'll put it on there
Beat to the punch
I mean I'm not seeing it's overrated and I do a lot
See there's another example
I love Vegas just like I love Amsterdam
I'm just not ready to go back anytime soon
You got it?
I got it
Well overrated means overrated doesn't mean it's a bad place
Yeah
That's all
Are you explaining my pull back to you?
No, no to the audience
Because all you know
And that won't do any good, have you learned that plan?
Yeah, yeah
God are you slow?
You could draw them a diaphragm it wouldn't do any good
Arda
Let's see, here's the facts first I think the Turkish parliament did the right thing
Yadi Yadi Yadi, first we want to monitor the storm now that he is starving well in a part
Yeah, we want regime change now, you better get with it sir
He says, oh yeah, Moe is an asshole
He's such a homophobic old coot
I think yeah, old coot is the operative term
The old pipe snoker
Jack the cops is happy 27th anniversary in celebration we should all go put a big fatty in our poos
There you go Jack
Oh
Put a big fat one in your poos
That's what Wayne Arnold said
Of course he's talking about Rochester white huts
Of course in my case that'll be a Lissin Seattle president that says Jack the cop
Here's hoping we all get to listen to at least another 27 years of greatness from the God of South Florida radio
I hear I'm getting pretty old and we better put George tape songs when I'm here
Yeah, some old George
Pretty old and ponderous is what I'm hearing
Not like some of that exciting radio like castrenova
For example
We're like the molemeister some of that real excitement let's do golf all day tomorrow and all day on Thursday and all day on Friday from deraille
What do you say? Okay
Okay
We ought to be out there don't you think?
Why not?
Look at this American children are trying to masturbate with electronic abdominal exercise machines
This is like that guy who put his thing in the lathe that time remember?
Yeah
We have that too by the way still
I know I'm not going to play that again
But you're out of control today just because the guy wanted to hear an old George tape
I mean don't get the took your way away with the plate
I'm going to give Duff your home number so we can start calling you and bugging you every day with a bunch of stupid crap
Don't call me anymore okay Duff
Whether it's a message from Greg or a message from Zenda
I don't want to hear about it
Bug me
You know what he didn't stop it and say hi to us this morning?
He did
Didn't say hi to me
It was a little late for that
Yeah
A little bit late
As usual that's the story of his life a little bit late
Just like clearance
By the way, clearance next Monday is payday the 10th I just mentioned that now to get ahead start
Because I know it's a real real big son of the dance
And I don't want to have to sue the company to get paid
Anyway this is from freehold Iowa
The land over Baptist Board of Directors approved a $2.5 million budget for creation scientists to open a four-year investigation into an abdominal exercise tool called the Abtoner
You've seen the infomercials for the Abtoner?
Sure have
The budget was approved last month after several Christian children were hospitalized in over a week's time
Is this for real or is this a joke?
Donut?
It says at first I thought this website article was a joke but it's not
Each Christian child suffered similar injuries on and around their buttocks and penises
Church investigators found the youngsters used their parents' credit card to purchase the Abtoner from 4 a.m.
Infomercial broadcast through a secular TV station in Des Moines, Iowa
It took under one minute of viewing commercially for Satan that of the voice minds
And they began thinking of a way they could wrap the device around their penises said one Christian psychiatrist is a caca
Isn't it?
It must be
It's got to be caca
I mean it looks like a real thing but then everything looks for real you know what I'm saying?
Everything looks for real it turns out to be a caca bone
Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and team horizon line the most overrated city in the world
I bet your Miami gets a couple of votes. I'm voting for norlins myself. I usually don't tell you upfront. That's going to get my vote
And we can go ahead and put that on there. I don't know if you're going to dilly dally like you've used to during the break
Well why haven't you fasted already?
Because I didn't know we were done with the other.
We're not done. Didn't I explain this to you yesterday Carlos?
Yes
We don't have to wait until we're done. It's pretty obvious we're not done if we were done.
Why would I be mentioning it to the audience?
Jesus, K Christ man. God are you stupid?
Man, I think Greg had a point.
Maybe that's what he keeps trying to scratch off the top of his head.
How to kill a radio station by Greg Reed. Nice job Greg. You're doing it.
So what day do we go back to 10 to 2?
Tomorrow.
Since this show is the cornerstone of the station.
Yadi yadi yadi and all the other bull crap that they're always telling me.
Oh yeah and we're going to really take. Yeah I noticed a real real hurry.
I guess we're going to have to sue on that too.
Now that all this lawsuit talk is flying around and everybody's acting like they just, you know,
are doing laughing gas in that place.
10 to 2 that's where it's at.
This is where they started the absolute demolition of this radio station.
Greg Reed in his infinite wisdom.
First he messed with a morning show that he messed with a time slot.
He's got a mess is what he's got right on his hands.
Looks like he stuck him right on the toilet. You know what?
I've his hands stink from the stench.
Wouldn't you think you'd think he'd stink 942 at 560 WQM if you're working for a bug plug.
If you're not making any money, here's the answer for you.
According to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have big impressive paychecks.
That's what everybody wants. A big fat one.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand.
Fast-tracking up you achieve that new high paying computer career in just four short months.
They've got locations in Kindle, Miami for a long time and now in Pembert Pines.
And with day evening weekend schedules, there's no excuse to stay in that dead end job another day.
Just say goodbye to your crap hole boss.
Say goodbye to those $2.75 an hour jobs and start making a real living.
Just call our friends at Fast Train. They'll turn out to how it works.
Call 1-866 Fast Train. That's 1-8 train even the call is free.
Fast Train's got full time job placement guaranteed financing.
Call them out or check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com.
So you can have a big impressive paycheck.
1-866 Fast Train and be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call.
See you in Miami, low. This is 420 of ICT.
2 AM.
Did he chuck it or did he cock it?
The axis of evil. You've heard about it.
But until now you've only heard half the story.
Now you can experience the softer side of evil.
When you join the axis of evil fan club.
I can't.
Not that kind of club, Saddam.
Oh, sorry.
The axis of evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France.
And when you join, we'll send you an autographed 8x10 glossy of one of the evil but lovely wacky nut jobs who runs Iran.
And dear into that best wishes for an untimely death.
You so very much deserve regards your loving mull up.
Plus when you join the axis of evil fan club.
The dog eating evil doers of North Korea will include a beautiful axis of evil t-shirt with this peace loving message.
Check it out.
It says I joined the axis of evil fan club and all I got was this lousy t-shirt.
So therefore I deserve to die.
Whoa, that's so cool.
And best of all joining is easy.
Send no money.
Just keep questioning the wisdom of naming names in the war on terrorism and your remember of the axis of evil fan club.
Join today.
946-560-WQA.
And the poll is up just one up only moments ago and we'll be adding to it.
You notice my photos on there?
Yep.
The most overrated city in the world is.
And there's one vote on it.
It's mine for New Orleans.
Oh, but Marty grots great man.
You go there and get drunk.
Like he was the same thing I've ever been to Key West.
Although I have been to New Orleans.
All I hear about in Key West is everybody getting drunk and a bunch of fags running around.
Well, what's a big deal with that?
I don't know.
You told me.
I mean, you can go to Amsterdam if you want to talk about your fags running around and a lot of other people too.
A lot of strange people.
And Amsterdam, I even know I've never been to Key West.
I am fairly certain that Amsterdam is a lot more interesting and exciting than Key West.
You know who goes to Key West?
Who?
People like Muff.
Yeah.
People like that.
Although he was an Amsterdam to us, so I take that back.
The most overrated city in the world is New Orleans, New York, Bime La Sangerles.
Amsterdam, Las Vegas, or now added to it.
We got one here.
Paris.
It says the food sucks, the people suck, and the view from the Eiffel Tower peels in comparison to the view from the Empire State Building.
So we got Paris on there.
You don't get any argument for me.
Would I go back?
No.
Not on a bet, not with your money.
Not with George's money.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And for Rise of Marliss Line.
WQAM.
Yeah.
A benefit with Bubba.
You will be disagreeing with George.
Oh, get out of here with that same crap.
The same terrible crap.
Are we talking about Bubba?
Are we talking about the war?
No.
Jesus, the same old tired garbage man.
In addition to which Bubba didn't start a war with Iraq.
They talked about it.
And Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz were like, oh, let's get going in 98.
Same tired garbage man.
Some of you people need mental health.
Need to be in a freaking rubber room.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And for Rise of Marliss Line.
Do it screenless and look at that phone.
Pretty weak, huh?
That'd be a long.
And here I, you know, why even say, you know, right?
Here I thought for just a second.
Yeah, I thought we might have turned the corner today.
Why would we do that?
No.
WDQAM.
Yeah, you missed somebody on the poll yesterday.
Yeah.
Neal Rutgers.
Neal Rutgers.
Neal Rutgers.
Well, yeah.
How many calls is this today?
Four.
Sixteen.
Yeah, 16.
56670560, pound 560 on the road.
And you said what it is voice to be.
AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
He's working on it.
He's doing a bunch of different ones.
Kind of like Geltie.
By the way, Geltie is very upset with Moe as when I'm here.
Very, very upset.
Getting really, I guess he's stressed at the point of cracking.
You know, first his voice started cracking.
That was when he first came on a year.
But now he's just mentally.
He started to like come on glued and bellyache and then bitching and moaning.
And you can understand that, you know.
After having to put up with all the stress, having to like toe the line, watch every word, watch the facial expressions.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
Huh?
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk to Neal.
Speaking.
Oh, hey, Neal.
It's Alan from Weston.
I just want to tell you I really enjoyed your show.
I'm one of the people who listens to conservative hate radio.
I love your show.
I think your bitch is really creative.
What does that mean?
You listen to conservative hate radio.
What does that mean?
I'm being facetious.
What is facetious in well way?
What does that mean?
Hey, a lot of people don't see the value in people's shows who have different views than they do.
But I even know you are not of the conservative Elk.
I enjoy your creativity and your honesty.
Okay.
Thanks, Alan, for one of the most boring calls I've ever heard in my life.
God, was that pathetic or what?
I didn't really understand it.
He's a conservative and he listens to rush and to...
I see.
Whatever the guy, the Schmidt-Mister and all that crap.
But he enjoys my comedy bits and he's trying desperately for a personality transplant.
Alan, come on.
Go out there and like stick your head out of the window.
Get some fresh air.
Try to life and it up just a little bit.
Of course, he's the right winger, so I'd expect, you know.
No, say, hear me say, I'll key.
WQA in.
What's going on?
Yes, sir.
How's the weather?
How's the weather? Where?
In Miami?
Toronto.
Hot and humid in Miami.
On a chilly cider, but not like yesterday.
And about 37 today, not bad.
Heat wave.
Yeah, I'm in Kansas City.
It's about four years.
Get out of here already.
Get out of here.
Don't put him on again, goddammit.
Carlos.
Sorry.
Yeah, nice going, you idiot.
And I don't believe that guy's in Kansas City at all anyway.
I don't think he's in Kansas City.
He might be in Okitobi or so maybe in Pahokie.
Oh, here's another facts.
Happy 27th and many more years of sound metal health in this insane world.
Thought you enjoyed this excerpt from Canadian TV.
Well, that's cute.
Thank you so much, but I don't have time to read that while I'm on here.
But thank you very much.
WDQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
So, quote Larry King, the worst talk radio show I've ever heard is the morning show.
Ever since football ended, they have nothing to talk about.
Are you not, are you not in Mo again?
He's gone.
He was one of the co-workers.
No, I've already ever heard in my life with NW out of the.
What is it?
I was just told.
He sounded like one of the guys that called this morning.
The first one that started the ball rolling with Mo this morning.
He was one of those people bashing Mo.
Well, they're in a bashing mood today.
You could tell that for whatever reason.
Maybe there was somebody peed on their parade down there.
I have no idea.
But he had just a series, a whole entourage of misfits called this morning.
We're picking up where he left off.
So that's good.
We like it.
See, we don't take it personal on this show.
We don't get all huffy and bent out of shape and self-righteous and indignant as well.
Contribute something to the show.
I'm not a pompous old ass.
I'm just an old ass, but not pompous.
And sometimes not so bad having an old ass, you know.
Better not have an NES.
That's what the beast has probably seen.
Did he ever check in?
Did we hear anything about it?
We thought it was a message.
I called his cell phone and let me see.
Oh, well, what's the story with him?
Did not answer something.
What kind of crap is that?
We got a high paid client on here.
A very important one.
We got a very important radio show at least used to be before Greg Reed dick with it.
But, you know, still we got somebody listening out there.
And we can't even find out what's going on with a guy who's supposed to be our guinea pig.
Evidently he's living up to half of that anyway.
I don't think he's a titan.
That's tragic.
You know, just to leave us holding the sack like that.
Maybe something happened to him having forbid.
Oh, God.
Forbid.
Huh? You think?
No.
Well, what do you mean no?
He's just out of circulation.
He's been busy.
Who the hell knows?
He's been busy doing what?
Eating?
Yeah.
Maybe he's out on the road.
Maybe he's out on another cruise.
Oh, wouldn't that be nice?
Well, W-D-Q-A-M.
Hola.
Click.
Was it a quick click?
W-D-Q-A-M?
Yeah, I can speak to me.
How about your pardon?
I can speak to me.
What do you want to talk about?
Oh, I just wanted to add something on your poll.
Yeah.
Maybe L-A.
Yeah.
It's already on there.
It's already on there.
Puts.
What do I just get through saying the most overrated city in the world is follow my lips very closely.
We've only got a few here to start.
New Orleans.
Oh, look at that.
Miami's got 15 already.
I just looked over there to see.
I just buy accident.
New York.
Miami.
Los Angeles.
It was the fourth one I mentioned, sir.
Amsterdam.
Las Vegas.
And Paris.
Gay Paris.
You should know that, sir.
Gay Paris.
Gay Paris.
Those are the first seven that we got.
And we're waiting to see what other ones you might have in mind.
And of course, hopefully places that you've been.
Not a place that you maybe heard about like George with his Amsterdam.
What are you talking about Amsterdam when you've never been?
I've never been there for you.
You know, you were waiting very highly.
Well, that's not, we're not not interested in rumors.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm interested in secondhand smoke.
I vote for it.
We want for a tan like if you said hell on a Montana, then maybe I'd put it down there.
Who's who's saying good things about that?
Nobody.
But I'm just saying if they were just in case somebody does someday.
Or like if Salani Michigan.
Or maybe connected in New York would be good.
Who?
How about Cherry Hill, New Jersey?
That was a good place and when I used to have a few white people live in there.
Yeah.
Then they do work.
Well, like I said, whoever's saying that about that toilet, that sewer.
Not even the people that live there.
I want to apologize to all the people from Jersey for the fact that you have to be from there.
Most people from Jersey, they see if they're from New York.
I know.
And I don't blame them because the whole state stinks.
Not our whole state in New Jersey.
Cherry Hill is a beautiful place.
And I do like that ponziose.
That restaurant I keep forgetting the name of.
It's a really nice place.
Good food.
And I used to like the right in the state park, which is now closed.
I can't imagine why.
WDQAM.
Oh, yes.
Sandy Ago California.
Is overrated?
Yes.
This is not big time.
Okay, thank you very much.
Sandy Ago.
The nevets just shipped out of the Sandy Ago yesterday.
Did you see that?
Nope.
We're sending every soldier in the world over there to the, to let the Sodom have what for.
And of course on the way, maybe they'll make a stop in North Korea after that.
And then the little episode yesterday that intercepted the, where condesons playing.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I'm sure you did.
I did.
And they like kind of menacing.
See, this is what happens when everybody is in evil door.
That Molly Ivens column from yesterday, I almost decided to read it on here.
It was so good because I'm sure that not too many people read it on our website.
I'm not going to do it because I don't want to read bedtime stories.
But it was really good.
And she said just like it was about how the bushmeister how he started all this crap.
I'm opening up a big mindless mouth.
Where the hell is that?
We got sure you had a lot of them today.
Don't we?
Yes.
Carlos same too many.
Yes.
I were too many.
Well, there's a lot of good ones.
Oh, here's Molly Ivens column.
Where she talks about how he opened up his big push on North Korea.
She says let's review the bidding in North Korea review.
The bidding is a bridge term for how the hell did we get out of this mess?
Right.
But how bush humiliated President Kim Dae-jung of South Korea during his visit to Washington by announcing we would not support his sunshine
initiative to improve relations between the Koreas for which Kim Il-jung had won the 2000 Nobel Peace Prize.
Yeah.
The end day Jung.
North Korea been sending lots of signals.
It was ready to deal ready to open up and make concessions.
But the Bush administration denounced it as a rogue state and used it as a prime excuse to promote the national missile defense system.
Bush, ever these soft spoken diplomats told a reporter that he loathes Kim Jong Il on a visceral level and called the dictator a pig-me.
True.
Kim Jong Il is vertically challenged than a repellent dictator but insulting paranoics with nooks is not smart.
He says it's a good column by Molly Ivens.
But we don't want to read those bedtime stories because they might contain a little bit of truth.
Lie in local time.
We're sports radio five 60s.
You ain't got you, A.M.
God, get off this instantly.
I'm throwing up.
I'm throwing up.
I sure enjoy a better day.
But in the end I'm gonna pay.
Drinking brutish colored green.
Know that don't make me feel pain.
Better get out of my way.
Then to the ladies who my run.
Like I was shot out of a gun.
Got those hands over my face but I'm gonna lose the race.
Stand back, let's hear it comes.
I'm throwing up.
They never show this on chairs.
Up, up, it's even coming out of my ears.
Had some Guinness in the mud.
Now it is all over the run.
Wish I was wearing plastic shoes.
I just can't hold my booze.
It really pulls some chun.
Throw up, up, up.
I'm throwing it up right here.
Up, up, you better not stand near.
Up, up, I throw up every year.
Oh, I'm throwing up, I'm throwing up.
I'm throwing up, I'm throwing up.
So if you've ever been in New Orleans that's what you do there.
You drink a lot of crap and then you throw up.
And then you eat all that caged crap.
All that real spicy stuff that'll turn your kishkis inside out.
Yeah, blocking everything.
Yeah, your insides get blackened and your heart will be dirty as well.
Let's see, the most overrated city in the world we got 98 votes.
In just a matter of moments there, they feel strong about this, I guess.
They feel strong about it.
Looks sounds impressive.
Miami 29, New Orleans 26.
We got a battle going on.
Paris 17, gay paris, Vegas 8.
Now why would anybody?
I put that on there because I knew we'd get some votes.
But why would people say that?
Because it's very highly rated.
Maybe they lost a lot of money.
Maybe they were disappointed.
That's my comment.
Anybody who says Vegas is overrated.
I mean, sure you get burned out.
You can only go back and make so much of a contribution.
But that doesn't make it overrated.
It just means you're like, yeah, it's like saying, chat opening on.
Or a great filet mignon is overrated.
No, it's not.
It's just you don't want to eat one every day, right?
Right? Right?
Well, every other day maybe.
You might want some away in Arnold's White Hots.
Los Angeles 8.
Los Vegas are 9 for LA 8 for Vegas, which I still don't get it.
Although we put it on there.
New York 7, Amsterdam 4.
Out of 105 votes.
Miami's got 32 in the Orleans 27.
That's where the horse races.
Just like yesterday, we had a little bit of a race between OJ and Wayne.
Old Baldy.
Newsweek magazine is coming issue.
This next one that's coming out.
What's the date on it?
March 11th.
Okay.
March 10th.
March 10th.
George W. Bush and God.
And here's a picture of Bush with Jesus behind him on the big mural behind him.
George W. Bush rises ahead of the dawn most days when the loudest sound outside the White House is the dulled distant war of F-16s patrolling the skies.
Even before he brings his wife Laura Mourne cup of coffee, he goes off to a quiet place to read alone.
Not news, not overnight intelligence.
He's reading book of evangelical mini sermons.
It's called my utmost for his highest.
And that you thrusted this.
It goes out about 600 pages.
I have no idea why I printed out the whole damn thing.
Wow.
I could just as easy go out and buy newsweek.
But it's worth reading.
We didn't put this on it.
Did we yet, Carlos?
No.
We'll do this tomorrow.
Don't let me forget.
Bush and God.
It is his defining journey from reveler to revelation, a biography of his faith and how he wields it as he leads the nation on the brink of war.
Because God told him, let's go in and kill some of those shmata heads, I guess.
And newsweek took this pool.
Newsweek in MSNBC was there in a bed together?
Yeah.
60,000 votes.
Does George W. Bush's religious faith inappropriately dictate policy?
Yes, only 30%.
Say, church and status are supposed to be separated, 30%.
No, 68%.
What's wrong with bringing morality to the White House?
And I don't know 3%.
How do you like that?
Better than two to one saying, oh no, let's bring some, see, and of course, they confuse morality and religion.
Right.
Which by frankly, I thought that they were like completely contradictory.
They are.
I thought throughout history, most of the people that got killed in the name of religion, it was an immoral act.
To excuse like going down there and killing.
Saving a bunch of people by killing them would be an immoral act.
I thought, but I guess I was confused.
So of course, to show you about the good overligious USA, which is one of the biggest problems, here's one that says Philadelphia.
It says all there is is a crack bell, cracked nutty nasty fans and crack heads.
And it's also close to Cherry Hill, New Jersey, right?
And also the cream cheese is fattening.
Okay, Philadelphia, I'll go for it.
I'll bite, so to speak.
They do have those affiliate cheese steaks, sandwiches, but you don't have to go there to get one.
For lots of bad things about Philadelphia, you know, they bring it up.
Like what?
Like that.
Like that it's filthy, Philadelphia.
It is filthy, but other than that, it's okay.
Crime infested.
Yeah.
But what big city isn't crime infested in the US?
Well, it's all relative.
I mean, if that's the only thing you can say about it.
Yeah, how many murders we had in Toronto all last year?
I don't know, eight, 60.
Okay.
All last year.
The majority of them, by the way, with guns, they were brought in from the US like Detroit and Cleveland.
I don't want to see who brought them in, but nevertheless, let's see if you haven't had a pull on who America is.
Should be more concerned about going more with it.
Yeah, we've already done that.
Sorry.
Of course, if North Korea had oil, we'd be going after them.
Okay, I already done this a long time ago, J.K., but thanks to any for the impassioned suggestion.
I don't want to do war talk today, do you?
No.
Well, what's there to say?
In fact, there's John Ascroft.
You're a bull.
Al Qaeda that could destabilize their terrorist network.
Well, good.
And let's have a party.
Okay, let's talk one of the money.
I thought Uncle Teddy was supposed to be the first step.
Let's all stand down and have a party.
What is it?
Wasn't Teddy Kennedy supposed to be making another speech?
That's...
That was on there a little while ago.
I don't know.
Is he making a speech?
Yeah, but I can't find it now.
He said, let's all go get drunk.
And he said something like that.
I think that's a good idea.
We got this Mohammed Shakyabudi, whatever this guy's name is, Khalid.
They're all named Khalid or Mohammed or something like that.
All these evil doers?
Yes.
And we got him and we got all the crap.
We got a treasure trove of info is what they said.
A treasure trove.
God.
Sounds like an ad for something you open up on Valentine's Day or Christmas Day.
It's a treasure trove of goodies.
This was a surprise.
It's so sad.
It's so sad that the people are such a bunch of sheep and they get let around by the nose.
And here's A and here's one and two and it makes seven.
What?
Yeah, one and two makes seven.
Oh, okay.
Whatever you say.
A whole bunch of these people, if they told them to go to the edge of a cliff and jump and they'd be okay.
They'd land right under her feet.
Oh, sure.
Whatever you say.
I believe you.
Oops.
They get about a third of the way down.
They say maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all, you know.
Forty for Miami is the most overrated city in the world.
I can't imagine why anybody.
Oh, we see Miami, of course.
We're talking about South Florida.
Right.
We're talking about Dayton Broward.
Greater Miami, right.
Glacier.
Glacier, whatever it is.
These people had rave about, oh, it's so wonderful.
You know, I don't care what anybody says.
I've been here for almost 30 freaking years.
What's so great?
When I got there, it wasn't so bad.
Maybe I'll take the blame.
Okay.
When I got there, it was okay.
And now it must be my fault.
I must have brought all those illegal aliens in 1980.
Carlos, didn't you?
No, that was governor Bob who wants to be president now.
He went down there, walking with open arms and legs.
Hey, yeah.
Everybody, come on down.
All your criminals, all your mass murderers, all your lunatics, all your crazy people that
they all wanted to one load.
Come on in.
And that was only a part of it.
And then, of course, you look at the various parts of town, like North-Dade.
It used to be a great place.
It used to be a marvelous funny, not great, but it used to be pretty nice.
You know, it was okay.
And more and more parts of South Florida have turned into like outdoor toilets in the, in the, like, exposed septic tanks.
If you catch my drift, catching it, I can smell it.
What's the big deal?
Okay, so the weather's not so bad all the way.
I understand, like, 86 yesterday, somebody told me it was hotter than hell already.
It's all over the market.
Yeah.
Hot and humid.
That good.
The skit is the size of bowling balls is what I'm hearing.
And yeah, who the hell might have talked yesterday here was like, again, the morning, 17 below zero Fahrenheit, minus 35 Celsius, or whatever it was.
Do you know how many times I left this place yesterday?
Once.
Once. That's because I already told you.
Right.
I went to the convenience store, which is very close by.
I got me some soda, my diet soda, and I got my newspapers, and I came flying back in here.
And that was it.
Got the heat cranked up real nice, toasty.
And that was the end of my adventures outdoors yesterday.
And that was like late in the afternoon, was already up to minus 13.
I was like a heat wave.
35 today, baby.
And I have no problem with that.
So I mean, weather isn't everything.
But all this crap that they say about that beach is, well, there's like nice sandy beaches everywhere.
The beaches in Panama City are a lot nicer than beaches in Miami for a lot of day.
Wouldn't you agree?
I've never been to the Panama City beaches.
Have you ever been anywhere?
We keep going over this.
You have, I mean, have you been through two eggs?
Have you been through that stoplight there at two eggs?
Yeah.
Have you driven through that thing?
I've driven through the swamp of Florida, but I haven't gone to the panhandle beaches.
Why not Panama City?
It's a beautiful place.
That's where all the Bible thumpers go.
Yeah, all there you go.
And it's true there brains out right on the beach.
You're making my case.
Oh, boy, I remember one time many years ago.
I forgive what I was doing here.
I guess it was on vacation and just driving to West Coast.
Uh-huh.
I stopped off at the beach in Panama City.
I'm going to tell you there was a busload of Baptists.
Yeah, there you go.
Young Baptists.
And I'm going to tell you my tongue was down to my toenails.
I have never.
You want to baptize them?
They were like out there making out on the beach.
I don't want to get into the bathroom.
I don't want to get into the bathroom.
Don't forget smallville tonight.
Tom Welling is causing a swelling and so is Lana.
I saw a really freaky movie last night, but I don't have the name of it.
Who was it?
I think it.
Huh?
It was about this guy who fell in love with his father's, with his stepmother.
Okay.
And it was a very bizarre twisted tale and about how they killed the stepfather for the money.
And it just kept twisting and turning back and forth.
It was okay.
He looked pretty good.
12 minutes after 10.
Well, I mean, you know, you're going to have a hook.
There's a hook and did anybody call about what's your name?
Your Dan and Brewster?
No.
That name?
That guy yesterday.
Yeah, just one guy.
Try to turn you people out of something good.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
It's because the same old time.
I mean, Britney, this and Britney, that I mean Britney's fine, you know, but Britney's old news now.
Look at what George Herbert Walker said.
He said, I don't even know who that light is.
I don't want to know.
I'm afraid to know.
Yeah, he might feel a tingle.
Yeah.
If he saw that or maybe if he saw just in Tinkerbell, he might feel a tingle.
10, 13 at 560 W.
I'm rambling.
You know, I like it.
I'm going to start rambling every hour.
Play for four hours.
Rambling, taking a few screenless calls.
That's what we're going to do for now.
I've decided.
All right, because I'm so frustrated with freaking Greg Rita with his lackeys around here who sit there and talk a good game.
Pa pa pa pa.
Vippy, enter that doing a goddamn thing.
You can be the new rambling man.
It's like the whole freaking place is in a holding pattern like they're waiting, you know, like they're in suspended animation like head Williams head like they're on ice.
Radio on ice at WQM where we're radio-ish.
How's the beast? Is he fat-ish?
He's rolling.
No, no. Seriously, have we haven't heard anything from him?
No.
Ah, screw him. Okay. I'm not going to talk about he lost 50 pounds.
For all we know, he might have gained it back all in one week.
He's a, he's a disaster.
I'm nauseous from him between him and fat boy.
How come they can't be skinny like me?
Ha ha ha.
No cooking, no shopping, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no cleaning, no worries.
Just great results with balance for life.
If you've tried all the other dyes, if you've tried pills and liquids and fads and you just frustrated his health because you're still fat and unhealthy and you look like crap and your clothes are like pup-tents.
If this is try, you got nothing to lose but all that unhealthy weight.
They deliver everything to you for each day in a little black sack and that's it.
It's all the nerd will keep you full because there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks right in your little black sack.
They deliver to your work your home by 6 a.m.
And believe me, everything is fresh and delicious.
There are chicken dishes and beef and for Todd as an omelette and I'll kind of really need things that wraps their crepes are great.
This isn't some kind of a drastic crazy dieting regimen.
This is a great way to eat for a long time and it lets you choose between two choices for each meal if you did that throughout a program.
And that's all the thinking you have to do.
Just open your mouth and pop it in your push and the weight pours off your body.
So if you're really serious about losing the weight once and for all, do it the delicious, the smart way would balance for life.
Let them take care of all the choices for you.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29 and say what happened to that fat pig the beast by the way?
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29 or check them out on the wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and love all this is 4205-16.
You weigh in weigh.
Howard David's a busy potchette beast here and if you're like most folk, you're going to pop a cap on someone heavya here, Donnie Boy, one more toy.
Hi.
But now you can throw down your guts because there's a new CD from Death Over Records called Oh Hip Hop featuring this one from Oh Helly.
No matter what I do, all I think about is booze.
Even when I'm with so true, that you know I'm crazy over you, fat and fat girls.
Oh shizzle minism. Oh Hip Hop also contains this one from Marshall O'Modders.
I did this mean to drink raw. I gave it to me to get that vibe. But tonight I'm cooking in the closet.
It's the album you want to hear again this 7 Guinness.
Oh Hip Hop with Sheila Lopez.
I'm still Sheila from the block.
And this shallily shake her from the belly.
I'm Gavin Drunken here and Pia non mi hao.
Oh Hip Hop drive boy and pick up a coffee today.
Watch the charts. It's sure to go butter gold.
Are we a little early with the same panties they stuff.
It's on the 17th. I love that.
It's come up on the 17th but I figured we got all the other stuff. The leopard condoms and God loves the Irish.
So we're going to work them all in. When it doubt working out.
Convicted killer. Somebody faxed this which I did see I didn't want to talk about it because they faxed it.
And this makes me so glad they impist off.
Convicted killer in a fan year Brazil 16 contest adult sentence moments after their teenage son was sentenced to 28 years in prison for killing his English teacher.
The fan year Brazil's parents said they had faith his case would be overturned on appeal.
We'll live with a sentence but it's not over the 14 year olds father Nat and the fan year Brazil senior told a thronger reporters surrounding him outside the Palm Beach County Courthouse, July 2001.
Almost 20 months later Nathaniel now 16 will get his debut for an appeals court.
The Palm Beach County Public Defenders Office has said to go before the fourth district court of appeals in West Palm Beach today to ask that Brazil's second-degree murder conviction be set aside.
The appeal centers on two arguments that Brazil was unconstitutionally treated as an adult and the prosecutor made 20 inappropriate comments to the jury.
This is the kid that shot his teacher Barry Bruno in the face and killed him dead.
Yes. May 26, 2000 Lakeworth Middle School and should have probably had life in prison or maybe the African lethal injection.
All you can't do that to a 14 year old. Why not? When a 14 year old shoots you in the head and kills you. You're just as dead as that when he was 18 or 19 or 20.
They wanted set aside. That's right. Just turn him loose. Just turn him loose on a technicality on this show we say no way. In fact, on this show we say double the sentence at least 56 years minimum.
When you say right on.
Bleeding heart puncher assholes. Rick in Tampa says his resident. I can honestly say that Tampa is a highly overrated city even with a goddamn Super Bowl win.
Nice going there by the way. Rick told you. Told you those bucks would do it. But of course most of the bucket is another box are from Tampa. So.
Right. Our hockey team sucks our baseball team is pathetic. Our local politicians are more conservative.
Lat dances and real issues. Says Rick in Tampa. Let's put down Tampa.
We're getting some good selections in here. Which I'll get to. In fact, I like this thing that you fact that somebody sent in.
Survey ranks the world's best and worst places to live will get to that.
Where these other factors are big Arnie says Dallas. You says New York and Vegas are not overrated to the greatest places to go in America.
Overrated is Dallas a hot city with nothing to offer but a bunch of yadda Yankee hitting good old boys. The report is the worst airport in the country to drive it. Remember when we went to Vegas.
Yeah, you were on that one trip. We have this. No, you weren't. No, we were there. We had to take the.
The daisy chain circle around the Dallas airport. Right. Yeah. Right. Was there we were.
We were crammed at the first death before they had national and before they had those nonstop direct flights from my mirror for a long day.
The biggest you always have to make this stop over and usually be in Dallas. Right. You have to go from one concourse to the other one.
You do not know little train. A lot of mine like doing a little bit of a train like they got one in Orlando at the airport.
But this train goes like out over the whole goddamn city across the road and under the overpass and over the underpass.
Yes, we saw Carlos in on the overpass. It goes in a circuit, but only in one direction and we just happen to need to go to the right.
The one that we're next to us, but in on the other side. And you're looking at your watch like I can actually make my flight.
I mean, I'm going to get there sometime before midnight and it's a 10 in the morning. You know.
It says the report is the worst in the country to drive in as every street becomes a circle. You know where the hell you're going.
It says there are a bunch of prejudice assholes. A big city with backward ways. Okay. That's good enough for me.
We got Dallas and Tampa and don't forget. Right.
And they can take the bucks and stuff them too. But a bunch of that is such a bunch of retardos.
Where do those people come from? I just can't get over it. What the tampons? The tampons. Where did they come from?
They don't like it anyway. They must have come downstream from Nashville. They must have had to have.
Doug and Pembroke Pines says congratulations on 27 years of South Florida radio activity.
I've been an avid listener for 25 of those 27 years and all I can say is.
Oi!
And he mentions a city that I thought I've been an I forgot because I'm getting old and feeble.
He says an overrated city is Iceland or land.
A central Florida backwash who's only claimed the fame as a theme park dedicated to a fictional rodent.
And the rest of the town is merely an imitation of that tragedy.
Oi! Blanking. They have a great taste.
You're Doug and Pembroke Pines. You've got it. Doug. It's on air. Orlando. You're right.
Highly overrated. Why me? What do they got there?
Especially since all the Bible thumbers close down Orange Blossom tail. All the trail of teddy bars.
That was a long time ago.
All the Bible thumbers. See that's what goes on in Florida.
Let's close down the teddy bars and the swing clubs and make it into just a big outdoor church.
So only the religions can go and square everybody that they can get their hands on.
Kind of like Nashville. Same thing.
Church on every street corner and Kitty Corner across the street is a bar.
Every street corner Nashville. Bar on one corner and a church on the other corner.
At least you don't have far to stumble afterwards. Right.
All depending on which way you're going.
So anyway, this survey from a Reuters, the Swiss city of Zurich,
Edgedout Vancouver, Canada, then the Austrian capital of Vienna,
to top the quality of life survey published on Monday.
I want what's the date on this. Does it have a date? I'm looking.
Oh yeah. Now look at this. This must be my psychic powers again.
It was published yesterday.
Baghdad, the Iraqi capital where residents are preparing for possibly Westled War,
placed 213th of the 215th city study.
And that's where we start dropping.
Right.
213 out of 215 not too good.
The study handed the crown to Zurich based on 39 criteria ranging from political,
social and economic factors that also included the quality of health,
education and transport services.
Zurich, I've never been to any of these places.
Zurich, Vienna or Vancouver or Baghdad.
Even though we are on radio Baghdad, a quinnison of our listeners.
Now you know where to go on your next vacation.
Zurich, which is surrounded by picturesque scenery,
also claimed the top spot in last year's survey of cities commissioned by
Mercer Human Resources Counseling, Webinar LAR.
Vancouver nestled between the mountains and the ocean on Canada's Pacific Coast,
and historic Vienna ranked the joint second, followed by Geneva.
And Sydney, Australia is actually in New York or Geneva, Switzerland.
A G.
Sydney, Australia.
Well, that's because they're all those fags there.
Auckland, Copenhagen, the German cities of Frankfurt and Munich
and the Swiss capital of Bern, all tied for 5th by...
This has kind of a distinct Swiss flavor to it, you know?
It's kind of a swish feel to it.
At the other end of the table, Congo's Brazaville and Banguul,
as in Bafangul in the Central African Republic, were judged at the worst quality of life,
both behind even the Baghdad.
Top-rated city in the US was San Francisco, which placed 20th down from 18 last year.
San Francisco, highly... I want to put that on there, overrated.
I'm putting it on there.
You ever been there?
No.
Of course not.
What am I asking you?
How about Carlos? He never been anywhere.
Carlos is going to put you down there.
The big county.
Seattle.
At Bithilko places, just...
Such as...
Such as...
Colorado.
A few places to call it.
Colorado, you mean like...
You just worked at the state or like to a place having a name to it?
Well, Steve Boats Springs.
Woo!
Vale.
Asperger.
Vale.
Oh, you're one of the skiing people?
Yep.
You see that Canadian judge?
She was skiing here, run over by the...
What do they call those trucks that cleared the past?
Snowplow?
Something like that.
Not as planned.
It was Snowplow.
And I wore fancy name like a death machine.
Well, she got killed by it.
Sunny Boat.
I'll look what happened to him in her Kennedy guy.
Not a good idea, Carlos, for a little punk like you to be out there skating on thin ice.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what Eric said.
26 past 10 at 5.60.
QAM, where we're ready-wish.
Be sure to check out that billboard if you look real fast.
Now, we're getting the list and the addresses and the other stuff about the other billboards.
If there are any other billboards.
Is that just a scam to try to pass if I norm a king, which I didn't even understand it to show how slow I am.
I thought they actually wanted to promote us and all of the estation.
Come to find out and just responding to what they thought was a big lawsuit.
It turned out to be just a scam.
Nice going norm.
Nice work.
Oh!
About time he did something right.
Scared to live in pants off of that silly bastard.
God.
Remember old dirty bastard we got silly bastard.
30 we call him.
About 30.
30.
If you're reluctant about ordering a bet over the phone or anything else over the phone.
Don't be reluctant.
Don't be recalcitrant.
Because over a million people of auto mattress over the phone from dollar mattress, including me, plus hundreds more every week.
George has done it.
Miguel has done it.
And ordered the mattress too.
You know our good friends at dollar mattress by now.
We've been talking about them for years on the show.
Nothing has got a bigger impact on your life each day and every day than a great night's sleep.
Especially when nobody interrupts you by calling you 10.45 at night after a hockey game when you're trying to sleep, rumor.
Call 1-800-MACRUS right now.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You'll have a great night's sleep from dollar mattress.
It's the easiest way to buy anything.
They carry the best too.
In fact, fat boys are mentioned.
I'm going to give me a dollar mattress up here in Toronto.
How do you like that, eh?
Yeah, they carry a C. Lee, Surtip, Simmons, and King Corley every size and style.
I told him, I want me a C. Lee posture pedic.
And you know what he said?
Just like that. That's what he said.
Anything for you, Pally?
Dollar mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They've got more repeating referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right.
Once you buy a mattress and dollar mattress, you'd never even think about going back to a showroom in a vetting room department store again.
In order for you to buy your mattress from dollar mattress, they'll set it up and take away the crappy old vetting for free.
You heard me right.
Dollar mattress sets up your new mattress and takes away the crappy smelly, nasty, soiled old vetting for free.
So make the call now to Dollar mattress and you had great night's sleep for months and years to come.
Call toll free 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dollar mattress.
The easiest, the smartest, the most inexpensive way to buy you a great new name brand mattress.
The best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best
the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, bravitovas have all been gone and're all wet and burned dead amidst
the bad and burned dead bodies ... all spreading is needed ... all spreading is needed ... you know, I'll be like for them
This is Johnny Clash and I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy my brand new record
So you gotta let me know
Should I stay or should I go the best of Johnny Clash look for it in the comeback country section of your local record store
Thank you kindly 10 32 5 60 and I look into good these days Johnny Clash
You know what no no no no looking like he's right on the edge of being on a way out are those ACN bits those
The Irish one and that one yes wow and what about that?
Zodifex that was ACN 2 yes
It's a brand new one
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all
Zodifex yeah, you didn't like that I love I love it, but it's ACN
Sensation while they're they're starting to push up a little bit. Okay. It's their turn. You know how that goes
Kind of like this audience WQ I am I bet there's nobody here. Hello. Hi
Told you is this a realtor? I beg your pardon your realtor. Yes. What I'm Jackie Weissman co-wobanker. Oh, okay
I'm not gonna put I know I know he was calling somebody else and then she goes and put her name on it
She's got the wrong freaking number
Maybe she's involved in the sale of the station. Uh-huh. That must be what that is. He's from one of those real estate places
Huh?
Don't start any more rumors and get Greg any more odd you do we?
I'll get a stomach turning again and have him puking in a waist basket like my Disney. Yeah pay back as a bitch Greg
Okay, you're taking years off all of our lives now it's time to pay you back to reward you
For the abuse and the nastyness and a hostility and the the throwing people under the bus and
Trying to blame other people for your own bad bad bad decisions and bad heart for a hurrah hurrah mistakes
Whatever they were what were they crap
Rad McNally has this to say about Miami. Did you join the submit stream?
Here's our survey today the most overrated city in the world is New Orleans New York Miami Los Angeles
Amsterdam Las Vegas, Paris and Diego Philadelphia Orlando Dallas Tampa fan franthethco is what we got so far
The most overrated city in the world is is our pool and I'll tell you what we got so far
Why'd my reading that like a moron because it's there I guess Miami 68 New Orleans 44
toilet
Paris 35
L.A. Teen New York 16 Las Vegas a dozen
Amch that I'm 10 and none for anybody else none
Huh, well, they just went up there. I guess
Rand McNally has this to say about Miami
At least according to what somebody just thanked me. It says poor excuse for a city center of rampant crime and hub of the ignorant
Come on. They must have made this up. You think I'm sure with a plethora of ethnicities and nationalities
It is truly baffling that there is zero semblance of culture
It is very important to have a compass when traveling in Miami if you get lost just head north do not stop and ask for directions
The people probably don't speaking this year will be shot in car jack
But a good note the climate is warm. Yeah, right and Rand McNally my ass
Maybe the guy's name is Joe McNally. Maybe new day McNally used to pitch for the Orioles you think no now
Cute very cute
Anyway getting back to this survey that was taken yesterday boy. This is amazing
How I just fell into a bucket of crap again, you know what?
Keep falling into a bucket of crap. I get up shower myself off
Let's see Zurich top the pool other notable cities included Amsterdam was number 10 the most livable
And what is the question again the top rated is what?
Why see 39 criteria ranging from political social economic factors quality of health education transport services
Yeah, the transportation is good. I'm still on
Sometimes in the summer though it smells real bad on a tram. Whoo
Amsterdam was number 10 Tokyo 26 London 39 LA 53 and Rome was 66 Rome is not especially
I do like it a lot. I love it, but it's not very livable because it's oh kids congested and polluted
It is you've been there of course not
But what are you why are you laughing?
We keep going over this over. I understand why you are sure you got that good friend
They were all that money you keep saying use the apartment you tell him to buy you some plant tickets and send you in the world around the world
years
Why not just because of that little lawsuit?
Maybe because he's irresponsible and a scumbag maybe
Retarded alok your old news
Anyway lower down the table Athens was 79 Istanbul 91 Rio de Janeiro 108 Jerusalem 126 New Delhi 162 the old Delhi did better and
Have I had a Cuba 189
African cities occupied 17 to the bottom 20 spots. That sounds like a racist thing to me
When you think you'd think and a related survey also by Mercer
Luxembourg scored the highest for personal safety followed by burn Geneva hell stinky
I like hell sink it tonight's place Singapore and Zurich
Milan Athens and Rome were judged the least safe cities in Western Europe while Washington got the worst safety ranking in the US
You know, I was only in Washington DC once in my life
Yeah, how was it and I think I was just driving through I don't think I've even stopped and saw any of the high
You know the hot spots I've been there
Really how about that how was it hi?
Yeah, and very
governmental
That's a key my spray very governmental excellent leave it to Carl
He's gonna come out with his own brand McNally Washington hot in July and very governmental three judicious
Oh brother, oh here's some good news speaking of looking around the world
Afghanistan we take the heroin crown. Yeah, we sure did it for them. I poppies
Afghanistan we took its places the world's leading producer of heroin last year after US led forces over through the Taliban
Which had been banned of which had banned cultivation of opium poppies?
The finding was made in a key drug report distributed in Kabul on Sunday by the US state Department
Which supports almost identical findings by the United Nations last week
Low grade heroin is refined in Afghanistan from opium, which is manufactured from the extract of eye poppies
The size of the opium harvest in 2002 makes Afghanistan the world's leading opium producer the report said
The International Narcotics Control Strategy reports that the area of land used to cultivate opium poppies reached
30,750 hectares compared with
1685 in 2001 that's hectare Lopez
Afghanistan overtook Burma whose production fell for the sixth rate year as the leading opium producer
The British government is the leading sponsor of the anti-drugs campaign in Afghanistan and as usually British are doing a very important job
So my amy is pulling away now is the world's most overrated place and
I hardly I didn't vote for that. I voted for a New Orleans. I
Mean least in Miami you've got you do have some beaches and you've got some you know nice weather for about 20 30 days of the year
When it's not real humid about 30 about 30 man
But other than that New Orleans is just if the sewer it's a some pump and all this crap to media
See the media is responsible for poisoning the public's mind unsuspecting Porsche mucks out there
Oh, it's the big easy. It's morning. Everybody's having a great time. Everybody's drunk. Everybody's puking their guts up
Yeah, let me ask you something
Can you get drunk like within a few blocks of home anywhere you are? Yeah, I bet you even in Albany
You can get drunk. I bet you even in Canada when the York you can go down to the bowling alley and get drunk on your ass and puked your guts out
And probably get better food than you can in and New Orleans
All of that Cajun spicy crap that'll just turn your kiskees inside out. Oh, God
And then every time I think about New Orleans. I think of that them emmo lagassey. He just makes my skin crawl
Bam bam bam that then he's been doing a lot of that is what we're hearing
Resulting in divorce and very ugly settlement. I say damn
WAM bam no, thank you, ma'am
Emerald another TV creation just like Dr. Phil
Turn on the about two minutes before our six o'clock last night to see the news on CFTO
We'll do a real good job here news and guess who's show is just ending at that point Dr. Phil
Does he belong on the ear no does he have anything to say is there any reason why anybody should watch Dr. Phil other than he used to be on Oprah
No, he's on there. Yeah, but he's telling it like it is he's keeping a video crap
He's a big tub of crap who says the same damn thing to everybody and that's what the public wants now
That's why Dr. Laura became my god her thing before a TV show bomb
But that's why she be got her thing on radio is because she was putting people down
That's what they want to hear
And that's his whole thing is putting people down telling the how how stupid they are and incompetent and nept and they're doing everything wrong
You just look at Adam and go and you asshole. Yeah, that's what people want now
Yeah, but they're like so called reality shows
They want to see people put down and people stabbing each other in a back
These are the American values that we treasure in cherish now is stabbing everybody else in a back and getting even with these
money-grubbing
bitches
Yeah, these gold diggers. That's right. That's why all those guys are watching to a millionaire because they want to see him
Get even with all these then gold diggers
Including petty white. You know she was married to Alan Luden. I like his cockroach
1041 at 560 WQAM
What am I looking at here are they laws and just what am I looking at?
I'm looking at the wrong spot is what I'm looking at oh no
Don't want to do that. It'll get the Todd Dreck all upset wouldn't it
Well something to think about he makes my skin crawl Todd Dreck by the way remember the day that that guy called it
What are you picking? I'm every time I mentioned about Todd Dreck his boyfriend calls it. Oh, I know Todd
He's a good guy. What do you reckon on Todd because he's an asshole
And he's skiing out there in Colorado right now. He said that was another one of my veiled comments
He makes me nauseous. He represents everything evil at Q.A.M
And that covers a lot of territory when you agree. Yeah, don't want to do his job full of crap to just
General problem on two legs. That's Todd Dreck a problem on legs
1042 at 560 WQAM got the mad dog and one Hank is doing a show from the Maccarrie the Miami Heat Arena
They Mickey Harrison arena the Mickey mirror pinga picania arena
Marlins at the Metz
655 and that exhibition is baseball any interest? No
Heard that mo pushing for listeners for any K
This morning he's sucking him out with everybody now mo is looking for somebody with whom to align himself
You think that's gonna work? No, not the guilty is not running around all over town even a stranger's okay
What am I gonna do out mo? What am I gonna do about mo? He's killing me. Oh mo no mo
How many times have you heard an opportunity you didn't act you just didn't grab it when you had the chance and all of a sudden
Just disappear like that you must know right now is one of those times reach out and grab for it
Rarely does an opportunity interrupt you but this one should 3.45% financing with the financial group column toll free
180940 land how long will these low interest rates who knows even George don't know when you look back on history not very long
So this is a window of opportunity
That's the way to look at it go through that window with a financial group and get you a 3.45% financing and save yourself a Schmidt load of money
3.45% financing call financial group to check this out to answer all your questions with no obligation
Call 180940 land that's 180940 and D and what will 3.45% financing due to those monthly payments
Here's a couple examples for it to give an idea of just how much they'll crush them down to like very minimal
You get a $200,000 loan you pay only 900 bucks a month a hundred thousand down loan you pay only
450 bucks a month so don't wait get your balls rolling do it now while you're thinking about it
Call financial group toll free
180940 land they're in equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates of course
There's something to change without notice so get with it 5.34 APR
God
The
oh
The price is fine
You can't get the government to clearly tell us just why things look so bad everywhere
Next thing you know
They will charge for air
Best thing to do you should try to see
How long to walk to work it will be
Price is so high at the
Pumps
Oh
Price is so high at the
Pumps
Price is so high at the
Pumps
It's that higher price
I'm the paying for
The
50 WQM
246 votes on the poll the most overrated city in the world is according to our audience miny 79
New Orleans 50 Paris 39
See and of course it's all subjective. I mean if you think that a great city is a place where they got beautiful art and beautiful buildings and all
Stuff like that
That's okay your entire your opinion if you think of great cities a place where the people are really friendly and great looking and
Whatever whatever your criteria might be right right? It's all subjective of course if you think it my amy is a great city and we all say you're full of crap
Miami 80 New Orleans 51 Paris 41 Los Angeles 22
New York 21 Vegas 14 I'd sure like to hear from some of them people as to why Amsterdam 11 Orlando 8
Frisco 3 Dallas 1 Philadelphia 1 Tampa 1 and San Diego's got the big oh I never been there so I can't tell you
But I hear San Diego is
Beautiful place I hear nothing about San Diego where the weather is always like you know, and they don't have the high humidity
So we're like 75 right all year round pretty much and it's a never real humid and nasty with a big gigantic bowling ball mosquitoes
Like South Florida, although other than that you're right. I don't hear anything about San Diego nobody ever says wow
What a fun place that is you know exciting place anything neither here nor there a lot of semen there
That's what I heard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
On a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's take a few calls here. I got so much stuff. Yeah, I take a few
I mean, there's they haven't been calling because I haven't been taken any right you'll see okay
You'll watch you'll see you'll wait and maybe they won't I don't know and I don't really care to be honest with you
I'm just bound up today. I know it's a more it's great because I'm feeling a little bit better now
I'm getting over the Greg Reed the induced illnesses now don't be calling me anymore duff
Okay, unless it's a major emergency and even then
Put a put a note in a bottle and set it up across Lake Ontario. I
Did I just don't want to be bothered by them and they it's kind of like they take it personal
You know they don't understand that after you have a stroke
It takes weeks before your brains unscramble and your brain heals and everything kind of like to its back to abnormal
They know they don't want to admit that like they're dumb, you know
Are they dumb? That's what I forgot out of sight out of mind. They're dumb. They're dumb. They're insensitive
It's like when I had that serious stroke years ago and I wanted to do it at show the next day right after I had to stroke
My mouth will like hang it on like that. I could barely talk and they still let me go ahead and do the show
And then I was out for two weeks in Disney wanted to know from South Who's well how come he's got to be out a second week
I mean this is really outrageous. Yeah, I just had a stroke you asked. Well, I can't speak. Is that a good reason?
No, I mean that was a bad one
I would talk you know and these people calling me calling me calling me at home
And you know, it's not that I didn't appreciate their concern, but in those days after you have a bad stroke
You have no energy so I talked to somebody for like two minutes on the phone and I'd be like out of breath, you know
But that's always the case when you're sick everybody's calling you to see how you're doing and right now
You want us to be left alone and you were afraid not to answer with especially in those days
There was no color ID back then and you're afraid not to answer it
It might be Ed McMahon with your ten million dollars, you know
Something like that
Might be your boss saying hey, we decided to pay you off your arrest your contract your pain in the ass
And here's a check and go away and have a nice life and don't bother us anymore. Well, that'd be great
Yeah, that would be the way to do it
Not gonna happen
We're waiting to go back to ten to two that's where we're waiting for we're still not holding Pat and waiting for
Clarence and Muff to put their heads together and get that great game plan going at the yeah
We're waiting we're holding our breath
We're stuck in oxygen waiting for them to get with it. We're stuck in oxygen and Duff and Clarence
They're probably stuck in something else
5 6 7 0 5 60
Love it
Chicken wins
Part Simmons who's he WQ I am yeah, he's kin to Gene Simmons. Yes sir a temper pines
Pemper pines is the worst overrated city in the world no bag tag
Bagdad
I'm gonna cue I am hello. Do you yes, sir?
Are you doing long time first time?
Damn all right
Yeah, I'm a one-on-one time to George. I used to go to high school with him
He's a pleasure. Remember me. But anyways
We got to go
Wait a minute. Do you remember this guy? I don't know his name. What's your name? What's your first name?
Yeah, I remember Aussie stop my army right close to me
92
92
92 no, let's get back Aussie's call because this is terminal go ahead Aussie. All right. Well
We're going to the city
I think that
I did your phone broke up just when you got to the magic
Yeah, I think that any
We're really depends on the show whether you have money or not to enjoy the city or any
Boy bride even have a good time there you go
I just like
Okay, I have no idea what we said
So every every other word was like
Yeah, but he was okay. Thanks Aussie. You're okay in our book. Okay if we had to go to school with George
We'd wind up like that too probably
5 6 7 0 5 6 you were having a great day here today
And you want to know why because we made up our mind after hearing all the crap in the abused at moa took this morning
In fact, I kind of enjoyed it. We want to hear a lot more of that
No, we want to hear a lot more of that kind of stuff at least it's by stuff is show a little bit instead of all these people
Calls suck and ass. It's boring. Don't you understand it guys
See because his ego is so big he can't handle all the other cheap shots, you know, that's bad
It's spices up your show and makes it more interesting even in the people that hate you like poison
Well, too then which is out of a lot
Get those gusto's numbers up. Don't be too complacent
Just because he had that one phony trend in January. How you think you're anybody's so be fooled by that? No
Correct, they were they were sitting shivvy all around the building
They were hoping he had like a one five instead of a five five in January
Because they figured that would be like the last nail in the coffin, okay? Like with Bella LaGosi
If I'd give her see him and Bella LaGosi together. No only Bella had a better hair hair piece. Bella was a little thinner
How could you tell?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T used to make a lot of biting comments
WDQAM
Yes, hello. Yes, sir. I think so. Any what's up, man? How you doing?
I
Great call, man. What's up, man? Great call man WDQAM
WDQAM
Hi, yes, sir
What kind of a phone is this?
I am on a piece of heavier question. I'm on the phone with Shedov
First of all, be related to congratulations. Got more of the people who have listened to you for 15 years. Thanks
and
You gotta you gotta admit that one of the worst
Overrated cities especially in South Florida is Key West
Never been there
You're not you're not missing anything. Okay, they make new Orleans look like
Rome like paradise. Yes, it does. Okay, Paul. Yeah, I got it down. Okay. Thank you. Thank you
Never been there if you're running a muff or a suds down there you you've been there
Yeah, working though
We remember when we hit our transmitter laying on the side down there in Key West
That was not the one. It was great cost broadcasting coups
Oh, yeah, we're gonna sign the cash you guys in Key West
The only problem is it's a station where the tower just blew down with a storm
That's a true story and it improved the reception
Yeah, my hand of the sky the tower was laying on the ground in fact the people in Key West could hear W.I.O.D
Signal better than they could hear the local station because their tower had been knocked over and was laying like
It was on what a joke
So we got Key West on there and you keep in track of all these are what
We are we are
And by we are in Carlos. No, they only have to Eric because somebody is yeah, they're all they're all on there. I'm there
Yeah, they got a ball on there and now we're just added Key West
San Diego doesn't have any
I don't think it's because San Diego is so great. I think it's because they don't give a crap about San Diego. It's just it's
Vanilla, you know, it has to be rated before it can be overrated right exactly
It's kind of like I'm trying to think of somebody around the station who's kind of like that. You know like Adam Thrand
Adam there excellent very good. I mean he's okay. He's a good guy. We like him
But he's got in no personality and he's if you would like to say something descriptive about Adam you'd say
I don't know you know he's a guy
Very right right he's just a guy. He's a guy. He wears a tie. He's not so look good. He don't look bad. He don't look
He's just a guy
Generic guy with a tie
makes us want to die
1056
By the way the magic mushrooms arrived here in Toronto. That's why I'm like all wound up
San Diego to Amsterdam to get mushrooming they shift stuff in from all over the world
Magic shrooms
Mm-hmm captain Dave brought him in personal by the way
85 votes for Miami the most overrated city in the world. I've been trying to tell you that Lynn
Ah, you'll never talk Lynn out of that. She's a Lynn Sam. Well, she's obsessed with soft floor
Like I told yesterday she wants to be an a K. She wants to go down here like you know lay on the beach and
To vegetate which is a shame what a waste of a mind what a waste of a life
To go down here like hide from humanity in God's waiting room
Pragic boatchoplin God damn it
Did I say 1057 and 562 WQM were ready-wish? Did I say that yes? I'll tell you some guys who are carish
Tom layman is your Prieto and Halop Pontiac now actually they're not carished
They're the real thing. That's why they've been there 35 years anybody who's been in that location for 35 years plus taking good
Curipipi people is not like carish. They be the real reveal
And Halop Pontiac GMC right now as I speak are proud to announce three great Neil Rogers Neil deals
That's how much they love me in this program because they name everything after me even the restrooms there
Neil deal number one even some of the glory holes. I'm hearing
Neil deal number one get 0% financing an all GMC 1500 series pickups. You heard me write 0% on all 1500 series pickups
Neil deal number two numero dose
Lisa GMC on voyfer only $299 a month plus tax for 48 months. That's correct. Let me say it again only
$299 a month plus tax and Neil deal number three trace this call
By a Pontiac buy for only $199 a month you heard correct again only
$199 a month for a great Pontiac buy and as always Halop Scott unbeatable deals on dependable use car thrusts and gas guzzling SUVs
And if the other guys in town say you've got very marginal credit
You once worked at QAM have no fear because Tom layman's here
He'll cut you a deal somehow some way at Halop Pontiac even if Carlos has to make the payments
It's the great Neil deal triple letter going on now at Halop Pontiac GMC
And you'll find him in that same familiar spot 134-1 stop fix you highway
That's US one right across the street from the falls open every day
Seven days a week if you want to get more information about the Neil deal just call the Neil deal hotline
Make sense to me one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit approval
See the Lord for details and Halop Pontiac GMC who be professional grade
We're supporting you five seats
You am
You got
Adam who say
The mother
Fuck up
Adam who say
The mother
Fuck up
You
Adam who say
The mother
Fuck up
Adam who say
The mother
Fuck up
I racked some crappy little contracts
Now it's like the most days on a space
Just get rid of that
You're a drinking chubby
And blow up
The whole goddamn place
Some
himself
I
Love it out to blood. Hey, that's been around for a long time. It's a back with the three bullets.
Number one on the hit parade again. Oh,
damn it. Uh-oh.
What did you draw? I got drops of here. Okay. And I want to keep everything nice night and need in the organized here.
I don't want to ring into a toilet like that studio there.
Holy flashback back to the bad caves says CBS News.com. Did we put this on the you thing they were not? Yes, sir. All right.
So on the O Rogers dot com. Holy reunion thirty seven years after Adam Western birdward put on skin tight suits to keep Gotham cities safe from the villainous penguin Joker and Riddler.
You know, the girl used to be on her too. He was a Louis the lilac. That's right. Remember that? Yeah. The dynamic do was back together for a peek about really happened behind the scenes.
As in sports court lot of that. They were there were on set explosions that left ward injured daily encounters with lusty female fans.
Whisperers of west and ward being gay and complaints from sensors about these sexual innuendo in the ABC series that aired in 1966 to 68 sexual innuendo.
No, what are they trying to say? How they try to say the show was a little gay?
Our show was a lot different words said we teased them. Totted them and played with their minds for kids. It was kept clean. Teenagers saw the double meetings and they appreciated and some of us all the Belgian robins are shud tights.
West and ward played off each other as well as they did during the sweeping sixties in the CBS movie. Return to the bad cave. The misadventures of admin bird airing Sunday 9 p.m. on CBS. Are they exciting?
One Sunday at nine. This coming Sunday 9 p.m. on CBS right after 60 minutes and whatever else is on. It's dramatized to an extent but most of it really did happen. All good comedy is based on truth.
West said now they're saying we're a wonderful comedy team. What were we before in a tour in the two hour movie West 74 in a rotund ward. Oh my god. Isn't that sad to be seen him? Yeah, I've seen them side with a big bald spot and chubby looks like the beast. In fact, maybe he is the beast.
Maybe that's why we can't find them if we had any word. No, am I still here? What West 74 in a rotund ward 57 are forced to be lived there past to find clues to be covering the bat mobile after it stolen from a Hollywood charity event.
When a bystander suggests calling the police West and his best deadpan says this is a job for actors will find the bat mobile us word replies. We wouldn't even know where to start.
The movie was done by the same team behind the 2001 CBS hit movie surviving Gilligan's Island. Don Marianne is co executive producer. Duane pool wrote the script and Paul Copman is director and executive producer.
I wonder Paul Copman's related to Joyce Kaufman. The network realized the value of the Batman series the way the public responded to West and Ward Copman said there's something about those two watching the series as a child was very exciting to work with them in a little bit.
But gay. So I do like that they're coming back again. Although it just won't be the same. You know, never is what is you can't turn the clock back, baby. I'm sure that they were wonderful guys.
They're done. They hate each other like poison is what we kept here and now all of a sudden they're doing a thing together because they want the mullah. Right. It's all about didn't like each other at all.
The most overrated city and we're not hearing any reasons by the way from this audience about why they voted like for Vegas or Amsterdam or some of those places. That would be interesting, but God forbid we should hear that.
The most overrated city in the world is Miami 90. Not even close anymore. New Orleans 54 Paris 45 New York 24 Los Angeles 24 Vegas 18. We should like to hear what people are why but we won't. Will they they lost their eyes. That's my theory.
Orlando 15 Amsterdam 13. I don't understand that San Francisco $3 to Tampa to Philadelphia one Key West one in San Diego. Still got what's not to like.
The weather's nice. There's a lot of semen and sailors to I understand and sailors. Always sunny. Nice light breeze blow all the time. What's say? You know, I never been there. I got a theory about that Vegas vote. What is that? Maybe they went downtown.
I don't think it's got anything to do with it. Where would you rather go downtown Vegas or downtown Miami? Well, the Vegas strip WQ I am.
Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. Listen, my Roger's chocolate survived yesterday. Oh, no. All I know is right. I'm so sorry. You need to play that. You're a bad shirt. Did you get the almond crime almond brittle?
Couple boxes of them and they are everything you said they were and more the best ever had. Is that incredible or what?
Absolutely the best when you bite in for the first time in your life to the first piece of that Roger's almond brittle and the taste explodes in your mouth. It just you say to yourself, how can anything taste this good?
Absolutely. I found myself I bid into it and I'm just like hold it in my mouth. I'm just going to hold it here. I don't even want to chew it up. Yeah, I've had that feeling. Yeah. Yeah. I got a question for you. Now that we had the $26 billion that we're going to give Turkey though our new best friend.
They don't want it. They want more than that. I guess they want 40 or 50. I guess 26 would start. Yeah. Do you think you'll be able to turn that $26 billion back into maybe education or health care or something?
They want to compete with Afghanistan on the poppy market. Hey, listen, thanks for 27 years, my friend. Don't overdo it, man. All right, buddy. Stay alive. You're a bastard. I am. And I admit it. See there's a guy see people joke about that because I went on and I gave the website.
Rogers chocolates dot com. And there are people out there actually ordered it because I told them was good. They knew that I know my craft man when I tell them that some kind of a food product is good. They run for it. They grab it. They squeeze it. I hope it doesn't kill the sky because that stuff is addicted. But whatever it is and a good part of it is I can't find it anymore. I don't know the place where I used to buy it. They don't care it anymore. Right. And maybe they can't maybe they can't get it anymore. Maybe it's out of stock because I've got this one on Rogers almond brittle. That stuff is just.
It makes like it's almond brittle. It's like peanut brittle only made well and it's covered with like thick rich milk chocolate.
It's a thick dark milk chocolate. I love eating nuts. Yeah, where the hell is he eating nuts? Look, I want to say it again. I'm not joking with this. What's happening with him is typical of what goes out with Q.A.M. They just they throw you on and then you're just left hanging. Nobody ties up the loose ends. We got 75 people. People with titles running around going from room to room, panting everybody on it, making sure everybody sees them so they can get a check. You know what I say? That the job justification.
But in the meantime, nobody ties up the loose ends there. It's like the call I get yesterday about. Oh, well, George Corso our engineer. He got a he got a email from our engineer guy in Amsterdam and he can't get into the old my old apartment there because Peter changed the locks and blah, blah, blah, blah. All of a sudden, a bull crap.
Well, first of all, nobody changed any locks. Number one, a number two. I talked to my landlord last night and all Mark has got to do is, you know, call him again and he'll know that he knows what I'm not coming back. Remember last summer in August, the end of August when I came back and I said, I'm not going to Amsterdam anymore to do shows. Yeah, take the equipment out. Remember, I told him that back in August. Oh, no, you'll change this mind. You know, leave it there. You'll want to go back. No, and they finally kept banging away. I said, no. And they left it there. Then I go to Amsterdam for two.
Two weeks for my vacation in December, I hated it like poison. It was cool. There's no more tourist anymore because nobody because of what's going on in the world. It was awful. The apartment was dank. I got sick. Got out of there early. I came back second of January. I come back to work. What's the first thing I told them, get the equipment out of the Amsterdam apartment because I'm not going back. I'm giving up the apartment. I'm not going back. Here it's March the fourth. And there's still, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you know something if they don't get it back, don't blame me. Don't look at me.
Because this is typical of the way they do everything. They just dittle around and dittle around and wait until the last minute. Well, guess what? Maybe they won't get it. And I don't know and I don't care. That's their problem.
When you give people notice on something on the 26th of August and out to the 4th of March and they're still, oh, you know, Neil, my changes mind. Neil's not changing his mind. Okay. For your benefit or anybody else's. I'm thinking I'm going back to KAT. I'm going to play classical music. All right.
Why don't I close out my career where I started it KAT? Right. Why not not? And this thing with the beast had just frost my fat ass a little bit because he's supposed to be our poster child for one of our fine sponsors. And I'm supposed to be talking about a beep and Troy a strat for as much as I'm always talking about how he's the one good sales guy. He's full of crap. He don't follow through on anything. He don't give me any information. The block myster. He's sitting in there playing Pimp for Greg Reed making phone calls to people.
That Greg don't have the balls to face. Even on the phone. I tell you that's really that's the ultimate coward. You know what? It's one thing not to be able to look somebody in the eye and deal with them face to face. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We all know people like that. But it's another thing to be such a coward that you don't even want to talk to somebody on the phone even by long distance.
Because you too embarrassed by your aberrant behavior. And you have no case to defend. And you've been trying to throw people under the bus anyway and spread what they've done for you. I'd be embarrassed too.
And so I'd also have lackeys running around calling with these lame. Oh, well Greg wants me to call you and let you know the studio is not going to be ready in time. That was the beginning of my relationship with this company. It's gone downhill from then. It's tragic. All I want to do is find out where the hell is the beast.
What's the story with this guy is he die? Is he in a hospital? Is he a God forbid? Is something happened to him? This is the beast. Yeah. What's the story? That's all that's a difficult thing. I guess.
And I'm sure the audience would like to know what's going on with that fat puddle wacker. What's the story already? And then you're right. If he sluts off to another cruise, you know something I washed my hands of that creature. That's it.
In fact, I'll personally call the real Troy over there balanced for life and say cut off his water. Don't bring this punk anymore food. Now is he getting his food? Do we know? No, we don't know. Last time I saw him, which was, I guess a week and a half ago on the weekend, he had his sack with him. Yeah.
I think sack is his middle name, if you ask me. We got sack and we got sack. And then we got the beast who got sacked.
Yeah. It's just it's just pathetic. I don't get excited about it. You know me. I had a stroke. Right. Don't get excited. I'm not. I'm starting to like actually get my brains back together again. And it really calls me to think that we got people in that building so stupid not to understand that when you have a stroke, you're the last thing you want is to get your blood pressure up and get all stressed out over a bunch of crap that you don't even know what they're talking about. Duff. Don't be making any more calls like that. Duff. Where you're going to hear.
Click. That's what he's going to hear immediately.
1113 that 560 W to QM per year. I've been telling you about the health benefits of audio. In fact, if you're eating that almond brittle, you probably should be popping. Oliomid just to be safe.
I'll keep telling you about it because the stuff works and because these people pay their bills to. Oliomid and I'm taking it to now as a matter of fact, every day from my blood pressure.
Oliomid soft gels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil not just ordinary pedestrian, mealie mouth olive oil, but super concentrated outstanding olive oil loaded with health benefits for you.
Oliomid every day can up produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different Oliomid formulas to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals and herbal stuff to support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to the immune system.
Just choose the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new Oliomid formulas one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and co-Q10.
You'll find Oliomid more and more joints because more and more people are popping it every day. Fix them up today with publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Foods markets, and have our ones to download on the world of it online if you like.
OliomidAmerica.com. For more information about these outstanding products or whether you can do to help your health call toll free and ask away call 1-866 Oliomid.
That's 1-866-6536333 and start popping your Oliomid in your purse or maybe in somebody else's right away.
The Oliomid.com. This is 420560.
QAM.
Before the O-Parts came and politicians they know they this town was once alive. They even had to re-gray.
There were things to do all night in Broward and in day like a old fart walking dead and the power to relax a truck in hotels who just got off the boat.
I heard the O-Rodgers cry. This is the day that probably I'll be died.
Everyone who thought the same as best or the ones who brought us slow and thankfulness to my enemies.
Can you believe there was a time they had you seen O-San Helen Dale?
Oh, right to organize the crime but the experiment had failed when the brain did get into town and tore the thugs up down.
They pissed along the place with the big goddamn screen. I heard the O-Rodgers cry.
This is the day that my life died.
What a great place it could have been but still serving as overrun as it's without the pain.
I heard the O-Rodgers cry.
325 votes on a pool and it seems like an awful lot of people agree.
The most overrated city in the world is number one with 97 votes. Miami.
Oh!
New Orleans 57, Paris 49, New York 27. Big drop off there from 3 to 4 you see that.
Yes. LA26, Vegas 22. We still have nobody explaining that and you're right. They probably lost their ass too bad.
Orlando 17, I'm stood on 13. I don't get that. Tampa 4, Key West 4, Frisco 3, Dallas 3, Philadelphia 2 and San Diego finally got a vote.
I guess they just want to recognize them.
Yeah, put them on the map like red China.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless time.
Mad Dog will be on a one no baseball this afternoon. We got to wait all the way till 6 55 for the
E-Marmorance Division this game with a match. Thank God.
See, what are we moving the show back to 10 to 2 so that we can really take advantage of this preseason?
Not going to happen. They talk a good game and programming and they're our middle-level management people, our operations manager
and our program director and our station manager and our this one and I want everybody else. They talk a good game.
They just want to pass the fight because they made a haunty dumpy.
They broke it into one million pieces and now they're going to put it back together again.
No, they haven't got a clue what to do.
Just like I told you before the show today when they messed with Renria Q and IOD and tried to like reformulate the morning show.
That was it. That was the end of the old IOD. That was the beginning of the end.
Fonito, maybe Fonito, but it.
And the same thing here.
The first team. What was wrong with the first team?
Okay, so they didn't have gigantic numbers. They had 8 million spots.
At least it was something for Tom Jekett to write about back when he used to own a radio that they had all those spots because that's why their ratings were low.
That he would write all that crap for his buddies from the racetrack, VFO.
But everybody knew the first team and even people who didn't like that show at least they liked the guys.
You know what I'm saying? Right?
We even like Geldie back in those days a little bit. Not too much, but a little bit. Now they kept it light.
Right. They didn't pontificate. They weren't pompous.
They weren't on their talking down their noses to the public like everybody's a bunch of quizzlings.
You know what I'm saying? Like here I am. I'm here. Get down and kiss my ring.
That kind of crap. Nobody wants to hear that ring you talking about.
Nobody wants pomposity. You know the word that goes in front of it. Just ask Fricky Carlos at front.
Ring that ring. That's the one he's talking about.
Nobody QYM.
Hey, how you doing there?
Okay, Rich.
Anyway, wait a minute.
Now why did George just make a sound with your voice?
You sounded like a real familiar voice and I thought it was a chronic sound.
It is a real familiar voice. It's fat Rich. What else wrong with you, man?
Yeah, please.
Sunday night I'm watching Windsor Raceway thinking of you because Brad Kramer goes and wins 23 to 1 by 6 lengths.
Unbelievable.
6 open lengths, whipping and driving and slashing and pulling away from the field.
But anyway, what was more unbelievable last night was the power of your show to get results for a sponsor.
The Monday night spaghetti dinner with the outfit down the hole and out the door.
I think they served almost 300 meals with.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
And the dining room, the main dining room, the two for one special was packed.
There you go.
So busy for a Monday night.
Outstanding.
Incredible.
How did you do it?
You have the three over 178?
No, but Brian C.S. fellow slapping the him for four.
Two races.
You got beaten up by Danny Collins, a Donald Dupont.
Oh, here we go. This is the end of the show, George.
I got it.
I was going to make it this time.
I was going to give you my tell.
Well, I made a nice contribution last night.
Well, there you go.
But they were very pleased with the results of your sponsorship there with.
Excellent.
Dick Femberg couldn't believe it.
So I just want to let you know.
How you feeling?
You got your inside all straight?
I got everything all straightened out.
Good.
I just got to get by while it's straightened out now for 179.
All right.
You have a good week.
Okay. I'll talk to you soon, Rich.
Be good.
Say I don't want Dick and Steve.
Right.
Bye-bye.
Tom Dick and Harry.
How do you, I told you a pompadopark to do a hell of a job?
Did I tell you that?
Yeah. No.
And they really are.
They got people coming back now to their places, packed during the season.
We got some good racing.
We got some real drivers this year for a change.
And the things are beautiful with pompadopark except Rich had the three of it.
178 and 9 broken.
I'm about to find a food with a three.
Anyway.
Three hundred people lined up for their free spaghetti dinner.
And you want to know why?
Because times are bad boys and girls.
Because the bushmeister, we got Soros, man.
That's the problem.
We got the bushmeister.
And you know who told me that the country wanted bush and the markets wanted bush.
Mitch Hirsch.
What does that tell you, huh?
As soon as Mitch Hirsch speaks, you should all eat your every one of you go...
Eeeh!
Like that.
That's right.
That's the style you should make.
Eeeh!
Of course, I'll think it's Greg Read on the phone.
Three hundred people lined up for a free spaghetti dinner pompadopark.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
And see this business about, wow!
When he's in Toronto.
This time, Jika, seriously.
I would like to...
I would like to turn him into the severed head.
And throw his head right out the window out here.
Seriously, I'd like to throw him right out of the Young Street.
Because I'm not on Young Street, but you know, nevertheless.
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I'd like to use his head as a soccer ball all the way up on the longest street in the world.
Young Street in Toronto, from one end to the other.
Oh yeah, how's he going to keep in touch?
Everybody and their brothers listening to this show, Tom.
I hate to make the news to you.
The response on our website is so spectacular that even Eric is up there squeezing himself.
He can't believe it.
And because this show has never been better.
And out of mean time, those trends who give us a crap.
I don't give a crap of all the right wingers get the numbers.
As a matter of fact, Greg re-deserve that anyway.
He doesn't deserve the big numbers I get him for five years.
Because he doesn't appreciate it in the first place.
Because his reward is to try to like attack, attack, attack, attack, and act like an overgrown child.
That's the reward you get from Greg.
We just try to give you another stroke.
Ain't gonna happen, Greg.
I'm not killing myself or you, sweetheart.
You piece of turd.
Here's the fact that when am I getting worked up about?
I don't know.
It's not a good though.
I just feel like, well, I got a little energy back.
You know, you don't have any energy if you have a stroke.
People say, well, it was just a TIA when I'm a little stroke.
There's no such thing as a little, there are all degrees.
You know, it's like, like I say, it was just a little heart attack.
Yeah.
Here's the fact that it says New Orleans is my vote for overrated city.
Excellent.
Here's the fact of definitive facts you're right.
That was my vote.
It is scummy. That's the word scummy.
And unless you're a...
Why know it's downright boring?
The other thing whoever sent this, it's unsigned.
But whoever sent this, you've got your thumb right on it.
It's for professional drunks.
It's like he west.
Do I drink?
No.
So what the hell do I want to go to Key West for?
I want to see a bunch of fags.
I'm here in Toronto.
I don't need to go to Key West to see a bunch of fags.
Believe me.
It says, I was there at Marty Grower.
I had a suffer through mindless drunks clamoring for cheesy, worthless beads.
It's as if they were made a gold on effing believable it says.
It's so filthy and depressing with ghettos everywhere.
The streets are loaded with potholes and the food is heart attack-inducing.
I've never seen so many morbidly obese people.
If you've never been there, stay there way and go to Canada.
A is what it's in.
How do you like that, huh?
That's exactly what it is.
It's a toilet freaking New Orleans.
Right.
Here's Eddie.
Who says?
I can't debate it because I've never been there.
Most overrated city Luxembourg says I must admit that when it comes to Iraq,
you're, oh, this is chronic Eddie with Iraq.
I'm war.
I'm a right.
Our very future resignation stands on this war against terror to include Iraq, Iran, and Korea.
Right.
And of course, don't forget about Libya and Sudan and the Kuwait and Saudi Arabia and everybody else.
Okay.
We're going to take on a whole world.
Each Jordan Lebanon, let's just, you know.
Sure.
Syria.
Let's get, let's get Syria.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
On an ass kick and Tuesday, here's about time stop Florida woke up.
It's about time somebody came right out of your radio and kicked you people in the ass and woke you up out of your lethargy.
I can't help but then nobody speaks English there.
I can't help but the politicians are all a bunch of freaking crooks.
I can't help but if the average age, the average demographic is death plus 10, then nothing I can do about it.
In fact, I got that out of there which ought to bring the demographic down a little bit.
The audio homeowner's out.
There's anything worse than venturing out to the backyard for a nice swim.
Looking at that once beautiful pool and saying holy crap.
Oh my god.
What the hell happened here?
Your pool is stained.
It's journey maybe it's got cracks in it.
Don't look at that ugly mess anymore.
Just do the right thing.
Say no mo, ugly pool.
No mo mo.
And call our friends at Atlantic Marcyte.
These guys aren't just pool guys who want to clean the service out of the back of a crappy old pickup truck.
I know guys like that.
These are real construction people, a real construction company who's full-time employees, not subcontractors, not illegal aliens.
Atlantic Marcyte specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marcyte's been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed and insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally on how to do Diamond Brighting right.
And you get the same price here comes the best part that they give to the contractors so you save a lot of cash.
They're in North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach.
So call Atlantic Marcyte.
They're the largest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida.
They'll come to you and give you a free estimate.
They also perform pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too.
For the best call Atlantic Marcyte Tool Free, 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
My mind and local career supports Video 560, so you ain't use UAM.
Fat Rich reminds me of my mother.
Oh fat ass rollin please go away.
Find a new way to attack up a big old home.
And eat your whole homes.
Till you it's blown.
Just like your fat fat churly ladies have to bite your seats on a plane.
Smelling your fingers that have yellow stains from sea tools.
Can't see your tools.
After picky food knows, perhaps it'll be fact disgusting and hasty.
Oi!
You make the shoving cream and smile.
Play like a cow's pad and sassy.
Think smelly, fatso, repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese goes like a crap mud.
After it was occupied by head, ask their need a shoe, or two get into your car.
And touch your tube, got them wide.
Oncansqueel, oncansqueel, oncansqueel, fat lady.
Live in with your double and seen.
Slower and extortin' the tree between her knees.
As potato yeast.
Smell fishy to me.
That is a batilda that's moist and tasty.
Watch out for that mashed batilda yeast that'll get you every time.
1133 at 560 W.D.C.M. the mad dog at 1.
The mad dog doesn't recognize this show anymore by the way.
What have we done to him?
That's Howard.
Is that what it is? Mo got to him, you think?
Yeah.
You think he's intimidated like somebody the other pussy's around?
He said as much.
Must be.
Because he just, I mean, I'm my 27th anniversary.
And like everybody else, and to answer your question by the way Hank did wish me, you know, he wasn't all.
What is wrong with the mad dog?
Howard David's bitch.
That must be it.
That must be it.
Just, you know, don't stand up for himself anymore.
It used to be like a real macho guy from Michigan.
Germanic, I am a pussy.
But not anymore.
That's okay, mad dog.
Like I said, everybody on the station is like an island unto themselves anyway.
And our management people, they don't want to do anything about it.
You sit down with them and you talk about different things that they can do.
They can create a policy that this is the way we do this.
And they don't do anything.
You can't complain about the policies at QM because there aren't any.
There aren't any.
That's why I keep telling you WQAM, we are radio-ish.
Any coincidence between this to a place and a real radio station is purely coincidental.
Wouldn't you say yes?
We got stuff.
Yeah, we got stuff.
24-7.
Yeah.
And the corporate disease and events there, man, you can't get that just anywhere.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Still haven't heard from any of the reasons about Vegas or Amsterdam while they were overrated.
WQAM.
Yeah, and the audio is looking for me.
I'm over here and I'm both taking care of some unfinished business.
The door is the door.
The door is the door.
My...
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry, Neil.
I didn't realize you're going screenless.
Yeah.
I am 35 years old and I am a self-consuminated radio junkie.
But I mean, how does the company expect somebody under the age of say 40 who doesn't even know that AM radio exists?
Why would they flip over to AM and just search and trying to find a show they didn't know was there?
You know, I'm so really correct, sir.
Right on.
You guys have some on the menu.
I want to hear a right-wing wini that was just looking for a rush.
How is somebody going to stumble across you?
They wouldn't.
It makes no sense why they got...
I don't get it.
I know off the subject, I was watching A&E last night.
At least I think it was A&E.
And they had this boy's, we'll be girl show.
I guess it was about drag queen.
Did you ever see that?
I didn't see the show but I saw the promo for it.
You find that as bizarre as I do.
That's just bizarre, right?
Yeah.
I don't have any idea to understand that whole thing with drag shows with...
And the amazing thing to me is that there are as many or more straight people that go to see that crap as gay people.
I don't get it.
They go to my last night.
These guys were coming on to these drag queens.
They called them two beer queers.
And I'm like...
And the drag queens were pretty much saying that not only did the guys get liquered up and want to come out,
they're not going to bed with them but they wanted to be dismissive.
And I'm like, oh!
Oh no!
You're gay.
Nothing like a big strap on, man.
Well, good luck to you.
Let me know.
Stay out of those joints.
Wow.
Excellent.
Not for me.
I've told you that for years.
I don't understand any of that stuff about why anybody, straight gay, undecided in between by...
Why anybody wants to go see some guy dressed up as Liza Mennelli or Judy Garland and Barbara Streisand and Diana Ross.
She's always one of those.
What is that?
It's an enigma.
I don't get it.
What's the attraction?
What's the appeal?
You can see a screamer like Freaky Carlos out there in front with a 75 body piercings and is a...
Let me go out and think, ring this.
Hey Carlos, go get Carlos.
No, that's not.
That's not.
Bitchie.
And you know something, he fits in there perfect, man.
Leave it to Greg Reed to put a bitchy queen like that up to reception desk to greet and meet the public.
Leave it to Greg.
Mr. PR.
There must have few letters off there.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line.
I'm your friendly station QAM or radio-ish.
WDQAM.
Neil?
Yes sir.
Hey Neil.
The poll, I think there's a huge bias.
And if the fact is probably most of the people have voted for Miami, I've probably never been out of Miami.
What do you say then?
I think.
Okay, good one.
Great.
Excellent.
I guess I pressed him with a really tough question.
See what seemed to be just the opposite.
If you were never out of Miami, what you would have no barometer judging anything else by and you'd say, yeah, that's pretty good.
Right?
So I would assume that the people who said Miami is overweighted probably are people who have been elsewhere.
See, that would make sense to me, which is why you hung up and ran away, as you said in idiotic thing.
The most overweighted city in the world is Miami 106 New Orleans 63 Paris 54 New York 31 L.A. 28 Vegas 22 still don't get it Orlando 18 Amsterdam 15 Key West 8
Tampa 7 Dallas 7 Philadelphia 4 5th go 3 and San Diego's got one out of all just a couple less than 400 votes.
Yeah, that was a really logical call.
He just made wasn't it?
No, not.
I mean, how is it possible that there are so many inarticulate people in the same place?
He sounded like a reasonably, you know, under the age of 100, like a guy with an IQ larger than his thumbnail size.
And so I'm sitting waiting for him to respawn like why he made the comment and he hangs up and runs away.
He hangs up and runs away.
27 years of this folks trying to squeeze blood out of a rock.
WQ I am.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
What I just saw on the South Florida highway epitomizes your poll today.
Yeah.
I'm in the passing lane on 8.6 North as it's life doesn't suck enough as it is.
And I'm pulling up to this van, this old van.
And just as I'm getting on his bumper to pass him, he starts, you know, slowly edging into my lane.
So I jam on the brakes and figure, okay, he didn't see me.
Well, he goes back to the middle of his lane again.
So I start up again to try to pass him.
Just as I get up to his bumper, he starts edging my lane again.
I'm thinking, what the hell is this guy doing?
So I jam on the brakes.
He goes back to the middle of the lane again.
Now I stop on it because I want to get up to the side of him so he can see me.
As I flip the side of him, what's the guy doing?
He's reading the comics page on his three wheels.
Not one piece, not a map, the comics page.
Which comic?
Mighty blues.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Okay, good luck to you.
Oh, sure.
What's wrong with me?
There are a few periodicals and stuff like that.
Why do you drive it?
20 till noon at 5.60 W.C.Y.M.
and the anus of the universe South Florida baby.
We're doing the smell at that's what it is.
It's that anus juice on the loose.
You have the little old caboose.
Oh, we got a fact from the crazy John.
Do they remember that?
Yes, we did.
Crazy John our Friday, which I didn't get a chance to read until yesterday.
Thanks a lot, crazy John, little old caboose in your field.
Beach, we love you.
And it was burgers, boy.
In fact, I mentioned George and Carlos are just dying for those.
Maybe you'll get a whole bunch of food brought into Marforia between that.
And then when Arnold's going to bring in some of them whitehots without the skid marks.
It'd be great.
Speaking of skid marks, if you got skid marks on your head or in other words a big bald spot,
you don't want to get anywhere near the mirror.
You do that fellow to go see thing where you avoid the mirrors if you're going to make it crack.
Because let's face it, bald spots are a ugly thing, man.
Nobody of any age wants to have one, especially you guys who aren't over the age of 100 yet.
But unfortunately, the hair seems to be among the missing.
Well, don't call up Robert Stack.
Don't call what's his name, John Walsh.
Just call my good buddy Charles Alfieiri. He'll find you some hair.
He'll get you the best looking natural looking hair.
You ever thought you'd have again with his natural hair line system.
He's got the best technology going.
And unlike all the other hair systems that looks synthetic, artificial, like a dead animal on your head,
the natural hair line system looks like the real thing, like the hairs going out of your scalp.
You'll look better and younger than you probably ever thought you could again.
That's why Charlie's been doing a right for well over 20 years for the famous, the rich, the infamous,
the poverty-stricken everybody in between.
Because it's affordable too.
If you're much nearages when you call, you get a special $200 discount as well off the regular price.
Charlie also services and prepares all kinds of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks.
And if you got one of them dead muskrats on your head, he'll kill it for you, no charge.
Here's the number to call tool free 1-800-321-2413.
In fact, would you love to see him work on Mo's head?
One-eighth-
Three-two-one-2413, or check them out on the worldwide wicked web at Charles Alfieiri.com.
My, my, and local. This is 420560.
My way and way and way.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
You asked, Hall, I, is it a present time to be a Wall Street investor?
And when most people think of the present things, they think of Ireland.
And don't you know, that's how Smith Blarney was barbed?
Smith Blarney.
The investment firm run by Ron Canoeil.
At Smith Blarney, we buy high, we sell high, we do everything high.
And that's why we don't worry and spread about losing money.
Fair to McGorough, why should we?
It's your money.
Sure, and you're probably asking yourself, why should I trust my money to the likes of the beer, full of manajor at Smith Blarney?
Well, my friend, with the way that Don Mark is going right now, we sure couldn't do any worse than the tea totale in Yahoo's over at Drives.
And speak in Yahoo, this stock is still good by us.
And remember, friends, when the stock becomes completely worthless, the certificates still make dandy fine cocktail napkins.
Remember, friends, when Smith Blarney talks.
People, listen, of course they can't really understand what they were saying, because we're slurin' our words.
Smith Blarney.
The investment house you turn to when the wearer of the green is more important than the making of the green.
Obviously they know matured, 1145 at 560 W.Q.A.M.
So the inquirer says, Jack O'Victim blames his mom and hasn't talked to her since.
Ready for that?
Yeah.
He knew that was hard to understand.
I was just saying that he never molested the 13-year-old boy who paid millions to silences, been blown out of the water by shocking new evidence uncovered by the inquirer.
Oi!
The boy was so shattered by the scandal blaming his mother for being molested that he hasn't spoken to his mom in 10 years the inquirer has learned exclusively.
And to this day, the now 23-year-old man has been unable to maintain a serious relationship with a woman.
In Jackson's recent headline making TV interview, he once again denied him molested the boy, and previously he insisted that the payoff resulted from extortion by the boy and his father.
But a source close to the case which remains open but inactive, told the inquirer, if the boy disowned his mother since then and is still not speaking to her, it's very telling, it means that it never was extortion.
Months before the child molestation scandal broke the inquirer first report of the story of Jackson's bizarre relationship with the boy in our May 25, 1993 issue.
We disclose the Jackson that adopted the boy's mom and her two children, the 13-year-old and his half-sister age five, soon after he met them in an LA Carrendle office in May of 1992.
The mother was divorced from the boy's father and had remarried.
Over the course of 15 months, Jackson frequently slept along with the boy in his bedroom at his Neverland Ranch, and he took the 13-year-old as half-sister and mother on trips to Las Vegas, Florida, and Monaco, where he also slept alone in the same bed with the boy, with the permission of his mother.
Ready for this? Yeah, I heard all that.
The boy's father of Beverly Hills dentist eventually reported Jackson to authorities the Santa Barbara District County District Attorney's Office launched a 13-month probe and convened a grand jury looking at these sex abuse charges.
When the scandal broke, the Jackson side was saying the boy and his father were making the claim to shake down Jackson for money, said the close source.
They called it an extortion case, but if the boy cut off all contact with his mother, this is very significant. It shows that after all these years, the boy blames his mother for putting him in that situation where he was molested.
Get it? You're following the bouncing balls? Go ahead.
There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, we're still waiting to find out why people say that, and you know it's one city that hasn't been mentioned by anybody and I'm glad?
Sat. Toronto? No. Well, no, that's true. Nobody mentioned that. And why the hell should they? Chicago. Right? Chicago is a great city. Sure was. I mean, I'm sure it still is.
I think it still has. I haven't been there in a long time, but I think it's a great city. I mean, as long as you stay out of those areas, but that's true in any big city in the US.
It's got its places, but Chicago is just a wonderful place. The food is great. You can walk downtown in the loop. You do a little loopy loop.
You stay at the risk, Carlton downtown. Pay an arm in a leg. Nobody's mentioned that. But probably not somebody will just out of spite.
My amy's running away with it now. The most overrated city in the world, Miami 116, the world in 65, Paris 55. It's a small potatoes after that.
You're right. Nobody mentioned to Toronto either or Montreal or Vancouver. Right. But I think that guy, he even though he was like he had a backward the guy that hung up and ran away because he didn't know what he was talking about.
I think he didn't have one point and that is that we got so many pro-ocial people who've never been anywhere. Now what are they going to say? You know, right? That's great.
I think maybe that's what he meant, but he got all panicky and ran away because he was a scared. So you said it to QIN. Yes sir. That you. It's me.
Happy anniversary. Hey, listen, Pompano Park. You guys were talking about it last week in the guy from Pompano Park called it and said he was going to with the horses to a 72 daily double. Yeah.
I went there on Friday, that's a 72 box with there and also picked up a ticket for Saturday, seven and two box. Guess what? Didn't come in either day. Damn it. What? My birthday is eight to on Friday night. Eight to hit.
Oh, we're not. Yes, sir. I got to thank Neil God for that. There you go. Happy anniversary. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pell. Whatever he just said. I was even more terminal and riches call.
Five. I'm over. It's just called was interesting because you talked about this spaghetti dinner. All the answers that showed up for the free spaghetti. Nice. Go on boys. Huh? I still got it. In spite of what Mr. Ego would tell you with his old real old. Yantz. Oh brother. I wonder Frank Craig's up there at the track with Nick Nick Lawrence and Brian Craig and Steve and Steve and Brian Craig and Nick Lawrence and Nick and Craig and Brian. Oh, man. God. What a sorry. I still entourage. That is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a year. You know, we'll get all of them.
We don't want to want to clock and we will have one person call in and explain why they said that Amsterdam or Vegas or any of these others, but those two in particular why they're overrated the most overrated. I'm, you know, I'm curious yellow. Right.
Even if you're a slipper like me, you have a great time in Vegas because everything's so cheap. If not free. Right. WCYM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Just got a question. I'm. Whatever you guys are talking about. Um, the little sound. The guy saying, yeah, is that on your site at all?
I don't know. Is it on our website? I didn't send it up there. I didn't think anybody was interested in that. It's a thing to read.
Read sounds. Yeah. Is that one on the site? I got to have it. Just to tell the clubbies. What? If you want it on there, we'll put it on there. Please put it on there. Okay.
Stand business. Love you. Okay. So there you go. You want it? We're getting on here. You got it. It's stinky winky. In addition to which we have a lot more pictures on that.
Damn, I'm really disappointed. I can't. I was like, sure. Just let us down. But you're the moment of the camera with that highfalutin digital camera.
Somebody else I know has a highfalutin digital camera. They should have taken it to Toronto with them. And what would I tell them with that?
Take pictures of your studio, the view out your window, the feet. That's what people because we have no idea what your life looks like up there.
What do you mean by life? What is that? Ask as fat hole. He's been in here. Well, that's just well.
I think it's about the alley about the short cut. You're just right. You're talking about pictures. Walk around with your little digicam and snap some.
I'm talking about pictures of people not of windows in the sun. We'll shine in the clouds. I'm talking about the people. The people that we talk about on this show every day.
We have to put it. Don't be making a cop out once again. The people you're talking about are on there. The beast is on there. Yeah, I gave I gave pictures of the beast all of that.
How about the sales department? Are they all screw in on there? No, not screw in that sloppy ass old bag. Is she on there? How about the water?
Not see we got that pitch on there with their OJ posters and her shaleili. No. There's a whole lot of people that need to be on there.
I noticed you got the picture of Greg with his finger stuck down where his brain used to be. I know that someone's kind of good. Yeah, got that shmitty and look on the fact. You know the sound that he's making.
When you look at that picture like that. Right in between saying, oh my god, it's a lawsuit.
We got back. I still can't get over you know something. I'm squeezing myself right now. I actually reached out and squeezed myself. I'm so excited for norm can't pull him over on them.
Finally, after all this time, after the treat us like crap and lying to us and not returning people's phone calls and not people.
I'll pay in people their money and lying about that back in November when we had that now in from his meeting about you know what back then.
Here's Alan for tell their Jew lawyer sitting on the other side of the table. Oh no, I got your invoice right here and you're going to get paid this week.
That was in November. It's the fourth of March. And the man has to threaten to file a lawsuit to get paid.
Money's that they agree that they owe him, but they'll pay him when he get around with it. And then in a fit of peak, our fearless waiter says,
Oh, you're never getting another f in penny out of me slam. You know like that.
And then Norma hears that. That sound. Yeah, just like that. That sound. The one that tough is going to hear a paper calls you again.
I mean, I don't want to be seen on friendly with muff or with those people. I just I just don't want to talk to him. You know what I'm saying? There's a difference.
You follow on the same. No. I don't want to I don't want to be bothered with small talk from that place because that's one of the reasons that I'm not there.
That's one of the main reasons. I don't in fact I was going to come back in April for a full week and do some shows from down there.
And you know, take care of some business in the house and do taxes and stuff. I don't even know if I want to do that now.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you're saying because it's too stressful being there.
Did I just get through having a stroke being there for those seven weeks and you get fat?
And well, why do you think I had the stroke sitting around on my ass eating and eating and eating and eating and eating and meals kitchen there which is supposed to be a talk studio?
There's no food in here. I'll tell you there's not a goddamn drop of food in this place except in my lunch.
Which is huh? Not even almond. No, no, no crap. I got to get serious. Now see that's another problem is that nobody takes it serious.
Man, just had a stroke. Ah, well, let's go eat. Let's go out to the dirt. No. See, I thank Rimmer for that although it's really because it was cold.
It was so cold yesterday. Nobody wanted to leave for wherever the hell they were so you didn't want to leave his hotel. So I got lucky.
Not only did I have to buy him anymore free meals, but also I didn't have to eat any food I didn't want.
Can't afford to do it anymore. Okay. Can't because the next one's going to be the last one. Okay.
And then you're going to be having a show there. It's going to be yours for about a week until they figure what else to put on.
I just a gackie for four hours. Right. It's the Clarex and John Wienershow I understand.
Yeah, the Clarex and John Wienershow. That sounds like a real wiener to me, huh? Speaking of Wiener old and his Wieners.
God. What am I getting all worked up about? I don't know. I'm sure it though. And I'm glad that I can't. I actually can't get a little worked up.
See, I'd rather get worked up about the show and doing a more interesting and exciting show as opposed to getting worked up about stuff like on a phone or Friday.
Stuff that I don't even know what they're talking about. And I'm saying, hey guys, I don't want to get in the middle of all of this because I don't know what you're dealing with.
Call up Norma Kent. Call up this one. Do something else. And I don't want to have another stroke for you guys.
And my blood pressure is going through the roof because the phone is ringing and ringing and back about about about about it. All the other crap.
We are dealing with crazy people are just in case you hadn't noticed. Okay, you do. I just not just in case you missed that.
Oh, okay. Just in case Carlos hasn't caught on yet. You are working with crazy people a whole bunch of them including the closer you get to the top, the crazier they are.
You follow what I'm saying? Right exactly what they're saying. Crazy people. Delusional paranoid, psychotic.
At QAM, don't forget we're radio-ish. Maybe that's the reason. Maybe that's another reason we're not really like a real radio station.
Can we get a call about Vegas while they don't like it? No. WQAM.
Smooth jazz. All right. Love 94. 93.9. I'm never gonna kill it. Next, Chick-Courier.
Coming up next, Mel Courier. Easy somebody. Good Korean. WQAM.
Neil. Yes. I have a statistic for you. I recently heard it on TV. We're not world travelers here in the US.
Only like 10% of the population has a passport and only 4% use these passports. So that's a stat you ought to know people ought to think about.
And then to top it off, most people don't read. So how informed are we? Not too informed. Yeah. Okay.
Kind of parochial I think is the word you're looking for. Parochial, yeah. All right. Thanks. Maybe that's how we got a leader like that. You know?
Like that. You think? And the scary part is they like them. Love them 56, 4 minutes. Still known as 560 WQAM.
Our big noon to 1 hour. Then of course tomorrow being Wednesday or noon to 1 hours. The Neil comedy bits are right.
Oh, man. Can't wait. And I'm going to be talking three times as fast tomorrow. I'm going to get a lot of material.
I am. Like motor mouth again. Hey, let me tell you right now about something you ought to stick in your mouth.
No, not that. I'm talking about great food from florist pizza. It is sensational. Everything is fresh and you'll taste the difference.
Nothing comes out of a can. You can tell that by the just made fresh taste from the sauce to the freshly made pizza dough and the fresh baked garlic rolls because everything is baked right there.
And the premises at florist. It's a South Florida institution. Well, just about everything else in town has gone into the tank and last of many, many years.
Floors is still going strong. In fact, they got new owners, but the great old taste is back. Everybody tells me that. And we know because in January,
I remember the great free meal. I brought five to do. And they use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody else in town.
You'll be walking around with a big smile on your face and a big bunch of oozing melted cheese all around your waistline.
Don't take my word for it. Find out for yourself. Go to 731 North East 79th Street, brought up this Canvola bar, preferably in the daytime or call florist for delivery at 305 758 5351.
That's 305 758 5351. They'll deliver from 34th and Biscayne all the way to 135th and Biscayne. They'll go to quesai, the cricket club, the jockey club or Hankies to live to me.
Floors even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue in East of Collins in 71st. Give them a call. If you're nice to little Judy, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials like the 1399 for large cheese, pilot, or soda, six delicious chicken wing special call florist anytime and tell them that federal meal,
like I said, a South Florida landmark that's still going strong 305 758 5351 305 758 5351.
Oh, how it a day, but the only thing funny other than rape of them is that pipe smokers 12 or 1 hour.
Oh, don't lie. All the Harper.
Every time I see every card it dimwitch.
No, no, no, no, no, no. My TV.
Here's President Thum.
Rapub, a kid, muscle, and an archaic, and an idiot.
I don't know why they wanted watches, y'all, but now he's here.
There's proof of it for years.
With President Thum.
Oh, what I get to do, don't vote for small, and get to wheel your voted for one.
Here's your one best.
Don't love love lips drumming, stupid me.
Don't love love, don't find this drug in rich here.
Don't love love, please even.
Lover than me.
Peace, President Thum.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him here by hook or crawl up from the Christian road.
Oh, what's best for you and I, but have no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thum.
Oh, what the fuck?
Rubble three and five, six, you know, this fact that this is a stonishing shock.
And it's so infinite stupidity.
It says, regarding the inquire Michael Jackson story, I'm not a Michael Jackson supporter,
but just because the allegedly molested boys estranged from his mother,
doesn't mean it's because he was actually molested.
Who knows what has happened since they cashed in.
There are millions of reasons why he wouldn't talk to his mother anymore.
Besides, why did the boy who was 13 years old at the time,
old enough to make his own decisions, continued to sleep in Michael's bed for months,
if he had a problem with it?
Doesn't it sound like the, uh, that tells a couple of questions all over again?
Yeah.
Let's blame the victims.
Why did they keep coming back, huh?
Just because he was star struck and the guy with lavish and gifts upon him.
Right, because mommy wanted the cash and because she put him in that position.
That's why.
God, this guy obviously knows a lot about child molestation, huh?
As in nothing.
Thank you, father.
Uh, because they know not what they do.
5, 6, 7.
Look at that phone, man.
We're trying to get some answers here.
Why they voted this way and to pull today nothing now.
Nothing zero.
Is anybody do down the screenless Tuesday?
God.
The most overrated city in the world is Miami, 119.
New Orleans, 69, Paris, 61, New York, 37, LA, 34.
Vegas, 27.
Nobody will tell us why.
Maybe they can't afford a phone anymore.
Key West, 24, Orlando, 22, Amsterdam, 17.
Nobody will tell us why.
Tampa, 10.
And first of all, why would you say, uh, I don't even know why I put it on there.
When it come right down to accept that one fact from the guy from Tampa.
Does anybody say Tampa is a great place?
No.
Have you ever heard anybody say, wow, why I sure would like to go to Tampa for a number of weeks?
No.
Uh, Dallas 9, Philadelphia 5, Frisco 3, San Diego 2, and Luxembourg is never any.
Why did we put Luxembourg on there?
Oh, just because that guy faxed it.
So in other words, just because somebody faxes something we'll put it on there.
Luxembourg, how many people in this audience?
And the whole audience, you think of it in Luxembourg any time in their life?
Yeah.
Uh-huh, maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe they loved it.
WQA, Luxembourg line.
Hello.
What is a Jeff Rimmer?
Mm-hmm.
WQA M.
WQA M.
Yeah, what's up?
Yes, sir.
How about the Bahamas, the most overrated place in the world?
The Bahamas is a city?
Well, NASA.
NASA would be good.
Yeah, I agree with you on that.
There's ungrateful people over there.
Excellent choice.
I'm dying over here.
How many of you put on NASA?
He's right, NASA Bahamas.
Go on over there.
NASA, Kamabahama's, make sure they know because they wouldn't know NASA
from there.
They'll think we're talking about Long Island, they don't know.
You know what I'm saying?
Ground Line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless Line, rolling along, singing the song.
I'm going to just try to put that other stuff out of my mind.
What's left of it?
That activity that took place on Friday between the phone calls and the psychotic episodes.
And Greg Reed going off the deep end like a little child who forgot to put on his depends.
Very sad, Greg.
Very tragic.
If you can't make life pleasant for other people, make it as miserable for everybody as you possibly can.
We don't have an award for him on that because he's doing a magnificent job.
W-D-Q-I-M.
On another poll show.
Yeah, you got it. W-D-Q-I-M.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah.
The guy with that, oh, too late.
The guy with that faceless voice.
He's the same one as the other guy.
He's the other guy.
I forgot to realize that up until this moment.
It's just Mr. Negative.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Till this moment, I thought it was Barzini all along.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
You know what?
I think this time the poll is like right on the money I was coming out because my am is like an easy target.
But when you think about it, it really is such an overrated city because people they talk about South Siege
and that it's got the Latin-the-great Latin community and it's all a bunch of bulls.
Yes, South, South, you know what it reminds me of when they put whammy on here.
Remember in the beginning when they put the TV station on here?
Yeah.
And they thought, oh, we're going to appeal to the really hit crowd.
We're going to do all the shows from South Beach.
And it's going to have that flavor to it.
And of course, that went over like a pregnant pool
ball around a hot day in July and Hill.
So there's nothing.
There's a couple of clubs, but it's like a pool.
Right.
There's about 10 locks down here on Collins Avenue
and Washington Avenue and the South Bay and the A1A.
And that's it.
It's a toilet.
The whole city's basically a toilet.
It really is.
They're right on the money with that.
I mean, it's an easy target, like I said.
And I did right down the board because New Orleans,
that's been in New Orleans.
And I think it's also a very overrated place as well.
Because you just got, you have some good restaurants
and places to eat, but there's not much there.
You have the French Quarter, you know,
but there's not much going on there.
And France, I've never been to Paris,
but I can't stand the French.
So I can go on.
Don't go, man.
That's the biggest problem with Paris.
Too many Frenchmen.
Yeah.
All right.
I just wanted to put my two cents in.
OK, Miguel.
Thanks.
He's right.
South Beach is a few blocks down there on the ocean.
And that's it.
What else has the claim to fame, bokeh?
Coconut grove?
Oh, I wanted it.
Medley?
Sweet water?
What do we got?
Tantation acres?
Is that the big attraction?
There you go.
The sawgrass moves out that mall.
We're going to have all those people sloughing.
Let me tell you right now, when the second biggest tourist
attraction in the state of Florida next to Disney World
is the sawgrass mall.
Then I know we've got some real problems in the state.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Doesn't that tell you something wrong?
Oh, you knew.
Can you tell me what's out there at the sawgrass
beside a lot of Brazilians?
What is it?
Along the walk from your park and spot?
No, but seriously, what is the magnet?
You know, when you go to a shopping mall,
there's usually like a bird eye and a macy's.
There's a magnet.
There's something that draws people there
that's a really great store that's
really unique, a sharper image, a something, right?
Right.
What is it?
Must be the JC Penny outlet mall.
That must be a store.
Huh?
Wow.
What are clients like to say?
56670560.560 on the AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
WQAM?
Neil God.
Sure.
Speaking.
Well, I just want to say thanks for taking my call.
I don't have to say a word.
Just love saying that.
I know.
Okay, good.
WQAM.
Neil, can I ask you a question?
No.
Who is on the phone?
No.
No question.
We're asking a question today, sir.
Instead of these people, let's have been going on for about two weeks now.
I've got a couple of questions for you.
We're asking a question, okay?
Okay.
Who is on the chicken legs?
Yeah, exactly.
See what I'm saying?
WQAM.
Yeah, I've got a few.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
How are the day 1?
I want to say why I consider Vegas to be overrated.
Okay.
Excellent.
It's always been known as Sin City.
And to me, basically, the sex trade in Vegas is right with just rip off scams.
Just a very disappointing scene as far as that end of the business goes.
The sex trade in Vegas?
Yeah, as far as the strip clubs, the horse.
The horse.
You know, all that stuff, all these things.
Okay.
And that's why I consider it to be overrated.
Just a very expensive place to go, a place to lose a lot of money,
a lot of hype, a lot of glitz, nothing's real.
It's just a hole in the desert.
Okay, I'll buy that.
Much better sex funding the sun down here.
Much better sex in South Florida than in Vegas?
Absolutely.
And much better than an Amsterdam than both of them put together.
Oh, that Amsterdam.
And for that, I go to Rio.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, not Amsterdam.
Well, what does that mean?
Not Amsterdam.
What is the other word about the scene?
That trade in Amsterdam is good, according to him.
I beg your pardon?
That's what I meant.
Somebody please interpret for me now.
I need an interpreter as it not overrated.
Oh, I see.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I see what he's saying.
If you're looking to get laid in Vegas, I mean, you know,
Hank can't look to get laid when he goes out there.
He just wants the punches gutz out.
Isn't that true?
Not looking for much of great hookers out there.
You can get all the hookers you want right there in South Florida.
I'm stood on, baby.
The red light district.
And if you go to the right one, you're all different parts of it.
If you go to the right one, they got the beautiful white chicks.
I don't want to start racist or anything like that.
But, wow.
Woo!
Heavy, heavy duty.
I'm just telling you that.
Because someday maybe you'll fall in new, you know,
you'll find a bunch of money on a street corner somewhere.
Maybe.
Probably not.
It's one of its past noon at 560 or maybe even less likely than that.
Your good close personal friend, Al Goldstein, will get you a plane ticket
for you and your whole family.
And send you over there, you can use his apartment right.
And have a great time.
Departments like right in the middle of the red light district, Al's joint.
Yeah.
Let me tell you right now about the beat.
I'm still waiting here at the beast.
The reason I'm pausing here is it's balance for life is back again.
I don't know what to talk about because I mean, I know they talk about their great.
No, no, seriously.
Are we going to get any word on him?
Or am I just going to, as usual, get left hanging here again?
How many messages do you want me to leave for?
Well, I'm not talking about leaving for him.
Doesn't anybody, do we have the experience around Mr. Sports?
What would you laugh about?
Nobody knows what happened to this guy to this chubby little, I mean, he's not the kind of guy who could disappear easy, you know?
It's not like looking for Osama Yamama.
This guy, if he disappeared, people would notice.
Maybe he's hiding behind a lamp post.
Well, he lost over 50 pounds last time and he just disappeared.
Maybe he lost so much weight he just, we can't even see him anymore.
That could be it.
How do you do it on balance for life and out your turn?
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no counter-recounting, no carb counting, no nothing counting.
The only work you have to do is fill out that little menu every week,
choose between two alternatives for each meal every day or on a program,
and balance for life does all the cooking and all of the figuring based on the zone diet, just for you.
They bring a little black sack by six o'clock in the morning, your house, to your work,
and in your sack is all the food you need for the entire day.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, and believe you me, when I say the food is delicious, it's fresh.
Nothing frozen, nothing pre-bad, nothing but a bunch of chemicals in there, fresh, delicious food to keep you full all day long.
And the weight will pour off your body just like it was doing on the beast until he got so thin he finished it in the thin air.
Let balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all and get into some good health too.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29.
9-5-4-568-32-29, or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web if you like it, balanceforlife.com.
5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
The lowest isn't going to Disney World and action! Give it a moment of dignity, more! I'm sorry, Ray, I have to do that again! Give it a moment of dignity, more! Ray, Ray, Ray! What? You know the line, right, Ray? Give it a moment of dignity, more! I'm going to Disney World! What is it? Give it a moment of dignity, more! All right, here we go, no problem and action! Give it a moment of dignity, more! Ray, what the heck is wrong with you? Hey, don't pin me off! What? Hey! What? Hey! Oh God! Oh God!
I beat him, he beat him, he beat him, he beat him! Oh God! Ray! Isn't it irritating? They beat me! They beat him, they beat him, they beat him! I mean, Ray, you won't make more of a choice! Oh God, I meant too long! Give it a moment of dignity, Lisie! We've till tough === Top 17 and Top 16 overcoming 10. Top 17 and Top 16 54 are Put Now 10S
they to a teen suspended over twin towers t-shirt, more and more of this kept going on in America
every single day, more censorship, more kids being set home because they're not politically
correct. They might upset somebody, they might offend somebody, might piss somebody off.
An eighth grader has been suspended from school for wearing a t-shirt with a drawing of two
towers in airplane and a man in traditional Arab headdress in Chicago Ridge, Illinois.
Officials at Finley, Jr. high school in Chicago Ridge, a suburb west of Chicago, told
E. N. I. Tanny's mother in letter that the 14-year-old's decision to wear the t-shirt
could be taken as a promotion of terrorism.
Colleen I. Tanny said her son whose father is of Lebanese descent was simply trying
to send a message that all Arabs are not responsible for the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
E. N. I. Tanny was suspended February 19, superintendent Bernard Jumbak declined to comment
citing student privacy policies. The boy got the idea after listening to cheers from his
classmates following the attacks, Colleen I. Tanny said he used a black market to draw
two skyscrapers in an airplane on the front of the shirt and a bearded man wearing a headdress
on the back. Everywhere I go people call us camels because of what happened he said so
I put the drawing on my shirt to tell him who did it and to say that me and my Arab
friends didn't do it. And he made camels, jockies, I think, but you know, he said everywhere
he goes they're smoking camels on the other side.
Tanny said they're considering suing the school for writing the boys right to free speech
and I say you go guys okay. Everything's gotta be just so and we don't want to offend
this one and we don't want to offend that one. I'm sick of it man. Just like the stuff
that we can't play on a ear here because of him our fans this one. It's a bunch of bull
crap okay. Everybody's a freaking coward now. Everybody just cowers in the broom closet
because they're afraid somebody's gonna come after him because it's not politically correct.
That's what I say to that. Don't you? Right. Amen. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon wireless line. I think that guy had a point on Vegas you know.
A little on the chinsy side. I'll have to take his word for it. I don't know how much
the hookers are in Vegas. I'm not just talking about that but it's you know it's it's
gaudy right. I mean it's a lot of fun. I like it. I'm not gonna go back anytime soon
because it's too damn far away but it's fun. It's intentionally gaudy. Yeah. That's
you know that's camp. He can't get laid there is what he's trying to say. And as far as
the locals out there are concerned. I mean you know if you go there at a time which
out you know maybe now because of what's going on in the world right but are nearly
anytime you go there anymore it's just packed with tourists. But if you go there and
just the locals are there I mean talk about a bunch of mug ones you might as well be
almost a Nashville. Measwell be in Tampa. 5 6 7 0 5 it's like Amsterdam same thing like
when I was there in December. Almost no tourist all the locals all the roster drug people.
Man. Oh the aroma just knock you right on your ass.
WDQ I am. Yeah hi. Yes sir. I want to go back to the 90s. I tell you these are nervous
times. I think your job to let me turn this down. Yeah it's her town. Your job to entertain
is getting increasingly more difficult. What do you mean? Well I mean times are seem
you know are precarious at best and here you're you're doing an entertainment show.
Yeah. I want to stay away from current events and so forth. But well let me
ask you this what is there to stay I mean they can go on our website and read all the articles
that I think that they ought to read but as far as rehashing it on here what is there to say?
I just took a look at the news week the the front cover if you see it.
About the Bush and God there's well there's two yeah two articles one by fineman how faith
changes life and shapes his presidency in the second one by Martin Marney why his God talk worries
friends and foes right and which I haven't read yet but I'm going to since I get off the phone
right but it's he's there you know clutching his hands and his eyes are you know shut yeah it's very
scary I agree with it but well what am I going to say or do you change that you know I know
well people if I can give people a few laughs I'm doing a tremendous service at this stage of the
game I mean you're talking about ratings I mean one possible explanation is that you know
people are more worried and it's it's the it's almost harder in a way to tune in I mean I frankly
used to laugh I think more at your shows than I perhaps do today and not because of anything you're
doing or not doing so so in other words what you're saying is if I wanted to sit here and pontificate
every day we'd have big ratings because let me tell you right now I don't do shows to get ratings
I do whatever the best show is I can that I think people want to listen to I'm going to give
it at a given time your life favor down here don't get me wrong I mean well so I you're putting me
in a catch 22 I mean if if I don't do this I'm not doing the right thing I think you should just
continue doing what you're doing it's worked all these years and just throw in a few articles
like you were saying occasionally you know but I think I think it's great I listen all the time
okay thank you all right just throw me a life raft please here you go I mean you talk about I
mean he was a good guy listens all the time that's nice but what did he just say I don't know
what did he just get through telling me maybe the reason the ratings are down maybe did it
dawn on you the reason the ratings are down is because all the right wingers got to die reason
last two trends I'm not worried about the ratings the one that called and admitted it right like
I want to call and told us that he punished me in the month of December because he got
diaries they wouldn't put me down because he hasn't ruined my politics I'm not I'm not going to
sit here and pander to anybody to try to get ratings in addition to which if we get a three
share for next to three and a half years whatever I got left that's what Greg Reed deserves anyway
he doesn't deserve a big audience what is he done to build it like the like the guy said in the last
hour how does anybody discover this show on this radio station not to promote his self as all sports
anyway w few a.m. we got balls one and that would be cute if it had something to do with the hosts
see balls you just said it they use their crystal ball to find you no I'm I'm serious that way
if it had something to do with not just the ball games but it had something to do with the host
and what we say on this station and what we do that makes it so different from all the other
god damn Pavlam stations from all of pre-fabricated stations whether piped and syndicated crap
but he doesn't want to do that let's face it he's resisted doing that he's lied about gonna
do I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do that he never does it and then when I say you know well where
are the other billboards where they're gonna be where the where can people look from I get no
response it's just like my asking about the beast they just leave you a hanging they just leave
you hanging so whatever we get that's it that's it I'm not gonna worry about it
we had 75 million people at Pompato Park last night for a free spaghetti dinner was promoted
only through this show basically and that's end the reason being because they all heard it about
how many arouders show that's why we got a log full of spots here the money is come in hand over
fist why not whether we had a five one or a ten one or a forty five one or a zero point one
the making a difference because they know everybody's listening and because they get response not
because they think I look lovely or because they like Georgia's personality but because they know
they're gonna get response they move schmid off the shelf that's what it's all about
but I mean boy you talk about and he is right in one point and it is it's hard to find a happy
medium because like I told you the seven months that I said here doing the bedtime stories I felt
I was accomplishing something and I'm stupid I wasn't accomplishing anything except for myself
and maybe a couple of you that wanted like suck around you know stupid yeah that's what I was
being nobody wants to hear some old fart reading on the ear I do well yeah you do how many diaries
you got none so on the one hand it's you know I'm not gonna specifically say well I'm gonna talk
about this today it'll get great great ratings but in terms of the way you do the show in addition to
which the reason I started doing that with some people in the building forget I don't want to
mention no names duff and clearance the reason I started doing that is because when they put us on
from nine to one do you remember the tremendous difficulty we had in generating anything at nine
o'clock yeah it's the dead hour it's the worst hour of the day and traditionally it has been
everybody is involved they're immersed in listening to whatever other show they want would
certainly anthem homies they're they're listening to whatever especially for entertainment
that's why he'd be better off to have a sports hour between like nine and ten
to counter the other entertainment shows the sports there is they'll listen
and so once it became almost impossible moving the time around and especially with no promotion on it
we I just decided hey I'm not gonna sit here and talk to a bunch of cranks all day every day
because we can't get any momentum going we can't get any structure going on this show and so I
want to bring bedtime stories for hours a day I'm not as well been reading the tiny and look
what happened to him see what I'm saying it was a killer so I'm just doing like I said like he
said whatever the hell you said the best I can trying to mix it up a little bit give people a few
yokes and that's it and like I said Greg if we get a five-year or a fifty-year or a point five
whatever we're a case of Ross or off because the other guy was absolutely correct and the
clearest is sitting there was eating the demographics we get older I still have to laugh at that
that thing we did over the weekend that was very revealing did you see like three percent of our
audience has discovered us in the last six months to a year three percent how are they
supposed to find out about is a little bird gonna come to they we sending out carrier pigeons
with a message to their window saying God we got something really different and exciting and
fun on the air that you won't find any place else no we're not doing that we got a billboard on
Pembroke Road 95 somewhere which about once every 15 seconds shows my push on here and if you
look real quick you'll see before it changes into something else so look in the mirror okay look
in the mirror you clown zero Q a m and don't call me I'll call you truck 27 and 560 WQM if you're
still reluctant about ordering a bet over the phone don't be over a million people including me
have bottomatris over the phone from dollar mattress plus hundreds more people are doing it every week
you know to know about dollar mattress now we've been talking about them on a show for many years
and nothing has a bigger impact on your life every single day than the way you sleep at night
call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now you'll have a great night sleep from dollar mattress
easiest thing in the world one easy call you just sit there on your ass and they'll be knocking on
you door when it's convenient for you 1-800-MAT-T-R-S they carry a sealy
sir to Simmons King Coal every size every style they're all in stock ready for nearly immediate
delivery no bait and swish you get exactly the one you're looking for dollar mattress is ranked
number one a customer satisfaction they've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody
else because they know how to treat their customers right and once you buy mattress from dollar
mattress you'll never go back to a showroom again and don't forget when you do buy one from dollar
mattress they set up the brand new one and take away the crappy old betting for free that's right
dollar mattress sets up the new one takes away the crappy old betting for free so make the call
now to dollar mattress enjoy a great night sleep tonight and for months and years to come 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
that's 1-800-MAT-T-R-S for dollar mattress the easiest the smartest the most inexpensive way to
buy you a great name brand mattress
we're supporting you 5-6-T-R-U-A-M
voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
well I guess it would be nicer if I could sleep with anyone make love to almost anyone
because it's been so low oh yeah I've only done it twice since the year 1992
but there was answer which they do I couldn't help myself he looks so good after all that
removed with an echo kid man and Tom Cruiseball I'd gladly would sexually miss but hey
oh but I could them both say George Mike goes gone mad we would never make it with that guy on
there's a cozy shame yeah wanna have sex son I gotta have sex son yeah I gotta have sex
so sex so sex so I gotta have sex so sex so sex so okay 1233 and talk about enough to make you cry
so I'm checking my emails before last break yeah during it or after it or sometime in around it
yes here's an email from Lynn Samuels who tells me that she just got you listening to the new
George Michael record and it almost made her cry and she's got where you could download it and
she said maybe George could like download it and we could play it on the air you're like so joking
right no come on and when I read when I read her email do you know what it made me almost do cry yes
but seriously what yes I'm not making that up I don't believe it
I don't know what you would make me cry easier reading that message or hearing about
Rosie O'Donnell being on with Phil Donahue or hearing about the beast or hearing about the beast
this this is provided you get some information we heard from him and he spoke to Carlos so
take it away Carlos yeah he called in and he says he's sick had a very horrible voice on I don't know
it was a fake movie split probably yeah so he was very sick he left a message somewhere he's
unsure why we did not receive that message but he's been under the weather and he apologizes he's
been under the weather for how long he didn't say I guess he didn't say he said he's been in bed for
the last while I just checked my voice mail there's no matter who for me yes I'll bet a lot
respect to me I guarantee you when that putt wacker comes while I'm back in there next time he can
and hops on that scale it's gonna go tilt you mark my words he was probably on another cruise
with mommy and daddy or he was out there shmuzin with the a hirku with somebody whatever you'll
see he's not fooling this kid maybe he's fooling you guys not fooling me five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T so anyway I'm wiping the tears from my eyes about George my
oh no I just I can't handle it anymore I just can't take it I can't stand it I just cannot
stand it you follow what I'm saying yeah it's very I really thought you were just I was not making
that up I wasn't joking I was not joking anywhere pulled it I'm gonna try it listen next time I
started in about Greg Reed or Dufflin Z or about the billboard just just tell me to cut the crap okay
because I get myself aggravated I'm I'm legitimately I'm legitimately very upset over what went
on here on Friday in this place in my apartment here on the phone and the in the behavior of the
people down here who just have no respect for human life or anything everything is a big joke
everything is a game this is a job this isn't my life this is a means to an end that's what it is
if this was my life I would jump out the window right now I guarantee you that this is my life
sitting here reading emails about George Michael's new song is so powerful and almost made
limb cry that like I said that's enough to make me weak for hours yeah I don't give a flying
crap about Miss Michael okay or any other damn screaming queen the most overrated city in the
world is Miami 131 New Orleans 77 Paris 66 Key West 54 New York 43 LA 42 Vegas 29 for the reasons
that the guy said he can't get laid there Orlando 26 Amsterdam 19 Tampa 12 Dallas 10 Phil
Philadelphia 10 San Francisco for an ass on a Bahamas got four already we just put that on there got four
people are trying to get treated like crap San Diego 3 and then it's something just it just
skipped where is it oh we're gonna have the aspirin Colorado come from oh that was mine I didn't
know I had put on the list already I meant to bring that up what what do you mean it was yours
who the hell said you had a choice on here you little putts that was yours aspen Colorado
was highly overrated yeah and based based on where else have you been besides those places steamboat
springs steamboat will springs bail copper mountain man I've been skiing to quite a few places steamboat
willy I snore and I mean just it's just more expensive than the other places and everybody gets
to walk around with their expensive for okay well we'll leave that on there for your amusement and
Luxembourg doesn't have any which it doesn't belong under in the first place but yeah whatever let
them look it up on the map look with a big magnifying glass because Luxembourg is about as big as most
people's living room 56705 60 pound 560 on again you're gonna love that New George Michael
single boys really powerful it'll bring tears to your eyes I'm gonna download it so we can
play it on the show no WQ I am yes I this is Jackie Weissman we got this connected earlier about
your rental on sunset what what are you talking about this is a radio station oh you 5670560
right this is WQ I am this is the new Roger showed you know who I am I sure do don't why I don't
understand I haven't like somebody gave me the wrong number sorry okay thank you
about my rental where did she say something about Yantle is that what it was yes
oh my god this has been pretty interesting I'll say that it's your husband boring today
it's been a day speaking of the dolphins our day goes to talk to Yantle green yeah Yantle green
woo what a place if you haven't been to Miami folks if you listen on the internet and ask
to be a little Ohio or somewhere like that in Lima Ohio you got to come down just for a few yaks
WQ I am nobody there what a shame WQ I am yeah this is Frankie I'm calling him off and
you're calling from where Los Angeles yes Frankie you're on right now go ahead how you doing
Neil okay I'm a big fan of your show man I would say the most overrated place is the
Call of E. Seattle yeah I've never been there yeah Seattle I have kind of weird stupid I mean like
everyone think it's like the rock and roll mecca but it's not I mean that's not really
that many good fans over there and it rains every day yeah and it's a million miles from anywhere
except Vancouver I guess yeah you can't put Los Angeles either can start you on there
but that's probably the best okay thanks Frankie all right I have a great life Frankie call from LA
how do you like that listen on the internet good push up a little Frankie when's his song coming out
so Seattle so we put that on there not you've been there and you said I always said it was great
it was fine it was adequate I think it would tell young it's yeah right off the bat is probably
not as good as everybody's cracked it up to be as Mike Segal was on here there K.I. and G Mike Segal
today we're gonna solve the problems of the medical profession and the next week we're
gonna solve the problems of the legal provider talk about a man who takes himself through
seriously with a bad hair piece by the way Mike Segal when I told you over the weekend I'm
channel surfing and there's MSNBC and they've got one of those contrived debates you know for the
war and against the war that's another reason I'm so what is there to say anymore you know
who must well play George Michael records all day I'll get right on that but anyway so there's Chris
Baker is Boca-Briner by any chance you know you're not gonna believe it yeah he walked in the door
five seconds ago the psychic powers man there you are I started thinking about I thought about
Mike Segal and I thought about a big bald spot and then the next logical move from there was Boca-Briner
and there he is remember that Chris Baker he's another and you're telling me like you don't
know that he's involved with Chris Baker and and all those other lumi had no idea how big a problem had
any deal he's checky Patterson I know guys so anyway here's Chris Baker on MSNBC Mr. Talk Show host
I guess he's in Omaha I don't know where the hell he is I could probably send a
reader to everybody else except us huh I could look in talkers no I don't want to know and anyway
he's got his little earrings in each year and he's going on pontificating it with his right wing
views and about let's go in there kicks him ass and and a bush mice through this all this other crap
I thought Jesus you know what I thought oh my god yeah that's what I thought oh my god that was his
claim to fame and I would be over no oh my god that was his one drop in my god over it oh my god
that was Chris Baker the candlestick maker Houston he's in Houston I was gonna say a good place for him a
little bit too uh he belongs in Dallas not in Houston Houston is a little bit too progressive for Chris
Baker you know what I mean oh my god no 19 to a one we got the mad dog at one who's gonna wish me a
very very happy 27th anniversary today better late than ever you think he will no see even if
he did not as making it it's meaningless you know by sending somebody a birthday card a month after
their birthday it's even more embarrassing than just kind of like sliding by and hey let me tell you
right now guys size makes a big difference just as Tom Brady he'll show you I mean he'll tell you
and according to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have really big ones
not as big as Tom Welling who's got a size 14 shoot don't forget small build a night
of course when we talk about big we're talking about paychecks accordingly state of Florida
computer careers are among the highest paid and still amazingly a highest demand which means you
can get yourself a great career class rank and up you achieve that new high-paying computer career
easy and just for short months they've got locations all over town centimeter where you be living
there's bound to be one nearby you they're in Kendall Miami for Lauderdale Pemberg Pines with
day evening weekend schedules there is no excuse to stay one more day in a crappy dead end job
working for peanuts like an elephant pick up the phone and call fast train 1 866 fast train
that's 1 866 fast train they've got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing what are you
waiting for check them out on the web at fast train.com or call 1 866 fast train now you can have
a mighty big impressive paycheck like those are computer mavens
oh
fiends done as church
oh oh oh if you cannot find a trauma bomber rag
if the markets are a trauma bomber rag
if the terrorists are crispy tankers and is looking shifty
nor the rea is too risky trauma rag
if we have no allies with the trauma rag
if we think that someone's this is a trauma rag
so to hell with the inspections let's look up for the elections close your mind and take
directions trauma rag okay fall in line and follow orders trauma rag
huh
if the three will call the trees and let's make more not public season
even if we have no reason trauma rag
for 46 and 560 w2m the world famous mad dogs him and it's your one
and what are we going to do with a show when we go back to 10 to 2 what are we going to do with
him stick him in like 8 to 10 is it going to be doing on 9 to 10 8 to 10
the moment in like 5 to 8 you know what i'm saying yeah like 75 to 8 4 to 7
4 to 7 and 1 in the morning 4 to 7 in the morning would be good mad dogs 7 to 10
us 10 to 2 hank back to 2 to 6 is what we need from the hump
huh rag he agrees man i missed that crossover see one thing i'll say about hank he acknowledges
my existence which i appreciate are you eating i had a piece of provolone cheese
i'm okay i was just about to talk about that too okay
what it was like you're catching me eating something gross yeah
but the little slice of provolone cheese man just to tag just to cleanse my palate before i
get out of here and go to lunch all right we're monitoring you you know the most overrated
in fact i'm thinking out you for the Canadian bacon right right back bacon what do you laugh
in about that's good i'm think i'm going to go out for lunch saying maybe get a little Canadian
Tuesday the most overrated city in the world is Miami 142 142 votes New Orleans second 78 not even
into running with Miami Paris 66 Key West 66 New York 45 LA 42 Vegas behalf in 29 Orlando 26
Amstadam 19 Tampa 14 filled it off you 12 Dallas 11 everybody else small potato single
digits 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQ AM
yeah look at your rider you're looking for him yep yeah
there you go mm-hmm how did i know
WQ AM yeah meal uh have a 27 years how about your pardon happy 27 years on here yeah thanks um
could you uh play that Pete roll no no no 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless
line we only got a few minutes here let's get the important stuff in here before we get out of here
before sports starts again on QA M sports we're sports i dish we're ready you wish
how's clearance do you see him today yeah earlier and what do you have to say sports yeah
WQ AM hello Leo yes sir how are you buddy okay hey um I went to the Indy car races on Sunday
it was my crazy shrily I did really you didn't want I went to the Indy car race okay it was
boring the first time 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T I don't want to hear about the Indy car
races it's boring crap it's even worse than playing golf you know at least playing golf is exercise
going down there watching people around and around in a big circle with all the respect
to Joe Castell it's terminal man terminal a lot of people go there I am a lot of people
go to McDonald's too I don't care it's terminal crap WQ AM
WQ O sound like he had a big one coming out
up meal yes sir it's it's got to be a full moon what's going on well what's your story what can
we do for you sir it's just by I'm driving through Miami and all you people that's
that they're ahead so far up the freaking ass it makes me nuts people driving Miami takes the cake
over rated WQ AM hello hello yes sir okay I'm the rated Miami over rated
happy to me 7 and I will say that they've really called are okay because some people have no
computers what do you just say I am I was hoping you heard WQ AM
and you yes sir can I just switch subject to live it a new subject that tend to
want to let it be you were talking about last week those couples remember the couples were talking
about yeah I don't want for you how about more hardware it will Campbell it you know okay
oh that's even more important than auto racing you know WQ AM QAM Ola
speak up sir speaking of that thing what a holes in it
hello too late WQ AM hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir I have no idea what game you were
watching last night but you got to get some credit those pastors man I mean they they look
pretty good you think that every time the leaf lose that they didn't show up but the pastors
play the game sir let me let me say this to you okay with all honesty the pastors have a nice
young team and next year they could really go someplace if Luongo wouldn't have played great last
night they would have gotten blown off the face of the earth okay Luongo and kid both played good
but everybody who analyzed that game from all sides including the rim man they all agreed it was a
coma inducing game if you thought that that was a good game it's not sour grapes on my part but I
watched my team play every single one of their games I know when they don't show up and just as I
predicted they didn't show up last night well I like to see so have a good day you know okay
Reese Lisa Lisa Lisa Marie there's another hockey expert for there Robert Steinback not too late to
rain in the Lynch mob what what is this crap what why did you thanks to me to put me in a sour mood
at the end of the show oh and here's chronic Jane and Fort Lauderdale I love you happy anniversary
the administration is making us Nevada you know something my life isn't based on the administration
okay I'm going to continue living my life they got this colleague my hamid the shorts whatever
his name is Jeremy great they're doing a marvelous job with that stuff continue getting the
terrorists continue let's keep stalling off this war as long as we can so that maybe we can get
somebody to come to their senses all I doubt it and let's go on with life I'm not going to be
neurotic just because I work for Greg Reed and muff I refuse to do it okay and I'm not going to
listen to George Michael records okay Lynn I'm sorry with all the respect I will not listen to
George Michael freaking records okay it's enough to make me cry 12 53 at 5 60 WQ I didn't even cry
when my little dog died and speaking of dog all you dog lovers are there let's introduce you to
bark Avenue pet resort in Hollywood bark Avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in
America a beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding grooming and daycare I only
wish that tiny could have been in there for a few days whether just for the day they cares open
7 a.m. to 7 p.m. overnight or for several months your dog will enjoy the comforts of luxury with
oversized tiled sweets with animal print beds filtered smell free air clear than most homes purified
water for drinking bathing and washing bark Avenue top notch groomers Todd and Francesca
offer expert cuts and all breeds by using only pure chemical free soaps and champs to make
a long story short they take great carrier pet at bark Avenue dogs aren't cooped up all day like
at most places and your dog socialize according to their size in large plarious on soft agility
mat flooring and your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play bark Avenue also
offers feline boarding in their kitty condos area hammocks included you want to take a look
for yourself log on to www.barkabarkabpetresort.com got it got it and take a virtual tour that allows
you to look on in your pet anytime when you have your pets there or you can see it right now even
if your pet ain't there bark Avenue pet resort they're located at 1400 South Federal Highway
call 954 925 bark or log on to barkabpetresort.com bark Avenue pet resort to the case in spot that your pet
will absolutely love
they just increased us to higher alert status hope no one blows up my grand new dot
i bet a wrenches they gave us the news popping value with a big glass of booze
i keep a gas mask in my gloves compartment i call remax for a bombproof apartment
reinforce my front door with center plots wonder if that will keep on the small ponds
checking my mail for the deadly white powder stocking my covers with camels Clem
shout her living on or jolars your ain't no fun i think the terror is already one i can't take it
i won't make it if it goes to red i'll pull the covers up over my head and just stay in bed
yeah
257 so i get another email from Lynn who says uh it's your loss it's a beautiful song
the George Michael song
so i guess we lose huh because you don't want to like uh go on here and download it i'll do
you right out for the show we can do it as an open to me i don't want to hear anti-war songs
i don't want to hear pro-war songs i don't want to hear it like a war song yes an anti-war song what
what do you think it would be a pro-war song from George Michael back you out of your mind
don't you talk in a baggery song i i wouldn't mind so much i'd like to hear a nice song that i like
from somebody heterosexual do you want to say no just once just once this week would be nice i mean
i'm not saying if anything gets my fellow fags out there but i don't want to hear George Michael
i don't want to hear miss michael and i don't want to be playing George Michael on a radio
this isn't a professional fang show okay god damn it man so did you see rosy on donahue to listen
i bet he was uncomfortable oh my god
i bet he was how could he be down here if she was on him she was spilling over into his seat
that cow disgusting bitch yeah but she's a lesbian yeah that's even all the more reason okay
that's even all the more reason i'm starting to get bitter you know i'm starting to get
out of your house i guarantee the rest of the week is going to be wild shows this week because i
start to get like a real bug up my ass and i'm not hurting anything back i'm holding nothing back
now that i'm getting a little bit of my strength back after my stroke which i noticed when
unmentioned unnoticed on wq and because you know we're radio-ish other than mom making a cost
of comment about reaching for the clean-ex or whatever it was talking about maybe the white
is that the federal ass or wipe off the mess you made from his bag whatever it may have been
okay let's you know let's cut the crap okay because like i said the rest of the week is going to be
wild on this show because i got a big big insect crawling up my ass okay a big one feels like an
insect the most overrated city in the world is Miami 149 to world in 79 ks 78 peris 68
Los Angeles 45 New York 45 Las Vegas 30 Orlando 29 Amsterdam 19 which i find just
absolutely shocking almost scandalous and Ann Arbor mission 175 bye bye bye
