Watch it all about
Gold
Yeah, anyway, I think there's porno everywhere did you hear make haggness
Anyway, did we give away all the heat tickets? Yeah, we're cool. Hey, I wonder what Neil thinks of the heat arrow and
Raw yeah, anyway, suck. Yeah, are you really doing stand-up at Uncle funny tonight? Yeah, that's the room where I'm hearing you know, Neil
No, I'm going to the track
He's going to I tell him what I did with you this morning. I bet I tell you about my movements the other day to loose lot tracks
Was they saying the sale department to loose lot drink?
Or they say thunder sticks. Yeah, anyway, I have the exact in the fifth
Six no, it's not the exact it's the daily double six and nine. I'm betting a double
All right, what you know about the track you could stick in your left ear and have room for the beast left over
By the way beast, but the cavity tell the tell that the kid to learn some mic technique will you if you could hear his levels
We just about jumping off the cheer. We'll be open up the beast. What do you mean my levels? You're too freaking loud?
Well, I don't run the board
Was a griepper runs the board like I said its grieppers got cranked up her loud
Grieppers an asshole anyway
Anything the sabotage is shown the station is part of that busia agenda. I think it's that right wing fascist agenda
Because you're a Jew so they're right off the batty trying to make it look bad even
You're not you're not the same brand. Did you was he is you know he's he's a different kind of you. Yeah
Self-hating like it all shickled grubber. That kind of you when he's going back to Toronto soon very soon
And I see in you but the too much of a good thing is too much you know what I mean
Manda they tip over for you. It's a game last night, baby
I'm gonna tell you that was a nice effort. I just had Nicholas
What a rocket scientist you're a close associate friend who's sitting in the room here Scott
I I heard him listen to it
So I walked in here to listen to the interview and I said who is that is that Nick Hagman or a pop up or a
Valerie Burray. He says oh, I know it sounds Canadian I
Said the sounds Canadian the guys got the heaviest European access finish
Yeah, and plus one of the guys who scored a goal last night
What's anybody who was paying any attention?
Those are the Hagman and Burray or two of the guys that scored goals. Oh, nobody said a boot
He said about his Canadian I think I'm looking at this man like it
And how am I sitting in here with this guy on the other side of the glass all week long
He says he likes a lot for him by the way. We really appreciate it. Yeah, oh
He said he likes um would you do get him out of Bellevue when you came down here?
I got him out of Bellevue
Seriously, he's a crazy person. He's just a lunatic. He's delusional
He's sitting there listening to Patulac Clark records cranked up so loud even louder than their greepers got the beast microphone
Nick was like that and said that he likes porn. Oh
Can I tell you what I'll do respect he discord nice so lucky
He's right. It was a lucky bounce last night, but he's a stiff
He's a fact that two guys had just mentioned her Valor Burray and Nick Hagman are both stiff
I mean we're delighted to see a great effort last night and all that other stuff
But one game doesn't make a career mr. DUDD. Hey, I bought a contest today a poll who has a worse
Format mo or deadly that's coming up soon
But today's poll is gonna be up about the worst coach in pro or college history the worst coach ever
I'm going to Joe's
I heard you're shmurring some freebies over there too. I heard yeah, I'm going to Joe's today
I can't wait for your autobiography comes out life as a freebie boy
You make the rest of us look like Pikers you should learn fans. That was Howard's
No, Howard's not in the same league with this guy you kidding me
Well, if Mike Lupor could can write a book red zone and make millions from puttin a book
I'm thinking the tails of my rectum by faral. Yeah, that'll work. Rectum. Well, I have beast right to forward
He's big on that. He's loves it. When you got an ass that big
You know beast on the next morning
He wanted to lube up Kellen Winslow and just finish. I heard that he and Josh Friedman used to dance cheeky cheeky
And above the bullpen. That's what I heard
Live it's slime 85. Oh, yeah, he's up there with your boy. That's big time
Norma Norma Kent was to give me a son of dance about how slime 85 was going all sports and they're gonna do this
I'm gonna do it by the way normal where were you at the hockey game last night you losing?
Faggot yeah, where the hell were you he was probably at the rub and tug. Yeah, he was probably at the baths club baths club
Baths and they put little pearls in the water. No little boys
I better run I gotta go work on some baseball. Yeah, I go have the runs. By the way, you're gonna be at Uncle funny tonight
Yeah, I'll be at Uncle funny everybody at town is there for spreading this rumor that you're gonna be doing stand up at Uncle funny
God you know our carny man. I'll tell you that yeah, listen
I know I know I'm no comedian. Yeah, I'm a big trouble. What are you gonna be doing there?
Hopefully everyone there will bring me a present. I'll get a bunch of
Okay, have a great time. Thanks a lot Neil. See you at Uncle funny. I wish you go, but thanks for the plug
Don't forget six and nine, baby. I'll be there for me to 10. Say goodbye
You've seen the trial on CNN now the TV movie America's been waiting for
Ralph and Ellis Cramden star as John and Lorena above it in long hurts
I'm warning you John don't push me too far
That's a laugh Lorena. I'm the king in this castle the K.I. and G king
I'm the one with the penis in this house
Look I'm tired of talking I had a hard day driving a bus
Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed
What was that? Oh, she cut my penis off. Hey Johnny Boyer. What's all the screaming in here? Help me nodding. She cut it off
Cut it off from sexy girl. I don't have anything to have sex with you're gonna get me to a hospital any hospital hurry
Hey Johnny Boyer looking for you that animal clinic was right down the street. I see you think I'm lucky
Huh you think I'm lucky do you take a look at this not in what's wrong with that?
I think that elephant's tongue looks kind of cute down there. Oh you do, huh? Hand me that playboy
10 on six at five 60 W3 and we hate to start on a negative note. No, no, well, we will anyway
Our carny dead at 85 nobody didn't like our carny. I'll tell you that right now one of those few people
Everybody loved our carny. What's not to like even the punks like our carny because they kept showing the honeymoon is over and over again
And only a punk channel like on nostalgia network all that stuff
Our carny who played Jackie Gleason's sewer work in pal Ed Norton and the TV classic honeymooners and went on to win the
1974 Oscar for the best actor in Harry and Tonto has died at 85
He died? Yeah
Tate what's the name carny died in Chester Connecticut on Sunday and was buried on Tuesday after a small private funeral
They've been ill for some time the comic actor would be forever identified as Norton Ralph Crampton's bowling buddy and not to butt upstairs
Neighbor on a honeymooners the characters appeared in various forums from 51 to 56 and the show was revived briefly in 71
The show can still be seen on cable. Yeah, yeah
With this turned up pork pie had an unbutton vest over a white t-shirt carny's at Norton with his exhibit
Hey Ralphie boy became an ideal foil for Gleason's blustery bowling Crampton
Carny won three Emmys for his Roland first taste of fame
He's dead he died art carny a lot of really a nice people buying lately. You know what I say people that we like
Jimmy Stewart and Katherine Hepburn and Gregory's peck and all these people
like an epidemic and now our carny is dead at 85
We'll have a tribute to our carny today. Won't we? Oh, we won't
Anyway, here's the pull we took they don't care. It's just become commonplace. You know people dying all the time famous people
Nobody ever has a good word to say about them often
Zero Zipety do now you think that all over America? I mean CN was showing a few clips somebody old honeymoon eclipse
It was slapping each other on the ass aim boy. I sure was funny, but he's dead
He's dead Scott and by the way, I think you're right. There was a Canadian that for all had on there
Sure for you are
Seriously that you they need to like stick a tube in your ear and like pump some information into your brain
Like it's like some kind of a lobotomy anything they try but they're a crane you'll insert
Anyway, here's the pull we took yesterday on neo-rodgers.com on our world flaming website
sexually who are the hottest people in the world be asked yesterday now
We did finally get around to put a port of weekends on there because I realized that the Eric hadn't been listening at that point
He was having like a Rubin sandwich
But they didn't do all that great so if anybody's gonna say what a Puerto Ricans had a handicap
Yeah, big asses what you're talking about it's hard to walk upright when you have a big heavy ass to weighs 80 pounds
But they didn't do all that great they were like in the middle of the pack
273 votes who's the sexiest of them all Brazilians 311
Americans a distant second boy some of us have to go to Brazil. I'll tell you check that out when it down
Huh, what is the big deal with Brazilians other than the fact that they're like all women?
Or are there are there all men but even the women are men. I don't know how that works. We'll find out
We'll check Americans 171 Colombians 148 trust me
Trust me Italians 141 ties as in let's go tie one on
75 then a swelon 62
Russian 60 the Irish 59 was pasty Irishman got 59 our
Gentinians 44 Danish 43 to French 35
Puerto Ricans 27 Filipinos 23
Dominicans 20 Japanese 19 Saudi Ravens 12 Chinese 12 Indians 11
Look at this out of almost 1300 votes Panamanians got
Who the hell ever scoot a Panamanian anyway, right?
Who even knows a Panamanian?
See one thing about Latinos from I'm not talking about so much from Espania because they talk with a lift a lot of them
But I'm saying like from Latin America from like central and South America. How do you know?
I thought there was just a big canal in panamania. No, no, surely. I mean how do you know that? I mean Mexicans
That's the grease factor. I guess you can tell that but like central and South America
How do you know for somebody's from like Guatemala or Honduras or El Salvador or Panama? You wouldn't really know
Follow what I'm saying. How would you know you wouldn't so that's probably why Panama didn't do so great
They had a big oh the 1390 votes you think somebody would say. Oh, yeah, I once did something
With a Panamanian it was really super score-scored like tanker, but I've had only not so let's work on some Panamanians for next time
11 past 10 is 5 60 WQ. How about those Panthers, baby?
Hey, what a hot last night. That was a great game
That was one of the finest well
I wasn't really a great game from the standpoint of being competitive, but it was very exciting
It was enjoyable. There was a tremendous intensity level the lightning are a very very good skill team
They got a lot of really outstanding young players
You saw last night just how outstanding like LeCaville and Richards and the Modena for example
and
Stillman they got some really good players and of course Nikolai hobby bullen even though he led in four
He still made some phenomenal saves
Roberta Luongo made
Save for save. I think he did
No, Luongo played very good like he always does. He's a phenomenal
But he didn't he only had like a few really difficult chances hobby bullen made a lot of really great saves because the Panthers were on fire
Panthers had the better scoring chances that really did
But anyway, see how do I listen anybody that's telling me that Nick Hagman is a Canadian, you know, I'm gonna listen to you
So what was I starting to say so nice start there Rick Dudley
We hope that you're the aunty not the anti-crice that you're like the god that the hockey guys have been looking for in his town
Because it's at 13,000 in the paper. There was a decent crowd there 10, 11,000
We'll say 11 will be generous. Okay, right. Well, it wasn't bad for middle of the week crowd and
People were very enthused with the effort. It was a nice effort now
We need is like two or three more real players which are gonna cost you some money Allen
But I don't think that's gonna happen. We'll see you. Hope them for the best
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM
Here's the best and a lot of people are taking my word and checking this place out
I'm happy for that the Gold Coast seafood grill because the food according to Scott and George is just
Spectacular if you love seafood. You're gonna love this place the Gold Coast seafood grillers right in Coral Springs
They just celebrated their one year anniversary and they got three and a half big fat stars from the Sun Central Showtime
Guining review Gold Coast seafood grills got lots of great specialty items on the menu that you'll love
Delicious things like mango plum salmon almond-crusted mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
There's a fantastic bar atmosphere at the Gold Coast seafood grill with extensive wine and martinulus to big martinis
Enough to take a bath in during happy hour only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m
Every day of your life seven days a week the Gold Coast seafood grill where you find it
I'm glad you asked there in Coral Springs at
2077 North University driving side the beautiful
Walk shopping center called 954
255 fish for reservations and more information you can dive inside or outside large parties private functions are welcome to
So check out the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining and all of South Florida a fabulous place the Gold Coast
Seafood grill in Coral Springs at
2752 North University drive inside the prestigious
Walk shopping center the Gold Coast seafood grill where you'll always find great seafood and great prices to
weigh them
Miss
1017-56-2WAM happy Wednesday to even though Art Karnie died.
I'm sure we're going to get a lot of calls about that, aren't we?
No.
Well, what's there to say?
You know, he's dead.
He's 85.
I guess 85 is old enough, unless you're my mother.
Okay, here's the poll question today.
We will be building this during the show today in the midst of all this other good stuff.
What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time?
I realize that we have a lot of people out there who aren't in the sports.
We have people who are very angry because they've been mentioned the fact that I went to the hockey game last night.
So a lot of my good old friends, a lot of the old regulars,
those of us who have stuck through thick and thin 11 years of that stuff,
a lot of them pretty bitter and sour, by the way, I should mention that.
But it was really a glorious night.
But it's just the way it goes.
I mean, once in a while, especially with all the firings,
I mean, Pat Roddy quit before he could get canned.
He was going to get fired.
They still have a lot of game.
And they won a game?
I think they lost again.
They got waddened again last night, the pathetic heat.
You had your Mike Keenan get fired.
Everybody thinking Dave Wandsdam like he can,
but he and Wayne had a very amicable discussion.
They knew everything is kosher unless they're quit.
They lose another game like Sunday.
What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time as our poll question today?
Naturally, we're putting Dave Wandsdam on there because just like Mo was saying this morning,
why not blame him for everything in the world?
Although Mo was really sucking up to him pretty good,
which they do on his radio station because they suck up to all the coaches.
God forbid anything should have ever say bad about Jimmy Johnson or anybody else.
There certainly got for a bit about the brain stem, the shoes, myster.
So I got a short list here.
Dave Wandsdam, Lou Holtz.
I still don't care about sports.
If not, that's got to be on there for the anti sports crowd, Georgia's friends.
Terry Murray or Dwayne Sutter.
Those are the few.
And of course already on there, you got like two hockey people.
And most of our folks out there have no idea.
They wouldn't know Terry Murray from Brian Murray or from Fred McMurray.
Or from Arthur Murray.
Remember Arthur and Catherine Murray, of course, you don't.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Now what does that mean downtown?
Online nine.
Now you know, line nine.
See, I realized that you're dumb.
There's no question about that.
Scott, but this lunatic that keeps, I mean, how many times can you keep making the same mistake?
That's my question.
And obviously there's an infinite number.
Here's a downtown online nine, which we know it's not downtown.
It's not anybody we want to talk to.
Hello.
It's okay.
See, there you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, now, and then you give me that grimace like,
oh, what a surprise.
Oh my god, I'm going to discuss it.
Yeah, like that.
See, why would anybody be surprised when it's always on the same lines?
Like somebody holding up a sign.
I'm a crank in an embassy who calls 50,000 times a day.
And nobody in the world would want to talk to me, especially anybody on the year.
So let's put them on right away.
That's got philosophy.
Here's a call from Helen Dale.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Rich co-tight.
Rich co-tight was outstanding.
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you and have a great day.
You too.
Take care.
You too.
Don't say you too.
And I'll like them.
I can't stand them.
Music.
I don't like that Irish music.
Not too crazy about Irish anything.
I do like Irish spring soap though.
It's got a little handle on it.
So you don't drop it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We love the panthers.
They're just on fire.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's get an enthusiasm there.
What do you say?
No.
Nice performance here last night, boys.
Nice going.
Come on.
Of course part of the problem being that even a maveron like yours truly, I don't know
half of the players on a team.
I'm watching the game and believe me, I watch a lot of it on a hockey package whether
I'm here up in Toronto.
I didn't know half of the players on the team and other people were saying the same thing.
In fact, one of the old gentlemen, I say old because he's older than me, which is
saying a lot.
Nice guys sits in our section.
He came by to talk and he said, you know, other than the wango when the game started,
I didn't know the names of any of the players in the starting lineup.
I didn't know who any of those people were.
That's part of the problem, Alan Cohen, is there's no continuity there.
Just as somebody gets good and bye bye, you know, maybe somebody wants a little money.
Bye bye.
Very hard to cotton up to people when you don't know who they are.
Unless they're from Panama.
Here's a call from Deerfield.
Hello.
Deerfield Beach.
Going once.
Going twice.
Yes.
Barry Swiss is the worst coach ever.
Yeah, but he packs him in a piece and have a great day.
Barry Switzer.
What are Yahoo?
The biggest.
Oh, are we going to get Butch Davis?
Probably not because there's no reason to put him on there, but it's just like San Butch
Davis.
We should have had him on our Yahoo pool last week.
He is such a drooling.
Not in the same class with Terry Bowden though.
Terry Bowden should have been a winner on that pool, hands down your pants.
I mean, there's no contest.
Drooling Redneck.
Yeah.
Like that.
Just like that.
Oh, let's be going to drooling Redneck last night.
Did you notice we were there to start the game?
Sure was.
So before the game, it's Veterans Day.
And I thought it was a nice touch day announced the PA announced who was sucks, by the way.
The previous guy was great.
But he announces, please, ladies and gentlemen, we're going to stand for the National Anthem.
But before we hear that, a moment of silence in honor of our veterans who have put their
countries on the line and many of whom died for this country.
And most of us we stand there when you bow your head like, you know, it's the thing
to do.
And here's there's a group of Tampa fans off to my right, done in a corner there.
And.
Hobby Bullen.
Yeah.
Hobby Bullen, your ass.
Okay.
We kicked your ass for nothing.
You asshole Redneck's from Tampa.
Man, there's something wrong with Tampa.
Let me tell you that right now, but you in Red Yahoo's over there.
There's something really wrong.
Exactly.
Are you set a better knife?
It's a Tampa.
Probably from Loots and Temple Terrace.
Hobby Bullen.
I heard him all the way up in the press.
Yeah.
It was it was embarrassing.
It sure was.
And I do it in the national anthem.
They're just saying, oh, Hobby Bullen, they're waving their like a little lightning sticks
or whatever they had there.
Stick it up your ass.
You Yahoo Redneck idiots, man.
There's something at this state.
You know, I complain a lot about Dayton Broward and Palm Beach even when rightfully so,
there's a lot of problems here before we are like a shining beacon of brilliance and
democracy and everything compared to the rest of the state.
This is this is that's why we have no casino gambling.
That's why we have no nothing here.
That's why education is like a laughing stock in this state.
That's why we got jet bush sitting up there in Tallahassee with his shoplifting wife
or whatever else he's doing.
We're smuggling wife.
Go anywhere east of the beaches in Clearwater and that's it.
You might as well be in West Virginia.
Oh, brother.
West Virginia is like, West Virginia is like Manhattan compared to most of the rest of
this state.
You ever been in two egg?
Sure.
You ever been in Perry?
You ever been in Pahokie or Okachobi?
We got people listening to Okachobi.
They got like an Edison cylinder up there.
They're sitting there with their crystal set.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Another one is Scott's friends.
Dear field beach again.
Hello.
Perry Clark.
Who is it?
Perry Clark.
Perry Clark.
Who the hell is Perry Clark?
Ah, University of Miami basketball coach.
Now current?
Yes.
Ok, I'll put him down.
I don't know who that is.
I know Leonard Hamilton.
He's a big fan of mine.
See, I'm going to start having a jug and a giggle.
I'm going to start having a jug and a giggle.
And I will be at Uncle Funnies tonight.
Make no mistake about that.
Am I going to be at Uncle Funnies?
No.
It's just a joke.
Just busted in Pharrell's balls a little bit.
See, I find it impossible to talk about him without adopting.
I don't know why that is.
You just can't even when he comes in.
He's got how you're doing.
You just adopt that same gravely sound.
Just one of those things.
It's pretty painful.
It is.
Now, are we going to really do three calls in a row from Dear Field Beach?
You've got to be a record.
Mark it down into books and the record books.
Dear Field Beach, hello.
Dear El O'Neill.
I think you just made history, sir.
Three consecutive calls.
I mean, really unbelievable.
Yeah, it is unbelievable.
Dave Shula.
Dave Shula.
Shula, Shula.
And Bobby Knight.
Only one per customer.
Bobby Knight was not a bad coach.
He was just an asshole.
Come on, straighten yourself out.
He's just an asshole, like to beat up on the kids a little bit.
Bobby Knight wasn't a bad coach.
Would anybody say he's a bad coach?
Pharrell would.
He kicked me out.
I don't care what Pharrell would say.
Okay, this is not.
So you've got it like extricate your brain from that show.
Okay, he's wonderful and great and a good friend of yours and all these other things and
probably crazier than you are if that's possible.
But we're on another show now.
Bobby Knight, if I mean we're talking about the worst coach of all time, does he, would
I even waste the penmanship to put that down?
And by the way, Eric, I would fact you some during the break, so I'll fact you'd leave
this bunch.
Bobby Knight kicked him out.
Oh, banana.
A banana.
Well, it's like I said, I like Bobby Knight.
Except for the fact he was an asshole.
He kicked him out for what?
Just for being, just for being him something nice to him.
He probably said, Hey, Bobby, you suck.
Something like that.
Something really tactful.
Hey, Bobby, beat up the kids again.
What your Bobby?
And he probably just kicked his ass right out.
Don't blame him.
The worst pro or college coach or manager, I guess I can't vote yet.
No, I will vote.
Because the one that I would pick is already, I think on here.
I'm not going to vote for a hockey guy.
We could put some hockey people on her to show them any hockey coaches.
How about what was the guy, the guy Tom Watt?
But nobody knows who that is.
I'm putting down Lou Holtz, who I'm putting down.
Not just because he was an awful coach, which he was.
Nice job with a jet, by the way, Lou.
But he's just such an asshole.
He's just such another slime ball.
Another red, nicky, uh, he does, what are those spots he's doing now?
Some kind of a TV spots.
Who's that?
Lou Holtz.
You haven't seen those spots?
Yeah, I just can't remember.
Oh, some kind of like scummy crap.
Oh, look at that.
We love that dog.
It's come on.
Let's hear the song.
Let's play it.
They're on fire, man.
They're on a bandwagon.
They just hopped off at the Marlin bandwagon.
And now let's hop on the dog and bandwagon with all they want that Miami has to go.
The greatest one for me.
We take the ball for the goal.
There's no one's ever seen.
We're in the air.
We're on the ground.
We're always in control.
So there you go.
Once that is tied with, I still don't care about sports.
You know, with 16 votes a piece out of the first 37, Lou Holtz got four.
Dwayne Sutter's got one and Terry Murray has got the big.
I'm telling you one thing.
The player's hated Terry Murray, but they hated Dwayne Sutter even more, which is saying
a lot because Terry Murray is one of the most obnoxious people ever came down to Pike.
A man with a personality like you see this pen?
It's got more personality than Terry Murray.
They hated him, but they hated Dwayne Sutter even worse.
1027 at 560 WQM if you want to really find place that you're not hate, but you'll
love Vick and Irves from Rochester, New York.
Since 1934 they've been serving up great child Rochester.
And why do you care about that?
Because right here in South Florida, neither do the same thing.
You find the South Florida version of Vick and Irves on Federal Highway just south of
Broadway, Bolabar to the tunnel on the east side.
And Vick and Irves is a legitimate honest of goodness flashback in time to what outstanding
restaurants used to be before the fast food joints came along.
Would you see that thing about McJob?
As the Webster Miriam Schultz Schwartz Jones dictionary put McJob in the new contemporary
lingo as a word, McJob.
Meaning a job or you're like yours.
You have a McJob, not a real job, but a McJob after like McDonald's working meanial
job for like minimum pay.
And McDonald sued them and tried to get them to take it out of the dictionary and they said
no.
And so the dictionary people won.
So have a good time on your McJob.
Anyway, if you're tired of eating that McCrap, here's the answer to Vick and Irves brought
to you in Fort Lauderdale by the same guys who feed you.
Cheaper, cheaper, they use the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper, cheaper.
They offer you an incredible big fat one too.
A big quarter pound hot dog, the likes of which you've never had in your mouth before or
maybe you have.
And they have a great breakfast menu at Vick and Irves too.
They got your great omelets cooked to order French toast pancakes, all your favorite side
dishes too.
So if you want a fresh delicious meal, maybe the old fashioned way Vick and Irves is the
place you'll always find it.
Your fun to them on Federal Highway just south of Barber, Bolabar to the tunnel on the
east side.
Be sure and tell them that old Rochesterian Neil Rogers from the 12 corner sent you by
to prestigious Vick and Irves.
Fly by and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You a-m.
Oh, and when you're in switch, you pick yours.
You're a-m.
You're a-m.
You're a-m.
You're a-m.
You're a-m.
You're a-m.
You're a-m.
1033 and by the way, a fat boys friend, Dave, don't waste any more of my fast paper.
I'm not reading your faxes.
I'm not interested in you or fat boy or any other crap.
Don't even think about coming in here and go away.
I'm serious.
There are some people out there who need to be captured with a big butterfly net.
They really are what you already discovered that.
And you're one of them.
59 votes on there.
I still don't care about sports smuck 24.
I like that.
Dave wants that 20.
Oh, come on.
You're picking on poor Davey.
It was such a big success with a bear.
And just because he's lost a few games here and doesn't know what a screen read of an
anna.
Lou Holtz has got eight.
He's an idiot.
Dwayne Sutter 4, Terry Marie 3, and I just to fax some more to Eric to get some more
names on there.
Here's the fact that says, hey, Neil, maybe you should add to the pull question.
Which coach or announcer is the or see he they got it?
Pick on my good buddy Mo all the time.
Is the worst or biggest asshole I bet Mo Howard would win hands down?
Absolutely.
No question.
It says, hey Wayne, by out way, Dave wants that while you're at it, make up for a awful
Dave by out the mo so we don't have to listen to what sorry asked no mo.
Absolutely.
P.S. Neville, you can't have any pull and leave out Mo.
I hate his ass.
I heard him rafting this morning.
Well, I don't really care what he says about me because the good news is it's the third
straight day that I've been here and managed to miss him at 8 to 15 or whatever it is.
In fact, I come in a little bit later each morning because I don't want to break my lucky
streak.
He don't want to see me.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to smell him.
I don't want to know from him.
Okay.
In any way, shape or foam.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Good.
Stayed in hell away, Mo.
I hate you like poison.
Dave Campo, Dallas Cowboys.
Okay.
There's a choice.
I just better wipe these down.
Because now I find myself in the uneniable position of doing like 16 different jobs.
And that's okay.
You get paid a big bucks and you're right about that.
So the Denver fan was doing so well.
He was on a roll.
I guess his brains are coming on scrambled after the Patriots kicked their ass after Tom Brady
threw that late touchdown pass to win a game in the fourth quarter.
Denver fans is not sure who the coach was for the 1916 Comberland team.
Maybe you can get that moron assistant viewers to look it up.
No, he's not capable of doing that.
Well, you probably should know this anyway.
The coach of the 1969 16 Comberland team.
Comberland what?
Comberland main?
Well, what does that mean?
It said it was so bad they lost to Georgia Tech 222 to nothing.
The worst college defeat ever.
Coach Heisman had to agree to shorten the game three minutes to end the game sooner.
Please find the name for the coach and you find your winner.
Well, just be that doesn't make him the worst coach.
Maybe he had no talent.
Maybe it was a girl school.
You know, like some of the teams that the Hercunes beat up on.
A girls team like Temple or Vassar or Yashiva.
Some of those little girls team like the Hercunes are fond of beating up 85 to zip.
But anyway, Renee Latchman, we got him on the list now.
Back in those awful Marlon days.
Boy, those were the days, weren't they?
Walk away Renee.
And yes, I did just play the classic four in thank you very much for reminding us,
bringing those painful memories back.
5670560.560 on a 18 TNT and Verizon Marliss line.
We're going to have a van hit tomorrow.
And I guess if I had any brains, I'd look under and see where the hell it's going to be.
Because I don't have a thing from Miguel yet.
He wasn't here earlier, but he's busy servicing Doreen now to 1130.
So I'll find it on here.
It's on our prestigious website.
Where the hell is it?
Miguel will be tomorrow Thursday, November 13, noon to two at the Marine Max Boats.
700 South Federal Highway and Palm Pto Beach to Van Albe.
They will have all our best in the immersion, nice including.
And does he also take the cups and the mouse pads out when he goes out on these things?
You're not.
No, we haven't had them available.
Why not?
Because they're really neat.
Those are the first I've seen of them.
For anybody who's seen the CD cover this year with my farting on Moe's grave,
which is a beautiful thing.
What the hell is that?
That's your phone that they just repaired.
Oh.
I don't understand what's going on there.
Oh, what was I just saying?
I don't know if they had those out there, but they really should because the mugs in the
mouse pads.
Anyway, I love our best meal merchandise there tomorrow.
They did they worked on that thing.
They shouldn't have diddled with it.
It was working fine when I left here yesterday.
Now it's all screwed up the fax machine.
They worked on it yesterday.
Doing what?
You just got through saying that.
Oh, I thought that was the phone.
That was the fax machine.
Tucker faxes and says, I'm just I'm just going to pretend you're not in there.
I just can I get a curtain, please.
Can somebody please draw the curtain so I just can pretend that there's nobody in the other room?
Tucker says this might not, what do you say?
Do we have those things or not?
Miguel will know some.
They're online only.
They're online only.
Well, why is that?
We don't have access to them.
They print them while they're ordered as they're ordered.
I mean, oh, I see.
Absolutely.
They wouldn't be.
They were well, how do you print a coffee mug?
Well, what does that mean?
They print them as they're ordered.
They make them as they're ordered.
Somebody orders them.
They go, they make them and they send it to them.
Are you sure?
Uh-huh.
And even the mouse pads.
Correct.
Well, that's a good idea.
That means we don't have to waste any time.
Now, how long do you have to stick this in the kiln before it finally
you're about six months?
No, they deliver in about two or three days.
In two or three months?
Days.
Days?
Uh-huh.
Great.
So go online on neo-rangers.com when you click that thing on with a band and pet rescue.
Don't just get the CDs and they are keychains.
That'd be funny.
But all the other good stuff is really it's really all of good looking stuff.
All of these things, right?
Anyway, Tucker says this might not qualify because of his past success,
but he's about a stubborn old fart.
And, uh, Nannasi Joe Patrano,
I don't like Joe Patrano.
I can't stand him.
But how can he be the worst coach of all time?
He's won all of those games when punts states won national championships.
When they've won all kinds of bowl games.
I mean, it's just Tucker.
I think you weren't at both high a little bit too tight.
Come on, Tucker.
I'm going to pretend you didn't send me that facts.
Okay?
We're not asking you which coach do dislike the most.
That'll be tomorrow.
And I bet you Dave wants that when hands down your pantaloonies, baby.
No question about it.
They hate him.
They hate you, Dave.
What are you done for his lately?
But what's the difference really when you come right down to because the last
several years of his 10 years,
Shuler was seen on.
I would know quite the brain stem.
And then of course, Jimmy Johnson sold everybody a big bullet goods.
If he could coach as good as he talks, boy, he talks a good game.
You know, and I do also want to say this.
I'm never ever going to watch one minute of those NFL pregame shows.
You have to be.
You really have to be a moron to watch that.
Absolutely.
There's Terry Bradshaw who already is a moron.
He's sitting on her playing grab ass with everybody.
I'll sit around and sit on Fox with how he longing those guys.
And then if you don't like that, then you got neon Dion.
I seriously, the NAACP should be protesting against CBS for having Dion Sanders.
He does a routine.
He's like a a slick dressed step and fetch it playing a pimp is what.
In fact, I want to say, where's the yellow Cadillac Dion?
You know, I'm talking about.
I was pregame show.
I mean, that is nasty.
That's stuff he's doing.
You know, with a fur coat, like a jive ass, you know what?
You know, I don't want to say it.
I will.
Now, it's just, it's horrendous like a pimp, like a low class pimp is what you come across as.
Who the hell needs to see that?
Bad stuff.
The NAACP instead of wasting your time on bullcrap, go after CBS.
Go after Jimmy the Greek again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
I think my fax machine screwed up now.
I'm trying to fax Eric.
Oh, it's fine to connect it now.
Maybe Eric likes shoved some of pastrami into his into his fax machine.
That might be it.
Now, he just called to say he got a blank page.
He got a blank page.
He said nothing came out.
Well, just just relax.
You're little, you're both a little bit too tense.
Just knock it down a few notches, relax.
Everybody calm down.
I'll take care of it.
19 to 11.
Now, what does it say on there?
One page said, okay.
So probably getting another blank page momentarily.
Just use him as wallpaper Eric.
It'll be a beautiful thing.
19 to 11 at 560 W.
We got the mad dog, the angry hound.
Oh, right.
He's coming up into the saffron.
The Humper.
I know Hank.
He's gonna be coming in here early.
He was not on until a four.
I'm not coming here early to see me.
I haven't seen Hank in months and months and months.
And I heard he lost an answer too as well.
So Hank will be on four to seven today.
The big, oh, we apologize in advance.
Seven to 10 tonight, the big O.
10 to two at 80 K and Joe and Mark overnight.
Two to five at an A.M.
and in my close best personal friend,
Mohawar David Epps.
Absolutely.
And with that kid's sweet guilty.
Well, I really offended me on a very personal level.
Last night watching him on that screen at the arena.
Guilty.
Since it, little butt plug.
Hey, if you're underpaid, if you're overworked,
if your job isn't worth a piece of crap,
here's the answer for you.
Get yourself a new high paying career.
You don't have to take four years and go to college.
How about four months?
Four months to change your life.
Sounds like a good deal to me.
Just call fast train tool free at one, 866, fast train.
That can have you train and certified
for a high paying computer network professional career
or a high paying medical services specialist career
in this little as four months.
Let me say it again.
You heard me right.
You can be fully trained and ready for a great new career,
which means a big fat paycheck, a life
in just four months.
They offer you a day evening weekend classes.
Fast train also offers job placement assistance
and even financial aid to people who qualify as well.
So if you're tired of your ennickal endime job,
if you're tired of working for a schmuck,
here's the deal for you.
Change your life by checking out fast train.
Six convenient locations in Florida,
including Foreign South Florida means there is bound to be one.
The odds are pretty damn good.
There's one close by you.
So check them out of the web first.
If you like it, fast train.com and then make that call,
call them today.
It's on the Todd Dreck, told you to call 1-866, fast train.
My life and love.
This is Sports Radio by 60.
You ain't too bad.
A deal.
All right.
I'm a co-be, feedback, tell the Nell and Shell,
Hollywood, and Unic, house, everyone, and G.E.
Nord Drop and Ron, MCI, World Com,
Faker and Bots, KLR and Kermit G.
Pan Lock, Brown and Groot,
Harlow and the Rending Groot,
Murder, Doc, Spock, News, and Reuters,
Hung Young Bull.
Choice point democracy by data-based technologies,
Chuck Hagel's die bold.
Blocking out your vote.
George Bush is a liar,
Exploiting 911,
and for a global empire.
George Bush is a liar,
and he's the unelected,
by House Odd, Deep Fire.
Dick Cheney will go with Richard Pearl
and Mother Dick, Andrew Card,
Carole Robin, Mark Rack, Dick Kickco.
He'll push, get pushed, George P,
and Daddy Bush, Preston and Columbo,
and Noel Motham mentioned,
Mark Rack.
Greater Bob, No, Facts, Fatsy, IA, and The Facts.
Runsville says,
All is well and Mother, so is your die.
Outspoken Democrat,
in the mail they get in track.
Carna-Han, well-soned,
and before their time.
George Bush is a liar,
Like all his corporate,
Neo-Con with Nancy Hardon,
George Bush is a liar,
and the sinister media,
has you believe in him?
George Bush is a liar,
the song is something that'll never get on to your channel.
George Bush is a liar,
a trader and a deity,
in a criminal piece,
and George Bush is a liar,
liar, liar, liar, liar,
liar, liar, liar,
it's 13 to 11 at 560,
at least 22 people killed today,
and on explosion,
when two vehicles crashed the gate,
and one of the Italian military police headquarters,
in Nasiria, Iraq, coalition,
and Iraqi hospital officials,
be saying,
22 more dead people,
the blast in the southeastern Iraqi city killed 14 Italians,
they said 11 Italian military police
and three soldiers died,
a truck barreled through the gate,
followed by a sedan,
and one of them exploded the coalition,
and the Italian officials said,
the car was carrying a detonator,
but it wasn't clear whether the vehicle,
the truck, or the two,
were packed with explosives,
officials said.
So there's people like innocent people,
who'd still be alive today,
if it weren't for all this insanity that's going on,
but the public is sitting back on,
boom, boom, boom, boom, like that,
that's exactly what they're doing,
and nothing's gonna phase them.
Also, a story that a couple of people mentioned yesterday,
I think we had it on the website over the weekend,
but it's worth mentioning again,
to show that this administration is all heart
and really cares about our troops.
The Bush administration is seeking to block money
for U.S. troops,
tortured in Iraqi prisons in 1991,
so the New York Times on Monday.
Last summer, a federal court ruled 17 soldiers
were in, and Tedler was share of the hundreds of millions
of dollars of frozen Iraqi assets,
but in a court challenge,
the administration is winning,
but not even to publicize.
Administration lawyers have argued those frozen assets
are now needed for Iraqi reconstruction,
and the judgment one last year should be overturned.
In other words, don't take care of our troops
who were tortured by the lunatics over there,
because we got bigger fish to fry.
Former prisoner David Eberli,
a returned air force colonel whose F-15 fighter
was shot down over a rack,
and who set his interrogators repeatedly pointed
to gun to his head and pulled the trigger on an empty chamber,
said he was surprised by the challenge.
The administration wants $87 billion for Iraqi said,
the money in our case is just to drop a blood in the bucket.
Officials at the Justice and State Department say
the case cannot be allowed to hinder U.S. foreign policy,
and get on the way of the administration's multi-billion-dollar
reconstruction effort in our rack.
Right!
They're all heart, baby.
Put your life on the line.
And then we'll stick you in, we'll screen it back.
That's best we can.
What pro-or-college coach or manager
was the absolute worst of all time?
I still don't care about sports.
Muck 37, good, excellent.
Nice work.
You live a lot longer that way.
They've won step 32, Terry Murray 12.
Good, good choice.
Lou Holtz 10, Vuein Sutter 4,
got some hockey people out there out of 101 vote.
Rich Cotides got appeared.
Dave Campo won very switzer one.
Very switchers got one.
It's in a suitcase.
A parakeet Clarks got one.
David Schulis got one.
And Renee Lachman's got none.
See, the Marlon fans are basking in the glory of all
the World Series victory.
So we don't want to say nothing bad about Marlon's past
or present.
Even John Henry, right?
Even John Henry never stole a freight train.
And he was the hell of a house make no mistake about that.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, you're right.
567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T.
You know, they got the what?
Yeah, look.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from,
now that you're these, you got to be making up.
Deer field again.
That's four in a row.
Deer field beach.
I think everybody moved to Deer field.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is Mike and Kendall.
It says, Deer field on here.
I think he's just playing with me.
Go ahead, Mike.
Yeah, he's playing it all right.
He's playing with it.
Yeah, happy belated birthday.
Thanks, Mike.
Yeah, today's the thing.
Today's what?
Today's my birthday.
Is it really how old?
53.
Are you just a spring chicken compared to me?
Yeah, oh well.
Wait till you get old like me, man.
You're as young as you feel.
You start counting your ball movements,
then you'll know you're really getting old.
My worst coach is loose saven.
Loose saven of the Buffalo Abills.
Yeah, he was pathetic.
And wasn't he down here for about 10 minutes?
Yeah, he was here too.
He was here for about 10 minutes,
and he left town in the middle of the night.
Thanks a lot.
Have a happy pal.
Thanks.
See you.
Loose saven.
What else bring back some really ugly memories?
Let's say that right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
How about Terry Bowden?
I don't know if he was any.
Did he coach Auburn or something like that?
Yes, he did.
I don't know if he was a good coach or not.
I'm not putting him really on there,
but just I can't get over the fact that there's such a thing.
I was going to say such a person,
but I wouldn't categorize him as a person.
He's like a creature.
Like a...
a...
a...
Boy, it's so exciting that Fixed Fixed the phone in here.
Everything's working out.
Nice going, Fixed you the best, man.
Hey!
When somebody does good by me,
I'll give Malliquet into where I go out of my way
to sing their praises from the mountain tops.
If we had any mountains here, do we have any mountains?
No.
We all sing them from the Everglades.
But when somebody crosses me,
when somebody doesn't get the job done, right?
Like George Corso, for example,
who I hope breaks both legs next time,
then I like Ripa Manass because they deserve it.
Here's a call out there on the alley.
Hello?
Yeah, I want to vote for Gary Fowst.
Gary Fowst of Notre Dame,
who, boy, I think that they put him on a crucifix, didn't they?
Yes, they did.
And probably a good choice.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
And Notre Dame sucks, boy.
Do we hate Notre Dame on this show or what?
On this show?
No.
Oh, yes we do.
We hate Notre Dame.
Come on, Larry.
That's more like it.
We despise Notre Dame.
Like, era Parseguin.
Now he's not on the list because he won a lot of games,
but it just...
Oh, anybody connected with Notre Dame.
You just want to...
The only one I felt really sorry for, Terry...
What the hell was his name?
They got it.
They fired right in the middle of this.
Terry Brennan was at it.
He's no relation to George Brennan, who drives it to Middellands.
What?
I know the Middellands.
Do you know Terry at George Brennan?
I heard of.
Do you know John Campbell?
Do you know Jackie Moe?
All you got to know is Jackie Moe.
Do you know Richie Silverman?
Good Jewish boy.
Like Jackie Moe.
Anyway, what was I just saying?
Terry Brennan.
I think I'm going to put him on the list.
Boy, they just...
Oh, the Pope, I think, came in personal
and stuck it to him.
How about Dan Devine?
Dan Devine was awful.
That's a good choice.
Did he coach the Packers?
Yes, he did.
See, I know a little bit about this stuff.
Those of you who think I don't know nothing about sports.
I probably know more about...
If I've taken all the sports together
than all these so-called sports experts on his radio station.
If you count my hockey knowledge
and my harness racing and my thoroughbred knowledge,
which is often the past.
But I'm telling you, I know a few of these things
in my memory as such that someday I might remember them,
but I doubt it.
How many bowel movements?
I'll tell you one thing.
What day was it?
Let's see.
Monday.
And I'm not exaggerating.
I'll tell you one thing.
I said a world record.
Guinness Book of Records, I'll be in there.
I'll just look under crap.
You'll see my picture.
Here's the call.
It says from Atlanta.
Hello.
Hey, you know, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Pretty good.
Let's see.
You know, you're really onto something with this pole.
But it's very difficult to think of a coach
that is just that bad, because I want to hate.
I want to give you the coaches I hate.
Well, you can tell me who you hate,
but that is what I mean there.
I was over the pole.
So, you know, and that would be definitely
dope ourselves, but beyond that.
Seven and what is he?
Seven and one, seven and two?
We're done.
Great coach.
What an asshole.
Yeah.
So the guy that we're not asking,
who's the biggest asshole coach?
Because that covers a lot of territory.
That's why it's a tough point.
Because then Bobby and I would have to be near the top of the list.
And what he hates would have to be on there,
guys like that.
Bear Brian.
I got to go hockey for you,
and it's going to be Robbie for Poric.
Nice guy, Lousey Coach.
Never made it in the NHL, and either brothers.
No, no.
Scott is mocking me.
No, trust me, devil.
Like, I don't know who Robbie for Turric is, okay?
But why is he the worst coach ever?
Well, because he just never won anything.
He got up there, and he would choke,
and he's a nice guy,
but he just never did anything with either the Bruins or who else they coach.
The devil's?
Right.
But he's the worst coach.
Is he worse than Tom Watt, the coach that leaves once upon a time?
Did he read Kelly that used to draw like diagrams of like bunny rabbits or whatever?
I mean, I don't think so.
Okay.
I'm not going to fight.
But you're the press president, Robbie Cox.
I know it.
Have a great day, pal.
He's in Atlanta.
He's well, he's the press president, Robbie Cox.
He's choking it all the time.
If he's not choking it, the ballpark, he's choking his wife at home, you know?
One of those things.
Poor Bobby.
You know who drives me crazy?
Is it Leo Mizone?
Is that their pitching coach?
Yeah.
Who sits in the day, he's got the mustache.
He sits in the dugout, and he rocks back and forth.
He doesn't have a rocking chair, but he's sitting on the bench,
and he's rocking back and forth.
By the way, Rick Dudley was not pacing up and down the ice.
I forget which loser at the sunset, and I'll look it up in my sports section.
What a bunch of idiots we got here.
He writes about last night's coaching debut of Rick Dudley.
Here it is.
Who wrote this piece of crap?
They got so many idiots.
Let's see.
What's the headline, Dudley enjoys first win?
It's my old Russo, probably Russo, I think.
Yeah.
Now that's not it.
Skullnick, orbitist kid is.
He talks about how he was pacing up and down the ice.
He was pacing up and down the bench, not the ice.
Now wait a minute, maybe he didn't write that.
I gotta find it.
It is such a stupid idiotic girl line.
And I can't, oh, here it is.
I apologize, Mr. Skullnick.
You punk kid, you.
It was the anxious fat, Mike Russo.
Too many godwanted damn sandwiches at the ballgame in the press box, Mike.
You tub a crap.
He says, um, I had it here somewhere.
I just seen it.
Up and down, let's go, Pratt is.
Here, Dudley marched up and down the ice, clapping constantly, reassuring his group after good safe checks his scoring chances.
He wasn't marching up and down the ice.
What game was he was?
Mike Russo writes that Rick Dudley was marching up and down the freaking ice.
Oh my god, Mike, you're such a silly little fat boy.
Why don't you look with Gary Jackass?
It looks like a match made in heaven to me.
But watch out for your...
Pratt, don't get so about it.
Is that pathetic or what?
Yeah.
This is so called, so called newspaper.
This is what you have for fish wrappers here in South Florida.
10.57 at 5.60 WQM, poor Dave Wants that man.
He's right in there with, I don't care about sports, Schmuck.
41 apiece leading the pack, the worst.
The worst.
They hate you, Dave.
They just despise you.
They find you, uh, humanly unacceptable.
They want to freeze your head like Ted Williams.
Only the only difference being while it's still attached.
Hey, if you want to replace that terrible carpet in your home,
let me tell you about laminets arous.
They're the easy, low maintenance alternative
to natural wood flooring, which cost you an arm in five legs.
Laminets arous is the best place to find laminated wood flooring
from Pirate or Pergo, Wilson Art Unifroon Quickstep.
And all of laminets arous flooring is installed by Pergo Certified Instaulers too.
Here's another great reason why you ought to be called laminets arous.
Their prices are so low, they're probably floria.
I don't want to play that thing, okay?
I'm not going to play it.
The body fall?
Because that's...
Their prices are so low, they'll floria.
In fact, right now you can get their fall special.
For just $1495, just $1495 gets you all of this up to $295 square feet
of beautiful laminated wood flooring, which is positively...
Unbelievable.
And laminets arous will match any legitimate written offer to you.
You can't beat him with a stick.
For a free and home estimate, call laminets arous at that toll free number.
I always give you 1-877-7773336.
They make it so simple, it's like a piece of cake
without the calories in the carbs.
Free carpet disposal, free furniture,
moving a 25-year warranty, and years of beautiful, easy to care for,
laminated wood flooring.
What do you got to lose?
Call laminets arous today, toll free at 1-877-7773336.
My life is lost!
This is 4205 city.
You can weigh in.
Fridians, dumb ass dirt.
Absolutely.
Why am we have the models?
We're a champion-based well team.
Not one before this series.
No fans were ever seen.
Now that they're chance they have a fan surrounding them like rats.
Who went to celebrate over?
One refunds for their haspists.
They're just front-running phonies.
Front-running phonies.
Children support unless they want.
Yeah, they're just front-running phonies.
Front-running phonies.
Don't give a crap about the one.
Miami-brackers are leaving about a mile square.
But all around the pouring town where no one really cares.
Portals that take an interest in supporting their home team
will call up support-or radio to get their tickets free.
Because they're just front-running phonies.
I'm front-running phonies.
Children support unless they want.
Yeah, they're just front-running phonies.
So we don't hold no.
It's a level 02 at 560 WDQM.
Anyway, here's the facts again.
Denver fan only one fax per day just like phone calls.
Just calm yourself down.
Okay, I know that loss was traumatic.
Tough to take.
John McCay at the Tampa Bay Buck in the year 76-77.
What he forgets though is that John McCay was a great football coach in USC
for about a hundred years.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
There you go.
I was my case.
Well, he's levels in here just.
I don't want to start.
No, I'm in too good of a mood.
I don't want to start.
Nice, we really enjoyed going to that game last night.
It's awesome.
Nice people.
I want to say hi to Mr.
Mrs. Howard Kleinberg, my good personal friends across the way.
How you doing, guys?
They seem to be enjoying themselves last night.
Couple of loyal Panther fans going back and they drive all the way up
from my down to the R&K.
They slip all the way up.
That's how loyal they are.
And a lot of other nice people in my section there.
It was nice to be there.
We had a really enjoyable atmosphere and a whole ambiance.
The only thing is the sound in there.
So it is ear piercing.
I was sitting there before the game because we get there early and I thought,
boy, they got it cranked down.
It's like night.
They show those highlights, films and all this stuff.
I thought they finally got a happy medium here in terms of the level of the sound.
And then once the game started, man, I mean, you have to,
if you ever go out of plane like in business class,
it's quite a give it those little kits.
Like if you fly to Europe and they give you the little shoes and the slippers and all this stuff.
And they give you the ear plugs on the plane.
To sleep with?
Save the ear plugs because believe me, when you go to the macarena, you'll need them.
Yeah.
I know exactly.
Oh, I mean, last night, there were a couple of times they had a cranked up so a lot.
And I'm supposed to be getting deaf from Marcelinbaugh disease.
In fact, I'm going to start taking some moxie condoms to see if I can do it.
But what are we talking about here?
Really too loud.
When somebody scores a goal and they yell panthers, I mean, you can't even make it out.
So distorting.
No, no, when I score the goal, I don't mind a lot of noise.
That's fine.
All the enthusiasm.
But I'm just talking about constantly, just never ending.
And then, of course, in between the periods, you know, and then when Gildey's piercing voice comes out.
At that point, I just want to leave.
Here's the fact that says the absolute, absolutely, worst coach ever, Ray Handley, New York Jones followed
Marcelin for two years and he sucked.
Well, I don't know about that.
I think Jeremy Shockey said he sucked.
Of course, he thinks everybody sucks.
He's out for the ear, I think, isn't he?
Are we doing a sports show today?
This is bad.
I don't want to do no sports show.
I'll be sure to help put some of these other people to shame.
It's a sports pole.
Yeah, that's right.
Sports pole.
And we got leading the way.
I don't care about sports.
Smoke is 50.
That's all right.
You'll be okay.
Just, you know, we'll interspers some of the other stuff in here.
Like Robert Cheers, latest column in the LA Times.
Got some really good stuff on our website and be sure to take a puke at the L president, the WMD countdown continues.
It's going to be going on for a long time.
It's going to be going on for a long time.
There's still searching.
Just like the searchers, man, they're looking.
I mean, the coasters, they're searching for it.
NCAA football coach Charlie Pell.
So I got him on the list.
Charlie Pell, his coach and smell.
And then you'll be happy with this.
But I'm not put it on there because it's ludicrous from Dave the something or other.
Dave the cop.
Oh, no wonder it's from Dave the cop who's a St. Louis fan.
Bobby Cox, he says, chokes on the big ones like County Willets.
Sorry, sorry, baby.
Can't put Bobby Cox on there because of the fact that the Braves win the division every single year.
And so the team chokes in a series don't blame him because if they see if he chokes in the series,
and he's going to get the blame for that, then give him the credit for the division.
If the players, you see what I'm saying?
And you can't he's been around too long to be the worst coach or manager of all time.
That's just ludicrous.
Dave the cop.
So, butch up and get a life.
Steve in Louisville says, I love people to say Lewisville can tuck you.
Don't you love that Lewisville?
Yeah.
That's like Chicago.
He says, how about it?
I'll put them both on because the Detroit Lions, they said, said franchise.
Even Van Patrick is rolling over in his grave with his big fat chins.
Monty Clark and Wayne Fonds, I put them both on there from the Detroit Lions who couldn't win a fish game.
Thanks, Steve, in Louisville.
5.670560, 560 on EAT and TNT in the rise of World Wild Wireless line.
I guess if we asked who's the best coach, everyone would probably say Rick Dudley, right?
Let's share it for Rick.
He's undefeated as the Panther Head Coach.
He's one and-
Oh!
You know?
Listen, I'm hoping for their sake.
I want the franchise to do well.
I'm not really that much of a Panther fan anymore because I-
You know, it's hard to be when you don't know who the hell's on the team.
And I don't go to many games even when I'm here.
I just can't get into it.
But if the game's-
Win or lose or tie, if the game's where his entertaining is last night,
I go all the time like I used to slip all the way down to Miami.
Never missed a game.
Hasn't sounded like that since opening night.
It hasn't been that exciting and enthusiastic in a long time.
It was a good 11, 12,000 people in Air 10, whatever it was.
It was the one's day night not too bad.
Tell you they'd win.
Oh yeah.
You know something if you say they win every day sooner or later,
you'll be right again.
The win tonight.
Let's hope sooner.
Well, they're not going to lose tonight.
I don't say that.
They're not playing tonight.
That's right.
What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time?
But there gonna be a lot of names on this list.
Now, Eric, you notice I'm faxing and you can just go and eat a few sandwiches
and take care of your very important money making business.
And when you get around adding the other ones on there,
you'll have like whole bunches like precious with the bananas on passions.
I miss that.
You miss what?
You miss the yesterday?
Yes, I did.
Oh my god. And yesterday was the pivotal day.
Not now.
You know how that is.
It just goes on and on.
And Edna Walla, she comes down there and she's got the baby.
Louise, this is your baby.
Ha ha ha ha.
Like that.
You gotta be there and see it to know what we're talking about.
If you're missing out on passions,
you're just, your life is just incomplete.
No, but that's a soap opera.
No, it's not. It's a comedy. It's a panic.
I still don't care about sports from up 53.
That's leading the way.
Okay.
42% of that are 31%.
Dave Wonstat, though.
And that's 54 now.
Dave Wonstat 43.
In fact, Wonstat's pulled away from the pack.
Just like the old cheesehead who pulled away from the pack.
Terry Murray 19.
Rich Cotide 14.
Lou Holtz has got 11.
It makes me feel very proud.
I feel like, what's his name?
Peter Proud.
Michael Sarrison.
Barry Switzer 8.
David Shula 6.
Dwayne Sutter's got 5.
The Ottersutter.
Dave Campo 5.
Perry Clark's got 5.
Renee Latchman's got 5.
One thing I always wondered.
When he was managing the Marlins,
I always wondered nobody could ever give me answer.
He was related to...
The Latchman.
Gary Fowse 2.
Lou Sabin 1.
Ray Handley 1.
And nobody else got any.
Well, I just went on there.
Terry Brennan, Charlie Pell.
Monte Clark, Wayne Fonds and Dan Devine.
Andy Devine's got a couple out of 179.
And Devine has got a big pair.
5.
6.
7.
05.
60, 05.
60, 08.
10.
10.
Verizon Wireless Line.
It's kind of scary.
Things are actually working in here now.
It's almost enough to make me stay a few more weeks.
I said almost.
Well, here's a call from Ampleton, Wisconsin.
Hello.
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing great.
And thank God I found you online.
I moved up here from Fort Lauderdale and June.
And you're getting through today with your show, baby.
Excellent.
Yeah, and I want to nominate a coach here.
I don't know too much about his record, but Dave Bliss,
that douchebag from Baylor, that tried to cover up that murder
of his player last summer.
Dave Bliss?
Yeah.
Patrick Denny, that big kid got killed by...
Oh, yeah, of course.
Yeah.
I mean, what kind of unethical...
Piece of crap.
I think the word you're looking for is piece of crap.
Yeah, that's exactly what he was.
Okay.
Good choice of words.
Yeah.
So, you're back in Miami right now.
For a little bit, yeah, for a few days until I can't stand it, no mole.
Until I run into mole and his hairpiece attacks me and I have to get out of here.
Oh, man.
Yeah, well, you know what?
I'm just so happy I was able to find you online, man.
And I'm so happy that I'm going to be getting out of here soon.
It rains here every day.
It's in the middle of November already.
It's humid and pours every goddamn day.
Yesterday it was like somebody kept turning the faucet on and off.
It just never stops.
Yeah, I read the sunset and I'll every day online.
I know it's a crappy paper, but well, read Mike Russo's column and you'll find out that our new
Ahaki coach was dancing up and down the ice last night.
It was great.
Have a great day, pal.
Okay.
Okay, look out for the cheeseheads.
Thanks, but.
11 past 11 at 560 WQM.
How about Vince Lombardi?
That's just a joke.
Well, I mean, I just say it because it's like Bobby Cox.
You wanted me to put that on there.
The worst coach isn't somebody who doesn't always win the World Series with a championship
or the Super Bowl or the Stanley Cup or the Gray Cup or the GAY Cup.
That's not the worst coach, see?
Keep your eye on the balls.
Okay, I tried to.
Remember what the question is.
Who, what pro or college or manager was the absolute worst?
Not just maybe.
Not just, ah, not so good, but.
Absolutely.
The worst of all time.
Okay.
That's not somebody keeps winning all kinds of division championships, things like that.
Even though he may be choking it a little bit.
11 past 11.
I'll tell you one thing.
If I manage to the Braves when Dale Murphy was on it, he might not have choked it.
Dale Murphy, he drinks a lot of milk.
He's a good all-American boy.
That's why even though he was a great player, nobody has any idea who'd made it.
Don't remember him anymore because he was boring.
He came up as a catcher.
They remember he had that, well, I don't know, I want to get into his personal life.
I thought that was Johnny Bench.
Hey, everybody seems to be on a low carb diet today.
You know, I also find another thing.
I just got over the stomach problem.
My, ah, I think it was a stomach virus.
But anyway, when I'm here, I got to pull this mic up.
There we go.
Because I sit up against this and it presses against your guy, damn perfect the whole time.
And I'm like pressing against my big fat protrusion.
And my stomach too.
If anybody out there wants to get rid of that big fat stomach and get rid of all your disgusting...
Wait, here's a place you're going to love, shop and add delights at Westboka, the one and only.
Your search for a place like this is over because they're right here in South Florida and beautiful Westboka.
They've got in this one great sore over a thousand low carb product.
They got your bagels and breads and cheesecakes and muffins and brownies and chocolates.
And pasta and sauces and chips and dips and ketchup that were famous carbolite ice cream and lots of new things like the Blitz Stoke Mints.
I thought that was going to say Blinces.
Judy's low carb peanut brittle.
Champion light drinks are back in five delicious flavors.
Simply low carb bread with stevia, elanuba jams you'll be jamming on it in seven gourmet flavors.
Carb slim bites, a great snack with thank goodness, no malt with all of stuff like that.
So you won't make it lots of trips.
Chocolate caramel or peanut butter flavored.
Slim carb fudgies for all you fudge packers out there.
Fudge brownies or chocolate raspberry cookies.
They all sound great and they taste great.
And that's what you need when you're on one of those atkins or low carb diets because you know you've got to have something with some taste when your sweet tooth starts acting up.
You got to have something to satisfy and that's why you love delights.
You can try anything the story can sample it before you bite and the Atkins products, all of them.
The vitamins, the books, the products around sale all day, every day.
The lights is open seven days a week, ten to ten.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market.
You can safely far from Moeshouse. You can call them to free at 1-877 Low Carb.
That's with the W. L-O-W-C-A-R-B or on the web.
You'll find them at lowcarb.com.
The lights of Westbokets, your official Atkins retail center.
Five and the local business is five sixty.
The radius of yours is a few in.
CSI, Montgomery, Alabama.
I won't know for sure until I get to the lab.
But I think it looks like coveting the neighbors why?
CSI, Montgomery, Alabama.
With a ten commandments rule.
So what do you got for me?
Your victim had tuna salad for lunch.
Bore false witness had at least several false gods before him
and may not have honored his mother and father.
But all the tests aren't in yet.
CSI, Montgomery, Alabama.
Son and nut at nine right after let's pray until it hurts.
1117, let's pray until it hurts.
Okay, Alabama will stowage more.
In a pretrial brief, Alabama attorney general bill prior
requested Chief Justice Roy Moore be removed from office
for defying a federal judge's order to remove that
grant attend commandments monument from the rotunda
of the Alabama judicial building.
More scheduled will appear two days before the state court
of the judicial year in a trial like proceeding
where he faces a number of possible outcomes
from exoneration to remove from orifice.
How do you like that?
Well, there's Paul Bremer.
He says, oh, I love the way they,
and I say this only sarcastically.
The way they describe the situation is becoming unmanaged.
Unmanageable in Iraq, which is why they brought him back
here because it's just out of control.
We're talking about security and the safety of the troops
and everybody over there.
People are dying like flies and it's
stringing to like utter chaos.
They just realize that now.
Yeah, they just figuring that out like, oh, we got a oops.
We got a problem here Houston.
In his brief, prior said the judge had been removed
because he intentionally and publicly engaged in his conduct
and because he remains unrepentant for his behavior.
The chief justice should receive the severest penalty for his
sensational flouting of a valid federal injunction,
prior wrote, and you know what?
He's absolutely correct.
You know, just thumb right on it.
When I see Oscar Bravo with your phone in name,
don't waste your time sending any more facts
to Zirka's American to read him.
I see your sending him to Mad Dog at the wrong facts machine.
Get lost with your phone in name.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, see I know the crank calls,
I know the crank, faxes, and I know him,
I see him in my bowel movement.
Correct him.
63 votes for I still don't care about smart, smart spook.
That's 28.3%.
But Dave Wandsdett's leading the way.
He's got 51 votes.
The worst, the absolute worst of all time.
Not just worst right now.
But the absolute positive worst of all time.
In other words, absolutely.
No question about it.
Wandsdett 51, Terry Murray 21.
The fans hated you, the players hated you, Terry.
You're a person like a frog, like a dead one, like a boofo.
Well, that's right, that's the beast of boofo.
Rich Coteye 21, Lou Holtz 11.
Perry Swisher's got 9, David Shula 8.
Jula Jula.
Here he found 7, Perry Clark 7, Renee Latchman 6.
I just like playing that little, that binky thing.
I like playing.
The last man.
Oh, isn't he on that 8.50 station?
The last man.
That big sports thing that Norma can.
By the way, Norma, where were your last night?
You idiot, you little faggot you.
The last man.
Dave Campos got 6.
The last man.
Wayne Sutter's got 5.
The last man.
Wayne Font's got a pair.
The last man.
Wayne Handley and the Charlie Pitt, Chipel, Charlie Pitt.
Charlie Pell, each have 2.
The last man.
Monty Clark and Lou Sabin, each have 1.
The last one.
No votes yet for Port Terry Brennan.
That's good because he took so much crap and no to Dave, man.
And Catholics just about roasted him.
They just about nail him up to a cross.
Jesus.
Ron Rothstein, Dave Bliss and Joe Walton and Duffy Doherty.
I put him on Air Michigan State Day in the Vine.
I'll have none so far.
225 vote.
All my Michigan State friends out there.
I put Duffy Doherty on there.
He was just, oh.
A yard and a half in a cloud of dust.
That was his specialty.
Exasperating.
Anyway, here's some facts.
What about Lee Corso?
He sure talks a good game.
Did I put him on Air yet?
I'll put him on Air.
Lee Corso was an awful coach.
He's an awful talking head on the SPN as well.
A major asshole, but not a big asshole.
Then our close personal friend Mo.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Let's take up, instead of collecting money for a charity,
we'll just take up a collection of pay off most salary.
What do you think?
Probably raise more money than anything else.
And then here's one.
You don't get it.
You just your sour.
You're bitter.
You're mean people.
Is there a worse coach than Pat Riley?
Of course.
Eight million dollars salary.
Plus $80 million payroll.
25 wins.
You could win a championship with Karim, magic, worthy.
Maybe I could.
They won in spider-rally.
It's it.
Now, he just had too much success elsewhere.
With or without great players.
And don't be saying these the worst coach ever.
And Scottsdale means bragging about how he broke the news
of Riley resigning right here on his show.
Here on the near Rogers show on a sports station,
where you take the sports shows that have been breaking it,
but no.
No way.
We broke it right here.
Ron Rothstein speaking of the heat.
Good choice.
And Joe Walton.
Now I love that choice of the jets.
Oh, and veteran, the prevent offense.
What that was called was prevent from winning.
Every time to go in the prevent,
that means that we're going to prevent you
from winning this game.
Well, drop back about 50 yards
and let him just march down a field,
15, 20, 30 yard chunks at a time.
Joe Walton, he was bad.
He was brutal.
Now, where did he coach Collins before he went to the jets?
Joe Walton.
Somebody will know.
Because you got that dumb look on your face, as usual.
The last minute.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy belated birthday.
Thank you.
I just celebrated number 43 yesterday.
Well, yesterday, well, that's close enough.
Let me give you a little jingle,
if I can get my finger on it.
And the jingle.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Hey, I'm glad somebody called with David Shula
because I was really, you know, he was bad.
Yeah.
And I was really torn between him
and that cartoon character, John Bowles.
John Bowles?
Yeah.
The Marlins.
Oh, I forgot all about him.
V-O-L-E-S.
That's right.
I forgot all about John Bowles.
Oh, he was the worst.
John Bowles and Low Gulfs.
Yeah.
Right.
And you're talking about the weather down here?
Yes.
I should be at work, but I'm here waiting on air conditioning.
Boy, to come here, I've been without a Steve for like three days.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Wow. Good luck, man.
Yeah.
Well, he should be here any minute, crossing my fingers.
I'll see you in Syracuse.
Okay.
Thank you.
Take care.
Where is that game, by the way, speaking of cues?
I hit the people on this station talking crap.
Oh, I know the hurricanes are so disorganized now
and it's all these problems.
And what's his name, ain't gonna play?
Because he's got a big mouth and a screwed up.
It's home.
It's here.
You're playing the Syracuse.
The Syracuse is like playing a blind girl school, okay?
I mean, what are your people talking about?
The reason they do that is so that after Miami wins like 83 to 6,
they'll be able to say, oh, you see, we're back.
Oh, that's the wrong song.
Well, what did they have a song?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
See, I want to say this, and I really mean this.
If a community, if an area is only judged,
this crap about, aren't we blessed down here, Jim?
That kind of garbage, by its sports teams,
by the success or failure of its sports teams,
then that's a pretty sad commentary, I would say.
Wouldn't you?
Sure.
Now, I'll give you an example.
The most successful franchise in NHL history
of the Montreal Canadians, there is no question.
They've won far more Stanley Cups than anybody else.
Now, I've never been in Montreal, and some people tell me
it's a very delightful place, but there's one problem
with Montreal too many frogs.
So you'd hardly say that Montreal is paradise,
especially those English-speaking people
who've been badgied and driven out of the city
because of a bunch of militant obnoxious smelly frogs
with their goddamn speedos.
So just because they're a sports team,
of course, in recent years they're making up for it,
and this year you mark my words even though they start
out pretty good this year, they'll suck.
They will suck and bite the big one,
although I do like Josie Thieter,
he could play on my team any time if he catched my drift.
And what did Brad Richards do with that skinhead haircut?
He must be in Tampa too long.
Hey, come on, Brad, you must be hanging out in Temple Terrace.
Or lutes.
They're all going to be skinheads pretty soon over there.
Hey, Brad, he was okay.
I think they got some good players on that team.
Don't start with that hockey stuff again, man.
You'll blow the whole audience out of here.
You're right.
I don't want to blow the whole audience.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. When is this?
You don't remember fantasy from the modern world?
Yeah, I do. It just took me about two seconds, yeah.
Volody.
He wasn't too volzy old, Volzy.
Watching MSNBC last night on the crawler.
I saw that there's somebody trying to fire Rumsnow?
Yeah.
I have the story. It's on our website,
as a matter of fact. We got an all-man.
Who is the party trying to do this?
Who is the one?
Who is the party trying to fire him?
A group of Democrats in Congress.
I'll find it for you here somewhere.
Okay. Okay.
One thing. I want you to give me an opinion on my opinion.
I think John Kerry speaks well,
but he looks like hell.
What do you think?
He looks scary, John Kerry.
Isn't he?
You know what?
I don't like about him.
He keeps bringing up his military experience
and all other crap.
In the meantime, he didn't have the balls to oppose our involvement
in Iraq in the first place,
as opposed to how we're deemed who did right from the beginning.
John Kerry to me has been all over the place.
I don't mind not to fond of him.
So he's still on the fence.
Here's the story. It's the lead story on our website.
26 House Democrats pushed a fire at Ramsfeld,
a group of more than two dozen House represented Democrats
on Monday said they'd introduced a resolution urging President Bush
to fire Defense Secretary Ramsfeld.
This resolution would make official what many members of Congress
already believe that the soldiers in Iraq
would be helped greatly if Ramsfeld would leave,
said Representative Charles Wrangel of New York, who I like a lot.
Okay. My runs coach, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That the Magic Johnson for the Migos.
Bye.
Okay. Thank you.
Magic was coached for about two minutes.
Right?
If that.
Well, my name everybody can be all things to all people.
You know what I'm saying?
Just like Dion Sanders on there talking about how well you know,
what's his name?
Dan Reeves?
Not Dan Reeves.
Who's the coach of the Falcons?
Dan Reeves.
Dan Reeves, like I said.
And they beat the crap out of the giants afterward.
And the pre-game shoulder,
and which I'll never watch again, there was Dion.
I want to coach the Falcons.
I want to coach.
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to coach.
And everybody on the broadcast, they're saying,
you couldn't coach your way out of a paper sack.
You crazy ass bastard.
You silly ass step and fetch it.
Pimped looking at you.
And then they proceeded.
Wasn't it like 42 to six or something like that?
I mean, Dan Reeves has had an illustrious coaching career
in the National Football League.
And here's Dion Sanders, a turd burger in a min coat,
talking crap, talking trash.
Dion, you make me sick.
Seriously, he is bad for race relations in the world,
not just in America.
He is the worst stereotype of an arrogant obnoxious, so you know what?
You're last name.
Well, not him, no.
26 past 11 at 5, 60, WDQM.
Hey, if you're fat, we're always talking about fat.
I'm not sure you want to know why.
I'm fat, the Humphers fat, Josh Friedman's fat.
We got the beast is fat.
Many people are building just suffering from fatitis.
If that's your problem, why not try balance for life?
You've tried the Atkins, you've tried the grapefruit diet,
you've tried the fruity diet, you've tried everything under the sun,
you've tried balance, not tried balance for life.
See?
There you go.
I stumbled right into it.
Balance for life is the way to do it, because if you frustrated
with the others that haven't worked for you, this is easy.
Because with the others, it takes a lot of work.
You have to worry about what you shop for, you have to count,
calories, you have to count carbs.
They do all the work for you.
At Balance for Life.
All you do is fill out your menu once a week.
They have facts to you, you have facts to it back.
You have two choices for each meal and snack.
Every day that you're on a program, and they bring the food right to your door.
They make it so simple that even a moron can do this.
That's right, right at your door every morning by 6 a.m.
there's your little black sack.
Everybody wants to have a little black sack.
And in your sack is all the food you need for the entire day.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
Let me emphasize again, no pre-fabricated food,
which are usually associated with this kind of program.
Nothing in a little box, nothing like with chemicals,
and all of that other garbage.
Everything is fresh and delicious, made with the best ingredients
and money can buy.
You'll love the food, it'll keep you full all day long,
and you'll watch that wait pour off your body with a matter of days.
You'll see results in that scale.
So if you're sick and tired of being overweight, out of shape, unhealthy as hell,
the the larger end or diabetic, all of these things,
call Balance for Life today and start losing it right away.
Call 954-568-229.
954-568-229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
Live in the world, we are sports radio 560-UAM.
Backship station.
Here.
Oh, baby McCartney, new ones on the way.
Haven't been a daddy since he has today.
Heather's expecting we can work it out,
but it doesn't make me want to twist and shout.
But I'm 64, I'll still change diaper.
When this keeps grown up, I will be dead.
Better stop those down, baby white birds,
My aching head,
or baby McCartney won't give me no rest.
I am that much better off than he bears.
Don't know if the kid will be a singer.
Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes.
Want the child to have ten toes in finger?
Unlike it's mine,
Baby McCartney, your dad is elderly.
Wonder why couldn't just miss me.
27 children will plant little parlor game here.
They'd call it blame the coach.
Rip an ass, just put them on a cross and crucify them.
Like poor Terry Brennan.
See, if Notre Dame was like a religious school,
if the Catholic Church was really such a good bunch of pious people,
they would be like so obsessive about winning every game and every sport.
It would be like sportsmanship,
it would be all about it, right?
But it's not.
It's like a fanatical insane obsession,
even worse than with the Heracune's man.
And the best part of it is Notre Dame late loses their ass in everything.
Touchdown Jesus.
Touchdown Jesus.
You said it, baby.
In fact, every time I see what's his name?
Brady Quinn, I say Jesus.
I say, oh God, there is a God.
But at any rate, see, like I said,
he's a true freshman, too, by the way,
as opposed to a phony sophomore,
or an Erzatz junior, or a senile senior.
Here's one of our chronic facts.
I think there must be,
they must be filth of it like laughing gas in this studio.
It's getting worse every day in here.
I'm like, boom, boom, like this, I'm becoming one of it.
That's why I got to get out of here.
I'm becoming one of you.
Love your sports show,
it's the most chronic facts of them all,
and you're putting those other sports holes there to shame.
Of course, of course, nobody cares about what you're saying.
What about that linebacker for the Heracune's
who had like a hang nail?
Did you know that action creatures got two toes
that are together on one foot?
Really?
Yeah.
He was born that way.
There are two toes that are like a platypus.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry Jessica. She's getting a role show. It's called the dumb bitch. I sure hope he ain't really touching
What's his name? I good buddy. What else is name from an idea degrees?
I don't know he sang the world series. He sang the star spam. What the hell is his name again? I can't believe I just out of sight out of my neck
Nick, Nick Lache, Nick Leechay
Anyway, what's my take on Brian and Jay?
I like it. That's my take on Brian and Jay. I'm loving it as a dolphin despiser and actually I don't well
Of course Wayne is the head of the organization, so that's good reason that that puts a park marker to on in the first place
What happened to Mo and Jay and then of course the whole thing with the fan. Oh Mo and Jay you can't separate them
I saw two legs in the parking lot. It was no they were hanging out of a Moses car. He was on a way out of here
Well, no, you gotta understand it. Well, I don't want to go in you
I don't want to draw you a picture. Here's one. It says Pete Rose
Who plays bets against his own team during games? Well, that's alleged. Okay alleged
We don't have any and although I will say this he's an idiot
You can bet on it. If you ever see Pete Rose at the track, you'll want to cry and
We're not impressed Pete. You can stack all $100 bills up on the table
And we still think you're an asshole whether you bet on those games or not. We don't care. You're an asshole with a gambling problem
John Bowles it says here
Craig and Miami says John Bowles more like John Bowles
Yeah, but he had a movement out of the dugout out of the ballpark, which is a good move and now they won a world serious. It was a good movement
Poor Dave Wands dad man. He's I don't think anybody's got to touch him
Nobody can come close to poor old Dave Wands dad. I think another good one
Not too soon because we don't get two sports intensive what city has got the worst franchises or what's the what's the most cursed sports franchise of all time something like that
If we want to get sports in Santa I see you're like I'm not saying we ought to do it now, but I'm thinking of like the Bears
The Bears did win a championship in or did the Bears win or the giants in 64 I think was the year Billy Wade the Bears
I think they won the bears won the Super Bowl in 86 they did they sure did the Bears won a Super Bowl
They beat up on the patriots. I know. I'm trying to forget it. I know it was an embarrassing game
That was a drew blood so game wasn't it not I was before he was there that was
Jimmy Kordoba who was oh Jimmy Khmam was a star of the Bears, but who is the a Patriot quarterback?
Come on eight 1986 times up. I know this
Work on it five six seven oh five. See if you let's get my eastern who Tony eastern Tony Eastern
Out of sight out of mind. I remember the name. Don't remember what he looked like
Probably not too good. Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. I do remember more see oh, oh,
Pupu, Pupu. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing?
Hey, I bet you I got one good one for you. You got to buddy Ryan buddy Ryan was horrendous man
Philadelphia and what an attitude on him too, huh?
That guy says you better go out and kill the people we get to win this game right?
Sorry, yeah, coach. Amen. Well said, pali. Go ahead. See you
I would have good sense of humor go heat no win a gamer to and that's about it. Am I right?
Absolutely
Body Ryan, well, he was a classy looking guy the winning his father and I am
Here's a fact that what the fashers are pouring and I think I hit the mother load here today
I could be wrong, but I don't think so
See the reason the timing of this is it's like a no-brainer because everybody here is getting fired or quitting or you know between
Riley and then you had Torborg in mid season they brought an ancient old Jack McKee and everybody laughed all he did was win the world series
And he got the Mike Keenan taking it up the butt from the Panther organization and
Rick dumpster whatever hell his name is
The worst sports coach of all time was Bob Wade it says here. See I'm thinking I just did I just get you talking about Billy Wade?
I really do believe that Billy Wade was the quarterback of the Bears sometime in the 60s when they played the giants in the
Champions of game there wasn't a Super Bowl back then why are you older? What yeah? He was a John Thompson wannabe after who was hard after
Lazy left you yourself was unjustly canned for Lenny by his death
Wade took a shattered program and killed it
It's kind of like sounds like Greg Reed it took Gary William is 10 years to bring it back to life
Of course when he was canned Wade blamed it on racism not the fact that he couldn't win a game
And he had 10 recruiting violations that kept Maryland other postseason play for two years. Thank you, Rich
He votes for Bob Wade and I put it on the list by excuse my pen. I say I got to realize I got to write these better so that when I
Facts them to Eric he can actually read them. Sorry Eric you demand
Let's see Alan a regular facts your rights the sad fact is the Yahoo judge in Alabama
Well eventually wind up as governor even worse the US senator maybe president someday
Speaking of crap coaches. What about the third member of the pathetic jets tram for it Walt Michaels
He ain't no al Michaels. I'll take that. Okay. We'll put him on there. Just if any series a long tradition of really crappy coaches, you know that
Many many of
Okay, thank you a big L five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 TNT and Verizon wireless line
I want to tell you right now besides getting laid what the for El is most worried about these days and that is his bed from dollar mattress
He's he wants it
He's jealous and rightfully so because he knows that virtually everybody else around here
That's got five or mucks a bucks or more at the QA misguided mattress and dollar mattress. I said mucks
Anyway, dollar mattress is the place to go because they don't have to go there. I have to do is column
Because in the mattress industry everybody else is well known for all kinds of phony
Claims and shell games ridiculous sale prices. They aren't real or sale at all at dollar mattress
No BS no bait and swish no phony promises
Just the best unbeatable discount prices every single day on the top brand names in the world now including
Steerings and foster hewitt when you call dollar mattress tool free at 1 800 mattress
You get to pick the day in time for delivery
I keep telling you this because most people don't believe it, but it's true
Seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night if you want them to show up and like between one and three
They'll be there if you want them between two and four they'll be there
I've been sleeping on the mattress from these folks for years every time I didn't knew when I wouldn't dream about calling anybody
Also certainly wasting a trip to a betting room department store
Honest sales practices fantastic unbeatable service every day low prices same day delivery and free setup and removal make it easy to see
My dollar mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
So don't get sucked in by the so-called sales with us furniture and betting stores
They never match which you get every day from dollar mattress
Call them right now you'll be sleeping with a big smile on your puts from ear to ear as soon as tonight
Miguel's doing it. George is doing it. Poke a bright even fat boy doing it and years truly. I'm doing it as much as I can
Call tool free 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or check them out online at mattress.com
Producers of American Idol
Comes a hard-forming collection of favorites interpreted by America's sweetheart
Gary Shiboh
Oh
Of course he loves to sing look how she smiling
Oh
Yes, this is Terry Shival, live from room 214c.
Another exploitation available now from the supplicant press.
That sounds like Eric Winner's like some kind of problem we call.
It's always been like that, like Cross between Terry and the Helen Keller.
It's 13 to noon at 560 WDQM and these levels in here I've never been working in the studio for five long,
and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year and I've
been working on this for about a year and I've been working on this for about a year to See what for people people people people people people from from from from from from.
Well I'm happy to see what else we got. Why are we thrilled? I'm happy to see what else we got. How much a pizz came down to sobre 80 pace that look every day every day every day every day this', it's Wednesday I forgot about that.
Or you three were going to do that one or two hours but that put that put that putting that putting that putting that put that putting that putting that put that putting that putting that put that put it that put T's where we are we are we are we?
Sir Xen was a piece of crap especially in Seattle man. I know and how about Jimmy Johnson.
Jimmy Johnson won two Super Bowls didn't he? Yeah but he didn't do it too well with the doll tree
and didn't even national championships for the University of Miami the Hurricanes. Oh well I guess
it did. Yeah bad choice. Have a great day Pally. What? Yeah Dennis Sarixen's sticking up the
joint in Frisco now too. Oh is he? He sure is. He's not the head coach. Yes he is. He's the head
coach of the Niners. You have to be schminton me. I haven't watched him play this year for whatever
reason. Dennis Erickson let's get him on air right away. 5 6 7 0 5 60 so that means we only have
another hour this fine-er-right thank God. Well we're getting a big response the factors are pouring in.
What Proor College Coature Manager was the absolute worst of all time? Absolute worst. Keep it in
mind. Not and don't give me like two or five or ten. If we're going to do that we could just make
a list of every person who ever was a pro or college. See what I'm saying? Well it would be the point.
Who are the 800 worst managers? They have to distinctly suck. They have to suck real hard. Absolutely.
I don't care about sports smoke. 85 you said that 27 and a half percent of militant like little
George they hate it. We don't like it. Not that's okay but just sit back and relax all right we'd
be the funny papers. They've watched at 63 poor old Dave man. I totally he sucked.
On this radio station you'll never ever get the truth about the coaches unless of course
like about the heat because we don't carry the heat games on the station right. Am I right?
Yeah sure. So I can say whatever they want. They could rip out rarely and ask when he was still there.
They can do whatever they want because we don't carry the heat we're never going to carry the heat
and quite frankly we don't give a fine figure about the heat. But when it comes to end of
franchises that we carry on as radio station it always the sports people out every single one of
on this radio station will suck up. Absolutely. Right they're all geniuses whether it was Terry Murray
Absolutely. Or BM Absolutely. Between Sutter was a genius. Absolutely.
The woman hell was or Dave Wands that absolutely who's got 64 votes and kick and crap over everybody
else is nobody even close to Dave. Rich code tights got 35 Terry Murray 25. They hate you Terry.
They can't stand you. Gary Fouce 12 David Chula has got 11. Luke Holstel star got 11. Come on.
Let's get a little better for Lou there. Holy 11. Very swishers got 11. Perry Clark 10.
Wayne Fonse 8. Renee Latchman's got 8. I got to play that thing again. I love it.
The Latchman. See you don't even know who that is. The Latchman. You some guy in 850?
Yeah he's a sports nerd guy. I used to work here. We used to work at IOD. He's a good guy. He's not a bad guy
but the Latchman. It's just I just love the way that kid says that. The Latchman.
Dwayne Sutter 6. Dave Campo 6. The Latchman. Ray Handley's got 4. John Bulls old Bulls. He started to
move up the list. He was bad. Bulls. He's got 4. Magic Johnson 3. Charlie Pell's 3.
Monty Clark 2. Dave Bliss 1. Bruce Sabin 1. The Dan divine 1. Ron Rothstein 1. And no votes yet
out of 314. For old Duffy Doherty. A yard and a half in a cloud of dust. Oh Duffy go away. Please
please. Terry did. Terry Brennan, Pete Rosennon. No votes for Buddy Ryan, Bob Wade,
Walt Michaels or Joe Walton yet. There'll be some Joe Walton votes because we got a lot of
new Yorkers here. Man and they obviously hate him like poison and wish he would die if he has
no ready. Nine minutes till noon at 560 WQM. Here's a call from Plantation. Hello.
Neil on my own. It sounds just like you. Hello. Yes sir. This is a fat guy from Plantation calling
in. I just wanted to get away from the sports for a while and tell you about two significant
things in the Miami Herald. The first thing I read today is that I've manned by the name of
Maurice Dykes, D-Y-K-E-S. And you know about Dykes Road down in Davy named after the gentleman.
No I don't. Well that's a famous road in Davy Dykes Road and for years and years I always
go out with named after Rosie O'Donnell but you got to find out opposite. How do you do?
And the second note is the City of Fort Lauderdale today is cutting their budget drastically
and the first place they've cut is the police department. I'm going to send the US offices on the road now.
So it will all be a lot safer and I guess that's a very good way to save money for the City of
Fort Worth. Absolutely. Well so getting away from the sports I hope I have enlightened you a
little bit today. Absolutely. You know I want to tell you thank you for your broad
chance. Absolutely and certainly appreciate it. Have a great day and stay off those Dykes.
Eight minutes still noon at five sixty. A lot of Dykes in Amsterdam I'll tell you that all
over Hollanderer Dykes everywhere. Well because they have all those canals there's a lot of
Dykes. It's part of the water system that's right. It's like in fact it's their country that's
like underwater basically they build a country a good part of it like on water kind of like South Florida.
Yeah surprise we don't wash away. Oh someday we will you will someday you will I won't be here.
Let's see how about it says who oh this is a good idea whoever coach per review A&M University
from eighty eighty nine to ninety eight they lost eighty straight football games. We'll have to
find that out. Scott how are we going to find that out. Per review A&M I can do a search on the
website. I mean on the Google whoever coach per review A&M eighty eighty nine and ninety eight they
lost eighty straight games. I guess couldn't have been too good huh and then look at these do you like
these. Is that what you said Eric? No this is just some sprawlings on here I don't know what
bell this is supposed to say. There's a bunch of hieroglyphic transcripts. Yeah but the good
thing is we can use the paper all over again. Five six seven oh five sixty those Tampa fans can
go wipe their ass with it. Pound five sixty on the eight. Look at these. Pound five sixty on the
eighteen TN Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Miami hello. That's me you got it thanks for
listening. Here's Miami hello. Hi man. It sounds like you yes. I just had a comment about
Kerry the one thing that is nice about him is he's a little bit more realistic on Iraq than I think
Howard Dean is with regards to cleaning it up and making a commitment to not turning it into
what GW thought it was. What does that mean? Well he thought it was a place for terrorists to go
and breed and now it is yes. And now it is thanks to Bush now it is. See Howard Dean was
opposed to it from the beginning and he was right he was the one who had the balls to say it right
off the bat one of the very few. Yeah that's great but now we're in the situation where it needs to be
cleaned up and no I say what needs to be cleaned up is to bring every American home tomorrow and if
they want to put in you in peacekeeping or if anybody else wants to volunteer their young people to
be slaughtered over there and make them a human sacrifice that's up to them but as far as I'm concerned
no more dead Americans over there for oil okay for the Bush cartel no more for the goddamn car
aisle group and for the a backtale and how I burdened and all these money granted bastards no more
bring them all home five six seven oh five city and by the way we're doing a beautiful job
on the fighting al Qaeda let's take the eighty seven billion dollars let's reimburse some of the
people who had their life savings are ripped off by in-run and all of other bushes buddies Kenny
Lay and those boys let's use part of that to pay those people back some of their life savings
and let's use the rest of it to really fight terrorism around the world and rude out Osama Yomama
and all these al Qaeda bastards who we aren't doing too bit of a job I love what Rumsfeld said a few
days ago on Sunday I think I'm the talking Hito his comment was well we're doing a we're having mixed
results against the al Qaeda and less results against the whoever else was the Taliban who are
back in action in Afghanistan just once we thought we had a marked out what is this crap coming
in my facts machine oh it's J.E. you know who this is this is your imbosils this is Mark the Jetspan
J.E.T.S. Jets we mean my imbosil I prefer my ears hound if from that neck of the woods they're from T-neck
four minutes till noon at five sixty QIM my and local here sports radio five sixty QIM
how it David when I take my felding I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 the one hour not George because he stupid
you
why did you tell me that your sister was so fab we did the nasty and I ended up with grabs I thought
that friendship was a given thing but I didn't know you steal my tools my truck and horn my ring but
let me say
let me say
say
when you lost your job down at the extra mark
you sat on my couch and you ate and drank and farted I thought that we would be best friends for life
after my back and hey I catch you banging my wife let me say
let me say
you
one of the saddest things I think I've ever witnessed to the sporting if I'd even though I enjoyed
myself tremendously was a really fine game last night nice going boys but at the panther game
that in between period insanity with Roberto LaWongo and at the contest with Abroad it's got to answer
the questions about friends you can see that no oh you're lucky
they go through like a two minute thing and she's got to answer as many different questions as
you can about friends and then Bobby LaWongo who ever only has got too much spare time on his hands
it must be a group of that show he answered like eight of them right that's what he doesn't
spare time while you know when you're under that much stress you know and have a weak defense
and you got to make 80 great saves every game it gets to it here's the fact that his fill latsman
is now doing mornings on WLRN how do you like that good old fill latsman
this is I'm sure he's happy to be away from bolger and rat think wolf I know I am hey Pete stick it
up your ass it says I'm making five times your salary unsigned let's go great congratulations to
anybody who escapes the clutches of PD Bolger and run to the rat think wolf and all is good
I'm in David Rossowitter as well at Tipe channel you bastard you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line here's for LaWongo today hello
hey how you doing pretty good good how about a guy named net hardness net hardness
yeah remember him we try rubble he points out of the first place one year the next year last place
what year was this like 69 or 70 really never a room net heart yet okay well I'm right him down
oh my god bye okay now I went to school with the kid named Andy Harkness does does that count
no oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
what pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time rash gonna day
covers a lot of territory I still don't care about sports mock 94 okay okay I'm still about it
they want that 68 rich co-tie 39 boy it looks like a one horse race like a walkover terry muri 27
david chula 13 Gary a fouls 12 very switches also got a dozen
luhold still of he's been stuck on love him for a long time Wayne fonts 10 perry Clarks got 10
Renee Latchman has got eight Dave Campos got seven how about Puppy Campo
Dwayne Sutter's got six Ray Handley's got five Charlie Pell four John Bowles old bulls he's got four
magic Johnson four they bliss two Monte Clark two only one vote for Dan divine Ron Rothstein and
Lou Sabin one of peace and no votes yet oh my god for Duffy Doherty Terry Brennan P.D. Rose
buddy Ryan Bob Wade Walt Michaels or Joe Walnut a 341 no votes for Joel Walton holy crap that's
scary that shocks the crap out of me well I'm putting that Harkness down there I have no idea who that is
here's a call from my I mean B. Chillow yeah no the worst coaches coach the
the Houston Olers and the New Orleans Saints as bum Phillips bum Phillips bum is the word
do you remember him sure do oh yeah he was a huge loser sure had the right name though didn't he
oh yeah I'm there but okay thanks pali the old bum Phillips
he's doing redneck wist too yeah he was made the did very well on drooling redneck well there
seems to be a good crossover because it's a southern thing you know it's a southern
thing a lot of them southern like bear brank kind of guys real julienya who did buddy Ryan there was
another one with a big fat puppet very swisher there just seem to be a whole like an endless
group of these people they crank them out they turn them out in the deep south five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line here sunrise hello hey don't pretty good have
anything on the a Jessica Lynch out of biographer hey about anything about it what do you mean by that
not read the book it's just read in the articles that are out there today about it sure how it's
only defonc it all the you know moral vision oh going into the hospital saving her what they
they right well I mean I've been we've had stories on that for for weeks now for many many weeks
months and now there's now there's something that it was Jessica Lynch who was perpetrating all
these lies oh yeah right they're going after her yeah yeah that everybody you got a bad phone
pali come on a real phone someday yeah not that one it's like everything else it was the CIA that
gave bad information it wasn't the fact the administration lied about all these things it was the
CIA was your intended because of course he was a holder from the Clinton years it's always somebody
else because we don't lie and we don't make up stories and we don't distort things just like that
that the tea made for TV event where they tore down the statue of Sodom that was all
stp post for TV now we don't do those things because after all the government would never lie to you
right just like peace in our time just as Henry Kissinger that Nazi son of a bitch just to ask him
about pieces in our hand yeah we got a piece in your hand all right piece of that just look in the
mirror Henry that's what you are how bad did he want to be president oh man he couldn't be president
wasn't born in this country that's why they're changing the rule now instead of them no that's a
no there were changing it for Arnold right he's going to be president and then he'll apologize
5 6 7 0 5 6 the listen there's no point in getting aggravated about it he just have a good time
that's all they're going to blow the whole world up one of these days when we least expect it
so to me time get laid here's a call from homestead hello yeah i like that too real
assholes to your list boatian backler and what he hates what he hates now i can't put either one
of them on air uh i mean it's just he doesn't understand we're not talking about assholes don't you
understand they don't get it what he hates wasn't a bad coach he was an asshole right the guys
right about that we already discussed that you still i remember i never forget that one game i
happen to be watching that Saturday you remember have you ever seen that clip where he reached out
and hit the kid from the other team on the head on the helmet i mean he was just eluded to
got to control yahoo what he hates over the top a little nutty no not a little nutty a nut job he's
and boatian backler i mean why would you say that the worst coach of all time he didn't like his
last name i guess he don't like michigan huh maybe that's the deal he's the hardest he is an ass
holder no question about that all a mad dog get pissed off about that probably come to your house
and beat the crap out of you sir but uh you don't get the pull you don't understand it what pro
our college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time and it sure wasn't no wasn't him
guarantee that everybody understands this pull except this guy absolutely yeah even the
moment knows it five six seven and we have so much trouble trying to explain to you folks so many
times that he's pulled they don't understand the definition first of all he says i have a couple
of four which is unacceptable and that's like are there assholes okay well guess what pal so are
you probably we're all assholes to somebody i just not think about that i bet you nobody's ever
thought about this before revolutionary moment on a show there's probably not anybody in the world
who's somebody who knows that person or knows of that person hasn't thought that's an asshole
you know what i mean but we got a lot of people who are an asshole denial no no but you're you
don't change the subject okay asshole you know what i'm saying i think that's a very pertinent
point here that i just stumbled on to everybody thinks somebody is an asshole you'll a little
too many people think you're an asshole and of course there are a lot more people think i'm an
asshole and you know what i really don't care because i'm a witness the bank i just chuckle
myself i'm an asshole i like that Dennis Lewis song he keeps saying i'm an asshole and here's
a whole bunch more money in the bank here's key largo hello god yes speaking happy when that
asshole got the user oh no never do you have a voice of reason sure or even a voice of reason
can be an asshole as far as your poll i might have to retract this one because of what you just say
oh the only thing more boring than maybe side talking is college sports but now Bobby Bouton was he
like uh did his record uh kind of justify what an asshole he was no okay so he's a great great
success unfortunately on the field not not recently so much but he has a great a great career
but he's an asshole you're right okay all right he has in reference to the panther game that was
beautiful i listened to it on the radio and just hearing the wind made listening grant emolar
tolerable oh boy i must have really been good then yes yes but uh let's hail Dudley do right and
uh see what happens all right i have a great day pali Dudley do right i like that that's even
better than the guy who put the uh Dudley Dudley Dudley do right what at the goofy he's the
strange looking dude man he's got the worst hair piece he's more than mo and he's got that uh
funny uh thing on his chin that i guess you'd call a beard he's got a hair piece yet he has dandruff
yeah yeah he rick clean up your act a little bit okay how about some head and boulders man
anybody's got a hair piece with dandruff has got some real problemas but uh they want to
game he kicked their ass he put him in a shape a little bit he said you guys are really great
which of course they're not but uh and then we had that great Canadian nick uh haggman
that's the moment i'll never forget my life is you you had to be there standing over scot
there in a control room as if we're listening to four-round interview nick haggman who's from
Finland who speaks with a very heavy accent and scot is insisting to me oh no that can't
be either a brayer haggman it's a Canadian don't you hear it's a Canadian what's even worse you
know you know you're Canadian Zay what's even worse is we're interviewing him in a locker room afterwards
to. 11 past noon you're finished. 11 past noon at 560 WQA and hey if a lot of you folks
feel like you're finished because you're not getting any money on that paycheck if
it just barely enough to scrape by and you're sick and tired of expending all that energy
for peanuts. Here's the answer for you. You can get yourself trained and ready for a
great new career in a big fat one that goes along with it in a paycheck too and just
four count them four short months. That's right fast-tracking every training certified
for a great high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical
computer specialist in a short time as four short months. Fast-tracking office you're
day evening and weekend classes they offer you job placement assistance and financial aid
for people who qualify and they have six convenient flow rate locations to and tap and
you know what can we do about that. But four right here in South Florida so there's probably
one not too far from where you live. So if you're sick and tired of working for nothing
and you're tired of everybody else having a few bucks and you never have two nickels
to rub together change your life get a career and the big earning is a power that goes along
with it. Call fast train today check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com
and then make that call that really can change your life call fast train one eight six six
fast train be sure to mention Todd Dreck when you call.
My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My
ck. Nick Ahmed. D ktre Kajah Himee. Varanada. Pan Patrick.
But they can't find it with a microscope.
Every player must be told
Where they'll dope you if you want to play pro sports.
They'll dope you and then they'll haul you into corn.
They'll watch me.
They'll dope you just to make your muscles lift.
And when you test a size, just leave the deal.
No matter what they ask, just say no.
Every player must be told.
Probe 17 is 560 WQM.
I almost forgot it was Wednesday.
That would have been bad.
Don't be forgetting that.
Let's see, 100 votes on Air from I Don't Care About Sports.
Muck, 100 people said that.
They launched at 72, Rich Cotide 41, Terri Murray 27.
Everybody else quite frankly is small potatoes.
560, 505, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Lines.
Bad news for President Bush.
Well, not really bad news.
No surprise.
All of these going there.
Many people in Britain believe I couldn't believe this morning.
I'm hearing that the city of Miami is going to be the home.
Hope to be the home for the...
I just can't believe that.
The free trade, the FTA.
We're going to be like a home zone, a home base.
That should make for some real interesting years to come.
Many people in Britain believe the international standing of the U.S.
has suffered under President George W. Bush.
And dislike is handling the situation in Iraq.
An opinion poll published in London's Times newspaper says.
59% of respondents that America's standing in the world has diminished under Bush's presidency.
While 60% disapproved of his handling of the situation in Iraq.
47% said he didn't seem up to the job of being U.S. President.
While 40% believe Britain benefits from the close relationship between Bush and Blair.
Regarding the war in Iraq, 49% believe that military action was the wrong thing to do.
And 37% said, you go, you go boys.
Unpopular in Britain just as much as he's unpopular on this show or at least almost.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. I'm going to add Dave Schulitz to the list that you've been adding already.
He's on it. He's got 14 votes.
How about Bruce Conzlet?
Okay. There you go. We've been waiting for that.
All right. Good one.
You're not just an anti-due.
Right. He sucks.
He sucks.
Okay. Thanks, Pat.
Have a great day.
Bruce Conzlet. You've been sitting in there waiting for the moment that we could put that on there.
I sure have.
Although I do like a nice Veele Cutler once in a while.
Now let's see. Here's one that says.
Serious contender for both worst coaching and joling in a sadistic redneck award.
Ray Perkins.
The guy and before you will love child of the Bastion number.
What does this say? Rich in Madera Beach.
I guess he's talking about Farrell. Don't be knocking Farrell, Rich.
Ray Perkins, he says, is a joling yahoo in an awful coach and never still afraid to him, but is still a major asshole.
Ray Perkins, okay.
Let me thanks a whole bunch more of these.
A few more more.
The poor Eric, who's probably pissed off and fired up.
Sorry about that, Eric.
But once in a while we got into one of these to keep you on your toes.
You know, just like a little ballet, little exercise, little four dance.
Keep you in shape.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Oh, the old boy is a happy birthday.
Thank you so much.
I just wanted to say this guy called up about 75.
The guy is full of net hardness doesn't know anything.
Net hardness led an ideally school to two net sea titles at Cornell.
And one year, two years coached the lacrosse team to an NCAA title.
Well, I'm scratching him off right now.
Thank goodness I didn't fax him yet.
Yeah, I mean, that's four.
I mean, you know, this is a place where people have to go to school and have good air fray days.
And I think that's an idiot.
Right.
Well, we got a lot of those, man.
You know that.
That's what makes the world go around lots of idiots.
Thanks for scratching them off.
Okay, I have a right to say.
Thanks for scratching it.
He said, oh, I haven't done a long time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, 18, 10 for rise in wireless line.
The mad dog at 2, the hunter at 4.
Three solid hours in a studio.
They're hanging.
Then we need to be not too many.
No, no, no, we need to be.
Please, no more.
We need to say, put the weedies down.
All carbs.
The big.
Oh, from a seven to 10.
Then you got 80k at 10.
You know, so how we come with all those other checks?
See, I think the reason for all shiny with hockey game last night.
I went to dinner instead because his dinner was free.
And if you would have come to the hockey game, you had to bring me a check for band and pet rescue.
Well, if his dinner wasn't free now, he really has an excuse not to give you a check.
Yeah, right.
Now let's see.
Mark, then there's no message on here.
That's a good start mark.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, 10 for rise in wireless line.
Here's a call from Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I've been trying to click on your story on your website, the CBC story.
Yeah.
And I have a call.
Every time I click on it, it actually goes to the story that's right below it.
It's a planet prison and I can't get up, can't get the story.
Well, I'm, I'm clicking on it right now and I'm taking a look at my screen and I see a conspiracy three CBC.
It's got to be you, not the website because I'm looking at it right, I got it right there.
Okay.
Talk to me about two seconds.
Well, I'd say through that the PC right out the window and get a new one.
Yeah, I could try that.
That might work.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, good luck.
It's not us.
It's this guy.
It's certainly how maybe it's his ISP.
Maybe it's PCP.
Maybe it's his who don't know what it is.
He's having some problems.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let me give you a piece of advice again and then pop up ads.
Don't ever get sucked into those.
And Eric told me it's up.
I'm dumb.
You know, it's not anybody else that's fault.
I'm dumb.
I told you how he got sucked in and had to change my merc and express card because I actually, yeah.
One of those things that says it'll speed up your computer.
And it's got all the flashing lights.
And Eric has told me this in the past.
He said, don't get sucked in on that because the fancier it looks.
He said it's so easy to set something like that up.
A ten-year-old kid can do it.
And it looks very authentic and very exciting and it's going to do this.
And then in the meantime, all they do is get all your information.
And they buy a house on your credit card.
Buy a bunch of crap.
Buy a lot of drugs.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
A call from Indianapolis.
Hello.
You know, do you have Mike Davis on your list?
Mike Davis.
Who the hell's that?
He's the guy who replaced Bob Knight at Indiana.
Oh, is he bad?
He is the absolute worst.
All right.
He just wants to use Indiana to try to get into the pros.
Does he beat the kids up a little bit?
He beats the kids up a lot bit.
Oh good.
Well, they're used to that.
They like it.
If I could have one more Tyrone willing him at Notre Dame.
Tyrone willing him?
At Notre Dame.
The coach of Notre Dame.
That's his name, Tyrone?
Yeah.
Oh, you got to be schmitting me.
No wonder they're losing every game.
No, sir, that's his name.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Nate.
Have a great day, Pally.
Tyrone.
Boy, you got a coach named Tyrone.
You are not headed for touchdown, Jesus.
I'll take that.
What?
No, no, don't say it.
Don't say it.
Okay.
Just calm down.
You're on the wrong show for that.
Okay.
Just calm down, Pally.
Oh, look at this.
No jail for oral sex on Sleeping Man.
This is amazing.
Now, what is this from?
Is this like from some authoritative news source
that somebody just sent to me?
Where the hell is this from?
A gay man narrowly escaped a jail term today
for performing oral sex on an unsuspecting, sleeping straight man.
Michael Brett Kulta, 36.
This must be I say it's Australia.
It's down under.
Michael Brett Kulta, 36.
The manager of a government apprenticeship scheme
from Shailer Park in Brisbane, South,
pleaded guilty in the Brisbane District Court
to sexual assault with circumstances of aggravation
June 26 last year.
Got there so silly.
Just like a Brit's same old thing
and a rubbed off Audembourg at British Empire.
They all had it.
Even like the Canadians, I mean,
it's wonderful as the so many of them are.
They still got just a little taste of that sillyness, yeah?
Judge Michael Shanahan and sentencing Kulta,
the six months jail, wholly suspended,
said the defendant had caused a distress
to a victim who was not homosexual.
Oh, well, in that case, it's bad.
It seems there was a serious aspect to it
that you took advantage of a man who was asleep
and who knew who you knew was not a homosexual persuasion,
Judge Shanahan.
How did he know that?
The impact of the offense on him has been significant.
He was reduced to tears and the distressing impact
seems to be ongoing.
The 21-year-old had a sexual victim who can't be identified
was visiting his friend who was Kulta's gay partner.
Oh, I see.
The trip or plane to take a day trip
to a far north-western town of Brian Bay the next day,
and so the 21-year-old was sleeping over.
They all played chess and drank before Kulta's partner went to bed.
Kulta asked the young man if he wanted to watch a porno video
but he said no in fell asleep.
The victim awoke to find Kulta, sucking his penis.
Priced your Michael Lahain so the victim was terrified
and wanted to bash Kulta but was afraid too
because he was dwarfed by him.
He was just a little guy.
Kulta kept apologizing but the victim left on his motorbike
started crying and called police when he got home.
Judge Shanahan said he was wholly suspending the sentence
because of the guilty plea.
Kulta's previous good record and the fact that no force was used
and he resisted.
Whatever the hell that means.
The other guy didn't resisted but he resisted.
5'6'7'0'5'60
Though it's Celiostradians, man, it's just unbelievable.
The kind of crap that goes on.
I wonder if Prince Charles was in the room.
He was probably doing it.
Poor Prince Charlie, man.
It makes my skin just tingle with excitement about the royal family
because they're all a bunch of perverts and a bunch of hypocrites
and a bunch of phony baloney and they all got their nose
way up in the air.
You know, they're so much better than everybody else.
And that's what you asshole Brits.
I know we got many of you listening out there.
Thank God you got out of there before it's too late.
What a silly-ass place.
People are starving to death over there.
They got massive unemployment.
It's becoming more and more violent all the time.
Bad crime.
And in the meantime, they got the royal family.
They all run around.
Princess Anne and this one and that one and the oh god.
Let the meat-spotted dick.
Let the meat-crap is what I say, okay?
Let them go out there on the Fox Hunt
and let the all the beagles out there
leave a trail of ones for them is what I say.
27'5'60'WQM
If you're looking to replace that tired old nasty carpeting your home,
here's a really good idea.
Laminate Saras.
It's the easy low maintenance alternative
to expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminate Saras is the best of smart place for you to find.
Laminate wood flooring from Peridor or Pergo Wilson,
our beautiful quick step to top names in the business.
And all of Laminate Saras' flooring is installed by Pergo Certified Instaurs.
Who know exactly what they be doing.
Here's another reason to call Laminate Saras their price are so low it'll floore.
Right now get their fall special for just $1495 bucks.
Let me say to get it sounds too good to be true,
but it is true.
Just $1495 bucks gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring.
Unbelievable.
And Laminate Saras will match any legitimate written off for two.
For a free and home estimate column toll free
and tell them that nasty old meal told you to call negative old meal.
1-877-773336.
What would be easier?
Free carpet disposal free furniture moving.
They give you a 25 year warranty and to get on top of that.
Years and years of beautiful easy care for Laminate wood flooring.
Comed today toll free 1-877-773336.
My phone is this 4.2560.
Way to A.
I do not.
I just got through a planus on last break tonight.
That friend's thing.
So to hell with it.
Well, no, I was busy trying to find something there and you guys have got stuff differently than the way I have it up there in the DCS.
I was looking for Mo.
How are David in the ginger and Neil gave reunion.
And it's under HD.
It's under HD for ginger for whatever the fact I don't even it's not even in here.
It's not even in here.
You're looking under ginger.
Do you see it?
Mo gay union.
Mo gay union.
Mo gay union.
Mo.
You have to be who put that in there.
Did you put that in there?
No.
Are you going to tell me that George put that under under Mo gay union?
Mo gay union.
Mo gay union.
Mo gay union.
All I can say is that.
Mo gay union.
Mo gay union.
God of every heart.
Ginger Rochester.
Some mouthful.
Of the Sorsage and War.
Hey, he's pants.
That pipe smoker ran on psychomsize cute woman.
Engage in a fake of the dead.
I'm a cranky homo bowl.
Not that I mind it, but I'm way too old.
I bet the size about being in bed.
And at rest with feet loose, my man friend.
I'll just make up with Ginger some day.
And then ask him to break my pun.
Now there ain't no more again.
Though I would not feel remorseful.
And I would not be ashamed.
About a ginger and more gay union.
Just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, baby, kill me, you're not my type.
Yeah, sound like a nine year old kid.
Only a macho-mending guy.
You don't notice?
That makes me bliss my wig.
If Ginger was a lover of mine.
I'd bury my bull this feigning old.
Inside his hip-bley rear end.
Right, them.
No, I would not be a sport-old.
Now!
If I was not a closet in the face.
That's why a ginger and more gay union.
Would make me feel giddy in the game.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, ginger and more gay union.
Would make my sorrows only as kill safe.
If we had a ginger and more gay union.
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
From 35 at 560 WQM, happy you wins the 2.
We got our big 1 to 2 comedy bits.
But top of the hour.
You really thought I was going to stop doing that?
That was going to drop that?
That's the only thing that's gotten me this far along the road of life.
It's coming up with that brainstorm.
It's a magnificent way to separate the hands of the weak.
Don't you think?
Yes, you do.
Robert Sheer writes in the LA Times The Sardaricals on our website, by the way.
In a democracy, liars can never be liberators.
And as usual, Robert Sheer is absolutely correct.
He says it takes stunning arrogance for a president to invade an oil rich politically strategic country on the basis of demonstrable lies,
puts his favorite companies in control of its economic future,
create a puppet regime to do his bidding, and then claim his George Boasted last week in a speech
that this is all a bold exercise in spreading democracy.
Iraqi democracy will succeed, and that success will send forth the news from Damascus to Tehran,
that freedom can be the future of every nation the president said.
The establishment of a free Iraq at the heart of the Middle East will be a watershed event in the global democratic revolution.
Bush even invoked the blessing of a divine power.
The author of freedom suggesting that he's not merely an over ambitious imperial president,
but rather a modern Moses armed with smart bombs and blackhall helicopters come to liberate and enslaved people.
Bush presents his vision as bold and new when it is nothing of a sort.
His predecessors in the White House similarly claim the mantle of democracy is justification for establishing American dominance in the Middle East over the last half a century.
They use lies and secrecy in the lives of young Americans to create nurture and protect dictatorships that serve narrow U.S. interest above the needs and rights of their own people.
His buddies at Bechtel Halliburton and the general companies have been ripping off the profits of Middestor for decades while seeking and gaining protection from the CIA
and whatever other parts of the U.S. military industrial complex were needed to prop up our guide that dictated her the moment.
Desperateism in the Middle East, flowered on our watch often succeeded by fundamentalist or nationalist regimes of great violence or both, such as the Shah of Iran, for example.
Every Middestor exists only because his power has proven tolerable to economic interest that former Halliburton Chief Executive Dick Cheneyne is defense industry friendly counterparts in the previous Republican Democratic administrations of the place of the top of the American agenda.
Democracy is the most wonderful notion ever conceived by Washington considers it a dangerous threat when the people in fledgling democracies vote against U.S. interests.
That's when the CIA steps in as it did in Iran in 1953 overthrowing Democratic secularist Muhammad Mosadek and launching Iran into decades of madness.
Or how about the cynical support of under President Carter and Reagan of the fundamentalist Mujahideen in Afghanistan which morphed into the Taliban in Al Qaeda?
The CIA gave these freedom fighters shoulder fired rockets perfect for terrorism and Ronald Reagan declared a day of national support for them in the U.S.
Unfortunately, as accord the quarter of the century has proven, we've neither the means nor the will to bring democracy to Afghanistan.
People make their own history and even though all the U.S. can help, it can't impose it.
Bush is not really interested in meaningful democracy in Iraq just as the U.S. wasn't in Afghanistan or earlier in Iran, in Iraq the U.S. will not tolerate any opposition to the U.S. occupation.
But that excludes democracy which will not cater to the whims of U.S. foreign policy.
Meanwhile, the chaos and bitterness of both war-wreck continues without a break, all the more tragic for its predictability.
In fact, we wouldn't be in circummised today if the President had listened to his own father.
Trying to eliminate Saddam extending the ground war into an occupation of Iraq would have incurred inculculable human and political cost,
co-wrote the senior George Bush in the 1998 book A World Transform.
Furthermore, we have been self-consciously trying to set a pattern for handling aggression in the post-Cold War world he continued,
going in and occupying Iraq thus unilaterally exceeding the UN mandate would have destroyed the President of International Response to Aggression that we hope to establish,
had we gone the invasion route the U.S. could conceivably still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land.
Unfortunately, because of George W. Bush, it is just that.
Democracy cannot exist without truth and genuine self-determination. A liar cannot be a liberator if the flowering of democracy is truly the end game.
Robert Sheer in the LA Times, he's the one of the best. 21-1-1-QAM.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
The U.S. is the best.
I give you good food.
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
Burger King?
She is rich.
Pepper?
Pepper.
Pepper!
Pepper!
with more and more these damn horseball coaches who all suck.
And let's hear it for the man who put the dud in Dudley. Dudley do right. Rick Dudley last night. Nice going, Rick baby.
And best of luck in Jersey you'll need it. In that coma style that they play with.
Why, I hate watching the devils. Man, oh, it could put it asleep.
That trap. No matter who the coach is, no matter what's going on there, it's that Lou Lemorello.
He must be pulling the strings behind the scene, you know what? He must tell them all.
To us, put him to sleep. That's got to be it. He's pulling it all right.
That trap is crap. He's yanking it. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Wireless line. Don't forget speaking of yanking it. Miguel will be at that place tomorrow. Whatever it is.
I'm sure he's going to give me a sheet on that or what?
When, a week from Sookas or tomorrow.
Tomorrow. Well, why not? Well, that's on our thing. I'm not going to wait for him. He's just, you know, he's overburdened.
I heard a whole lot about that. Today is overburdened for him and Doreen.
We have to have more people in our promotion department because these two apory young people have been just like overwhelmed with work, starting with a whole thing with a world series and from there on in.
They haven't had a moment to even like diddle each other. And that's why Miguel is smiling.
Miguel will be tomorrow, Thursday, November the 13, noon to two at the Marine Max Boats.
Marine Max Boats. 700 South-Headed will highway Pampino Beach, okay?
You don't have to go there and buy a boat. That would be nice. They'd appreciate it. But the QM van will be there and you can pick up our best and you'll merchandise as in...
See, now most of these animals this time don't work like that.
You know what I mean? If you hold your finger down the button, the other ones the mad dog ones did.
I'm trying to get to the one I like.
And that's not it.
Nice going, most of you. One of those, one of my more Howard David Keychains talking about himself again.
And you get our best in the LCD, 2002, 2003, which has all kinds of really great stuff on it. And we wish you could get that other stuff that you can't.
So any man will be there, what is it noon to two tomorrow? Here's a call from Pampino. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Jim in, this is going to kick your ass when it comes in there. If you don't put butch Davis on there.
Butch Davis?
Butch Davis.
Butch Davis, say it right, man. Okay.
Alrighty. Thanks, Pally. Have a good one.
And say hi butch Davis.
I'll get it right.
Okay, work on it, Sarah. Butch Davis. Oh man. Was he a bad coach? Not a U.M. he wasn't, was he?
Didn't they win like a championship under Butch Davis?
They sure did.
He's a bad coach in Cleveland because he got a horse ball, make believe team at the, you know, there are no more Cleveland Browns.
He's coaching a Phantom team that don't exist butch Davis.
I do enjoy the watch and Dennis Erickson take it up the old butt and butch Davis.
Watch Jimmy Johnson with those horrible, horrible years that he produced here after opening up a big mouth, you know.
You watch Dennis Erickson take it up the button next Monday in Pittsburgh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I know I have mentally blocked it out I know what the hell believe me I know my crap but the just he's always got that look like me you know like somebody just took a crap on his shoes or something like that
What might I think will go on we are sports radio 5.60 u.a.m.
It's a fun non-on!
I see this is what happens when I'm here when I'm in Toronto technically everything is stupendous okay maybe once in a blue moon I have some kind of operator error
But here I got this one on my shoulder doing this and that was on my shoulder doing that and sign this and stick this up your ass
It's the heavy metal concept of the year every metal media featuring the king of heavy metal
Very metal very metal
Very metal with special gas
Lincoln
Very metal and friends
Very metal
Very metal
Very metal
Very metal
Very metal
Sniper Muhammad
Changed with a felony
Changed lots of people in suburban DC
Sniper Muhammad
His trial set the start
He had people jumpy when they heard a fart
Monday morning went to get some ammo
Tuesday he goes shooting with his son
Wednesday they get busted by the phone
They found the gun
Sniper Muhammad
Part of a psychopath
And we won't be happy till he's in the chair
You know retirement just wasn't my style so I began working nights down here as a janitor in the sole office building
Just to keep busy I guess
Pays ballerule minimum wage
But hey there's the big cheese now
Big how you doing tonight?
Hey we're good to see you later again
How you doing?
You have it a pretty tough night
Yeah
Good night
Good night
You're gonna watch a game tonight?
Yeah I'm in the cross history free pizza at beer night over there
I'm pretty tough day if I just watch the game with the fellows over at the bar
Oh yeah well I'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio here
And tennis kind of shaking
I'm thinking of a big screen color TV over there it's best picture everything
Yeah big screen color, great picture
I heard it is
I'm glad you're like to be there
When you know I got all my work down in
Oh really you're all done?
Yeah you're supposed maybe I could
Well let's say what?
Maybe I could
I got my BMW in the garage
I got a blop-woop Nick radio and then I can pick up the
You can drive me
Anything? No no
I'll give my car keys
Why don't you clean out my car?
I got a wicked stand in the back seat
Yeah I've got some of that I'm not trying to clean it up with us
I'll be back in about two hours and maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza
Okay Dad?
Well Dad listen thanks a lot of here my keys
And be careful not to scratch the car
And I'll be back in about two hours
Two hours
Yeah I got one
You're not gonna bring
Why you uncrakeful?
You after said you were a worthless
Suck it sooner
Hell you can't be my son
Nobody's that uncrakeful
You breath
How take your
And stain BMW and run that mother
Drive into the damn living life
You were nothing but someone's attention
Suck a good stop
Ring of World Pages
Pig face
This message brought you by the National Curse Foundation
And remember our motto
Go f*** yourself
All the white folks hate the black folks
And the black folks hate the white folks
To hate all but the right folks
Is an old established rule but during
National Brotherhood week
National Brotherhood week
Lean a horn and sheriff Clark
Are dancing cheap to tickets
Fun to utilize the people you despise
As long as you don't let them in your school
Older poor folks hate the rich folks
And the rich folks hate the poor folks
All of my folks say all of your folks
It's American as Apple Pie but during
National Brotherhood week
National Brotherhood week
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans
Cause it's Betty Sheikh
Step up and shake the hand of
Someone you can't stand
You can tolerate him if you try
Older Protestants hate the Catholics
And the Catholics hate the Protestants
And the Hindus hate the Muslims
And everybody hates the Jews but do
National Brotherhood week
National Brotherhood week
New Yorkers, national everyone smile at
One and other Hood week
Nice to people who are inferior to you
It's only four a week so have no fear
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year
I'm going for my picking up dudes
Merit Bad
I want to be the leader of the Beaver Patrol
I want to hike and camp and shower with all the other little boys
You know something broke?
The Boy Scouts never used to be about six
But now all that's trained
Ha, I'm Emerald Sanders
Spokesman for America's number one
juvenile paramilitary group
If you're a little bugger whose hormones are just getting out of hand
For boys or girls, then I want you to join me
in a scouting experience
We've changed
A scout is trustworthy, boy oh, morning
And we want you alone
In a tent wearing khaki
So just remember our motto
Be prepared to run like cow with skinheads show up
and get your cute little keyster down here today
Oh, progeny
progeny
Now the post depends on you
and the powers you possess
Since you saved his life
with your flight's his or her life
He's got a job for your tent too
Progeny
Progeny
Progeny
You have a brand new style too
We love the way you want your doom
With the big B on your chest
and gold boots you tight dress
They'll let you know tomorrow great
day
Progeny
Progeny
Who's with the speed of a bugger sound
Take the bad guy straight to hell
When a filmings starts to grow
With your little extendies on
Your crushing grind with a mighty ball
Where's the hurry?
Jackie Weedlefire
Holly Peek-Aunt
As Ralph and Alice Kedlefire
And Ed Norton
As Moishi Boydwell Steve
In the Carcabooner
Well, I'm gonna be late for work
I ain't going to work
That's what I said
I ain't going to work
They're blowing up buses left and right
You know what it's like driving up and down the Gaza?
Not knowing if you're gonna blow up
You want me to get blown up Alice?
You want me to get blown up?
The only thing blown up on you is your puppy
How'd you like to dance the horror on the moon?
I can dance the horror in your pet
I know why you're the merry-wet-o
You don't love me
You never loved me
You fell in love with my Yamaka
Oh, shut up
Hey, what'd you say to her, people?
Oh, hi, I'm fine
What's the matter, Paul?
Why so gloom?
Ah, she's just upset
Because I don't want to drive the bus no more
Well, I can't say I'm going, Alice
I mean, my opponent yesterday
That doesn't mean it's going to happen around
Don't you understand?
I can't do it anymore
I'm a skate!
I'm a skate!
We can always join us tenacence of the people
Ah, maybe a right bell
But why do I know about taking foxholes?
Just very asserbic!
Don't start, Diggin!
Oh, you're a mahi, Alice!
I'll regular mahi!
Come on, moishi, let's go
Yeah, how are I, Paul?
Wait a minute, Ralph!
Here, your mind is well taken to lunchbox
Okay?
I'm going to mitties!
Eesh, what a grouch!
You ain't kidding, pal!
What do you say we take a look at a new lunchbox?
I tell ya, moishi!
When did he dance?
When did he dance?
BANG!
ZOO!
ZOO!
And when someone goes baseline
He starts screaming things so lazily
It's preaching like a fancy Tiki-V
Tiki-V, Tiki-V, Tiki-V, Tiki-V
He should shut his pie hole Tiki-V
When he is on camera
The glare from his head is blinding me
Where did this guy come from?
Tiki-V
Everything is awesome
And everyone's his VTP
Wish he'd keep his traction Tiki-V
Tiki-V
Tiki-V
Tiki-V
Eh Tiki-V
Giving me a headache
Tiki-V
Tiki-V
Tiki-V
Tiki-V
This is annoying Tiki-V
11 after 1 at 560 WQMits are a big thank god wanted to win ZDR. I mean we need it bad
What pro or comments coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time and as usual when you take a survey
We had a whole bunch of people out there who don't get it. They don't understand it. Did they get it? No, they ever get it
No, they should get it. I still don't care about sports smoke 120 for so that they've watched at 88
That thing just popped in there by the way nice call rich coat type 47
Terry Marie 29
Jerry Faust of 23 I think we I think we spelled it wrong
David Chula 19 very switcher 16 Wayne 515 Lou Holt's 15 Pray Clark 13 Rick Campo 11 and Renee Latsman
It's got to everybody else single digits small potatoes if you've got like less than small potatoes on your head
If you have no hair like in the middle or like maybe if you have a gigantic ball spot called the top of your head
Charles Alfie Erie is the best in the world you can go messing around with those silly hair pieces
In fact, you can wind up looking like what's his name the Dudley Meister?
Yeah, with Dan Ruff in your wig or you can look great from a Charles Alfie Erie with his natural hair line system
He's been business for over 25 long excruciating years working out guys get their hair back and no matter how much money
You spend whether you're a billionaire or just some kind of a schlepper like the rest of everybody else
You can't get a better looking head of hair and the secret is it looks like the real thing like it's grown out of your scalp as opposed to
That must grab that in my push look you wear it for 30 days you get Charlie's famous guarantee
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more action
Then you can handle Charlie give you a full refund
So you have nothing to lose but that grotesque shiny ball spot and be sure mention the oranges when you call because it means for you
An extra 200 bucks off the already low price call today and get your hair back from Chuck Alfie Erie the one known a call tool free
1 800 3 to 1 24 13
That's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or get more info on his website at Charles Alfie Erie dot com
My
We're sports video 560 she went to a
Junior honey, I'm so popular like nothing you've seen before
Excuse me. It seems father. What is it my child? I have something. I must tell you what is it my daughter
Oh father. I am afraid to tell you afraid to tell me your own father
I fear I will be came upon our family nonsense. I am your father. I love you very much
You must tell me what is wrong you promise you will still love me of course my sweet child
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed very well. I am I am pregnant
Oh, I see
You still love me father of course I do but since you're pregnant and not married yes father
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors
My daughter if he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done
Could you check again
Only be grounded
I speak with you my esteemed husband
Something to tell you
You collect some stones
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Well, what do you know you are one lucky boy?
Why is that father you are going to get stoned two nights in a row
The guiding she the guiding she either shot on location and bagged that
This is Kimberly Psema K ABC news with a one-on-one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm sorry excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for? I'm not following you for everything
Kimberly Plama K ABC news I'm sorry to the people of California for what those bad movies you make no
Although if you don't like them. I'm sorry Kimberly Plama K ABC news. I'm sorry for this
Oh, you just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration. Kimberly Plama. I'm sorry
Well, don't you your demonstrations on me mr. Schwarzenegger
I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny go ahead with your question
Well, you're very touchy feeling I apologize
Excuse me, but did you just touch my
That was a demonstration Kimberly Plama K ABC news. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California and I believe you should I'm sorry
I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them
Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your anida?
My what your anida may I see it? I don't think I have an anida
I haven't anida. That's right here
That's your anida. I can't believe you just put your hand. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Are you pilots? Oh?
Do it again. Yeah good for you Kimberly Plama. You want me now, don't you? You're a per
Let us have your anida. Oh
I'm sorry
I'm sorry. You apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor
Here I pull my lever. What for me? Ew. Why is it purple? I eat great. I'm a grape either
Pull me lever
Don't you
Oh, can it last these pasts that come to me?
Oh, can it last these pasts that come to me?
Oh, can it last these pasts that come to me?
Oh, can it last these pasts that come to me?
On the seventh of October, they will go to the post
And if they understand English, they'll punch a card full of holes
But they're left in a voting, some sleep is bad
They have more than enough candidates, they don't even have one name chat
We'll come to the recap, California
Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy place
Such a crazy place, and what will go wrong in the recall, California?
Will the winner be clear, will the winner be clear by this time next year?
Oh, welcome to the recap, California
So get on the slate, so get on the slate
No one can keep from straining, no one can keep from straining
When it does with the recap, California
No matter who they choose, and who they choose
The golden state will lose
And welcome to the recap, California
That's who I'm with you, Lucky
I'm with you, Lucky
I'm with you, Lucky
I'm with you, Lucky
I'm with you, Lucky
I'm with you, Lucky
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than landmarks on high zingas, ugly face
And they're the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number, oh what the hell, 32
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Now they're through
126 and 560 WQM
We got the mad dog
Oh right
Coming up at 2 of the Humphor and 4 and then after that, well
Let me tell you right now about your carpets
If they look pretty nasty, if you haven't, I'm cleaning them a long time
You can open up the yellow pages, you can find a whole bunch of carpets cleaning names
Many of them, by the way, you'll get a, this number has been disconnected
Because throughout a business they come and go like crazy
Drug concepts have been here for like almost 25 years in town
They've been cleaning my carpets over 20 years in my house
And there's a good reason because they're the best in the world
Nobody comes close to the job they do for you
So before the holidays come around, before all those pin in the end
Some people start coming down, get your carpets looking just like brand new smell and lemony fresh
And believe you me, they're drying a couple of hours when they finish the job
And you won't even believe that it's the same old carpeting
It looks like you just had brand new laid on the floor
Drug concept technicians know their crap
And they also do the same stupidest job on your oriental rugs, on your area rugs, your drapery, all of these things
So bring your carpets back to life just in time for holidays by calling the good folks the experts
And drive concepts at 1-800-248-5071
Don't forget each and every time they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job
1-800-248-5071
Call today and see how I can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning too
Drug concepts don't forget clean today you can entertain tonight and check them out on that wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com
My, and lost, this is for 305 City
It's the all new CNN crossfire
Sitting in front of the Gallup, Ozzy Osborne
And sitting in front of Simon Barcinus, they're no back on the right, and Newton
I, I, I, I
Here's his intro Tom Ridge had to step down the Cossy would never pass a Senate confirmation regarding his close ties to Anron
What kind of mouthwash does the president use to wash sawty stand off his tongue?
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Pagography Profile Story
We take it good hard stiff looking to start
For Latin Rema here in America they had nothing more than a minor impact with their songs cool summer and Venus
But in Britain they had 23 top 40 singles and ran into the most successful all-girl group in history
Which leads to a very important question
What the hell is up with Britain?
Look, I really rather not talk about it
After a summer reporter broke a two decade silence about the dirty facts England was hoping to keep buried
British ambassador to the UN, Nigel Coenchewer the made this statement
These are the banana rama, where is shame?
Where embarrassed? Can you not just leave us in peace?
Inside the behind took to the streets of England to find out how this smarty pants pole with so much better than new country could be so filled with cleanless losers who have no taste in music
Excuse me, can you talk to us about how you people thought so highly of banana ramma?
Yeah, fuck off out of it nice
No darling, I want to talk to them
Okay, tell everyone we're not all this way
I'm quite fond of the bangles really
But when our camera crew went to a London pub, things got ugly
Excuse me gentlemen, care to apologize for banana ramma
Sure mate, soon as you apologize for Christopher Cross
Oh, you mean sorry, thanks for your life
Okay, then hang on guys, hang on
Well, you have to admit Christopher Cross has left us with a lot to answer for
Oh God, it's a big juicy, stopping let-look at show business tonight on inside the behind
Ugh
Hey man, what do you mean there's no S&Fone?
Vanu pick me a letter, no one does it any better, I dream about you
Hey, Vanu, is that an all over town or what?
Vanu, I don't understand why you make a hundred grandmothers for me to say
Anyway, get me a ticket for an airplane
Gonna be young that we love fortune game
I just got to win, spin the wheel again
Oh, Vanu pick me a letter, go Vanu, go get it, go, I'm high
Hey, get out of my face pack, get out of the way
Hey, there, now is that word, is it a low rider?
I'm riding a rider
Forget the letter man, I'll take Vanu, why are you beautiful baby?
You're a meek of little homie
Got me a ticket for an airplane
All right, I'm on the wheel of fortune game
I just love that sound, I'm in the bonus round
Hey, Vanu pick me a letter, lose a turn, hey, crack lose day
Vanu pick me a letter, no one does it any better, I dream about you
All right, that is an all over town
Vanu, I don't mean to stare, but are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say, anyway
I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look at that sage, act again
Won't throw in the towel till I buy a bowels
Oh, Vanu pick me a letter, lose a turn, pick me a letter
All right, I'm ready to pick baby, ABCD, EMG, H&J, take it
I'm a future RTVWX, YG
That's your club, right man?
All right, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator
Hey man, fuck what do you mean 500 dollars for a black and white five in portable TV set?
You got ripped off man, my brother will not forget it for your own sales
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set man, all right?
Hey man, let's come on baby
Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here
I sir, hello
It's Mickey Mouse
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing sir?
You're freaking killing me
No, I'm not
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice
I didn't tell you what you must have misunderstood me
No sir, you said move the practice to Monday
Hey, hey, listen but wipe, I'm the boss
I make the decisions, you take the heat
Right
You move the practice
Okay, how are we going with it anyway?
I am mad
Hold on, I'm being...
Remaz
Yeah, well, shut the hell up
I'm on the phone, Remaz
Hi there
Yes sir, what was your question?
I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind
Hold on, Remaz
Get here you both, stop it, Remaz
I'm going to fall, fall, fall
Stop falling on the floor, Remaz
Remaz, let's listen to my hand, Remaz
That's your penis, boss, my other hand, Remaz
That's the phone, boss
Right, I can't hear anything, Remaz
Stop slowing the floor
Sorry
I said sir, sir, the moves are working out very well
The practice is fourth and it's time slot and more than that
You think it's time slot?
Who are you still even beating the WB?
Barely
Oh my God
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success
A quatch, hold on a second
Remaz
That's the bull
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remaz, I'll jam that thing down your throat
And give that bull bird away from me
Oh, come on, Blumenter
I'm allergic
I start
Sir, over 25 million people, sir
Stop up, Eisner
Listen
Yeah
You see me, what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone
I know I'm on the phone, do you see what I'm doing?
You hear imagination for crying out loud
I'm moving my hands up and down, slide aside
I'm the puppet master
I swear, you do it
Now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of Michael Jackson interview
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh at me
Puppet master, me
Idiot
Oh
REMAGE!
Yes, yes, yes, yes, what the hell are you doing now?
Listen to blow, Bob
It's nothing wrong with the blow, Remaz, what's this in my ear?
That's your penis, Bob
My other ear, Remaz
That's the phone, Bob
That's the phone, Remaz, get out
Come over to work
Get out
Eisner
Yes, sir
Killin' me
Killin' me
I'm sorry, sir
Killin' me
I'm sorry
Killin' me, stop right
21-2 is so CNN's having a nervous breakdown
US Operation underway at Baghdad
Building and then again on Monday
And they're like blowing up some building that they are
Luna takes up an use in two, no
Thousand pound bonds were dropped
Let's have a few more than 500 pound bombs, what do you say?
All right
It's called Emancipation by Decapitation
That's the only way to go
20-2 at 560 WQM, big news
Halal Potty at GMC has just been voted number one potty at GMC here in Dave County
And customer satisfaction, number one, can't give us better than that, just ask me
Tom Leman and Joe Prieta want to thank their lower customers for their support
For these 35 long astonishing breathtaking years, do you believe it?
Stop by hell and check out the Bia Paniag vibe normally retelling for over 20 grand
Buy it fully loaded for just 16-5 plus tax and tag
It's kind of like Brian Greacy, it's fully loaded
Halal Potty at GMC has over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and Yukon
Excel, is that what it's supposed to be?
Excel
Excel
Seattle because Bob Eisenberg won't change the copy and he won't pay any attention
And he won't give us any money for a bad-and-pay rescue so you better not come anywhere
into the studio, him and Todd Dreck
And coming soon at Halal Potty at the new OnBoys SUV, the most unique SUV on the market anywhere
is great, Neil Deals waiting for it today
Tomorrow next, Easter every day at Halal Potty at GMC
134-01, South Dixie Highway, that's US-1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week
If you want more information, you know what to do by now, I hope, called the Neil Rogers
Neil Deals Hotline Tool 3, 1-888-534-40-11
That's 1-888-534-40-11, keep in mind all offers something to credit
A pool will see the good folks at Halal Potty details, that's our good-close personal
Paisons at Halal Potty at GMC who will be on the Shed over Duke, our professional grades
We're gonna bomb, gonna bomb around the clock tonight
Alright
Here's a meal, gone bomb, so have a blast
We're gonna show that all up, you're ass, we're gonna bomb around the clock tonight
We're gonna bomb bomb bomb bomb after life, we're gonna bomb, gonna bomb around the clock tonight
We can fish out the boys, we're gonna be free, and all
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock
He said in the middle just shaking his fists at some boys who were down by the prick
They're feeding the water, their hands on their marbles, and play things and at half past four
There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature, she sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress, and she showed them her ruffles and laces, and white fluffy duck
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you sin later from yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dot
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her for a lightly she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter, scotch
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself
This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, talk show host, Hemroyd suffer
Folks with over 300 pounds I know the agony of this kind of dilemma
Ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you theirs help
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories
Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagotiss you
Just look for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube
Another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network
My religion's better than your religion, my religion's better than yours
My beliefs are what's required to avoid a lack of fire
My religion's better than yours
It's My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
While my religion annotates century and racial hate
My religion is better than yours
My religion's better than your religion
My religion is better than yours
When we like about the best type of voyage we wear address
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
I should have known.
We have no respect for living.
I have a cap to make a living.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
To Pahapara school, we slaughter pigs and dogs and goats.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We will clean his handicap.
First we will and our parents will usecence for living.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We knocked on dors' of without brush difficulties
You are the most mighty lichens better than your eyes.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than your horrors.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains where mind was something upgrade.
My religion's better than yours.
A white-fliped town with a banana.
Love a rotten deal.
Found that your devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard, but he's got a peel.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
A white-fliped town with a banana.
My baby slipped by the way.
A white-fliped town with a banana.
I'm a jealous man.
She found a six-inch Latin lover.
Now she does the thing over her right hand.
Right now I could just die.
He's eaten my banana cream pie.
A white-fliped town with a banana.
My baby slipped by the way.
151.
Look at that.
We're dropping a few bomba ronde.
Or maybe it's a pecania on the bag.
We're knocking out a few buildings.
That's all.
There's some of the buildings involved in the attacks by the bad guys.
The evil doers and so we're like, when and doubt we're taking them out.
Hope there's no collateral damage if you catch my drift.
You know what I mean?
Pinn and the S bystanders.
Anyway, and I'd pull.
Which a pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time.
I'll give you the double digit ones.
Okay.
Renee Latchman.
Ten.
Magic Johnson and Dave Kampel.
I'll have it a piece.
Lou Holt's 15.
Perry Clark's 16.
Wayne Font's 16.
David Schuulah's 21.
Barry Switzer's 21.
Jerry Faus's 24.
Terry Murray's got about 30.
Rich Co. Type 52.
Dave Wonstat is the winner man.
99.
And I still don't care about sports.
Schmuck.
100 into 33.
25%.
A quarter of this audience is trying to send a message.
Like Joey Zaza, you know.
You don't give a crap.
Here's something I give a crap about Pompadot Park.
That's right.
There are 40th anniversary seasons going on right now.
And by the way, Dick Feinberg.
What about Eric Adele?
How I see what a night he had.
Nice going Eric Baby.
Good Michigan boy.
Man, oh man.
Dick, you better get with it.
Anyway, Pompadot Park with the live harness racing tonight and four nights a week now.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
First post time.
A new post time is 7.05 pm.
And don't forget.
The poker room is no open.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
It's a new day.
Every Wednesday at the track is done on night, a dollar draft beers, hot dogs, sodas and much more.
Pompadot Park, don't forget live racing.
And the dining room is also open on the sixth floor top of the park.
Live racing, four nights a week at 7.05.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Pompadot Park is located to block south of Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line Road.
954, it's 972, 2000.
It's the number to call for the new race schedule or check it out online at Pompadot Park dot com.
Five and a local.
This is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
You weigh them.
Young God.
In excess of time, without you, the hits are numb.
The scoring beats are different from fun.
I'm not sure if I'm right or wrong.
I didn't know it was fun.
Living no more.
On your cell phone or hotel door.
Got a window that's her door.
Out of the long floor.
Play with yourself.
Why did you go and tell your friend about my goals?
The answer to the tone.
There's one thing we know for sure.
You're the one who told me to go away.
It looks your taste is of no more.
You should have got a more.
Play with yourself.
Why did you go and tell your friend about my goals?
You hung your hotel.
You don't need to sleep.
You don't have to sleep.
Oh, Canada.
You think that you're in luck.
You're so are all star game.
Cause your own sports really suck.
You've got dog sled runs.
You should lose with guns.
What a way to entertain.
And you fish for ice.
You think hockey's nice.
Cause it's played without a brain.
Who can a da?
Oh, nausea.
Give me my old star game I want.
It's back now.
Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blue child.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm not fighting the U.A.
I'm fighting for my A.O.
Screw the listeners, screw the advertisers.
That's our model.
All right.
