We must go to the Quattro.
This week on ABC, the Bachelor with Bill Clinton.
We actually did it.
It's more than 100,000 positions, and we're not brewed.
I've done it since I was a boy, and I'm gonna keep brought on doing it until I can't do it anymore.
Bill Clinton as the Bachelor.
She wanted to bend over backwards.
Yes, yes, yes, do it, do it, do it.
Brackdom.
901 at 560 WQM, happy-wunded to him.
Can't you feel there's something in the ear?
I feel something.
I think it's the Tsar's.
Sorry.
Now there's something in the ear, man.
There's something really good on the horizon.
We don't know what it is yet, but you can't almost smell it.
Maybe that's most peace on the way up the door.
Hey Mo, watch that damn thing.
Will you?
Everybody started to talk about it.
Even Mufflin came in this morning, said, man, did you smell that damn thing?
You hear him?
He said he's been...
He just...
Keep that peace at home, okay Mo?
Keep the peace at home.
We got some bad news though to start this week.
Very, very bad news.
What, I'm back?
Oh, I forgot about that.
We got two pieces of bad news.
George is back.
We had a great week with Ochoa.
I mean, last week.
Yeah.
We did ripped you an ass, right?
And especially, beener boy.
He was ripped you, stabbed you in the back, and then of course, Miguel went off there
and took your 300 bucks from Treasure Island.
That seems to be the big story, the big countertumps this morning is at Miguel.
He was playing fast and loose with George's appearance while George was up there
in North Carolina.
I think he knew that I was going up there.
You were like sacrificing 300 bucks, which is schlepper little beener like you can't afford to be doing.
No, I cannot.
And he knew I was going to be gone.
And he was going to be out.
That's why he moved through his hands a little.
That's the smart way you do it.
You know that the enemy is going to be gone and you're moved right in.
Kind of like in Baghdad.
But we don't want to get to that yet, because I'm in too bit of a mood.
Anyway, bad news though, hip-the-a-music.
She's dead.
A little Eva's dead.
Hey, what's this? Talk up.
She's died.
Don't step on it.
Everybody's doing my friends dead now.
A good friend Dick Feinberg at Pompadot Park says on Saturday night.
You better start the show.
Please start the show on Monday with little Eva.
And look at most of them.
I said why?
Why Dick?
And he said,
He died.
And that's what he said.
By the way, Brian Sirus, thank you so much, even though you're not in town anymore.
Boy, did he do a great job at Pompadot Park or what?
I put him all to shame.
Nice going, Brian.
He drove circles around him.
Another big night Saturday.
And Rich had the four over the two, seven, eight, and the seven to broke and ran into the three.
And anyway, you don't want to hear those things.
Rich is still eaten, by the way.
Oh, I almost forgot about that.
My good friend Derek, who's been lecturing me that I have to take care of Fat Rich and overseeing.
Keep him alive.
This is, this is, I almost forgot this all together.
A grotesque story.
Or did a big piece of apple pie with whipped cream and gave about a third of it to Fat Rich after he had shoveled the rolls and a steak and enough food to feed the Chinese army.
Well, he said his blood sugar was a little bit low.
You want to pick a date on the calendar for the Fat Man?
Anyway, singer Little Eva, who has a teenager record of the hit 1960s dance on the locomotion.
The locomotion.
Sorry, sorry.
Well, I tell you, we had such a good time without you last year.
Yeah, that's great.
Has died after a long battle with cervical cancer her manager said on Friday, she was 59, just a veritable child.
Now, while you punks out there who don't know who Little Eva was, while shame on you, in fact, that inspired me.
Either tomorrow or sometime this week, we're going to do another one of our famous musicals that the audience hates like poison.
But it sure gets a lot of response on the phone.
You know that?
The hell yeah.
Huh?
Yeah, does that really does?
They'll be calling in from O'Choppy and two egg and all over the state, making all kinds of suggestions.
The best marginal, how do we say it?
The best obscure was good when you were saying that.
The best obscure recording artist of all time.
In other words, your favorite of all time who wasn't like a real big star.
You mentioned him, nobody knows who you're going to talk about.
Somebody of obscure like Elvis.
Even our sissusboy.on Thursday at Lenore Memorial Hospital in Kingston, North Carolina, manager Brenda Cavesin.
I was Kingston anywhere near where you were staying?
Lenore too far if it's near that.
Well, I'll be damned.
She had cancer, she fought it for a long time, Cavesin.
Boyd was working as a babysitter for songwriter's Carol King and Jerry Goughlin when they asked her to record a song they'd written called The Locomotion in 1962.
I was living in Boston, Mass, I'm coming to El Salvador.
I remember Bruce Bradley playing Locomotion on WBZ back in the days when Radio was really great and Teep channeled and owned every goddamn station on the dial.
Back when we had personalities, remember those days?
No.
Probably not.
Unless you're old like me.
We used to have every radio station had big, big personalities, you know?
Yeah.
Not anymore.
Now you've got the same half dozen stupid ass-indicated talking heads, the same poppies which we'll get to the weekend pull in a moment.
Boyd was working as a babysitter and she recorded the song.
The song was hit for a little even that year and again for Grand Funk Railroad in 1974.
Boyd had other minor hits including Keep Your Hands Off My Baby in 1962 and Old Smokey Locomotion in 1962.
I never heard that. Old Smokey Locomotion?
No.
She sang background for the Drifter's, Benny, King and others and the sad part of it is that they left out.
She was the lead singer for a group called The Cookies who had a big, big hit called Don't Say Nothing Bad About My Baby.
Let's hear that.
Oh, we don't have it?
No.
I bet you do have it there somewhere.
Well, forget about it.
Do you remember that song?
No.
Don't say nothing.
But I want to hear it.
Kev said Boyd continued to work till October 2001 when she became two weeks from her illness to perform.
She survived by two daughters of son, 15 grandchildren and nine great grandchildren.
I'll be damned for Leleva's dead and we're pretty pissed off about it on this show.
In fact, I think probably magic is going to play all little evil all week in honor of that.
I mean, it could get a little repetitious but probably not more so than their usual programming.
So guess who I ran into with the airport yesterday.
I was leaving and he was coming back in.
I'll give you 400 guesses.
Well, I know who.
Well, I told you before the show.
Amanda.
All right.
And we had little chat.
He little reddened the face from a few too many green lizards up there in Augusta.
He said it was it was pouring outside and they were busy pouring inside all week is what he was saying.
And the weather was horrible.
You ought to see what's on the front page of the national poster.
This one you'd be embarrassed.
You'll make you feel better though just to prove it's not just America.
Where's the headline?
Here it is.
A huge huge picture.
We're a makes golf history.
Ah, that feels good.
Here's a big picture because it's Canada's first man to take a major golf tournament.
Mike Weir.
And here's Tiger was putting the green jacket at the Masters on Mike Weir.
That that's the front page story on the right wing national post.
Great.
Is that pathetic?
Yesterday I get a call here from Rimmer.
You're a good post best personal friend.
Uh huh.
He says oh and wears on the 17th and there's he's giving me a play by play on golf boy that phone hit the cradle so fast.
So what are you doing?
What is wrong with you man?
Golf.
He came here to get away from people like you and then the front page of the national post it as much got a golf picture on the front page.
Oh, but it's a Canadian a who gives a crap it's golf.
God if there's one thing I'm going to go out of crusade to eliminate golf.
I'm going to make it illegal.
If they can make smoking and everything else illegal which we got a great smoking story by the way you see that story.
No.
I fact it to you but of course you're not paying any attention.
Bouncer fake bouncer fatally stabbed in Brawl of a New York City smoking van in a man head and my club will get to that and lots of other good stuff.
First the poll from over the weekend which we had a spectacular response.
In fact my ego is growing by the second because we had 1933 votes.
That could be a record at least in the post alien era.
Don't you think?
At least.
Once the last time we had 2000 votes on a poll on this show I remember a weekend once having 2000 votes.
That is spectacular 1933.
Well I downloaded it had 1917.
Who do you think has the biggest ego we asked and winning and I'll tell you more you're slipping baby.
If that piece on your head slips as much as your effect on a poll as you're going to be in big big ass trouble and speaking of big ass.
This large ass limbo wins the biggest ego 379 votes.
Mohauer David a very respectable second gave a run for his money 349.
I guess they don't know Moe like we know.
No Moe.
George W 172 and then yours truly Neil Rogers 121 which I find most amusing but I guess you know a lot of people want to take a shot now because I'm unpatriotic.
I'm a left wing comedy liberal a pinko bastard fat whatever you know that's okay.
That's why we put it on there 121 which is amusing to me since I have no ego haven't worked on your 27 and a half years in Miami.
Howard Stern 108 Donald Rumsfeld 107 here I'm giving Rumsfeld Jr. 107 the Humper 73 by the way who did not stop into talk hockey with me at all.
I think I feel wounded.
You missed your big opportunity Humper.
What did I tell you about the Bruins no chance they're going to go for now.
How about those oilers huh?
How about the mighty duck?
I'm going to try and marry mighty duck.
I'll try some hockey George.
I'll hold the referral 67 Bill O'Reilly 61 Steve Mr. Ego Cain 52 he wouldn't done a lot better but all his audience voted all twice 52 votes.
George had 45 including the vote from his daughter.
Well that's embarrassing.
She knows.
Yeah big ego or pop a sass.
Nice going Sabrina.
Donald Trump 44 Jennifer Lopez 39.
Boy her ego was as big as her.
Raccoon.
Yeah she'd really done good.
Rick Snatches an Oprah time with 38 see a lot in common air.
Talking about big ass Larry King 31 Alex Penga Pakenka 26 OJ 25 Rick Riley 24 cast her over 23.
Let me say it again cast her over 23 and I wonder why I said it again.
What?
Because he likes repeating everything twice.
Whatever we do.
Mike Wayne Hypinga and Martha Stewart tied 21 they both have a lovely do Jim Roman Madonna tied with 17 Phil Henry only had 11.
Are you sure Richard Pearl for an emerald a Gassy for I guess these people have never seen Richard Pearl huh?
The way he talks down his nose at everybody that arrogance sneering.
Oh man they don't even know who that is.
They would know Richard Pearl from Pearl Bailey a bet.
How is it possible there's so many stupid people out there.
Why really stop and think about that devolution.
Why do I examine that all and I'm talking about in America how come it's so so many stupid stupid stupid people we made it too easy.
Father's the crap I mean I don't know too much but I feel like a genius when I'm in America maybe that's why.
Come here and I feel like really I'm serious.
It's 11 past nine we got a big big fat line up today.
We're going to take a whole bunch of calls on issue and then the mad dog is back from Detroit and Augusta with a big fat red nose.
He looked like sandy claws.
Really I mean he was right in the post and he admitted he'd had a few thousand green lizards and yellow ones and purple ones and red ones.
Those were the pills.
Jim Mandage 1 to 3 to Hump or my good close friend who did not stop by the semi last week and I feel really wounded.
A Hump or B of Chulza 3 Marlins on deck at 6 30 to Marlins at the Philly 710 tonight any interest.
Oh pretty good crowds over the weekend for the brave series were you there Carlos?
Oh that's right you had to pay I bet you're at Miguel was there with some free tickets any K following Marlins baseball Joe and Mark overnight there's the agenda we set the table the weather here is unbelievable it's going to be 70 today.
Oh 79 tomorrow and then 45 on Wednesday while we're just getting a little taste you know.
Yeah sometimes that's the way you you know you work your way in with you get a little taste first and then you die I've had long in.
Huh? That's not a bad idea you just a little taste to give you little teas in the beginning and then when you're good and ready you die right on in.
Like sticking your toe in the swimming pool you know see if the water's warm.
It turns out to be real nice and toasty and then you know sit around for one and you jump right in anyway speaking of jumping right in I had a call at home from fat boy on Friday who wants that food from balance for life.
Here's the answer for you in a short no that's it.
No we're not giving you the beast food and stop try to dance on the beast great fat boy we already tried that game with fat boy did it work now.
And I'll tell you right now I did balance for life for several days while I was down there and guess what 192.6 this morning not bad on my digital it doesn't lie scale.
Huh? All right not too bad considering not very long ago I was 202 and I was 192.6 on you dial.
You can lose weight the delicious the easy way with balance for life and take it for me the food is better than ever it is delicious the rubin wraps and the chicken salad wraps and the omelettes and all the good stuff on the beef dishes and all kinds of great stuff.
No cooking no shopping no cleaning by the way to doctor Bob I hang on over the weekend you know he's in a coma.
I know I heard he was in a coma. I don't know how he's doing better check that out that has nothing to do with this no cleaning no calorie counting no carb counting speaking of Dr. Bob just delicious food and real quick results on that scale.
When you try balance for life they bring your all the food you need for the entire day a little black sack that they drop right at your door at work at home at the massage parlor every got to be by six in the morning and inside your sack are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and little bottle water and of course all the food is prepared fresh and delicious the finest ingredients known demand nothing frozen nothing pre-fat no chemicals and there's plenty food to keep you satisfied all through the day unless you the fat boy.
So pick up that phone call me only choices you can have to make or between two for each day that you're on a program each movie have two choices for every meal and you pick out whichever one you want so simple as that let balance for life help you lose the weight and get your health back not just will you look better you'll be healthier to call balance for life today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine even though we were from the next to be since the last sixty pounds and balance for life and still going to lose a lot more or else nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out of the way we feel like a balance for life dot com.
My life and look all this is for sure you'll buy six.
You weigh a few.
Nothing you put it brains will only a nice time leaks.
Stuck all day in front of my TV.
And I get mad at most of the folks I see.
I think they're rather.
And Peter Jennings man what a.
If you want to vote you should watch last.
Oh.
He works all day on MSNBC.
While Peter I'm that drives him up the tree.
She's a major tool and see it and Zaryn Brown is a fool.
He won my book.
You should watch last.
Well he's so smooth.
He puts me in a trace.
He makes me feel funny in my pants.
Don't give me wrong.
I'm not gay but I'll tell you.
Let him find what that way to be paradise.
Just me a lester holds.
Champagne on ice and double like the dead boat.
919 at 5.
Well that's your answer brought.
I love that 919 at 3QM.
Here's our first call of a great new week from Miami.
Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes sir.
George get back on that inner tube.
Get the hell out of town.
Bring that being a boy.
Okay there's a vote for being a boy.
They hate you George.
I don't know what it is.
Oh you didn't do all that good on the ego pull.
What's the pull we did last week Carlos where George didn't win but he came and did he win out?
What was that pull?
It was some kind of a negative hateful hostel.
What was that?
Oh that's right.
No he did win.
What sends you to the dial to change the station of fastest.
All right.
Golf talk.
Hockey talk.
George's voice.
I mean we had a lot of good choices on him.
I think you want hands down your pants.
All right.
The side of George's voice sends them diving into the dial.
I'll shut up then.
No don't shut up.
Just I'll let you know what to shut up.
All right.
Shut up.
5, 6, 7, or C.
Eric's not wasting any time.
I'll tell you Carlos has got him on the ball man.
The heavy duty competition now that the beater boys doing such a great job with our website.
He didn't waste any time getting up this new pool this morning.
It's on over 11 votes already.
Can you believe that?
We haven't even announced it yet.
It's already got 11 votes.
I voted.
Which of these things will you remember the most about the...
What we before we get to that?
See I got too much stuff on my plate.
You know that's like fat boys problem.
Too much stuff on his plate.
That's why he removes it and shows it all around his fat push.
You make me sick fat boy and don't you ever call me again at home you idiot?
What a moron.
Hey paly can I have that foot?
No.
No.
I don't care if the beast balloons up to 600 pounds.
We're not feeding you.
We already try.
See if we wouldn't have tried it once.
I'd say oh well something to think about.
Why not?
But we tried it once.
And he'd only ate all the food.
He was even eating the plastic containers that the food comes in.
And the black sack.
Said hey fat boy where's your black sack?
Oh aint it.
Aint it paly.
Eat this you jackass.
But anyway not only little evil was a great obscure record artist.
But the other one that immediately came to my mind was somebody who they named a pancake house.
After international.
No yeah any international.
Carl Perkins.
Oh yeah international.
Well I think I was right shut up George.
Which of these things will you remember the most about this arachitech we asked?
I've got I think eight great choices on there.
Turing down the statues of Sodom which we have a story on our website today which we'll eventually talk about.
That that was a staged photo opportunity.
No.
And didn't I make the comment at the time of Beater Boy that it didn't look like there was too many people there?
Yep.
Well they show the aerial photo and there's like there's nobody there really.
There's a handful of people.
Well they were scared.
Oh is that it?
Yeah.
No they were busy looting.
Turing down the statues of Sodom.
Rescue the POWs.
Let's hear it we got those seven POWs.
Which all of us are very thrilled about that.
Another great photo out for the president.
But nevertheless we're happy about that.
The looting and the chaos.
The thousands of dead and wounded people.
The great job by our military.
The biased reporting cheerleading by our media.
The Iraqi Information Minister's Daily Comedy.
I'll tell you one thing you won't be missing them for long.
The rumor around the station is he's replacing mode learning show the Iraqi Information Minister.
Would you think that's a great idea?
Oh we get a number.
More humor in the first 30 seconds than most had in over a year now except for the piece in which you can't see on a radio.
If we had like a webcam for the most show that would put them over the top.
I know it's a peer everybody in town with who didn't just to see what the which piece he was wearing and how it was hanging on that day.
How's it hanging Mo right over my left here?
The Iraqi Information Minister's Daily Comedy or the Sodom Doubles doing photo ops?
Like the Chubby Clown right?
Sodom.
That was out there meeting and greeting in the kiss and little babies the ones who were still alive.
So there you go there's our pool for the week.
I hope that nobody was grossed out by those pictures that Carlos put on our website.
I begged him please don't put that on there but he went ahead and did it anyway.
Didn't I beg you put I mean no people needed to see that stuff as grotesque and horrible as it was because the mainstream media aren't showing you that.
That's really what we're all about.
Not just this word.
Yeah that's right.
We don't want you to see that we just want to see the operation Iraqi freedom that was so well planned out.
I don't want to get started.
Here's our other call it's from Boka hello.
Good morning.
Yes sir.
Paul you've podcasted and I was filling your material today.
Yeah.
How are you usual about the biggest penis in Hollywood?
And that's right.
Don't you have a song that's called a human Jones?
Oh brother should I waste any time are they are they wasting any time?
No.
Thanks a lot Reverend Jones nice hearing from you.
He's okay I like him.
I hate to admit it but I mean some chronic's you.
Oh speaking of chronic's don't send me any faxes from any chronic Schmidt can't immediately.
Okay we'll not be mentioning their names ever again on the show.
Already done.
A lot.
Really?
Yeah.
Alright.
Wow.
The pressure got greater and greater.
We were starting to get there.
Those people need some serious serious assistance.
Not that I needed to tell you because you wouldn't have known whether I was there or not.
But I'm not there.
I'm in T.O.
And I'm very happy about it.
And it's blue skies in a beautiful day coming up here and I got the window open and it's just great.
Got a little that SARS virus coming in the window.
Yeah.
But uh...
So whatever there's no sense in wasting it because George isn't going to relay those faxes to me anyway.
And they'll never even see I won't even glimpse the writing so I can Schmidt can't at myself personal.
So wasting one sheet of paper is bad enough.
Yeah but wasting a pair.
So I told Miguel I said what a waste of a pair he ran out of there.
Hey Miguel George is really pissed off of you.
There's going to be a skat fight in the hallways when I'm here.
I got the bus.
So he just kind of pulled a little...
I don't know what happened.
I know that he knew and he went out and he left like he was going to go do something about it.
But I thought it was going to be...
He did something obviously.
You were going to be gone and so he scanned the appearance of the 300 bucks from Treasure Island and also probably got something there too.
His girlfriend might listen all the way down it.
He's probably got her tied up in a conference somewhere.
If you don't say.
68 holds already which I just sat down here.
Do I have to admit that my clocks were wrong?
I got up this morning thinking it was 610 and it was 710?
Oh well...
Well 610 is bad because that's WIOD's 610.
It cannot be 610 anywhere that I am.
It was 710 because I forgot to set the clock set when I got here yesterday.
By the way, hi to Helen and Alene and all my good friends at Air Canada.
I had to change my clothes three times.
They peed over me so much yesterday in the airport.
Which of these things are remember most about this or racquetack?
The biased reporting that cheerleading by our media, 23.
I was speaking of our media here at CBC.
This giant Roger.
See, even if she's talking about me already.
The Iraq Information Minister is daily comedy 13.
That was special.
Yeah.
The thousands of dead and wounded people, 10 which was also special in a sick way,
tearing down the statues of Sodom 9, those great photo ops,
especially that one in particular in the middle of Baghdad.
I did a play by plan that last week where you were gone.
Yeah.
It was great.
I should have.
Great job by our military 8th.
The looting in chaos to the rescue of the POWs and Sodom devil's doing photo ops 1.
Come on, the clown deserves better net.
The clown Sodom, he was almost as funny as the Iraqi Information Minister.
He was a hoot.
But that big smile on his face is the real happy, girl lucky guy.
Oh yeah, this is Sodom really.
Anybody believe it?
No.
No, but he's a funny guy.
They're going to shoot me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's just not there in the open.
You see the clouds in the background, a cloud of smoke in the dust in the world, Bernie?
Yeah.
He's just a friendly kind of guy.
By the way, remember the Savak and the Shaw River ran.
Somebody mentioned that to me yesterday in the airport I was chatting with.
Right.
The Shaw River ran, which of course the public overthrew him because he was everybody's better Sodom.
And then they got the Ayatollah there and then we had to get Sodom in there to fight the Ayatollah.
And Alakwins led to.
And by the way, you Syrians, you're next.
Yeah.
We're going to get your ass.
See, this is really the search for weapons of mass destruction.
We're going to keep looking.
We're going to tumble country after country until we can find some.
927 at 560 WQM.
I'll tell you if you're on a search for some real bargains, I'll tell you where to find them.
The bargains are at the Swap Shop with over 88 acres chock full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors.
The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight.
And at night, the Swap Shop has the world's biggest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first run movies.
A lot of so many people shop at the Swap Shop.
You might ask, well, I'll tell you why.
Because no place else can you see millions and zillions of dollars worth of brand new brand they merchandise at flea market prices.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guaranteed.
Free admission free parking seven days a week.
The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop on Thursdays.
Be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday.
Free garage sale space before 5 at AM and Mondays like today all day long.
All of these things wait and free with the Swap Shop on Sunrise Boulevard between I-95 and the Turnpike call 95-479-1.
Don't miss the free million dollar three ring circus seven days a week.
You can smell the 10 miles up the road at the Swap Shop 95-479-1.
Swap.
My and local.
This is Fort Real 5 City.
You ain't too am.
I am. I'm low-grief.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Just sit quite back and you'll hear the tail of Peter Arnett.
The fumble in report is set us to pedesting yet.
He goes on I-Racky TV and talks out of his butt.
Now he can work the drive through and the bag that pizza.
Do I have this big mouth truck?
NBC has heard enough.
They can't visit yet.
People seem no one in bed and roasted on a spit.
The Senate had a fit.
Peter Arnett's just another big mouth with a mic like the pixie chicks and Martin Sheen.
Tim Robbins and his wife.
Oh, good.
Those movie stars, the professor and Columbia, they should get alive.
Next thing we'll see Peter with a turban on his head.
Hanging with Saddam Hussein and the U.S. Sarklamet.
Peter says he'll disappear to an island far away.
We should drill holes in his boat so our not has to stay.
The folks at a miss and BC have finally had enough.
I guess they're sick of his anti-American stuff.
I won't miss his comb over or his off yellow teeth.
He sounded like he was learning cocaine with the athlete.
It's a 9-33-560 WQAM.
Look what's winning on a pool.
The bias reporting.
I wonder how come on the American network we didn't have very much at all about the fact that 90% for the first several days after like 2-3 Wednesday last week.
The first several days after that with all the looting and the chaos that was going on.
Or as Don Rumsfeld said, the untightiness after the war, the untightiness.
Oh my god.
What a pile of crap.
Yeah.
The untightiness.
Does he got away with words or why?
But the fact of the matter is 90% of the hospital workers, well first of all they were looting the hospitals and taking out the macfaces and anything else they get their hands on.
But 90% of the hospital workers were afraid to show up for work because they were afraid to leave their homes.
They were staying home because anybody who left their house when all that hysteria was going on, they'd come home to an empty house if it was still standing.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
So obviously the planning was really very thorough and very good in terms of what we would do once we got there.
And just like how mid cars are said in Afghanistan, you wait, you'll see the same thing there.
We hope not, but I have a feeling.
He might have his thumb on it.
Here's the facts from Shabir in Miami who says there is no meaning to shock and awe in Iraq.
Bush administration especially, DR Donald Rumsfeld and his neocons in the Pentagon have given new phrase winning the hearts and minds of Arabs and Muslims with shock and awe.
First we bombarded them and killed untold numbers of civilians and as soon as they occupied Iraq then they decided to send Franklin Graham for good Friday services for our troops.
Oh, we were that.
No, I wasn't.
Billy Graham's son.
This is the same Franklin Graham who called Islam an evil religion used all kinds of derogatory words for the prophet Mohammed.
He ought to be given a real war muckum over there, I'm sure.
What's that?
Yeah.
Woman fuzzy.
The Pentagon's even considering allowing Franklin Graham ministry to take humanitarian aid to the people of Iraq and provide more evangelical gospel mixed with a few morsels of rice and wheat.
Matter of fact, speaking of Richard Pearl, the CDC last night showed one of the interviews that a couple weeks ago with him.
And he was talking about the new world order and about how they asked him.
They said, well, what about he's talking about exporting American values all over the world.
They said, well, what about the two thirds of the world that doesn't share American values?
He said, well, we either have to keep our distance or hope that in time we can bring them around to sharing our values.
Well, what is that?
We have days.
Yeah, we have days of making you share our values, whether you want to or not.
Anyway, it goes on, Shabir Spaks says, this is what we call the modern history.
How to win hearts and minds with shock and awe.
Arabs and Muslims are shocked in the air says awe.
Aw, shock.
Thank you, Shabir.
Good facts. Excellent.
And that's the presence of aw, shocks.
Who is not coming here by the way he's pissed off.
Damn.
Fucking you.
Oh, yeah, that's the whole photo clown him in the Dick Fiber.
You're not fooling anybody.
Jerry Fogel.
Jerry Fogel from WBBF, I do believe.
One of the busy bees.
Who would have busy bees on WBBF and Rochester, George?
Come on.
Jo Dean.
Jerry Fogel.
I think it was Vogel.
I don't know what his name is.
Joy Reynolds.
There was always Eddie Meehthaw in the WHEC.
He's dead from candidate when the York.
Let's do some upstate the York trivia.
No.
No, because only Dick Fienberg will be listening.
We can't do it.
We have no diaries.
It's just thanks for the little eve of trivia.
No problem.
Dick.
And by the way, give a big statue.
He's speaking of statues.
He's falling.
Give a big statue.
A gold star in a purple jelly bean.
The Brian Sears on the way out of town.
What a great job again, Brian.
You're the best.
You are the best.
Everybody's the best at what they do.
You know what I'm saying?
There's in every category.
There's someone who's the best.
And when it comes to driving a horse,
there ain't nobody like Brian Sears.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
There's a lot of people who are the best.
I'm going to evacuate a little bit.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I'm going to remember those about the Iraqi words.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
I saw the enclosed and current driver magazine.
Join us next time for oils well that ends well or kiss your gas goodbye.
Hey, Moose, what's weather forecast for today?
Hey, Moose, what's weather forecast for today?
Bo-Me-Oh-Oh!
Bo-Me-Oh-Oh!
Bo-Me-Oh-Oh!
Bo-Me-Oh-Oh!
Here, Racking and Bo-Wingle.
Here, Racking and Bo-Wingle.
Saturday morning on New Galonia.
Saturday morning on New Galonia.
Saturday morning on New Galonia.
947-560-WQM.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm not on the turnpike now.
Here's a lady on the turnpike.
Hi.
What's up?
I said, how you doing?
I'm fine.
Oh, pretty good.
But I'm really pissed off about something.
About what?
About the situation in Iraq.
Specifically, that the river seems to care.
You know, I could be wrong about this because I am a product of the Rourke County School System.
But I do believe I learned in school that it takes two thirds of an act of Congress to start a war.
I miss something and it happened and I miss it.
No, you missed the Democrats rolling over and playing dead.
That's what you missed.
I'm just really pissed off about this.
I'm pissed off that we're going to use all our resources in this war.
And then when we keep on fighting everybody, we're going to be depleted.
Look at Curry's problem.
Same time.
By the way, is this the same military that they told us that Clinton had just a totally emasculated
and taken away all of the things that they needed and didn't fund the military?
Is this the same one that they inherited that did just a wonderful job?
That very same one, yes.
So I'm really angry about this, that nobody seems to care.
Nobody's talking about it.
No, not only that.
It's not just that they don't care, but if you don't agree with the company line, it makes you a bad person.
That's what pisses me off the most.
If you're not out there waving a flag and agreeing with the goose stepping,
well, we have to support our commander-in-chief or in war, but that's a bunch of bull crap.
Exactly. That's a whole bunch of crap.
You can have an opinion and not agree with these things and still be an American.
Right.
But I guess these must be all a bunch of punks or people with Alzheimer's because they forget Vietnam,
if it wouldn't have been for public opinion, we'd probably still be in there.
Oh, the King's God.
Thank you for letting me bend.
Hang in there.
Thank you, Sue.
Good luck. I'm hanging. Watch that driving down there. That's another thing I don't miss driving.
You people who are driving most of you, I've always said this and it's true.
It's just like they said, I'm impersonator. It's the same thing.
We got a whole bunch of people in South Florida impersonating drivers.
It didn't take me long to get back into my mood.
Oh, God.
I can't deal with it. I'm sorry. I've never seen such crap.
And every time I get back home, it's worse. It's madness.
Did I say get back home? Like I said, I'm out of my back home.
As a matter of fact, I'm glad that he called with that because here's one of the great stories
in the Sun Sentinel yesterday.
Today is a matter of fact. This morning, I'm on top of it.
Resident show patriotism by relaying flag from Wellington to Miami-Dade County.
Yeah. That shows your patriotism.
Oh, God. I'm so I want to puke. I want to vomit.
I want to just like Linda Blair puke up piece soup for about 20 hours.
Get out of my system.
That's what makes you pay for your out of kids.
It's just like I said. You know, see the interesting thing is after 9-11,
the majority of people, I think I'm right in saying that the majority of people
found some way whether it was putting a flag in front of their house or putting some kind of a thing under a car.
They displayed real patriotism because the country had been attacked.
We felt that all of us as Americans were under attack.
There was very little debate about that. Not too many people said, well, you know, this had nothing to do with me.
But now you'll notice you'll see flags on cars like maybe one out of here, maybe a hundred.
Maybe, right? Right? Sure.
Even where I was in the deep sale.
Yeah. And the reason for that being that we have, we're not under attack.
Iraq wasn't going to attack us. They were going to attack Britain.
We went in and we attacked them.
We went in and we invaded another country.
And this idea, just like Craig Chances, this is the whole thing of regime change, is crazy.
He says, today it's Iraq, who's it going to be tomorrow?
Syria. I'm sorry. Who's it going to be? And after that, regime change, which is just going for going in there and overthrowing governments.
I'll tell you, you want to do a real good one.
Let's make a stop over. It's real close to Syria. It's right next door. Let's make a stop over in Israel and give it a very else your own.
Sounds good to me. Yeah. For pay soft. Let's do it.
Put somebody moderate in there. Now, she wants to say, well, he's willing to sit down and they're going to, well, you know, start doing the really hard, painful things and get all those settlements.
I'll believe it when I see it. Okay.
I believe it when those draodles of Hanukkah time turned into a hundred dollar bills.
Anyway, it wasn't the red, white and blue human shame they hoped for, but some software to residents showed their patriots as yesterday by relaying a flag from Wellington to date County. Aren't you thrilled with that?
I feel so freaking American, man. Come on. Let's play something patriotic.
Oh, Canada. Come on. Cut it out.
Several dozen people from Palm Beach and Broward counties participated in a flag relay to show the support for the troops in Iraq.
The original idea, the original idea was thousands of people standing side by each, passing a flag to each other along US 441. It fell short.
Yeah, they couldn't find enough people, but organizers pushed the understatement of the century, but organizers pushed it anyway.
They decided to make it a relay walk with one group of participants handing the flag off to others who were waiting.
They carried an American flag for 50 miles along the road, starting at the mall in Wellington, green on 4th till Boulevard 8 a.m.
It was one of two pro troop events Sunday in Palm Beach County at John print. Oh, geez. What happened?
I just filled a little bit of soda. Okay. I got a little carried away. Just a little bit. Not a whole bunch like that one time.
At John Prince Park and Lake Worth, crowds turned out to your local bands at the Papierta team freedom fest.
Wellington resident Michelle Shaw conceived a flag really about two weeks ago. We didn't work there, Michelle.
You spent your time more usefully going out there and visiting some sick people in the hospital.
Raising some money for underprivileged kids. Right? Yeah. Oh, sorry. I was just frustrated watching the news.
Here is here is the line. Okay. This is what really caught my attention. This is America for you.
I was just frustrated watching the news. There were so many anti-war protests. Shaw said horns have been honking all over the place. This means a lot to us.
There's so many people who don't get it. You don't understand what freedom of speech is all about. You don't understand about legitimate protest. You don't get it at all.
Just go stepping and going along with whatever the government says is not being a good American. It's not being a good citizen. It's not being a thoughtful human being. It's being a sheep. That's all you're being is a sheep.
Every time the country does something we're supposed to say, yeah, USA. You know, mindless idiots.
And it goes on about to this one said this and that one said that and our troops are fighting so we can have a, oh, look at this. Look at this.
Our troops are fighting so that we can have the freedom to do what we're doing right now said, trust sister, Lori Greenberg 32 of all Indian.
I think our troops were fighting supposedly if really that was what they were supposed to be for for the freedom to not only do your march, but all the other protestors that you're lamenting so badly too.
As the cab brought me to my place here yesterday from the airport. Yeah.
Coming past the US consulate over on University Avenue. There were a pro war protests. There were a bunch of Iraqi and a few other people and they were waving American flag inside. You know how many there were?
About 30 minutes.
And you know something that's about right. That's about an accurate count. Start unseen by you. That's about right.
What are we talking about here? Have to keep excoriating everybody who doesn't agree with you at all. We're going to point out their movies and Martin Sheen. You're a son of a bitch and this one and Susan Sarandon.
We got a cancel that showing at the movie at the base ball hall of fame. I mean, other people really that stupid. Obviously they must be. They're buying into what are millions of more buying into what Chris millions of people voted for this.
And I think that's the first place. It's not a majority, but a whole lot of them did.
One thing I'm never ever going to do is apologize for the fact that on this show we sit here and you know, have it talk about balls. At least we got the balls even. And in the long run it's not going to help us. And long run we're going to pay a price for it. Too bad we don't care.
We just don't care. Those people want to get their arbitrage diaries if they want to punish us because we don't want to go step along. Have a good time. I don't care.
Somebody somewhere to need to be a few of us in this country and there are just a select few who got the balls and just like that Michael Moore column I read last week you were out, but it was great.
It was on our website.
But after the all at hoopla about his performance at the Oscars accepting his Academy Award, the sale of his book went skyrocketing went back to number one on the New York Times bestseller list.
About the Dixie to Dixie chicks actually the sale of their records their CD skyrocketed they went back on the top number four whatever was on the billboard company chart.
Good. So all of the see but again the media doesn't tell you that the media wants to convey the company line and that is that if you dare to step out and speak the opposing point of view if you won't go step in a line that you're going to pay a price for it. And that's not true. It's not true.
They're owned by the company so of course they're going to give the company line that is correct.
And this business would cheat channel radio and affect that the Michael Powell you know at the FCC they want to give them an opportunity to buy up more radio stations.
So you can have Russia and bond doctor Laura and Smith my strip and the same crap on every station in America and not have any choices left and hear the same right wing point of view 24 hours a day.
It's all every day yeah but at least you won't have to hear somebody say do do.
Oh I forgot about that now it's not do do you better get with it because you you didn't get the memo I told you a little bit this right but now you can't even say I predicted that they would come you can't say then you can't take one too close to show time so get it out of your system a little earlier from now on.
Ask.
See Carlos told you yeah be the boys get ready to sign a contract by the way for your job one one more ass and that's it.
And do not do that eating ass stuff in fact believe you me that you you've done the last show on that trust me when I tell you just beating ass from no one.
No see there go one more ass one more ass.
Where's that then.
I'll tell you place somebody asked me the other day once we're in a place to go for if you got a big healthy appetite the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet you won't see fat boy over there because they won't let them in.
They have three locations there in sunrise north Miami Beach and the newest Emerald Coast is in prestigious Pembroke Pines they got six different kinds of soups they've got Zidians of different oriental and other entrees all delicious fresh crunchy.
Great the beef dishes and chicken and all kinds of great stuff those pots stickers are good ever have those they're like fried crepline I mean the wontons oriental surf and turf on the weekends New York strip steak made order the gourmet center of sizzling Asian grill featuring lots of great stuff like teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken
seafood hand carb primary all cook the order the Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living to because they don't use any cornstarch no MSG which in some of those Chinese restaurants you walk out with a pounding headache feeling like you're dying over there and they only cook with cholesterol free oils that the Emerald Coast to the buffet features a full salad bar new sushi bar and fresh cream cocktail as well.
Emerald Coast lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc you got to bring a big healthy appetite because it's worth trying the dessert bar to if you have any room left at all pies and cakes pastries ice cream all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit even if you have watermelon all the time on the Emerald Coast buffet three locations for you in sunrise the original soft local location is pine I let a 44th street they're on columns of it and just north of one 63rd North Miami Beach and if the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines be sure and tell Richard go leave school when you stop in especially in the United States.
We lose the night we're out Emerald Coast except for reservations take out and live the available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 bring a healthy appetite you walk out with a big smile on your post at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
We're sports radio 516. You're way up. It might come to be have no any gross. You know when is white. You can feel it baby. You know it. Hear it. It's timing so white. He's a hunky. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You're like the one, baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. He's a hunky. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-
I'm a piece completely bad, but I'm a ball very uncomfortable and laughably
full of ball you pick the white one baby
uh-huh 10 or 2 and 5 60 WDQ I'm happy Monday to you
Keep it Easton have now started joining the children
Well there's a little BBC for you
Okay let's take a call from Boca, shall we?
Boca is pretty busy this morning
uh Boca, hello
Bring back Peter Boca
Oh god how boring
and that's a different one by the way
I think I'm not or the same maybe it's PD's boyfriend
Here's their comma rage hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey Neil I'm calling about uh I read an article this morning about uh Donna Romfele
Yeah
In the news week and he was uh Tim Ruffada asked him about uh you know what
why they planning to go to Cuba next since the Castro murdered those guys for kids
I'm right, how jackass
And I was wondering what did these people think that uh
that's going on with this Bush administration as far as they don't care about people
they just care about old don't you think so?
Big business man all their buddies and big business
That's all there's about
I put it in a lot of time ago
OIL and M.O.N.Y.
and it's all they care about
As far as Romfele he's an asshole
That's for sure
I agree
Hang in there, Bill
Have a great day
Yeah you're not fooling anybody
You're fooling some people Rummy but not too many
A little untightiness after the war
And then at that very same press briefing
he was foaming at the mouth
Did you see that one?
No
Where he was screaming it was USA today was the paper was referring to
He was holding it up and they had big headlines about the looting
Which of course is the only story because it was just total chaos
Which is what one of the headlines many of the headlines said
Total chaos and bagged that
And he's a
Is this all they could find?
This is all they can find
And the meantime we've done this
So we've done that
Buh buh buh buh
And that's all they could find
I mean he is scary
He's like Joseph Gerbels and Hermann Gearing
And all these all rolled up into one
And last night the CBC showed the doctor
And he recommended me again about the background of how
Iraq came to be what it was
Right
And about how Reagan you know
Supposedly Saddam was the CIA's hand picked guy over there
To counteract the Ayatollah after they overthrew our good buddy
The Shah who we installed in the first place in Iran
And even after the gassing of the Kurds which they showed
And of course we told the Kurds
Just like we did the Hungarians
You got the revolt and you do this and we're going to come in and help you
Which of course we did not do
And so then he gassed thousands of his own people
And Reagan the aah, now hands off because it's our boy
That's our guy
And subsequent to that
Here was all this co-sing up including training and halibut
And people doing business with him is little is five years ago
Right in billion dollar contracts with the worst the most evil dictator on a face of the earth
How are people so stupid to believe this?
How is it possible to be that dumb even if you're trying?
Even little beater boy
Why they didn't get out of the third grade even he knows better than that
Second grade?
He wants a vote act
Restoring security here will take time and manpower
Restoring peace may be quicker
But there are still occasional fire fights like this one in the early hours of this morning
American troops open fire on diehard Iraqi resistance
And round up fighters said to be still loyal to Saddam Hussein
And you notice the Bushmaster yesterday
Do you see the comments about this Syria?
Yeah
This is the new deal
We're positive that they have chemical weapons and we're also positive that they've been helping out the Iraqis
And they've got some of the Iraqi scumbags of across the border in Yadi Yadiyaan
They're harboring them
And you'll also notice the top Iraqi scientist which we had seen him many times before
That turned himself in last the Friday
He said we don't have any weapons of mass destruction
Oh yes you do!
Oh no we don't
Now what would have been the reason for him to say that?
What motivation when he's already turned himself in
Right
And they're not going to do anything to him
I mean except interrogate him and beat him a little bit
Pull his fingernails out
But what would be the motivation to lie?
We don't have any weapons of mass destruction
Just general anti-Americanism
Oh here's picture now
He also lost his mother
And his younger brother
Now he is dying because his terrible wounds are infected
Oh
Ali has septicemia
He told me he'd like to be flown to London for specialist treatment
Soon as possible
That's a total of your boy that lost a lot of weapons that we have to be trained with
Without such help Ali could well be dead within the week
They would be more than 10000
Thousands and thousands of examples like that
And all the flag waivers out there
They have no opinion on this
And you'll notice by the way speaking of our illustrious brilliant president
Not once
Not once is he uttered one word
He's given all his sympathies to the relatives and the families of the American troops over there who were killed needlessly of course
And people like David Bloom and reporters who were killed including the ones in the Palestine hotel who were murdered
But not one word about the Iraqi civilians about the grotesque loss of life
Because there hasn't been any
No seriously I mean stop and think about it
What kind of insensitive prick are we talking about that is our president supposedly
Our commander in thief
He won't acknowledge it just like Reagan didn't acknowledge AIDS until you know
Oh, it's the unspeakable thing
Right right and of course you'll notice this story it's on the BBC a
Oh
Comey they just showed the images
This is the kind of thing and because in Vietnam if you recall
And finally not have been writing stories about this the last few days
In Vietnam when it really started to come and close to home is when we started seeing the pictures
Mm-hmm
Of the wounded naked children and the other mutilation of the innocent people the civilians piles of bodies
Right then it started to come on like this butchery going on over there
And we're the ones that are talking about genocide and about Castro is doing this to the to the dissidents down there
And he's three days just executed who the hell are we to talk
Like I said a couple of weeks ago the butcher of Baghdad was overthrown by the butcher of Washington
That's basically what it boils down to
And he's saying Syria is next not going to come and write out and say in that
But you have to be pretty stupid not to read between the lines
And what after that as Richard Brod
I used to laugh when I used to see this stuff about this new world order
I thought it was pretty good
Oh it was pretty good
That's what they got in mind that's what it's all about
They're going to reshape the map
And just like this business about Franklin Graham that was a great fast we had before because what a great example
They don't want to hear from Franklin Graham they don't believe that crap
We're kind of convert the whole world of Christianity
We're going to make our with the whole world our own business
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello
Neil
Yes sir
A couple of things I got your books that you talked about the blinded by the right
And I'm going to halfway through that one right now
Good
That is absolutely amazing
Yeah how they just made all this stuff about Clinton up
They just went ahead and made it up
And did you get the new edition now because there was a second printing I guess where he's got a new preface
Yes
Yeah and nobody's challenged him
And some of the comments that he attributes to people
I would think that they would just be screaming if they weren't true
Yeah they only commented that there was disputed was Matt the drudge speaking to the spirit
Yeah there's one more comment or something but I'm not even halfway through it
And I'm trying to pick my jaw off the floor
It's incredible but you know most of the public want they're not even going to read a newspaper much less a book
Oh yeah and try to explain or try to talk to somebody about facts
And I love the spin is now complete on this war
As I recall we were going for because they had weapons of mass destruction and they were an imminent terrorist threat
Ask anybody why we're there now and it's oh we're freeing the Iraqi people
Right the ones who are still alive
And you're right who's next?
They're making the same noises about Syria that they were making about Iraq
And Iran
And North Korea
Meanwhile the people who attacked them
And Connecticut
Yeah we're safe from little old ladies with nail files in their in their suitcases or something
Exactly now you're talking
It's a nation of sheep, nail
Hang in there Pally I'll see you I'll see you at the border
Yeah
Have a great day
I'll vouch for you
5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Longer
And we have a poll question today on neo-roggers.com
Which of these things will you remember the most about the Iraq attack?
Of course we should have put one other selection on there
You know what it should have been?
What was that?
All of these things
Yeah just to be cute
The bias reporting cheerleading by the media 70
Very good
Iraqi Information Minister's Daily Comedy 42
The thousands of dead and wounded people which should have been number one I voted for that
The third vote for
The great job by our military 29
Taring down the statues of Sodom 25, the looting in chaos 9
Rescue of POWs 4 and the Sodom double weight if you're sick and tired of being fat, unhealthy and looking like crap and wearing puppets instead of real clothing
Here's the answer, balance for life
Everybody's getting great results
The beast has lost 60 pounds
It'd be a lot more if he didn't have all those bad influences
Now it's your turn to do it
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting
No falling on a sidewalk and injuring your head dock
That's right they use the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs and put together fantastic delicious meals
They bring you your little black sack every day
And in your sack is all the food you need for the whole day
It'll keep you full believe me because there are three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious nights
You get to choose between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program
And the weight just pours off your body and you'll be satisfied and have a smile on your puss and feel great too
Because the food is made with the best ingredients known to man
Let balance for life help you lose the weight once and for all what you got to lose beside that fat disgusting grotesque punch
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29
9-5-4-568-32-29 if a fat boy calls you by the way don't you ring the food with him
Or check out their website at balanceforlife.com
I'm actually a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
I'm a lesbian
Well congratulations get alive
10-17-560
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
I'm a BBC
Linda says, is this really happening?
Am I living in the twilight zone?
Can somebody please pinch me so I can wake up from this nightmare?
Linda wants you to pinch your George.
All right, I'll be right over.
If Foch is reelected in 2004
and the spin is that he will
there won't be a pinch big enough in this world of wake
as all of them in this nightmare.
That is if the world is still here, Linda.
In 2004, that's a few months away yet.
Let's hope we make it.
It'll be here for the Christians.
Oh, that's right.
And those of us Jews who decide to them
accept the offer that we shouldn't refuse.
Jew and me.
In 50-60 minutes says this fact.
I did not say it.
Did you?
Did you?
No.
That propaganda expert, Bitch,
used car sales, Bitch was on their demanding
that we understand that the whole world was getting the truth
through the live play by play reporting.
Right.
Then for a few seconds, they went to a snippet saying that
other countries were showing the truth also by showing corpses
of small children.
Like the one I just saw moments ago, it wasn't a corpse.
But afraid it's going to be Ali, that 12-year-old boy.
Mm-hmm.
Wow, it looked for just a moment that we're going to confront her
with the real blood-spilling videos as being the truth.
But astonishingly, instead on 60 minutes,
they went to a piece about a female golfer playing against men
and how this will affect the world.
Oh.
Oh.
You know, the thing about while Roombard, Nero,
Fiddled and all that stuff.
That's what it's all about.
Front page of the right-wing national post.
The militaristic bush-looking national post up here.
Huge, huge full-color picture.
There is Tiger putting the green jacket on Canadian Mike Weir
who wins the Masters and Augusta at a golf tournament.
Oh.
It's unspeakable as what it is.
The counts of Bakuba on the east side of the Tiger's River.
Bakuba.
Kuba.
Kuba.
We live Bakuba.
Kuba, right here.
How's that pool coming, Nero?
Glad you asked.
Which of these things do you remember most about the Iraq attack?
The biased reporting by a cheerleading by the media 79.
The Iraq Information Minister's Daily Comedy 48.
The thousands of dead and wounded people,
which obviously ought to be number 138.
But of course most of these people haven't seen that enough.
So it's just numbers on a page and not real.
The great job by our military 37.
Turing down the statues of Sodom 29.
The looting in chaos 12.
Rescue the POWs 5.
And the Sodom doubles doing a photo ops 3.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Poppano. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
I was just flipping it yesterday and I happen to get kids' country
and they have a song written by this guy.
Have you forgotten?
And in the song he makes the connection that the World's Race Center
and Sodom are connected.
And it's just the sheep just follow along and follow along.
And follow along.
Right.
And did you happen to see the thing about Rajakhan not going up to the Hall of Fame?
Yes.
Yeah, Rajakhan was really pissed off that they refused to show the movie
because of Susan Sarandon and who was the other one Tim Robbins.
And the Rajakhan who courses a phenomenal sports writer.
He said, I'm not going.
He didn't go.
Good for him.
He's supposed to go in August and I have it right here just real quick.
By canceling the Hall of Fame anniversary celebration of bold arm
for political reasons, you are far from supporting our troops,
defying the noblest of the American spirit.
You are choking freedom of dissent.
How ironic.
In theory, at least we had been fighting this war to give our rackeys freedom of dissent.
But here you, through the great institution you had,
have moved to Rob Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon and Ron Sheldon of that very freedom.
Right.
In support of the American right to dissent, I have no choice but to cancel my obvious speaking appearance of the Hall.
And he reminded this scumbag at the Hall of Fame who made the decision.
He was the assistant press secretary for Ronald Reagan.
Yeah, but people don't know that.
People don't care.
Negropon to you at the UN.
This one here, Elliott Avers back.
This one back.
And Americans have a late out of the fund room that they want to read.
But they all in some of them there.
Yes, they are.
Neil, how far is it to the border?
Not too far, man.
You can be here in a couple of hours.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
I wonder what all those flag waivers.
I wonder what the people who were like marching from Wellington to a date, counties today.
I wonder what those people think when they see the images of the...
Of course, they're not seen too many because American TV is making very, very sure that we see a minimal if no of that footage.
You wonder what they think.
No, no, seriously.
What is their rationale when they see that?
Well, that's the collateral damage.
That's the price of freedom.
They think they're too late.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
That's the price of freedom.
That we decided to impose.
God, it's just sickening.
It's nauseating the butchering that we've committed.
And again, you know, peace together things that...
Pieces of a puzzle out of nothing to do with each other.
Just jam together.
Just jam that square peg of the round hole.
Like he says, oh, 9-11.
We can't forget that.
We don't forget 9-11.
What the hell is that?
We don't have to do with what we just got through a war in the business of doing right now.
What does one have to do with the other?
Absolutely nothing.
Zero.
They're all over there.
They're all Muslims.
They're all from over there.
Oh, I forgot.
Smatha heads.
Right.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I was flipping through the channels of the other day and the dentist half-stored, the speaker of the house.
Have you seen him lately?
Have I seen him lately?
Yeah.
Thankfully not.
He makes Tip O'Neill look like Peewee Herman.
But he had a yellow ribbon on his lapel that was so huge.
I mean, he doesn't support the troops.
He really, really supports the troops.
Yeah.
Oh, I know.
He's a lot more patriotic than the rest of us.
Right.
It is so huge.
He just looked ridiculous.
I want to know what's new about that.
Yeah.
Well, it's just, I don't know, the flag waving and the ribbons and it's just a bunch of symbolism.
Mindless idiots, man.
That's what you're dealing with.
The masses are mindless idiots.
Well, I'm an adult college student in North Miami.
And some of these kids, I swear to God, I mean, they're, we look what we did.
Look what we did in Baghdad.
Look what we, but none of them, of course, are in the military.
They're all in college.
But they're just so brainwashed.
And it's just, I'm throwing my hands up in there.
I'm, I'm practically giving up between the establishment, the media and the government.
It's just, it's too much sometimes.
Just stick with the funny papers, man.
You'll be a lot happier.
Yeah, I got a request, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You still have that bit.
Well, either I hate the bird or Ambo.
Or what's the other one?
Ambo.
And remember, Ampigh has been...
Ambo, yeah.
Yeah, Rambo, Ambo.
You got him, man.
Oh, I think a lot.
See ya.
Good luck to you, pal.
You'll need it.
Good luck to you.
Don't let this affect your mind.
Okay, just keep pounding right straight forward.
Okay, like wood blinders on.
Just keep pounding straight ahead.
I'm not all the simple insists doing their juices.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what do you say?
Scrum.
1026 and 560 WQA.
I'm happy Monday from all your good pizons of QA.
I'm where we have big balls, Donna.
And you too, Eddie Jones.
You silly old pussy, man.
An old, wrinkled up man who turns out to be a pussy.
Here, pussy, pussy, pussy, here, pussy.
Eddie Jones, who lives in the same complex spot of ways
you're good close personal friend.
Yeah.
I'm talking about the rim man.
Oh.
Anyway, let me tell you, speaker of the rim man,
look at this, the pizza loft spot is next.
That's just a coincidence.
Now the rim man needs to have a very reduced price.
And you know, the prices are so cheap there,
you'd have to be real cheap, that's for discounting a place like that.
You know what?
Because Jeff has kept the prices low through all of these years.
The food is delicious, it's all cooked fresh to order.
And the prices are so tiny, you can bring the whole gang
and over and over again.
Every Monday like tonight is lasagna night at both loft locations,
Tuesday's eggplant night.
Buy one of these dinners on these days and get the second one for only five bucks.
Who would want a discount on a price like that except the cheapest of the cheap, cheap, cheap?
Every Wednesday kids eat food with it all, say, can see Jeff's famous magician.
Every Thursday is bite night at the loft, come on a motorcycle.
Buy one, dinner, get the second one for half price.
They got all kinds of combinations.
And as if you're not eating there before, you can figure out what you like the best.
A little bit of this, a lot of that.
They got chicken and veal seafood, three different kinds of great pizza,
calzone, super subs and other.
It's Passover, like I said, four different kinds of great pizza,
because they got that matsu pizza and matsu lasagna just in time for paysocks,
as George would say.
Two locations in Davy, they're on a university driving to in Griffithin 595,
called 954, 9116 for takeoff, for delivery, for catering as low as five bucks per person.
But what kind of a skintle and what on the discount off of that?
954, 9116, 88, 80 or the new location that I say what I was yesterday.
And the new location is in plantation, right out there by Walgreens,
right behind Walgreens on the corner of Navhilan sunrise,
with the same great food and same great low prices.
954, 382, 1999.
382, 1999 for the world famous pizza loft, now with two outstanding broward locations.
Live, live, and local, here's sports radio 560,
viewing 2AM.
Gangrape is funny.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything, because I can't stand listening to you.
You start like a douchebag.
Do what?
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid, I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Well, why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
You know, just to tell you not to say anything, just play something.
Oh, God can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
I'll play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
Oh, God, stand it.
You won't see who won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
1032 at 560 WIOD, we got a car here.
We don't even have a car here on his phone.
They don't want to talk to the bird.
Oh, we ain't seen too much these days.
They shouldn't want to talk to me.
I'll tell you that.
Look at that phone.
What a choppin' the kneecaps that is.
You know, what a smack right in the old...
Rectome from this audience.
Feeling great.
Sun is shining.
It's a beautiful day.
The birds are chirping.
Everything's looking up.
We're smelling roses.
The South of Iraq is now largely under British control.
And it really is more more than you want.
Oh, nothing.
Here's the fact that 5667-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
This man, this is pathetic.
This is sad.
And by the way, I'm still waiting for one of you flag waivers out there.
One of you pro-war supporters who thinks we've just done a wonderful job
of liberating the oppressed peoples of Iraq.
I want to hear what your feelings are about all these butchered people, huh?
There are none.
Oh, that's right.
We just made that up.
Facts as I just returned from Spain this weekend is Spanya.
An American friend of mine that works on the US Air Base there.
She told me that some of the brands there feel that they'd better find some weapons of mass destruction.
Or we'll look even worse in the eyes of the world than we already do if that's possible or response.
If we don't find any, we will plant some while we've been saying it a long time.
Also, the word the media all over Spain is all over Europe is that Syria is next sooner rather than later.
And just as I was reading this facts, the crawler on the news on the BDN CDC was Colin Powell says the US is very concerned about Syria's chemical weapons.
The anxious Colin Powell who used to be Mr. Dove and now for whatever reason has been transformed into a super hawk.
It was like that scene in the Godfather where he came into the courtroom with the pentangeles brothers.
Yeah.
They made him an offering couldn't refuse.
Together we are restoring many key services.
Most public health clinics are operational and you watch those dead people come back to life.
You as soon as they turn all the good stuff back on the water and the electric and stuff you watch.
You'll see.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Hey, I know how are you today.
Okay, sir.
I'll tell you something really surprising about this war.
I haven't seen anything by American with the anti-French and anti-German and anti-Everybody and on and on.
You know, you would think if you really wanted to support your troops, you'd buy something American.
So when they came home, they'd actually have a job.
Yeah.
Have you been like a Volvo?
Have you seen anything at all relating to any of that?
The Walmart used to have a giant buy American but then they got busted for selling like high-wand stuff.
Chinese.
So you would think that if people really wanted to support their country and really wanted to support the troops instead of buying a little yellow ribbon that go out by a Chevy.
Now, I think if people really wanted to support their country, they'd register to vote and make sure we don't have another four years of this and make sure that the world keeps spinning around for a while.
Doesn't that make a long story short?
Yeah. Thanks.
Have a great day.
5, 6, 7.
Oh, this, this, here's our last call. This is, this is, seriously.
This to me, I have said this a thousand times before but it never, ever fails to us. It's never stops.
Is a shocker.
Here's our last call for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey. Yes, sir.
Very good show. Very good show. Yes it is.
You're not getting too many calls though. They're all watching the CNN news.
No, they're not.
Oh, okay.
There's nothing to it. There's nothing to exciting going on right now. You know, no statues falling down.
Do you think they haven't found any like nerve gas lately or no nuclear weapons? No.
Because it would be nice if they could find like half of one.
They found a couple of pesdospences but that was about it.
I work for a big Toyota dealership. There's people in the way they're watching.
They've got the war on there. 24 hours. People are like, ready to bash their heads against the wall.
Yeah. They're seeing their waiting for an hour for an oil change.
And they're watching the, it's brutal.
The least they could do is put Jerry Springer on. Something, anything.
You know, even the, the, the comic channel.
Yeah. Well, have a great day.
And back to you. Okay. Obviously we're done with the calls pretty much.
I'm a couple of them flashing there but it's pretty obvious to me that they're not going to be too much going on today.
Well, let's pace up coming up and it's a good Friday and Franklin Graham's over to Christianize all those
turbine heads and the world's going to be great.
A base fully representative Iraqi intern authority.
Here's a great fact is this. Do you remember the PBS front line show on the FBI's?
I'll cut investigator John O'Neal and the man who knew I sure do.
Remember that the ambassador to Yemen Barbara Bodine toward his investigation in the law.
That's a group that had hit the USS Colisee.
I sure do. Bingo mission accomplished.
She gets a position in the Iraqi transitional government. Let's hear it for Barbara.
Oh, they had the James Woolsey on the news last night.
Former CIA guy. Oh, scary, scary, scary.
The one that says we're in WDW 4 right now.
And that Egypt and Saudi Arabia are quaking in their boots and they should be scared and you know,
they better watch that they're going to be next.
I mean, the government's been taken over by a bunch of crazy people and the public sitting back there
wants to know what time of American idols on.
What time is it on by the way?
Toto.
She helped toward the O'Neal investigation into 911 al-Qaeda terrorists that could have prevented 911.
Now she gets a job in Iraq after the Bush junta did their best to falsely connect Iraq to 911.
Do you smell vermin?
Absolutely correct sir.
I smell crap, man. I can't say that. It's smell vermin.
The veteran Foreign Service Officer Barbara Bodine's appointment as a key player in Iraq's transitional government
has angered defense department officials and federal law enforcement authorities who believe
that as US ambassador to Yemen, she blocked an FBI investigation into the 2000 bombing of the US's cold.
This is from the highly conservative Washington Times, by the way.
Pentagon steamed at Bush's choice for post-war Iraq.
Working through a number of channels, including the Pentagon, the Justice Department and the Senate.
Several high ranking federal authorities are calling on President Bush to rescind the appointment.
Ms. Bodine, a diplomat and residence at the University of California, Santa Barbara was named last month by Mr. Bush as director of relief and reconstruction for central Iraq based in Baghdad.
She served in Baghdad during Sodom's regime later in Kuwait and then in Yemen, where she was ambassador from 97 to 2001.
After the October 12, 2000 suicide bombing of the cold, which killed 17 US sailors injured 35 others, she served as chief negotiator between the US and Yemeni governments.
The State Department has successfully imposed Barbara Bodine on the defense department team dealing with post-sautom who say in Iraq said,
one former high ranking Senate official, close to the Pentagon, she used to be the mayor of Baghdad in essence, the defense department is livid, but there seems to be nothing they can do.
A Pentagon official who asked not to be identified, said Ms. Bodine dismissed warnings of terrorist attacks in Yemen against Uyghats and allowed the cold to enter port at a reduced security level because she felt the value of showing US presence in Yemen overweighed the risks.
But she's never said she was sorry that she made a mistake, said the official FBI executives in agents familiar with the cold probes at Ms. Bodine and ambassador in Yemen prevented the bureau from advancing its investigation into bombing at a time when agents were beginning to focus on Saudi millionaire Osama bin Laden.
The bureau's top terrorist hunter, John O'Neal, headed the cold probed and was laying the groundwork for a conspiracy case against El Qaeda more than year before the 9-11 attacks.
He had been sent by FBI director Lewis Fried to Yemen with the force of 100 agents, lab experts and forensic specialists, but FBI officials said the cold investigation was stymied by Ms. Bodine and that she made little effort to encourage Yemeni authorities to cooperate despite a number of death threats against agents by Islamic terrorists.
The police just refused to allow investigators to carry the weapons Mr. O'Neal considered necessary for the protection.
And it goes on. It's just nauseating and the public is like, let's form a human shane and let's march from Wellington to the aid county and show how much we support the commandorant thief and our troops and how patriotic we are and ours is bigger than yours and our flag too.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Man.
Woo!
The stench of stupidity is just wreaking through the streets. Can you smell it?
You see that or most peace are both that stench challenge.
20-11. It is a challenge just to keep breathing.
20-11 o'clock at 5-60 W.Q.A. Eastern Daylight Time.
I have said you place that will help you lose some weight. Delights of West Bokeh can help you slimb down because they are entire stores for you fat folks.
Not chubby, not pleasingly flump, but fat. It is unhealthy. It looks grotesque. In Delights you will find over 700 low-carb sugar free products, whether it is the number one atkins die.
Get better doctor by please. Or any low-carb sugar free die. Delights of West Bokeh is your low-carb super store.
Come in and sample some of their newest bakery products like chocolate. What is it? Chocolate cupcakes and brownies by control carp for your brownie hounds with only one effective gram of carbs.
It is perfect for serving and they are delicious. Don't forget Delights incredible selection of all kinds of good stuff. Low-carb pasta, sauces, dressings, cheesecake, chocolates and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream.
Next we think about tiny every time I see that soft serve. Don't forget at Delights of West Bokeh all atkins brands product are 25% off today on paysock, on good Friday, on the air all day every day.
Stop by talk to their staff they know the atkins and all the little carb diets inside and out they are open every day 10 till 10.
You will find the lights on the northeast corner of Glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market and prestigious Bokeh where all the young people live.
Call them at 1-877 Low-Carb or shop them on the web if you like at lowcarb.com. Don't forget a great store for all you fat folks.
It is Delights of West Bokeh your official atkins retail center.
My and local, this is Sports Radio by City.
It's a way, it's a way, yeah.
Music
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
From the bush cartel that left us all this way.
Music
We all then do line support was our doom.
As the bond's dropped from the stars gone far away.
Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the fat switch, or sweet notes.
The price of cash is too long but I'm afraid that the line won't be very long.
We'll meet again with a hold that by the civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
From the bush cartel that left us all this way.
We'll meet again with a hold that by the civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
Music
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
And just time there until he loses him weight save his life
You know I have like a long straw so we can sip a little bit of water just enough to stay alive. I think that's a great idea
Hey fat boy everybody hates you like poison you're a pain in the ass Pali
Miami hello, I knew yes, sir. I got one point to me
Okay, it's about a year ago when we had the stem so thin going on with bush naughty feeders huggers
No one wanted to do it because you know, he went to keep the life alive
Right right now when the war is going on I've heard one person mentioned all these soldiers with futures and wires and kids and
Acceler doesn't matter and I had no one brought this up
Yeah, well that's because they only care about that nebulous unborn life once I've always said that once you're alive
You're on your own man. They don't care about you
They're a new thing, but they will pray for them
Now pray for your souls. Okay after we stick you in the ground. Oh, he's in a better plate
I was thinking about that yesterday in the cab ride. I don't know what made me think about that
The stupid things that people regrettuletously stupid things that people are conditioned to saying somebody dies
Oh, he's in a better place now. Yeah, I know what it was it was the services that were having for some of the
Somebody dead soldiers. Mm-hmm. Oh
He's in a but no, no, he's not in a better place
He's in a box in a ground rotting. He missed out on the overwhelming majority of his life
He missed all the opportunities he had to enjoy life
I'll try to ration lives. I'll try to make an excuse. He's in a better place
Here then all the time. It's just a stupid idiotic thing or or he's up there looking down on us now
That's another one of my favorites. He's up there looking down on us now. Oh, he's not
He's in a ground in a box rotting. No, he's in that great fill in the blank in the sky
And a great the ballpark in the sky and the athletes love to use that to the sports people. Oh, that's one of their favorite course in the sky
right
You know, I'd like to see a golf course in the sky not on the ground just in the sky
Maybe that's why we have hallows big hailstorms, you know
Yeah, when it hails the size of golf balls maybe they dropped a few. I don't know
Of course if they do drop murmur can pick them up in the you know, seldom
He said he's doing a hell of a business by the way
Stunless golf balls. He's every night two in the morning. He swims across the little lake puts on his little bathing suit
Swims across the lake and he's got a fishnet grabs up all the balls he can
Worshes him off at least and then he's got he got that son on the front lawn any Jones is still parked off about a by-the-way rumor rumors balls
I guess any Jones is just afraid of balls, you know it
5 6 7 that's what mad dog said 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
In fact, I mentioned that he Jones at the so mad dog in the airport yesterday. He ran he ran right down a concourse
So see ya be good. That was the end of that
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Oh, I'm on it sounds just like you
Okay, good morning. I have a question one of the things I remember I
It's sort of disturbed me. I didn't know why until I thought about it later
Then heard someone else comment about it was that flag when put being put over the face of Saddam when they put that flag
I mean right you down and I thought well they did that once before and they said no we aren't there
Are they getting that in buzzer right right and then and then it happened again
And so I wondered why but then I realized there's something disturbing about this picture
I realized the flag was upside down
The stars are supposed to be up top if it's under the bottom that means there's a dire distress
So I wondered why there was no comment on anything said about that because it seemed awfully odd
They didn't care which direction was and they just they were just panicking because they realized that it looked like we were occupying and
Taking over as opposed to like putting the Iraqi flag back on there and it was in very poor taste
Even it was a time it's a time for like about 10 seconds. It looked kind of cute
Okay, well, I just thought of a bizarre. Well, it should be our worst problem
Have a great day. Thank you. You too
See that's an old expression. I've heard a million times that should be our worst problem and right that fits right there
Speaking of people shlup in these stars and stripes since a lot of people are very concerned about that
Phara faucet was one of the real real super patriot flag waving celebrities
In the face which I like to point out by the way those people are okay
Right, see you understand this sure why I want you to get this right the people who support the administration the people who are on the right the people who are
hawkish the surely Joneses and a Phara faucets and and a Brad Pitt's in the world those are the good people
So they can speak out as much as they want as long as they go step along Phara faucet in the tabloids
Which I should have brought him I left him under plane
I thought who the hell needs tabloids with everything else going on
Maybe we'll have to make tabloids Tuesday tomorrow to wean people away from all this war talk
But anyway, she's showing wearing this flowing gown and the stars and stripes the flag is the whole back of her gown
And it's like she's dragging it on the floor
That's a violation of flag protocol and they've got like about seven billion letters in the
whichever tabloid that was just ripping her in ass
I've got the handbook in there the flag for like sleeping the flag on the on the floor
But you see she's so much more patriotic than most of the rest of especially us. Well
I mean, what is that?
It's like a like a pissing contest which one's more patriotic than the other one mines a lot bigger than yours is yeah look at that
I'm waving it
I'm stretching it
I'm yanking it
But it's not that that's a double standard you understand right pro war people right wing people good
celebrities and otherwise left wing people anti-war people people in the middle people like aren't from a butchery bad
Okay, let them dummy up Michael Moore Susan Sarandon all of those people Tim Robbins
Martin Sheen shut your yaps on time. It's Ron Penn. Oh definitely put him in a pen put him back in a pokey
But like I said last week we taught the Iraqis the hokey pokey wing would be proud wouldn't be surprised if Wayne opens up a few blockbusters
Get back in a company again. Yeah
There'd be a blockbuster on every corner a Baptist church kitty corner across from that a bar
Puzzle mat and then a Mac Donalds and right next to a Burger King a Wendy's
Boy too bad Dave Thomas bit the big one before he could be around to see this
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line maybe maybe the guy to call before about the people in the
What was in the auto shop?
Can the world change or whatever I think he's right
Anything but the war maybe we should just give it a rest, you know
AB W
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Miami. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Very good. I've got a
Legend for you. I'm a first time listening. I've just started a show for like the past two weeks, right?
I know this thing you have a very negative guy way is that
Like I want you to brag on me. I'm just I'm just curious negative about what I
I started out to show this morning talking about what a beautiful day it isn't about the weather is so great here in Toronto and about the is that negative?
No, but you always talking how like oh nobody ever called me and Miami sucks and this and that I just want to know. Miami does suck
That's not my opinion. I mean, that's a fact you better look it up. Oh, yeah, it's not a best-based living, but I mean
Lighting up how many shades?
I'll cover. Okay. I'll work on it. All right. Good last. Yeah, you're so negative, Neil
Why can't you be more positive about the glorious liberation of the Iraqi people and all those beautiful pictures of those
bloody butchered troops and babies and innocent men woman and children?
Nah, I'm gonna be a spade old prick the way I always have been okay. I like it this way. I want to be Mr. Negative
How's the poll coming which of these things will you remember most about here's a guy's been listening to weeks
He's calling me giving me instructions not only on the show, but on life. Don't be so negative
Which of these things will you remember the most about this or rac attack the biased reporting cheerleading by the media 101?
First place out of 341 votes
The Iraqi Information Minister's Daily Comedy 68 68 the great job by our military 54 the thousands of dead and wounded people 46
Got that in mind only 46 13 percent. Okay, pretty sad
Taring down the statues of Sodom 41 the looting in chaos 16 the rescue of the POW's 10 and the Sodom's doubles doing photo ops
only five
small potatoes
1057 a few drops and small potatoes or any other kind of mashedators on a carpet or whatever else you shmets in there
It looks pretty bad smells bad no matter how much you vacuum all of that stuff grinds down into the fibers
You're carpeting making them look and smell nasty
You want your carpets looking smelling and feeling just like brand new and if you want your carpets to be a real
Mahayas they say in hungry just call my good friends to drag concepts because they'll come to your home
Exactly on time when it's up the appointment
They'll roll up their slaves and they will dry clean your carpets nobody else in the world does this
It's an exclusive patented method and when they finish the important part is your carpets look and smell and are just like brand new
And they give you a written guarantee price before they start the job
So you don't have to walk around pacing the floor wondering how much you're gonna get ripped off when they finish
They also do is to punish job a clean your
Pulsery and your leather furniture your expensive area and oriental rugs if you have problems with pet orders
Militators caused by water damage
They'll do the same magic on those as they do on your carpeting believe me
It's a miracle right on your floor. I've been using dry concepts for over 21 years now
And I guarantee you this I'll bet George and Carlos's life on it
You call them once and use them once you'll never even dream of calling anybody else again because they happen to be the best in the world
Call dry concepts tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 and in no time at all your carpets look brand new and smell
Empty fresh and don't forget they dry and just a couple of hours to be ready to rock and roll call tool free
1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or log onto their website dryconcepts.com and it's a
Truism when you call dry concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight
Howard David's a bitch their songs provided the soundtrack for a whole generation and now they're finding a whole new
audience with a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before
It's the best of crossbees stills and cash
Experience a job all over again when crossbees stills and cash unveil a whole different take on this classic too
With two cats in the yard it's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children
Mike I am yours you are mine
Hello I'm Johnny Cash because we stills and cash you know we use the thing like a couple of boys named Sue
But now the cash registers linging because we're singing it a whole new register
You are what you are
As you may get hard
The best of crossbees stills and cash walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today
Oh, 11.020560 wdqm. I'm so damn negative. You know what you keep reminding me of that place. Okay
I'm waiting negative Nelly. Okay
Reuters Afghan officials says Pakistan backing the Taliban. Oh not again
Candidary Afghan is standing Afghan official accused Pakistan today of backing the reemergence of the fundamentalist Taliban
Militia and of involvement in the murder of two relatives of a provincial governor
A cousin and another relative of Kandahar governor Ghul Agashirzai were killed by suspected Taliban militants in the Pakistan
He brought a town of Shaman on Sunday while it's not what Michael Jackson. I was a shaman
While his brother sheriff Sharzai was also injured. It's quickly. It's so negative. Sorry
Pakistan's hand is behind this event governor. Sure as I spoke from in Khalid Pashhtun told Reuters
The Taliban carried out the attack but it happened in areas under control of Pakistan
And we haven't passed passed out of them our complaints about their support for the Taliban without the support of Pakistan
The Taliban would have been able to do what he said and he is probably
Absolutely correct sir. The attack carried out by two people on motor thickles came today after the governor's son
Our seaf was beaten up in Shaman by several people including Pakistani army officials Pashhtun said
You said the shooting was carried out by members of the ousted Taliban regime which Pakistan backed
Until the 9-11 attacks on the US to televan as we know well we know that
Uh speak at 9-11. Yeah, didn't we talk about those people didn't do anything to deserve their fate
And they just happen to be in a wrong place at the wrong time both in the World Trade Center in the Pentagon right
You see the similarities and I'm not talking about the military
But I'm talking about the civilians the thousands of casualties in Iraq about those people have it to be in the wrong place
People really died those time at the wrong time. Oh, that's right. The ones here really died
And the ones over there was just a propaganda on the seabed right the BBC and
Open seared and was in for the same body you know
I said are angled making it look like a whole bunch right
Oh, no, I must have had a brain fart during the break
I was flipping over to a chat couple of things out which the Dow and the Nasdaq are up
They like them dead bodies and I actually flipped over to CNN for a second. Oh, I want to say again
Wolf Blitzkrieg is the biggest right wing suckle. I mean, it's just unbelievable
What an administration lackey he's become all with the makes cold and powerful fate and wind significance
South report by Van Brown of the BBC the BBC
Yes, he was at US and he's completely briefing this morning and Doha he joins us now
So fall some reporters wanted to know if the fall of to create means the war is over what are coalition commanders saying about that
Did you see a way you know the first way a first
Way they described to create today was the site of the only significant military operation in the last 24 hours in Iraq
So think about that the whole country and that's the only place major military action has been going on the last 24 hours
That says everything's finished everywhere else side for them hopping up
So the question if the creep is falling or as it may have already fallen does that mean the war is over
It's exactly the question we put to briefers at the briefing at central command and we put it to bring it to general vince Brooks
Here's some of what he had to say much question
We know that there are still some places where we have not accounted for all military activity
There are also places inside the country with not physically gone to yet and that has to be where the weapons of access to stress and right
Wouldn't you think of course
Here's a call from Kendall hello
Can't yes, sir. I know mr. Negativity. I should say right
Hey listen
It's only just coming out but the I think the largest crime even worse than the
killing in death of all the civilians
Is the crime on both sides where they the citizens and all were allowed to loot both the
Library and museum and of antiquities as we
and completely destroyed everything of
Zion worth to man. Well, I think that the lives of the people who died and were butchered up
Are worth more than the end the things you the artifacts you're talking about but
That's got to be a close second billions of dollars worth of irreplaceable artifacts some as old as 7,000 years old
Exactly, and no, you know, I'll go into there, you know, lies are more important
But it is the fault of both sides first all the people should realize
The worth of what it was of minor stand the Americans never the
Franks and his guys and coming down from Bush they never made any plans to sit there and protect the thing
But they made sure they were protecting the oil
But you do understand that there's no oil in the Iraqi museum
Right exactly. That's what I'm saying. They were protecting the oil. There's no reason to hook a hose up to it
You know, so you know, they had their priorities obviously, you know, so
But it is a tragedy. I mean how difficult would it have been to take a few thousand military police and put them in there
One once we had to place clean out and put them in there armed military police
Put them on every street corner just like you see in even today in many of the cities in Europe and
Could have avoided all this insanity. No preparation. They knew a month ahead that they were gonna do this
This wasn't any great shock. This was planned a long time ago. Well, you know rumsels, you know
Boys will be boys there. Yeah, a little untidyness after the war that why keep thinking of that word untidy
And keep thinking of all those bodies strewn around
And one last thing bomb our net are not on mfm right will used to be doctor Bob right? Yeah, I got a hint to him for
Reporting as far as describing what happened
He's been up there with Hemingway is trying as far as trying to bring the historical
Sentin to and all that but he lost his on objectivity so early into that reporting that it's like you just watching me
It's like okay. I'm listening to the you know the fall of Paris now not listening to oh
Yeah, well he was embedded don't forget and he admitted very early on that he developed this great empathy with the troops there and
He was just a shield true true, but
He can though on the level that how we did report is quite good
But you know he just lost it after well. Oh, he deals can do a good job. Have a great day take our welcome them
See you
You're so negative now. What's that noise I hear out in the hallway you think they're coming to get me. Uh-oh
I'll let you know is it drillin five six seven oh five yeah, they found a world
pound five sixty on the 18 T and four is in wireless line the governing party continues while the
Liberals are banking on voters wanting oh, that's that Quebec stuff. We don't want to hear about that no
Oh, frost off on issue and don't be no freedom fries don't be given no freedom kiss and don't be doing any of that stuff
We have some freedom toast for both of them don't be even any of them freedom pace. We see that we're that freedom toast
I do like freedom toast though a lot here's Kendall. Hello
Hey, me. Yes, sir
Yeah, I just wanted to call and say this stuff on the worst grade. I don't think you're you're negative
I think you're being objective as possible. I mean you're providing common sense which I don't think the rest of the media is doing
Well, you know, and I try to get simple answers to simple questions from the people who disagree and yet I don't hear from any of them
Yeah, that's you're never here for them for they want to take some kind of a verbal shot at me
But in terms of answering their questions, they seem incapable of doing it
Yeah, I have yeah, and I agree with you, but I mean on more lighthearted stuff
I just had to comment on mo I want to tell you uh Michael Moore's new movies gonna be mo and me
He's gonna write about that
I mean this is this is unbelievable
You got to copy uh, you know, a free clean from dry concepts to clean up that uh to pay you a complainant about it earlier
They might do a good job on it
They might suck something on it. Okay, pal, I work on it. Have a great day that mo. He's an asshole. We know that
Yeah, I miss him already, you know what I missed that bonding. I missed the waves through the window at me in the morning when I come in
All of these things
Him opening up the door and saying you can't put fake hair on our real hair on our fake head
Huh, you had to write the first time you can't put real hair on our fake hair on a real head
Oh, he's trying
He sure is touchy about that. Uh, do it. Yeah, I had no idea. Touchy. You know if I had known way back then
When you get to be in that the age category when you get to be in your mid to late 70s and you're worried about how your
Hair looks and he's still worried about my pants and about my shirt
You know like I'm coming under to be a fashion the first thing he said when I came back
Take off those checkered pants. I couldn't believe it
You know, you let me worry about my pants and you worry about yours your pantaloonies. Okay, your lime green pants and your
Cosvans you silly old man you see there. He got me started again on a momeister like close personal friend
Howard don't be so negative. Yeah, there. I'm being negative again. You're right
You're absolutely right. I apologize profusely. Don't I know screw it and screw mo too
Moe they hate you man. They don't like you at all. They can't stand you
Med dog had a real interesting comment at the airport yet. I'm not gonna repeat it
I wouldn't do that would be bad. I like the mad dog a lot. He's a great guy. I wouldn't do that, but it was interesting
I'll tend to be for the show tomorrow. All right, and maybe I'm a show today
It all depends on which way the winds blow
Just take your finger out the window. No actually. Let me let me take a look because I want to be positive even though I am in Toronto
I don't want to hear that SARS coming through my window here. I do have the window crack open pretty good
Gonna be 70 here today
Poor little even case you missed it little leave is dead. We're so sorry little evil boy. Oh, uh, what am I looking for on this thing? Oh, it's eight
Which is what 46? It's 46 right now. I'm gonna be up to 70 today
And 79 tomorrow holy crap. See I brought the one with me
I'm gonna suspect them when the show's over to open up my door and see dozens and dozens of wonderful people out there ready to thank me lined up to kiss my ring
See there's that ego again big fat ego. He's very negative a bad guy. I admit it. I'm a bad fat guy
Not as bad as Jeff high and I never would lie. I'd like a Pokemon II
Anyway, he's he's
Yeah, these people that are calling about how negative you try working a QA for a few weeks. Okay. Let's see how negative you'd be
You'd be running around you. I'll tell you one thing a lot of these guys that give us crap about how negative we are
They had to be going out of the pawn shops and buying some used revolvers. They'd be maybe over there, you know
Shoot and target practice after stealing of course only because we don't advocate violence, but they'd be pretty fired up and pissed off, you know what
Working with a bunch of arrogant butt plugs like we got in that place
Kits off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that amen
1113 at 560 wqm your negative station for the new malmelonium
I'll tell you about something positive. Oh, man. I'm popping it in my push. Don't I sound great? It's telling just fine
I sound just like me
Anyway, it's good stuff. I'm taking it for my blood pressure and my blood pressure is sensational
You know, I got up this morning before even take my took my pills my blood pressure was 128 over 68
Okay, it turns about right? You know, you know, I'm not even talking to you. Okay, then we've got three digits one's got two
Yeah, one's got a pair all your meds off gels, which you just pop in your push every day
They contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best money can buy not just plain ordinary pedestrian olive oil
Which is you know, it's okay, but super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits
Popping some olive and your pussy every day cannot produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus
There now are 14 different olyomete formulas from which show you can choose for you to be choosing from each one combining the finest olive oil
You'll be finding anywhere with the vitamins minerals and herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure
To your immune system you just pick out the formulas that are right for you and now there are three new olyomete formulas
One to help you sleep one to help you control that weight
And coke you 10 for your heart, which is really great. You'll be a lot more positive when you take olyomete
In fact, that's why I'm in such a good mood right now. I'm popping it
Oh that the lord even loves neo-rodris you got mail a killer reply from Steve it says thanks buddy. I'll just reply back
You're welcome
This man has a problem. He is an email reply addict. You've got mail. Oh another reply from Steve. Appreciate it
You betcha
Send and he is not alone each day thousands of people don't know when to stop you've got mail
Steve again says okay
Take care
Send but thankfully there's help at reply a hallux anonymous. You've got mail. Oh another reply. Stop replying
No problem
Send reply a hallux anonymous can help you learn when to say when you've got mail
Another one you need professional help
I'm sure you exclamation point send contact your local chapter of reply a hallux anonymous today won't you? I will
Glad to hear it you bet terrific. Oh, Kidoke. Okay then great. Let's stop it. I hear you. Seriously stop replying
Okay
I love it
Nothing worse than being the last one to reply an email right Lynn
Yeah, she in fact Lynn just the Lynn sammulas just emailed me. She's going to Vegas for a few days
She's gonna miss the show tomorrow Wednesday and Thursday. I don't think that's acceptable. Is it no
So I emailed her right back and I said any winnings over a million I get half
And then the great part of it is she's the only person I do email with
Right, so I don't have to worry about all that stuff
This is very depressing news. I don't want to be negative again
So if you're one of those people emotional cripples that can't handle the truth turn your radio away download
Don't change the dial because we don't want you to do that but turn it down like low
Put your finger in your rear ear
Are you? Yes, well, this is from yesterday's observer newspaper
You notice the newspapers the print media have been so much more on it as opposed to the electronic media
Oh, it's just embarrassing. That's why some of us have to keep watching the cvc through which
credible and legitimate local leaders see there you go
Are you?
US military contractor accused of human rights violations is one a multi-million dollar contract to police post-sautom
Iraqi observer can reveal
Dine Corp which is donated more than 150,000 dollars to the Republican Party began recruiting for a private police force in Iraq last week on behalf of the West State Department
I'll be danged
The wording of such a sensitive contract to Dine Corp has caused consternation and constipation in some circles over the company's policing record
A British employment tribunal recently forced Dine Corp to pay 175,000 dollars in compensation to a UN police officer
It unfairly sacked in Bosnia for whistle blowing on Dine Corp colleagues involved in an illegal sex ring
An observer a reporter who contacted the firms US headquarters purporting to be a potential police recruit for Iraq
Was told it was hoping to get people on the ground in two to four weeks
The recruited told the reporter we could expect a seller of $80,000 plus hazard bonuses
He was offered a contract of between three months and a year and told he didn't need to be able to speak Arabic
He had to be a US citizen who would serve as a police officer in America
And when the reporter said he'd worked in Texas for a number of years he was totally sounded ideal
Despite Dine Corp's demands for US citizens only it's offering the private contracts to its British office in alder shot
Alder shot
Former labor defense minister Peter Kylfoyl said last night
I find it difficult to believe that at a time when bringing law in order to Iraq needs to be handled with delicacy and sensitivity
A private American firm like Dine Corp is entrusted with a job and there we go again
It's not just this present and his buddies and all of their big business buddies
It's uh, that's not a part of what it's all about. That's all about. That's what it's about
Jesus Christ well, well, what do we have to do put up billboards? Do we have to put it on TV 24 hours?
Did they get to sink into the stupid masses out there coming up again? Oh, right
It still won't get the job done. It doesn't penetrate
You've heard of abs of steel. We've got minds of steel. You can't penetrate a man
Robin Pumbito beach with the insus welcome back to earth see there's one yeah
There's a guy's uh glad to have you back and not too ashamed to admit it well
He says here's my two cents
All you assholes using the terms patriotism in the wrong context here's the actual definition the term nationalist is what you really mean to say
According to Webster's new universal unabridged dictionary deluxe second edition the true definition of a patriot is first
The person who loves and loyalty supports his own country second devoted to the welfare of one's country
Here's the definition of nationalist one excessive narrow or jingoist patriotism and two the doctrine that national and
Persecurety etc are more important than international considerations
Here's the definition of jingoist a person who boasted of his patriotism in favor is an aggressive threatening war like foreign policy
Oh son from edu
Yeah
Thanks a lot, brob and George thanks you too because he feels very unloved by this audience
It just doesn't care enough to send him their very best. They hate him like poison and they want him to know it
Oh, you know, we took up that pull one day about what makes them turn the dial real fast uh-huh and right there along with you was
Religion in fact in religion come out first being a boy
Where they tied
No, we didn't come out after it see what a wafer man. Why weren't they tied?
Yeah, let's talk about writing the fence
You can be honest now you ripped George and asked why he was gone all week last week and so did I have at least I admitted
But anyway, don't you find that bizarre because religion I
Used to think they enjoyed that we've taken polls about that before but they can't handle it
In spite of the fact that religion is like about 50 percent maybe a little less than that percent when you say
About 30 man. Yeah of what's going this is all about
Mm-hmm, but they don't want to hear from that they don't want to say that they're too emotionally crippled at this point
They don't want to hear us a shatter their furry tails
All that anti god talking that anti Jesus talking that anti
Jew and goyam and the schmata head talk. Well, it's just reality
I realized a lot of you you know, just emotional cripples little little children in adult bodies
Some people just never grow up mentally emotionally physically whatever
Look at being a boy
Oh
That's poor nutrition on his part though. Yeah, I wonder if he would stop eating
If he'd start eating chocolate it would be good to put a few pounds on
hey
How can you say that?
He said feed it to the fed iene is what I think he was saying let them gag on it
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon or wireless 100 92 and a half today
By the way start marketing in my weight every day make a new list you know the woman the beast all right
I'm serious
For the 400th time in your city serious about losing the weight
You'll see now that I'm here. I feel great. I'm gonna lose that weight. What was that weight again?
192.5. I got a digital scale so I can even give you I'm not gonna round it back to 192
That's I'll give you exactly what it is
And we'll see what progress I make while I'm here for a couple of months
Here's a lady in Kendall hello
Hello
Neil yes, ma'am you don't know how happy I am to speak with you. I admire you so much
You I mean I can hardly believe it but I because the things I can't believe it either because I thought I was a real negative guy
You you are you have it you know I do have it you have the
I got it
That's why I'm far away now
Yeah, well as long as I'm here in Toronto I can still speak oh my god
This is becoming an American Nazi country. You're right and we are the terrorists
Yes
Exactly and then we are like the Romans we finish here we go there we go there
Right, we grab the whole picture is wherever and then we make up stories about weapons of mass destruction
That's always a good excuse. Oh, I tell you I am well. I'm so happy
I'll ask that all you your blood pressure is so good
You're doing good since the whole thing started my blood pressure
Hi state state comms. They come turn on the funny pages. That'll make you feel better
But I
I do admire you so much. Thanks. We don't you are a real you really have it boy
I love you. Thank you. Have a great day. Thank you so much. Thanks for the look job
Well, I gotta go change my clothing now. All right. She likes me. Okay. I start latest offer two teams for five dollars
five six seven oh five
That was a little wasn't listening to that
By the way, we are going to be doing a live spot in the next hour for Norma's House of Boys
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 TN Verizon wireless line
Somebody must be listening up to that we got four hundred and twenty two votes in about an hour on a pool
Is that an hour? I mean two hours
Which of these things will you remember most about this or racke attack? We had over
1900 votes on a pull over the weekend. That's because Carlos worked on it
and Eric I mean
The biased reporting cheerleading viral media is winning hands down 122 29% that's what they'll remember the most
The Iraqi information ministers daily comedy 78 he definitely should be doing our morning show
You know how fast he van moves by the way. Yeah. He was absent for his daily meeting. Oh, I'm gonna do the
Yeah, don't get panicky. Do you see that?
Well, no, I saw that I was getting behind and so just you know my finger fell right on that thing
hahaha
I bet you went into a cool sweat too. Yeah, I was just reaching for my copy and I hit that that thing
See hmm
28 past 11 at five sixty wfm. See I'm getting much too worked up
Now we got to take the breaks the important thing is the commercials boys and girls not all of this other flipper flipper
flipper stuff
Hey, listen if you're in a dead-end job if you want to improve your life while you still have one
Call our good friends at fast train get trained for a real job in a computer industry
Because these people are making serious bucks. I think Carlos is the only slipper in the whole business
Unless you're hiding out of the desk and cruise missiles are falling all around you and you got cluster bombs at your feet
There's no excuse anymore called fast train at one eight six six fast train the good news is no matter when it's convenient for you
They have classes. They have day evening and weekend classes
And they got locations all over town so there's boundary one nearby where you live
They have locations in Miami Kindle Pemberpods and four-lord of ill so there's bound to be one close by you
So if you want to get yourself real training you just for sure at months
You can do it by the way and get out of your dead-end job and start making a big fat impressive paycheck
So you can really have a life here's the thing to do call fast train today. There's no obligation
They'll explain it all to you one eight six six fast train and don't forget to register at fast train
I've come to receive your free American flag bumper sticker wave it in the breeze and the flag too
Pick up that phone and call them today one eight six six fast train
My and local
Here's sports video five sixes you eight you eight
To write smash a girl
Oh
much better
Oh
Would
WHAT ARE YOU REALLY LIVE IS..
IT'Sorse!
But the Americans probably have such that the willing to do take action if we can demonstrate
that it's against the Paris-Hermen and the United States.
The administration, I'm sure, will make that connection or attempt to make that connection.
And given how easily this war has gone, I mean, First Act, Anastana, and now Iraq, yes,
we suffered casualties, but not massive casualties.
I mean, the American people want to feel safe, want to be protected.
They want to know that their government is doing something and taking the fight to the enemy.
So I don't think it would be very hard to persuade enough Americans that action against Syria is required.
So, and I missed the best part of what he was saying is that they'll use the same tactics that they used before
and convince the public that this is, you know, just part of the war on terrorism
and the Congress and the public will say, yeah, sure, sure.
Whatever you say.
Syria next and then what are the, let's make a list.
All the countries are going to invade. Put Canada way down there, please.
Let me know when you're coming.
Mexico, Venezuela, Puerto Rico.
Huh?
The Aleutian Islands. Oh, that's right. That's part of the U.S., whatever.
Nantucket.
Just say, 5'670560, pound 5'60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Actually, I missed the best part of this guy from the Keto Institute.
Remember Keto and the Green Hornet, right?
Here's a call from South Miami. Hello.
Hi, Dewey Neil.
Very well, thank you.
Love you, man. Love you.
I got a question for you because I need your advice.
I went to the office of Burntan in the other day.
Did you put you in a coma when he started speaking to you?
I'm sorry.
I said, how did it work out?
Well, I haven't done the program yet.
I just went to check it out and I did see your picture on the wall.
Yeah.
And I wanted to ask you how did it go and should I go further with the program?
He's great.
He really is good.
He really is good.
The only reason I stopped going to Burntan is because I moved, you know, and he's way down
there in Kendall.
And I just, I'm too lazy to drive all the way down there.
He's good, though.
He's a great guy.
He's a great guy, but he's got that deep voice.
But just because he's so boring, he's so boring that he can put you into a coma without
even hypnotizing.
He's good.
I like Burntan.
But he's going for smoking or weight or what?
Weight loss.
I'm a big fat heifer now and I got to do something.
No, it does work because he got me away from the sweets.
He got me away from all that craving and if I would have kept going, I'd probably still
be alive.
Awesome.
All right.
I think you need a lovely...
Good luck, man.
Good luck.
Say I say how to burn.
Sure.
He's a good guy, Burntan.
I mean, not a little, very boring.
But if you're going to be a hypnotist, that's the best time you're boring, right?
You will fall asleep now.
You know, like some of the shows we have on a weekend on QAM, especially, like the big
show.
Oh, he's just...
I love to sit again.
I like him.
He's a good guy.
He never still afraid to him.
But he...
And it seems to me, maybe it's just my bad luck, but we have him on like all weekend long
in between the ESPN droppings.
We got about five minutes of Joe Rose and the rest it's the big...
He must work really cheap, you know what?
Yeah.
No, he's a good guy.
But he's just so...
Terminal.
God is he ponderous.
Well, I'm sorry, uh-oh.
I'm sorry.
You're a great guy.
Starting next Monday, the Iraqi, the former Iraqi of press secretary, information minister,
whatever his title is, he's going to be doing moorings with the big QAM.
He was a panic.
The best scene of him was the last one where he was standing right by the Palestine hotel.
And don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid.
There's nothing going on here.
We have everything on the control.
And you can see the gunfire in the back.
I can't believe I was a smoking behind him.
Don't be afraid.
I'm not afraid.
There's everything on the control.
We will kill them all.
We will tear out their hearts.
It was just incredible.
I guess you knew how to say the right things to stay alive.
Right.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Uh, dear field.
I like to say, here's dear field beach.
Okay.
Hey, uh, is Michael Moore a frugget like you?
Yeah.
His wife thinks so too.
Same as the guy from Naples.
That's no deal going around here from dear field.
That was a matter of fact.
He's very heterosexual.
I know that has a lot to do with Martin Sheen.
Is he a fact?
No.
And Susan Sarandon, she a dyke.
No, and Tim Robbins.
Same thing.
And there is our first pro war call.
I'm so proud of you, sir.
I'm so proud.
I'm as pleased as punch that another guy that disagrees with me.
That's the best he can do, you know?
It's come up with his great shot.
This great attack of your game.
Wow.
Do you know how many straight people they have here in Toronto?
About third man.
I think you're right.
That's the great attack.
Is he a fag too?
No, Michael Moore is very happily married.
Is what he told me.
And his book is still like hotcakes.
And he's got the balls to tell exactly like it is.
But you continue go stepping along, pal.
We'll be the first ones to come there.
You'll be big and first to get your ass out.
And the answer will be, no.
Now, have a good time on the inside.
Hey, do you have $2,000 or more on a credit card?
If so, listen, put your ear to the radio.
Dedicated consumer counseling will help you.
It'll cost you nothing.
Dedicated is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you want money to.
And they can cut your payments in half.
Call 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
That's 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
Dedicated will help your interest rate,
eliminate late fees and save your credit and cost you nothing.
The bank pays dedicated and you pay zero.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt,
call dedicated debt the number 1-800.
Let me try it again.
And 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
Got that? It's kind of complicated.
You got it? Got it.
1-800-4-0-DEAT.
Call now and find out how dedicated it's to help you out.
You got nothing to lose.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees,
you have dedicated consumer counseling and trial.
They'll be handling it all for you from there.
Call dedicated right now 1-800-4-0-DEAT.
And don't forget it, cost you Zippo.
Call 1-800-4-0-DEAT for dedicated consumer counseling.
And they'll do it for you.
My life and look all this is for trail by city.
You weigh a few a half.
Paul, it's time for the W-U-A-M
Beauty and the Beast Contest.
Let's meet our Beast Judges.
Start here with the illustrious, great reeds.
Thank you, Beast. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Now our next judge needs no introduction.
I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning show.
Right out of my way, did it, Dapetan?
Well, without any other foidae, do do do do.
I'll announce the winner of the Beauty and the Beast Contest.
So I can get out of here and go home.
All right, give me the goddamn envelope.
Here you are, Mocha!
And the winner is Betz-Lorette number one.
OK, Beast, I am the beast.
You fat little toy.
Behind that curtain is your date.
Is it going to be Betz-Lorette number one?
Oh, let me say number one.
I had figures.
You can't think we're all that fat.
Wait a minute.
Oh, you want the pot of the beer?
Give me a minute here.
I can't think I...
Number one.
I got your mind.
Move your feet.
Move your feet.
We did it all for our best.
All right, Beast.
Meet your mystery date.
Sport hole radio program director, Clarence.
I was hoping you'd pick me.
Well, I always thought you were trying to cute.
Maybe later we can talk about sports.
You said sports.
Stop it, Clarence.
I am the beast.
Then you're fighting my arm.
Stop it.
All right, you two mother-heads.
Look at all.
Hit the back of the man.
What four months?
Because you won, you moron.
Two.
Now I got to escort you.
Something to date to the crazy horsey-sour stripped.
Here we are, kids.
You're having a good time.
Hey, we're off a floor.
It's a gay club, mo.
And my mother-in-law looks like our audience is needed.
Meals audience?
Ah, that fat, fat, fat, and the pipes mock up.
What the?
Sport.
I can't hear your music too loud.
What was that?
with a show at three o'clock 630 Marlins on Dreck actually games show me yes
don't be tempted to rub uh go right in because under the weather Josie would be
under the weather that's what happens when you don't come in and
concert with me about hockey oh Josie Gackie is out again today he was just
on on Friday oh my oh my I was joking to be doing the show at
chulas I don't know I'm sorry I'm sorry to ask you such a tough question
oh my oh my I don't think they'll let you do the show at chulas they don't want to
see him now he'll probably will and then we got the Marlins and affiliates at
seven o'clock tonight and he came home to the game and our good close
personal friends who used to be really good guys Joe and Mark overnight to the
six in the morning and then of course it's our real close friend that
Moe Maister from six to nine because three hours is more than enough for that
old man Joe will be in chulas he what he what he will be in chulas what I just
said I don't you're starting to give like pretty pushy now what
how happened with you George is like coating me making me say stuff why is that
also in other words it's not bad enough he's interrupting me all the time now
you're gonna do it too that's right I'll just sit back and let you guys talk
that that that that that you're getting like the rim rim man good one good one
he's trying to get me fired now oh my oh my
I started last week when you were out he started last week when you were around
I don't know but I go speak when you shot up for just a second she's I think
he's got a point listen to me last week I'm going to the where
was I go I'm driving home and Josie on Friday guests who called him I'll give
you 50,000 guesses professional Catholic or psychotic ass Dennis yeah who was
whining about because there was some scandal that fsu with another football
player and Joe was going out about that and here you know and he finally hung up
yeah nice going Joe I always told you that Josie had some great hidden abilities
huh always like seriously he hung up on his ass and I thought I was high
fighting myself in a car kind of like we even on a road a little bit but I was
high five in myself in a car nice going Joe you're the best oh my oh my so the
humpers under the weather again he should be sick a lot lately put push the
food away okay Humber push it away a little bit that's probably why didn't show
up when I was there he doesn't want me to see his growth oh no I could be wrong
about that but he's probably a little bit because I keep I try to embarrass him
it like losing an answer to he just won't do it he won't do it oh they got one
of the Iraqi Democratic opposition pick guy on here on CBC yeah and he's
talking about the opposition groups are very suspicious of this off-mod
chalabi that we stuck in it to be the headhuncho at this embezzler from Jordan
for the for coalition forces need to show that there are genuine about democracy
he's talking about that this is your idea of democracy setting a cook like
this hasn't been in our company in 48 years this is democracy and that's what
they're saying I just mentioned these things in passing I don't want to be
negative this was a wonderful liberation of the Iraqi people ones who are still
alive here's Miami hello
deal yes sir hey I've learned that you had a chance to speak about the doctor
I can yeah I did he didn't die did he no he's in a coma still in a coma I didn't
mention I yes you saw how it happened in you he slipped on a patch of life hey
slipped on the ice on a sidewalk he was walking to his office last week and
he slipped on a patch of his head right on the sidewalk and I swear to you
I was reading out of the herald where one of his spokesman the Roth scene or
something was my thing that his chances for survival were slim of all words I mean
I'm not funny but I'm just saying I enjoyed the words with he said he said
to none slimmed it on not good I hadn't heard anything but what do you do you
get the base of his skull I mean how does that happen by slipped I don't know
he just hit us out on the sidewalk you know I mean have you ever have you ever
had a bad fall no I have but I don't don't do it man I had that bad fall about
three years ago and Amsterdam and broke the loan on my hand it's a damn good thing
I'd land on my heed
but I guess the fact that he slipped I mean obviously he didn't have any you
were able to break your fall obviously right and don't forget he's 72 years old
that's true too I'm just a young pup okay thanks for the bad thing I mean
good to have a great day Dr. Rack is we're praying for you Dr. Bob of course
uh you know what can I say it's a terrible tragedy he's a good guy he's
boring but he's a good guy got a great diet worse for a lot of people not for
me no actually it is working for me that's what I do while I'm here I do that
cheeseburger and onion thing right worse like a charm and then every once in a
while get a little street meat I shouldn't say that no no see you don't understand
because you've never lived in a real big city you don't know what that term
means okay street me now it can mean other things and believe me being here
believe me trust me what I tell you wow but anyway you know what it's like a
hot hot vendors exactly see how George can put it in the words right out
over here I've had to go downtown to fight a parking ticket out and there they
don't have no weenies they're just a pillow for the courthouse you can do they
really every five feet and they haven't put them out of business yet because
that's one of their favorite things the politicians is putting the weenie
people out of business not in this tone baby well that's here for the weenie
people the mad dog in the corner of the store were to wear a thong see they're all
old ugly Cuban men on the weenies if they were to put on a thong well as a matter
of fact we got an old not Cuban but he's some kind of a Latino who has his own
stand this is it in these stands yeah yeah they got great brow or the Italian
sausage man is to die for with the grilled onions fried onions whoo and it's
atkins see what I'm saying now hope I don't slip on the pavement if I go
out to get one for lunch or something like that where you're up is five six seven
oh five sixty count five sixty on a eight cm T and Verizon wireless line that's
right I forgot there's a lot of that SARS going around and other things here's
a call from Miami Beach hello hello yes man yes it sounds just like you sir
hey no you're not really negative but I see that you keep on going on and on and
keep on ripping the guy after he ends up is negative all right fine yeah think you're
negative big world yeah yeah so I don't think you should be ripping him off so
with after I hang up on you I shouldn't review it's being a little punk that
belongs in school and it should be calling some great talk to your host tell me how
to do a talk show I'm not going to bring for more than a half hour five six seven
oh five say I love the instructional colors don't you the ones that you shouldn't
be doing this and you shouldn't be saying that you shouldn't be thinking this I'll do
whatever I want to do punk it's my show schmuck no they don't have to wait for it back in
your pants huh look at the ratings they have they don't have to do a talk show are you
starting again now you know Carlos I think you're right I think it's me and Carlos
against the world starting next Monday the Iraqi Information Minister and the Booster
in the morning I did hear sir I did hear some of the ball game hey everybody at the top
of the fifth inning it's true Mark Morgan and Boob Shambi are the same person I'm
Mark Morgan you a he just I can't handle it I cannot handle it the cradle of human
civilization itself but increasingly scholars and archaeologists are worried that
the current conflicts in Iraq might erase valuable links to our own past and
prominent amongst those scholars archaeologists are experts here at the British
museum in London oh in London we don't want to see about them silly Brits comey oh can't
out stand them silly as Brits all of the people there they got they got there a head on
straight with that Tony Blair I'm sure too many spotted dicks 5 6 7 0 5 60 here's a call
from Miami hello yes sir it's going great it's going great
yeah I think we should take a poll on the way that we should do that the George for the
last three years all right excellent idea that could be our poll tomorrow good point
you know what you just find out one of the best talk shows okay man we'll work on it
next let's see there you're right I'm with you man he says put a muzzle on your little
spickass and shut you up okay and we took we did take the poll what's the one thing that
sends you diving the radio fastest to turn the dial hearing George's voice you were your
way up there man well shut up now I'm sure your daughter voted about two three times on that one
but third man at least I don't have that here so you're gonna have to keep dropping
it one more time one more time I heard that first part okay I was a slip yeah that was
a stumble don't slip it again Carlos get get prepared start warming up at the bullpen
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 gonna be some real changes that QAM mark more good do you have any
idea what that sounds like in pre-delay when he says that what I'm sitting here in the
morning no it's just there's just something about the way I don't I don't know how to describe
it but it's just like just about sends you up off your chair I mark more it's so spastic
got but on what's the other station he's on now he's probably all over the place I call him
traffic nerd boy he is a nerd 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 this has turned into a pretty damn entertaining show
if you ask me with that big ego I've got even bigger than Donald the Hermann Gearing Rumsfeld
who's you know he just trying to clean up a little on tight in this after this war and then
we'll go in a Siri and we'll kick their ass we're gonna reshape them at least then our good buddy
Ariel Sharon and us then we'll rule the world because then we can split you know a little about
about how many what percent you think we ought to give this railings of the oil but third man here's
a call from Boca hello he's muggled him while he's on to with you right now so instead of commenting
it was just like the bird in the egg yeah yeah yeah the condolese song you have the original one yes
well here that Elmo was that an FCC thing were they said no no that was that was Fox news and
newsmax.com was just real right wing website data ones that start all that crap and you know they
got to watch you people huh what were they complaining about was they complaining that it was
somewhat was a pornographic no it was racist they claimed that it was racist oh my god and you
know what we are great civil rights people the right wingers are what part of that was actually
racist I say that I'm gonna be doing a lyrics again I'm not gonna get sucked into that
I need the job man I need that paycheck twice a month now and that's what the park goes
mmm right right there is what it was so corporate said to you that if you play this again you ain't
got a job that basically true I think that's a very good way to put your thumb on it oh my god
if you're big time with a solid contract with everything man listen I'm telling you the the
chilling of free speech and what's going on America they most people aren't even vaguely aware of it
it is a scary man it is and you know I'm a conservative and I have an opposite view on you in
the war but for them to try to take that away man your freedom of speech well those are the people
you're in bed with man I'd start looking around I'd start checking under the feet the season
here with you I just can't believe that so it's like now what if you played it and you just said
the hell with that and if they fired you would you be set the life to soon for some kind of a
right I'll let you handle it how's that I let you play it on your show have a great day man okay yeah
I don't think so not this week what do you think what George played on his show when he's on
hmm 157 three minutes no no let's start that this year George had a close enough shave last year
okay in this year is bleeding already where are the bargains you might be wondering I'll tell you
the bargains are at the swap shop well with great memories we have of that joint over 88 acres
chocolate bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors speaking of vendors the swap shop is the
busiest retail location in the world before daylight and at night the swap shop has the world's
largest 13 screen drive in movie theater featuring great first run movies why does so many people
shop at the swap shop because no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new
brand day merchandise at flea market prices and everything you buy at the swap shop is what a team
free admission and free parking every day seven days a week the swap shop is the cheapest place
in the world of shop every Thursday by a be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday free
garage sale space before five at a m and Mondays like today all day long all of these things and
lots lots more waiting for you at the world famous swap shop on sunrise boulevard between i95
in the turnpike called nine five four seven nine one swap and whatever you do know miss the three
million dollar three ring circus seven days a week you can smell the waft of that about 20 miles
down the road at the swap shop nine five four seven nine one swap say to my good friend Preston and
my love this is for 205 city
this dick chanie i like to relax by having marimagoland massage my balls while listening to the
new rotters 12-hour beeping
yes the ball drop on time squared but no one wants to miss a minute the
coverage of the war on terrorism my bad huh oops well no i was listening to something
i get distracted because there was a very important news to run the news about the
the raccoon permission minister not this new year's e most americans want to watch the ball drop
on time squared but no one wants to miss a minute of coverage of the war on terrorism now there's
no way to watch both this is seeing it it's CNN's rocket new year's e with your special host
downtown air and brown i'm downtown air and brown and i'm kicking it live from the
CNN studios in new york joining me is jutey giving me wood woodruff from CNN party headquarters in
Atlanta jutey thank you downtown let's get right to the latest new year's developments live via
satellite from kandahar with wolf needs no nickname what's it people in the town i'm gonna
bear one hey thank you jutey it's been a night of heavy shelling and heavy drinking in
Afghanistan right now the local time is 12 noon that means this reporter is already well
in the the hangover stage of this conflict CNN's rocket new year's e because the line between news
and entertainment is blurrier now more than ever but there the good news is there in brown still
sucks boys he bad or what here is brutal god whiny and with that bad the chameleon hairpiece that
went from red to dark shoe polish kiwi shoe polish black here's a fact from dan who says hey
do you guys know if bob kishan died yet didn't he die i don't know i'm sure he died bob kishan
looking up on the thing uh beater boy to get it also i don't think the robby mackintosh died
weren't you saying that he was gone some well you know we we put a lot of stuff on the okay we're
like the fox people we have we have we we we we we we we we reserve the right to lie a lot right
we'll sort it out later that's right you worry about it later and we'll look it up on the
internet to get the real truth or you look it up we're too lazy bob kishan died i don't know
well us troops anguish killing outmatched foes oh look at this article somebody disfacts to us
from the christian science monitor didn't we have this on our website carlos
which one us troops anguish killing outmatched the foes yeah it's we have this they're again
faxing the stuff that we have but it's worth i'm glad they did it reminded me
so lethal was the past week's barrage of artillery using rockets and missiles
designed to demolish everything within a grid square one square kilometer that'll left
lieutenant john herald the third infantry divisions uh one third down artillery battalion
with nothing else left to nothing else left to attack
yet even as u.s commander psychomedics have sesses many look upon the wholesale destruction of
a racks military in the killing of thousands of Iraqi fighters with a sense of regret the
voice frustration is the number of Iraqis who stood their ground against overwhelming u.s firepower
wasting their lives and equipment rather than capitulating as expected
and it goes on and on and on it says for some soldiers trauma is already sinking and for lack
of a better word i feel almost guilty about the massacre said one soldier privately we wasted a lot
of people it makes you wonder about how many were innocent it takes away some of the pride we
won but at what cost the average soldier is now 19 to 21 years old to sergeant mac you have 21
year old sergeants they're not experienced enough to maintain control over themselves or their
soldiers in the heat of battle they're just two years off the streets we have w.i.a.s wounded
action wearing purple hearts were 20 years old and it goes on and on that's right let's massacre
them and let's go into Syrian massacre about you then and then we'll find out who else we think
has weapons of mass destruction and we'll massacre them oh yeah that'll make you feel better about
yourself at about 9 11 sure and then we'll go into massachusetts because they always vote Democrat
in the presidential election and we'll show them a thing or two we'll straighten their liberal
economy pinco fat gases out how do you like that i heard they were harboring bath party members
i heard that they got weapons of mass destruction
catholic kangaroo update uhu catholic kangaroo about kishan oh bob kishan i'm sorry this is still alive
he's still alive and more who's the other one robbing me a macintosh and macintosh
do she have one of his computers yeah 505 votes which of these things are remember
are most about the Iraqi attack the Iraqi attack the biased reporting the cheerleading by our media
142 the Iraqi information minister's daily comedy 92 the great job by our military 85 the thousands
of dead and wounded people only 77 tearing down the statues of sottom 65 the looting in chaos 21
rescue of the POW 17 and the sottom doubles doing photo op six the thousands of dead and wounded people
only 77 huh i just just mentioned that in passing here's a call from kindel hello
out of touch liberal brother like i said he won't be on again ever won't be on again ever today
tomorrow next to kiss two years from paisa he won't be on his show again that's the whispering
guy for those people wonder which one of the assholes it was it was the whispering guy
here's a call from maimi hello hello yes sir hi um no i'm a college student
and i just thought i got out of my society class this evening as a garden yes sir they were
reading uh we were going over something about globalization and i just wanted to know if you
agreed on this statement i made in class and i'm thinking you understood what i meant but probably not
globalization is imperialism right do you agree with that of course well that i mean i just got
to have from what i was reading and from uh listening you know to you and i've been reading a
lot of book idea about what's been going on and it blew me away that no one agreed with that this
all is well that's because they uh busy reading the funny papers all this crap about the new world
order is just code for saying they were going to impose our our system and our will on the rest of
the world whether they wanted or not it's i don't know it just blew me away when i was reading about
you know the what they were saying with a prose of globalization and i just want to
wait wait what what do they claim are the prose of globalization what is that for countries that
were right yeah we're helping them to an early grave right and no and one another thing i just
wanted to ask if you ever had the opportunity to read anything by no one trumpkey sure oh well yeah
i don't know i just i began reading stuff from him recently i have a better you better uh
lock the doors and keep the lights down when you read it they'll be knocking your door down man i just
wanted to say uh one thing if i could just read this really quick from this it's uh from herald
lazel in the 1920s and early 1930s explain that we should not succumb to democratic dogmatism
about men being the best judges of their own interests because they're not with the best judges
of the public interests therefore just out of ordinary morality we have to make sure that they
don't have an opportunity to act on the basis of the misjudgment isn't that the same thing as
it's a tolerated state or a dictatorship where they're telling us what the thing that they're creating
that's the same illusions you understand the stapple keeps track of everyone amen keep it up pal thank
you sir sir there's a guy see there's a guy with a brain how do you like that we found one we
found a guy with a brain on didn't call up and say oh is Michael morifag too that was so far what
we've heard from the other side today in three hours and eight minutes as usual they're out there
they're listening even though they would deny it they're out there even though uh mr uh trumpet
is on right now did oh oh and speaking of ditto diddo diddo you ought to see you talk about
a disgrace tom jicca who used to be a good guy back before his vault spot and compass and
the parapadi right to come about Dennis Miller oh my gosh and he goes on and he talks about who's the
most rabidly conservative of any of the comedians and uh he says now before all you did ahead start
the writing me letters he says based on the way the countries mood is right now it's probably he's
probably the most in line i mean talk about a polish has him for a bunch of crap and also has to
apologize to the ditto heads time let me tell you you're not fooling anybody and this is a guy who
screams and wails about freedom of expression freedom of speech who you kidnittle Tommy jicca
you know George told me about the only good thing George ever did when it told me a long time ago
when i shot when i should have seen for myself about time jicca if i can find it
yeah Dennis Miller a real jack ball a real idiot
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it and he sure liven up money that football
i think that man it went over like a god damn pregnant pool ball like a squash ball
over the top of the empire state building he's a turd
here's how he would hello
Neil yes sir hello sir um i had recently i had befriended someone a long-haired hippie type and uh
you would think that he would be uh your average war protester yeah since back in the election
him and i have been arguing i did not understand why there was a dentist Miller he's got long here
long-haired guitar playing guy was so brainwashed by the bush administration wow
bush is going to do this and bush i showed him pictures of little haji with his arms gone
right he said oh well if it wasn't for president bush that how your children would be right now
what kind of rap is this oh and this is so i don't even i spent a fact that he was one of my
clients i refuse to do business with this guy good for you because of that stuff i have a
seventeen year old son and you know what he's interested in you know what i've been having him
listen to you i know when he gets out of school he doesn't catch all of you yeah but he's here
today and everything and i was wondering before you go maybe a little bit of visor just the bright
enough today okay you're appreciated Neil how about how about a preview oh i snorke
there you go have a great day pala miss condolence and buy me see yeah
what's your name again oh and the rumor is that she's going to run for governor california in
the two thousand six really that's true that's the rumor she's going to run for governor california
and there can be a chevron station on every street corner wow let's get some golf from the cvc
never played again but he won his first me first pro tournament oh right let's hear from
Mike we're the Canadian boy get that stuff off the front page you crazy people we got people
dying as SARS we got people in a panic about who we're going to attack next then it's probably
Syria we got all these things going on we got all the archaeological crap that they just
billions of dollars with the artifacts they destroyed and trashed and they're worried about golf
they're worried about freaking golf the national post to them okay that's my comment right wing rag
12 minutes passed and by the way to see one of masters who i'm asking a musical question is
Mike weird hey i'll tell you a couple of guys who aren't weird well they may be actually
time limit is probably a little bit weird that's why he likes to show but anyway you'll love time
limit and you'll create a hell of potty x mc because they treat you right they give you
unbeatable deals what's not to like and factor they got these deals going on right now at hell of
potty x mc nil deal number one you get 0% financing for 60 months on every potty ac or gmc and stock
nil deal number odose get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every new gmc and potty
ac and stock that is correct gets you up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every new car truck
in stock and nil deal number three if you're currently a gm smart leaser smart by customer
driver Chevy blazer and old verbato or gmc jimmy via or lease a new potty ac or gmc and get
an extra thousand dollars off the price stop by hell and test drive the all new and powerful potty
ac grand pre be sure and pronounce it right or they'll kick your ass out hell of potty ac gmc
either in one thirty four one south dixie highway that's u s one across in the falls and the
best part of the deal is they're open every day seven days a week and like i said no high
pressure no bs they give you great deals and treat you like a real bench for more information
called the nil deal hotline we've intended what that means call one trible eight five three four
forty two eleven that's one trible eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget
all nil deals has submitted credit approval cdler four details and hell of potty ac gmc who probably
say from the mountain tops we be professional great
five and a local this is five sixty three years old your
two and
two
hello Michael isor's office
i'm er
uh... yes sir
what the hell
go ahead finish it
what the hell
are you doing to me
are you available to me that's right
what did i do now sir
piglets big movie
yeah i like piglets big piece of pink
oh what an amazing success we're so proud of the animation in that
thing finished seven biser seven you know how much money we spent on that
runty little stuttering pig
uh... like eighty ninety million dollars
ninety three million dollars on piglet and open seven it's gonna take me nine months to make my
freaking money back but but but sir the animation is
all the animation is terrible i don't know what you're talking about
oh
hold on a minute
oh yes sir
i got remits outside my
i know how is that
remits
get here your phone
remits coming in
get here your phone
stop jerking
remits
what the hell you doing
putting in a drainage system above
a drainage system
you know a system of all the things with natural drains and ditches
you know used to drain off the plus water
i know what a drainage system is
remits
i don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven's sake i don't even have a water
pop
is there yes sir
by the way i forgot to ask how did the Oscars go
oh funny you should ask guys
they're not my next topic
was it an amazing time
what the hell
god had finished it
are you doing that
are you doing to me put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from alias
we figured she's on abc
i know what i figure i do it just for the hell that it'd be fun
i figure i get a little action afterwards
you know what she says to me
i'm married i can't do that
you're my boss i don't want to go down that door
hang on a minute there's an explosion in my office
all right
remits
go wrong
remits it's like i wreck
what the hell you doing to me
that blabbed through the wall
remits stop blasting through my walls
i'm trying to have a phone conversation with my pubs president
get away from me remits you stink like
go
come on move
hi sir
yes sir
hop a hell
are you doing okay
are you doing to me
but we'll all sir how did it go with Jennifer
it didn't i sir
i got nothing nothing nothing
nothing
you wouldn't even give me a handy
well so you are a married man
i am a lot
you sound like mini
i went home she said oh i saw it on stage with Jennifer
going up you love it so much
want to get married i said i don't want to marry her mini
i just want to
bring it back come on
remits
what are you doing
got my crew
well i'll get your crew out of here
i hear
yes sir
what the hell
are you doing to me
so if anybody missed the beginning of the show
Miguel stole Georgia's goods and his money to a treasure island
lest went to in Georgia's pretty parked off about it
damn over it
from 20 to 560 we're going to be taking that pool one of these days this week
about Georgia's who we put the muzzle on
Carlos votes yes
yeah
560
7.0.560 don't forget uh who was your favorite all time obscure recording artist
in honor of little Eva boy who died on friday at 8.59
i don't believe it we're so depressed about that
here's a call from i mean beach hello
hey puppy
yes sir this weekend i was at that uh
charity event that they do over in hollywood that little skinny guy from the uh
that station uh you know
talk about
no chicken chicken breast uh whatever thing chicken breast guy
a little skinny guy from the oh a while and under station mojita
oh footy
at goofy day yeah yeah so this uh lady comes up to think of
hey my my uh my daughter's group is going to perform next can you do me a favor
can you videotape it for us since you have a camera
so this guy you know seven years old he goes up on stage he sits in the corner
yeah waiting for them to go
footy comes up and who are you what are you doing here with his little list
the act
yeah those of them off stage has a man handle off of stage
really little old guy dude
what's up with that ego deal what is up you know he should have been on the list too
as far as ego he's an answer good point he's enough that okay we'll work on it
5605 that was pretty entertaining 560560 pound 560 this line they could consider
grounding its entire fleet oh yeah who's the
emerging cash some three million dollars us per day
cafe later so cafe airlines in uh in uh China
yeah just thinking about well the sourcing there aren't so many people visiting
chinese i just mentioned that in passing
here's a call from my e-mail hello hello how are you pretty good sir good uh
sort of make a comment to anybody who's listening and happen to
not know which side the fence on right now with the word for it
we did not wait the united government did uh
impose the sanctions the last 12 years on the Iraqi people
right and to claim that we care so much about the Iraqi people
they're so pressed and whatnot when the UN did a report on those sanctions
and in the last 10 years 500,000 children
starve to death right that's correct based on those sanctions from the US
government right so if anyone is listening right now
and you're pro-buretion you're pro-war you want to go
pick out all these countries preemptively just just think about the ration
out of this war this is just insane that's it thank you okay just just another
reminder folks a friendly reminder of all the misery that we are
heaped upon these people and the reason that most of them are living in such
squalor and grotesque conditions and without medical care and
that said all of these things and all the children that just
are wasted away and now of course they're going to have that good clean fresh
air to be then bagged in all around the country for years to come
in the water and a good pure water that
potable water always carry around with you a bunch of portable i mean potable
water this is the story i've alluded to before and i'm just about going to
forget about it don't do that the sponsor fatally stabbed in brawl over
New York City smoking ban this is uh your world maybe a
a bouncer at a Manhattan nightclub died yesterday after he was stabbed in a
brawl at police said began when he tried to enforce the city's new ban on
smoking and bars and restaurants talk about a militant smoker huh taking
it just a little of the degree further take it to the
nth degree dana blake 32.11 hours after the late night fight in an east village
nightclub police arrested two brothers Jonathan and Qing Chen
the brothers as in kin shortly after the fight and charge them with a salt
prosecutors hadn't decided yesterday whether they were upgraded churches because
of blake's death blake approached them at about two thirty and a
more in the time they couldn't smoke in the bar police spokesman Michael O'luny
said it was unclear whether one or both men were smoking you said
harsh words were exchanged in the brawl again when blake tried to eject
Jonathan Chan for disordering behavior witnesses told the police
blake was stabbed in the fight but was unclear who stabbed him or with what
O'luny be saying the smoking ban took effect last month
how do you like that can you please put that thing out
now militant smokers baby we had the militant non-smokers and other
smokers are getting even here's the fact that says
this weekend I tune in to QM thought I had Disney radio on
well if we had Disney radio on you know who'd be hosting all the show is
don't you yeah oh I said now what was that uh me
hey I honestly don't know who it was it's as I guess it could have been the
big oh I normally don't listen to them but there were a couple of kids
spewing about football I didn't stick around to find out who it was
it we put a lot of kids on a weekend because it's cheap and we can't make
any money on a weekend on the stations desperate not sure if you heard
this morning but on the most show Steve with a crazy boss in voice call
oh that's a stuttering Steve I hadn't heard him in a while but it was
hilarious with that stupid voice he was talking up how good the
Marlons attendance been so far this year compared last
and the best part before he finished as if they had any free tickets
all right nice going stuttering Steve and it says golees and blues
underneath okay at least in big trouble unless they win tonight here at the
Arcana the center even though the series is tied at a game of peace they
haven't shown up read through those first two games yet they've stunk they
stuck the joint out man fill houseley dotting old fool is what he is
and game number two yeah directly handed the flyers two goals on a plate
hey Phil on the end of the bench up in the stands in a press box hey a pat if you
play house they they were all leaving walking out
how much more hockey talk and as a matter of fact you'd be out hockey talk by a
mile and that pull yeah the sound of your voice all shut up so what we're
gonna do on the next Monday we'll have rimmer on to talk hockey I'll call them
up and Carlos will tie you up and put you in a corner you can go
here's Pembert Pines hello hello Neil yes sir have they found any weapons of
mass destruction yet no no no not yet but we're working on it we're working on
planning some you know it's funny yeah as a matter of fact
word that's what we're going to Syria now we're sure that they moved him over
the boy probably I like to listen to both sides liberal talk radio conservative
but it's funny when I listen to like Russia something oh that is funny it is
funny but he actually turned me into more of a moderate because I used to be
pretty conservative but when everything that went wrong on the face of the
planet was built Clinton's fault panel yeah lost its legitimacy and then of
course when Bill and Hillary were killing all those people those little babies
you know yeah it's funny how they're talking about this this left wing hatred for
Bush what about when Clinton was in there wasn't there a little bit of a
right wing yeah I haven't I mean I have seen a couple of input and peach Bush
uh bumper stickers and there was that little movement that never got off
the ground but I haven't seen that Congress trying to impeach the president
yet for an illegal invasion yeah it's just you know it's sad because I listen to
you and it's such vitriol from both sides I mean you know such hatred from both
that you know they're the right wing Nazis and there's the left wing
commie pink goes I mean it just gets to be nonsensical after while I mean if
Gore would have won the election would have been legitimate then no
absolutely not but I don't think if Gore would have won the election we wouldn't
have done it because Gore wasn't supported by the by the Nazis as you call him
who are behind this president Richard Purlink I don't know the new with Gore
neither does Wolfowitz or your Rumsfeld or Cheney Rand those people
it's pop of Bush part two all over again baby have a great day thanks
27th he said you too I can't stand them man at the Irish or backpipe music 27 past
no at 560 QAM
that's the too much violence too much pain if you're a scaredy-header watch the
premises you know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are
closing down on all those great websites we've become a custom too well we still
have the US Postal Service to rely on so now at the time to join the Nazi of the
Month Club for just eight ninety nine a month you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi
pastor president the particular group C-Hate and any subversive activity they may be planning
so no matter what the racial religion or ethnic group you hate Nazi of the month is right
up your alley just call 1-800-PN-Head to order order today and get your very own synthetic
enough mustache to impress your friends absolutely free that's 1-800-PN-Head order today
raki prisoners and terrorists in their country and saying that he expected that there should be some
cooperation between Syria on these points and he indicated the same kind of warnings that we've
heard before several months ago when of course the issue then was around there you go Syria's next
baby we got our thumb on it right out spot on the map take a look at your man just to the west
there right between Jordan and heart place 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only AT&T and Verizon wireless line
oh the story from about die corp policing Iraq the facts that we just had we tell
beena boy let's get that on the website you have that still have what the facts the first came
in on right yes no the one that you sent me you still have that yeah that too anyway here's
the photographs tell the story this is from what is this information clearinghouse.com
is the medium manipulation on the grand scale and yes the the occupation has begun it says and it
shows the pictures of the tearing down of the statue in Baghdad the scene looked like the fall of
the Berlin Wall in a course not because it shows that it says the area circle and red is where the
marines the and I can't read this part of it's chopped off but the fact of the matter is that
they're just a handful of people it pulls down statue there's almost nobody there fun anyway
you know just take a look at it and then you make up your own mind okay so we're not going to talk
about fat fascist and nazis and left wingers and right wingers and are we yes sure we are
well I'm going to try to tell you that a long time ago before these goose steppers venon
stole the election I tried to warn you but no a lot of you silly old people in Palm Beach voted
for Pat Buchanan who like you said last two weeks ago is starting to look a lot better now
trade but there's Ari Fleischer in Asia oh no that happy to take your questions so close to lunchtime
too you know there ought to be a log against that I think that everybody in America should have
a button to press him and he sees that the coast is clear and everybody's eaten as much as they
possible now actually be four lunchtime then we can all lose some weight that way five six seven
oh five sixty pound five six six seven
that'd be a good pull question is the worst self-hating faggot five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and for eyes and line here's a call from Delray Beach hello
okay long gone oh I'm out of line like I said long gone on nine yeah it is long gone how's
her well doing here's Delray hello okay thank you okay five six seven oh five sixty lots of
open lines in this board all of a sudden what just happened there huh there's what the hell just
happened now we're getting little punks hung in because they're out of school today right this we
got to pay soft starting on Wednesday we got good Friday this week we got Franklin Graham gotta
go come by and convert all you Jews and heathen bastards here's Miami hello
and he'll have to go yes sir oh with all his words are going on I thought I might mention
wasn't that a beautiful goal reddit of war at God in the third period yesterday in that game
in the game and I see they won three to two yeah I mean I haven't watched hockey in a while but
during the playoffs and I can't resist it it's the best thing to watch I mean they got one goal
then Devorek goes on a breakaway he passes the putt or is it a goal I mean it was
oh we're screaming rat attack were you doing the rat attack thing and thrown
away rats are right through rats I threw chickens I threw them up I had a rubber chicken everything but I
mean that it made me sad thinking that he used to play in a panthers uniform and all look at
it all look at all the outstanding players that used to play in a panther uniform it is grotesque
yeah yeah just wanted to call let you know that uh panthers fucking I still have my jersey and I
still wear it but they say go to a game I don't even know who's on the ice anymore I don't blame
you well somebody or prouncing names for you have a great day pali go leave school go leave
school get that feel houseley off the ice scrape him up get that old man back to the nursing
home where he belongs come on pat team is full enough like an accordion just at the wrong time
this ain't the time to start playing fast and loose okay because all the people in this town are
screaming cup they want the cup you want the cup net 24 till one at five sixty w Jim
manage to I'm sure it's going to be very hockey intensive even though me she can lost the
national that bigger college tournament got eliminated in the frozen for by Minnesota who went
underwent a championship for the second year in a row sorry about me she again mad dog I was
rooting for Minnesota myself here's a call from Davy hello yeah I'm ill yes sir George
but I keep said we should melt down the sit down statue and make it part of the world trade center
memorial uh-huh and then I heard someone say you like it's okay as we like this is to show the
world that Americans can tell the difference between one Arab and another yeah pound five sixty on
the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call from Tamarack hello
for the like I said Tamarack where the meeting age is death plus 10 well your people are really
worked up today aren't they they're all pissed off because we haven't invaded Cuba next they
thought that would be the next one list gotta do that before serious I mean come on now now
let's get cereal here's a call from hi alia hello oh there's liberal clock oh my god oh she is
always tried not to whispering this time I see a little bit better here's Davy hello hello yes sir
me yes I am um I listen to your show man I like your show but uh but what's up what's up with
George peanut boy Miguel they all found the same man they all found the same man it's
so they put it out of the same cloth you know we're all cut out of the same mold yeah and the other
thing is they came in on the same raft how about how about the moon is how about getting some free tickets
yeah how about it call them up and see if they'll give you any five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T now we're getting the intellectual part of the show I've missed that
the first two and a half hours three or whatever was first fifty hours and now we're getting
the good intellectuals in there great keep it up baby let's bring them on there's a reflisher
need not says Syria does have weapons of mass destruction seriously about their oh no program to
develop have chemical weapons I think it's time for them to think through where they want their
place to be in the world yeah where do you want your place where do you want how about our
peace in the world to be right on your head they recover up their gigantic glaring balls by
god is he going on my nerves five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty we're waiting
for the real intellectuals to call in crawl springs hello hi don't know okay sir uh getting back to
today he was talking about that bitch that they put in charge with the reconstruction of a rack
right okay there was a real good uh documentary done about the heroes with a world trade center
the guy who was the in charge of security for the towers he was one of the former FBI agents that
were sent to Yemen right and he died on the one right right and he was the one that got him
taken off the case in Yemen because he was putting a lot of pressure on it right we we talked
about that at the time you know it was unbelievable that she was the one that it was responsible
for the night right happening in the first place right it was it was just disgusting and then
to know that she's going to be in charge of trying to rebuild all that stuff it's very
if she's going to be in the equivalent to the mayor of Baghdad right it's just crazy and that guy
he had a chance to get out of the building but he went back up to try to get a few people she could
get out of there and he paid for it what is life yeah so for me it doesn't make any sense anybody who
has any type of uh like cahana you know should email the government saying we don't want this girl
to be in charge of that she screwed up in Yemen and now what do you think she's going to do in Iraq
well between shalabi and her and uh james woosey and all of these uh crazy people are putting a
real good bunch into that that alone should tell everybody what this is all about yes sir and that's
right the next election hopefully they'll wake up okay and you too and i'll see you in cell number 24
when it come and take us all away 20 to 1 at 560 q a m
i'm out of here
the temperature is zero
it is cold it is so freaking cold
and i cringe every time the wind blows in my pants something is shrinking
i'm so cold i can't lip sync
that's because it's zero baby
there's a tingling in my fingers
and my pride that parts approach
oh
follow
there's a cloud
every time that i call in my hands are blue
they are turning numb
they might have you date my phone
i'm the label
that's because it's zero baby
i can bear
i'm a red hot like the lover
but first i need to be thrown out
i'm kind of like cheerleading on me
yes i need to be thrown out
i've been just still having checked out cheerleading passion planning
nope
yeah
idiot
1246 i'll take you one thing and what we're gonna do to get even for 911 we're gonna kill
go into Iraq kill some people in a syria
kill some people into our ran
kill some people in a jordan
kill some people
go into Cuba
kill some people
go into a massive people
kill some people right
that's like bag bad the mask is located on the series
of gently rolling hills
the bombing will be much more interesting to watch
uh remember we uh oh goody remember we have to break a few eggs if we're
gonna make an omelette
i love that line
all the good news is you'll be it hold on to your seat tight
all oil fields in Iraq are now controlled by the coalition
oh
oh yeah
there's the good news that's what we've been waiting for that report
the west troop support that all oil fields in Iraq are under control of the
coalitions
so his kneel god i'm sitting here in my jazzy with the biggest smile on my
face in the years he's got a smile on his pus
and his face too
in 1997 i lost track you when i became broled in a bitter divorce and moved
i used to listen to the hey listen don't do it again Michael
don't get hooked up with him nasty smelly bitches
just as George will tell you i used to listen to while making my deliveries
for my business and no sucking up here it always made my day in two thousand
oh this is this did you read this yes in two thousand i lost my right leg
above the knee due to a blood clot from complication of surgery a special note
to you don't take viox it causes massive bleeding without notice in some
people well that's just what i eat now talk about turning purple
and in his dish in which doctor dick or doctor whatever the hell is name was he
actually gave me box at one time and then i read the uh
anyways is now i have only one leg and a half and a
one leg and a half and a quarter why what does that mean only a leg and a half
and a quarter do you know what that means no
means he's got twenty five percent i guess and i'm confined to my home most of
the time sorry to hear that my mykey
alas while searching the internet i found you again and kneel god it's great
to hear you again he says yeah god i met you once in a promotion and
clear what are you doing any uh things this way soon no but uh hang in there my
key good lucky pound and glad you found us and we found you and that's sweet
honey so sweet the news about his leg and viox but if i go start popping all this
crap and you're out because you're doctor your butcher is down in a
florida which most of them are well thank god for my good close friend doctor
a hamptons she is great oh you don't know that's right you were i went and
sorry again before i came back here well good
and she looked in my nose and she said uh she looked all around
god god i'm fighting that's what she said my my deviated septum is like she
said it's like a crooked is a road map it's all over the place
says crooked is the u.s. government and asked me if i left the ears open up yet
has your no no but i'm working on it and at the legroom taking like more
legra now and i think it's helping me real good and i feel great man it's
gonna be 70 day here in Toronto and 79 tomorrow
i just mentioned that i know you don't care and the uh
checks too all three of them really now there's a bunch
608 votes on a pool of it to Carlos is pretty excited about that we had
the what do we have on friday
kept asking his old wow which of these things will you remember most about this
aracotac we asked on neo-ranges.com we still have those gross pictures on
there which everybody does need to see whether you like it or not
you can get a real good idea of what this what war is really all about as opposed
to this very sanitary thing with all these glorious photo opportunities
and there was just a number of statistic on a page
i know it's terrible to say but uh we invaded them
they weren't gonna invade us they weren't any threat to us they weren't any
threat to the bridge or anybody else and we still haven't found any uh
weapons of mass destruction we found some pesticides them
we did find some pesticides so if uh we're bugging the people we can like
eliminate that. hey they could have sold those to the terrorists and they could have
put them in our water. that's a good point and of course they could have put it
in their water if they had any. the 609 votes the biased reporting
matured in the viral media 178 say that 29.2% the great job by
military 108 the Iraqi Information Minister's Daily Comedy 105 the
thousands of dead and wounded people 93 that should be number one by a mile
of course but uh you're insensitive bastards we understand that
uh tearing down the statues of Sodom 78 the looting in chaos 23
the rescue of the POWs like the seven we got yesterday
17 and the Sodom doubles doing photo ops only seven
i guess clown Sodom is a hankering it hired but the Iraqi Information Minister
Willow he was i'm telling you he was a whoo all uh letter letterman and
Leonard right he led the dude on the routines about him he's great
he'd be the best man put him on tv okay he'll tell you how great president
bushes these are rocket scientists we could work for them right
exactly you have two thousand dollars more on a credit card if so listen to this
dedicated consumer counseling will help you and across you nothing dedicated is a
nonprofit company to contact the companies you will money to and they can cut
your payments in half call this number please do yourself a favor call one
eight hundred four no death that's one eight hundred the number four and the
letters n-o-d-e-b-t dedicated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate
your late fees and save your credit and cost you nothing the bank pays
dedicated and you pay zero so if you're like uh Enrique said zero
so if you've had a battling credit card debt call dedicated right now one eight
hundred the number four and no death that's no debt call and find out how
dedicated you can help you out you've got nothing to lose if you've had it with
credit card debt high interest rates and late fees you have dedicated
consumer counseling you're trying to handle it from there
call dedicated right now one eight hundred four no debt and don't forget it cost
you as they say in the showbiz zip any doodah call one eight hundred the number
four and no death for dedicated consumer counseling
lie in local your sports radio five sixes you and you
am oh you're so big
the Middle East there's words will be exploded to
dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him
first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be
spilled to get that oil going forget about
Korea the note there's no
number four right week is drilling it over and over and to our
hit at the rag has some
weapons of mass destruction
let's go with the energy
you have to wait here but wait a second
three thousand people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
hate their oil to be counted going after sedum too
plain kato samah there's no longer mention of
the name in law this but no it seems concerned all
I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that
controls us by fear through the am manipulation and the right wing is
drilling it over and over and to our head
that I rag this up weapons of mass destruction
oil
the
the loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're also
specced now not the ascrop this saying I have nothing to hide
table parkers all are sails blind obedient cattle don't have any
reservations out of provoked battle and world annihilation
old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all
and my craft don't have a bomb and the right wing is drilling it over and over
and to our parade watch pants I rag has some
weapons of mass destruction
only I rag has some weapons of mass destruction
oh my god
oh okay now listen let's make a list of all the countries in the world to have
weapons of mass destruction we think or pretty sure okay okay
France right Germany right Russia China North Korea South Korea
Luxembourg Netherlands and Dora Finland Greece Canada Italy
Mexico Canada we don't have any Mexico I think they're in your
apartment Venezuela yeah I have weapons of gas
destruction right here right on my seat honey like that
like that you little split bastard anyway that seems to be the new thing
and this guy that was on there before was a hawk and about to wow you know
all they got to do is bring up the same thing and a congress will roll over
and play dead which they probably will you really believe that they're
gonna like sit still for this yes huh how many times is this line going to
work anyway anyway we've got a man of great stature from coast to coast coming
up next ran into with the airport at mi a yesterday he's coming in from
Detroit I'm leaving for Toronto and areas with a look on his push man talk
about green lizards certainly we're gonna new name for him you know we're off
the red nose reindeer yeah we got mad dog the red nose
next
yeah
I vagina really gets my panties in a lot
