It's the holidays we're all taking off we're getting the hell out of here.
That's a good idea.
Alright, let's just leave.
Today was something very, very important.
Okay, turn your radios up very, very loud.
Put your ear right by the speaker.
The hurricane, f***ing blow!
Come here.
To a big ugly concrete building near you.
Stolich Noya presents George.
The hurricane causes it's the let's get drunk and puke towards.
I took a load.
Yeah, when nobody is.
Wait till you see the clean up costs for this one.
Oh, what's the wagon and on the road?
I ain't seen my fever since the night before I had.
Gotta get a drink, man.
I'm gonna get gas.
Gonna get high, man.
I ain't had enough.
Leave me a triple shot of that stuff.
Gonna get drunk on, so this is right here.
I want one turn, one time, one beer, one beer.
One beer, one beer.
Sponsored by Johnny Walker.
Johnny Walker Black.
And Johnny, two drunk to stand with low-line.
Truffside chicken's available now.
George Thurougher.
Cause if you don't stop, they're gonna.
I'm gonna leave.
The bed spins are about to begin.
George Thurougher, good.
Toss it up in your town.
The shit.
10-2-560 W.C.M. Happy Tuesday.
Happy Turkey to you.
Like I said, it's the holidays.
Let's just kind of like screw up this week.
What's the best?
We're gonna coast to play a lot of bits.
There's nobody in town anyway.
Some people just are, you know, can't get out.
People down on their luck.
Who are you talking about?
You guys.
1264 votes on a poll from yesterday.
Which of these well-known blacks?
Which of these well-known dark folks?
Is the biggest impediment to race relations, you think?
Louis Ferrican wins hands down your pants, baby.
553. They're ain't nobody close to O'Lui.
Is that how you stole that name?
Cause I never knew.
No, actually it's K-H-A-N.
But we got the right letters in here, so I'm gonna pick.
Okay, it's pretty close.
I never did.
553. Close enough for us white folks.
Jesse Jackson 309.
Al Sharpton 193.
Never care what anybody says, even though I can't stand him.
He still does good in those debates, you know what?
That would have been.
No, no, he is. He's a great speaker.
He's articulate.
He knows what he's talking about.
He's just an asshole.
Right.
I tell you, if he was a little less asshole,
he might like a...
Backima.
O.J. Simpson 78.
Dion Sanders.
Neon Dion had only 63.
That was another bad piece of spelling.
I don't know how you spell his name.
I think it's DEI-O-N.
I believe.
I don't know.
But no matter how you spell it, he's still a jivess of Pimp.
63 for Dion Dion.
What?
Oh, no.
No, he is.
He just...
You call it a serial laugh, but you're not a football person,
so you don't watch the pre-gamesure that they have on CBS,
the NFL today, on Sunday.
No, but I saw that before.
You just...
You would say to yourself, how can they let him go on there
and do that jivess act?
If anybody else did that, they'd say,
man, that's racist, that crap, you know?
And it is.
Johnny's Cochran 35, who's making a round the course,
we're Larry King, you know, Larry.
I guess it's Madonna.
Yeah, okay.
Michael Jackson will be 33.
But we got Michael Jackson's stories up the ass today.
I'll tell you that.
Out of 1200, almost 1,300 votes.
That was yesterday's pull.
We got two polls today.
The first one probably won't get a lot of response,
but I'm just kind of curious.
I think I should do this story first before anything else.
So we want to keep it light, don't we?
Especially in light of the fact,
oh, there's the guy you were talking about is online right now.
Here's Miami, hello.
How was Al Sharpen half-time?
See, that is him.
I thought that's him.
The Pido file.
Right, that's the guy.
Oh, he's going to be very upset when he hears about Jonathan Brandis
was hung.
And he missed out.
But we'll get to that later on.
But we actually have, yesterday, George,
without sick and I invited the audience to call in
and rip you an ass, and to be very excited to hear that
there was only one guy done it.
You know what I was the one that hates you like poison?
Nobody else ripped you an ass.
Or even like an armpit or anything else.
I must be slipping.
You must be slipping or maybe they're like,
finally catching on you, but I doubt that.
But we have a couple of people who called yesterday,
and I noticed now, I've posted this before to show
there's a new phenomenon.
And it's a very ugly one too,
and it ain't going to happen on this show.
We have a new core of chronic's now who want to turn this show
into like light bulb junior.
Or light bulb senior, I guess.
And like, goose the demographic of about 30 years.
Ain't going to happen.
Turn it into like heavy heavy.
I mean, it's one thing for me to sit here
and talk about some of the stuff that's going on in the world.
The heavy duty stuff we got on our website,
if you want to have, if you're IQ larger than your thumbnail,
go on there and read it or have somebody read it to you.
But if you think we're going to turn this show into like gloom and doom,
life and death, forget about that.
And ain't going to happen.
We're not going to change anything anyway.
And some of you new chronic's, man,
like that, I would add L Franken book.
I'd like to burn the L Franken book right in that guy's ass.
Makes a great coaster.
No, it's just like I like to take the whole thing
and just shove it up his ass and then set it on fire.
Just turn it into like a human fire cracker.
Kill this, that lamb.
Remember that?
Well, sure you do.
That awful, awful, awful, awful day when I chapter about Sean Hannity.
I wouldn't wish that on Mo.
That's a big, big, big one.
He's saying a lot.
I wouldn't wish it on his sorry old pathetic ass.
Read it.
Oh, Warren Spawn is dead.
That's some bad news.
You know, Warren Spawn?
No.
Great left-hander from the Milwaukee Braves.
21 seasons, one pair of 163 games he died in his home
of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
He was 82.
One of the real greats of all time, Warren Spawn.
He's dead.
I just understand passing.
I don't know, you don't give a crack.
He passed.
He passed gas.
Death of Jonathan Brandis ruled a suicide before we get
to this bokeh stirrer, which will take the first pull on.
The death of 27.
And I will, before I get to this, I will admit I did watch
a Larry King last night, the entire show, which I can't stand
Larry King, as you know, he makes me nauseous.
But, and I know I'm one of the few people who will be honest
about this because you all lie through your teeth.
It's just not, it's not acceptable to do it.
Long me, Christy Doth.
But the fact that it matters is the Michael Jackson stuff.
You just can't turn it off.
I mean, I'm not like surging for it, but when your channel surfing
and there's the panel, we got the panel, you know.
And there's, what's your name again, Nancy Grace?
Okay.
And who else was on the panel?
Some people I don't know who they were.
And then some fruitcake who writes for some celebrity magazines,
some real screaming queen.
And they're all going, don't be 50 dollars.
Michael, and Johnny Cockney was on there too.
And you just can't turn it off.
It's like the old thing all over again, only magnified times 10.
You did what?
I can. I can turn it off.
I didn't.
I can't. Who are your full of crap?
No, no, no.
The death of 2070-year-old actor Jonathan Brandis,
who starred in two seasons of Steven Spielberg's Sequest DSV,
was a suicide.
The county coroner's office in LAS today.
Brandis, who died November 12, hung himself.
The coroner said he was hung.
Brandis, now why are you happy about that?
Just because he was a little fruity looking?
No, not because of that.
Suicide people make me ill.
Oh. Brandis started his career in commercials and on TV,
landing a recurring role on the soap.
One life delivered age six.
They got him off the soap because he kept dropping it.
He also made guest appearances on L.A. Law,
who's the boss and murder she wrote.
His film credits include,
Rulestering Rule 1991's The Never Ending Story.
The next chapter,
The Rodney Dangerfield Comedy Lady Bugs,
and The Marshall Arts Comedy Sidekicks with Chuck Norris.
Yeah, when I think of Chuck Norris,
I always think of Jonathan Brandis.
Don't you?
Yeah.
Kind of guy.
Jonathan Brandis's dead.
He was hung.
Hung himself.
Suicide.
I want to take a little shot.
Probably got some of them,
Peter Farletters that you've been reading.
I thought we'd keep it in the mail.
From that guy that called our first caller,
line nine.
I beg to that's him on there right now.
Now, here's this story.
We're going to take a pool on it,
even though there are some people out there don't know the story.
A bokeh man pleaded innocent yesterday
to charges that he fatally shot a teenager
who was playing a midnight prank at his home.
Jay Steven Levin, or is it Levin?
Well, whatever.
A 40-year-old accountant appeared in court
with celebrity attorney Roy Black.
Best known for successfully defending William Kennedy Smith
on a rate charge in Palm Beach County
and as an NBC commentator.
Levin who's under house arrest
to charge with manslaughter with a firearm
in the death of 16-year-old Mark Drew's,
he could be sentenced to probation
or up to 30 years in prison if convicted.
This was a horrible tragedy for the young man involved
and for Jay, Black sat outside a court minutes after the brief hearing.
Drew's and a friend were knocking on neighbors' doors
and running away around midnight October 24th
when Levin said he mistook
these six-foot two-teen for a burglar
and thought he saw something in Drew's hand.
According to Sheriff's reports,
Levin answered the knock on his door,
armed with a handgun and shot the teen in the back.
He then called 911 and told him this factory
he had just shot an intruder.
Black said Levin saw a menacing figure
who appeared to have a gun himself.
This is not a situation where he deliberately intended
to kill someone Black City with defending his home.
Today in South Florida,
we're all well aware of the home in patients,
burglaries, and robberies.
Drew's parents had urged neighbors in their middle-class community
to press data to turn a very cursor-crisher
to charge Levin with second-degree murder for killing
their son, especially since the teen was shot in the back.
And I tend very, very enthusiastically to agree with them.
Yes.
Drew's ran from Levin's home and collapsed
a few hundred feet away in front of another home in the neighborhood.
He died at a hospital hours later from a single gunshot wound.
See, if somebody is breaking into your house, actually,
that's a whole different ball of wax.
Right.
If somebody actually represents a threat to you,
your family, or whatever, your little dog,
then why all means you have a right?
But the idea that, well, you thought he might have been dangerous,
and you're all psychotic because you had a couple of these episodes before.
Therefore, somehow that excuses shooting somebody in the back.
No.
You know, some drove his witnesses came to the house a week ago.
Well, that now seemed like I do put an asterisk though,
in that case I do make an exception.
They did have something dangerous in their hand, a bottle.
Any peddlers of religious bull crap,
your entitled will give you an exemption right now.
If they come to your home again, a blast away.
So they can meet their maker.
Is that what they want anyway?
They want to meet their Marvin Maker.
Here's pool number one.
He's still driving him on a cello, I think, Marvin Maker.
What's your take on, J. Levin, the Boca man,
who's shot and killed a teenager who was a prankster.
He's charged with manslaughter.
Here's the four choices on the pool.
He should get the maximum sentence, which, of course, is,
to stop third, man.
He should have gotten a murder charge.
Well, we should change that, didn't we?
Well, we've got to not cause there's already got to, huh?
I've already voted for that.
Oh, here, I would be second to remurder, but that's the same thing.
He had a right to defend his home, let him go,
or I haven't heard about this story.
Because obviously they're going to be some people.
This isn't exactly on the same level with Michael Jackson, right?
Right or that, one armed cheer, a surfer girl.
Or like Prince is Charlie,
who's a buggering idiot.
What a surprise.
A buttonhole idiot.
Well, you know, they're worlds.
When you start wearing the kills, it starts, you know,
and then the wind keeps blowing to kill something
that your strange thing happens.
Let's keep that blue blood.
Brack them.
Anyway, look at that.
There's 21 votes on there already.
I can't believe that.
He should have gotten a murder charge eight.
He had a right to defend his home, let him go six.
No, I haven't heard this story for,
and he should get the maximum sentence three,
which is about 30, man.
30 years.
He could get probationer up to 30 years in prison,
depending on how this flies.
My prediction is he's going to get the offer to slap on the wrist.
Right.
Because he's got Roy Black.
Obviously he's got some money.
He got a hot shot attorney.
And that's what it all boils down to.
If you get a hot shot attorney, you like walk away.
You'll get a suspended sentence.
You know, the dream team, all of a sudden,
psychotic crap.
The dream team.
Stop and think about how stupid that is.
Oh, oh, he's got the dream team.
It kind of reminds me like of Neon Tian on the Primetime Tour.
Don't you see it the similar either?
Yeah.
Everything in some stupid ass cliche.
Some reducing it to the level of the most incredible
vanity humanly possible.
But nevertheless, 12 minutes past 10 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy holidays to you.
We're just goofing around this week in case you haven't noticed.
Are we?
Maybe you're already me.
Right.
That's all we're doing.
We're just goofing around.
Have a good time.
Hey, if you're not having too good of a time
because your hair is falling out,
you got a big ugly bald spot.
Here's the answer for it.
And you know by now, everybody out there is trying to
tell you some kind of a hairdial.
Everybody and their brother is in a hair business.
In fact, I think what they do is they collect muskrats
and they pedal them to the public like they wanted somebody we know about.
Absolutely.
But if you want to look better than that,
if you want to look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again,
there's only one guy got to be talking to.
And that's our good, close personal pie,
on Charles Alfieery.
He's been doing it for a coons age for over 25 years,
working with a famous, not so famous,
and everybody in between.
Because number one, his system not only is affordable,
but looks great.
So even if you have millions and billions,
you can't get a better looking head of hair than Charles Alfieery's natural
hairline system.
And you have nothing to lose, but your shiny bald spot,
because here's the deal.
Everybody gets Charlie's famous 30-day guarantee.
How many days?
About 30, man.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days,
if you're not getting more action, then you can handle.
Charlie will give you a full refund.
No questions asked.
And when you mention the arigis, when you make the call,
you'll get an extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price.
So pick up that telephone and call toll free,
1-800-321-2413.
If you really want to look great again,
forget about all the other guys with their silly phony pills
and their holes in the head and the muskrats,
forget about that.
1-800-321-2413, or check onto that website at Charles Alfieery.com.
My, my, and local, your sports video,
FICE is the QAM.
Q-Q-A-M, go f**k yourself.
I guess it's Madonna.
Yeah.
You were a singer, you were an actress.
Sure.
You were a mother.
Yeah.
But emphasis is first children.
No, no, it's my emphasis.
My priority is ask.
Very important.
Very important.
You know, if you could do only one thing,
it would be.
Go down.
You've always been good at that, right?
How much is it?
Totally.
People like to see you go down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you alright, writing too?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Love it.
Have a work.
Back with more, don't go away.
And bring a hankerchief on the tissue or two.
Okay, it's official.
The rate of Medicare is over now.
Medicare Overhaul clears the Senate by 54 to 44 vote.
And she said it about that.
Oh, yeah.
So we're going to be privatizing it.
We're going to be like,
given the seniors these discount cards,
they can apply forward next year,
which means they can get up to 25% off the retail price
of prescription drugs,
which are already like triple what they ought to be.
So we multiply times three and you take 25% off.
You've got a real bargain, right?
No.
No.
Just unbelievable.
And let's see.
Does it say in this article from CNN,
who been over, let's see,
does it have Senator Orrin Snatch?
There's a real chigger in the Woodpile for you right there.
No, this doesn't list the Democrats that ruled over it.
Senator DeDien Feinstein said she voted for it,
not because it's perfect,
but because I believe it'll bring needed help to my state.
What?
At any rate, it's bad news is what it is.
Bad bad news.
But there you go.
As they jam it down the throughts again
and pedal a bunch of crap and they ARP.
Those people are really,
they ought to be put to sleep, the ARP.
They'll be gone soon.
Stab their constituents right in the back.
But that's the way it goes in America.
Maybe everybody rolls over and plays dead.
Glenn Campbell faces DUI in a salt charges.
Not Glenn Campbell.
Good old All-American Glenn Campbell.
Yeah.
I've never heard of,
in the last 20 years,
anybody heard of Glenn Campbell doing anything?
No.
I mean, we know who Glenn Campbell is, though.
Sure.
Country singer Glenn Campbell spent several hours in a Maricopa County's
jail cell Monday on drug and driving,
hit and run, a salt charges after a series of incidents,
police say,
with a minor car wreck near his home in penis, Arizona.
Campbell finally went home after a magistrate said a $2,000 bond early Tuesday,
meaning today, in order him to submit to alcohol and drug monitoring
until his next quarter period.
That little bit of a booze problem.
Police said Campbell's mood swung from combative to congenial and back to combative,
including a kicking assault on a sergeant,
and a short jailhouse concert.
Wasn't that nice?
That wasn't white of him.
It began around 5 p.m. local time when a silver BMW crashed into a white Toyota
Camry while making a turn at a Phoenix intersection,
according to penis police sergeant Randy Force.
No one was heard in the two car collision.
A witness followed the BMW and kept going,
finally turning into the Bill Moore State's neighborhood,
where it was parked at Campbell's home, for a set.
Police learned it when the witness called him on a cell phone,
knocked him Campbell's door.
He opened the door and said,
Police arrested Campbell on suspicion of the UI,
because of his demeanor and appearance,
including a strong odor of intoxicating beverages on his breath.
I can't stand that.
You know what, booze breath?
On girl, man.
No, I get a lot.
Oh, no.
Campbell became combative as police placed him in a patrol car,
stricken at the car door for a set.
At the jail, he used his knee to kick the upper right thigh of a police sergeant.
He need him.
He's got five minutes for kneeing and a game of sconduct.
It could have been a lot worse if the sergeant had in turn,
because the target was not...
How about those leaves, by the way, huh?
Sweet and bad cover home in home,
and even the Panthers won last night in front of about 40 people.
Wow, that was to talk about a sparse crowd.
I put it there's nobody in town.
You keep arguing with me.
Sorry.
There's nobody there.
Well, there sure was nobody at the Macarena last night.
How many people do you think showed up?
About 30, man.
He would go from combat of the congenial force set about Glenn Campbell.
When his mood swung to the friendly side, he would sing.
When it swung to the other direction, he began kicking the holding cell door,
and cursing jaylers.
One of the charges is for extreme drunk and driving.
Not just your regular ordinary pedestrian drunk and driving,
but extreme drunk and driving, which is applied when a driver has a blood apple
counted over 0.15.
The illegal limiterazon is 0.08.
And yada yada.
So there you go.
Glenn Campbell, we got a little liquor out there.
A lot of hell not.
You know?
Probably singing Wichita alignment.
Those people in the public begging him, please, get him out of here.
Now, I got...
Which Michael Jackson's stories do we start with?
You know what?
And you people out there are going to say, oh no, we don't want to hear all that
Michael Jackson stuff.
Yes, you do.
Don't they?
Yeah, they do.
They do.
We got the love letters to the boy.
We got the fact that he started last February.
He was already hired Mark Garagos and a private detective last February
to start investigating this woman and to start digging up dirt and covering his ass.
Now, of course, when you're innocent, you do things like that.
Don't you?
Of course.
Well, you know, you got nothing to hide.
You know, of course, for those little sneaky rooms that they...
What do they call them?
The secret rooms.
The secret rooms in Michael's bedroom or off his bedroom or underneath are over on top
and aside and under whatever.
Follow the court.
Secret rooms to the layer of love.
And of course, we all know what they do in the secret room.
Just rub it.
Just rub it.
Yeah, it's rubber rub.
Just rub it.
That's what they do.
Rubber rubber rubber.
Let's hop in the tubba.
Just rub it.
And have them give you a little bath.
See, this business where people are trying to say, including Johnny Cochrane,
and who try to make it into a racial thing again, it just makes me nauseous.
I can't stand anybody whether they're white or black.
I want to turn everything into a racial thing.
I got nothing to do with race like I said.
He's wider than most of us.
So don't give me a solid answer about it.
Say, it's a race thing.
Bull crap.
It's a pedophile thing is what it is.
Michael said it was just a little thing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen, why you always talk bad about black people, man?
Why?
What are you talking about?
Yeah, you know what?
Why don't you just shove your phone up your ass?
How did you shove this?
Okay, my dark, complex, asshole friend.
See, there you go.
There's a guy again, making it into a racial thing.
What I just get through saying is that he's white.
Yeah, well, if you wouldn't stop.
See, this is the Johnny Cochrane thing all over again.
You just don't get it.
When black people, I hate to break the news, you see, sir.
Ted Bundy was white.
John Wayne Gacy was white.
David Berkerwitz was white.
Nobody said, oh, you're picking on white people again.
But every time a black scumbag commits some kind of a crime,
oh, it's a racial thing.
And how come you always talk bad about black people?
What kind of garbage is that?
I like Carol Mosley-Bron a lot.
She's black.
Okay?
She ain't going to get no votes, but she's black.
She's a nice person.
Mm-hmm.
I even like Al Sharpton a little bit,
even though sometimes he's an asshole.
But what I say before about who does the best in those debates.
What do I tell you?
Al Sharpton.
He talks circles around him, a white boy, a name debates.
Even though he's like I said, the...
in love case.
Well, stop talking bad about them.
Oh, that's right.
I shouldn't have said that.
Well, I'm trying not to be perfect.
Why don't you get a life, my dark, conflicted friend?
Why don't you get with it and stop defending everybody
just because of their skin color, okay?
It's stupid.
It's not the act of intelligent person.
It's an act of a moron.
You know what I mean?
Absolute...
Mooo!
Absolutely.
Remember that show, the moron and Ron show?
Oh, yeah.
How did they...
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
That guy's a moron.
Don't be talking bad about dark folks now.
That guy's going to get upset.
Actually, what I was going to tell you is that I think this whole Michael Jackson thing
is we got to be very careful.
Probably something that's to grab the public's attention because how feverishly we're looking at it.
There's probably some real dirty stuff going on because remember, with Monica Lewinsky and Venus Goethe
had the stuff going on to break down on the talks with North Korea.
It was all to get the public's mind off it.
Yeah.
I think this is...
I mean, I hate to say this conspiracy.
It was all to get the public's mind off the break down of the talks with North Korea.
Well, the Venus cake was back with...
Venus cake was back with....
Yeah.
So, what do you say, sir?
5,670560, POM 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Flame.
We're two for two today, baby!
Oh!
Get the public's mind off, if I break down the talks with North Korea.
So, we had Venus gate.
You followed Logic and that?
No, but these are just practice shows anyway.
So we're just having a good time like I said.
So whatever you have to say, make it amusing,
like these first two.
Here is, what does that say, Oakland Park?
Hello.
Hey, now, yes, sir.
Hey, I'm getting back to that drug companies and so forth.
I used to work for a pharmacy.
And the average markup was like 100 to 1,000% markup
on their drugs.
Right.
It's incredible how much markup per day.
And you'll notice why they feverishly just
prior to the signing of this rape bill that they passed today.
They feverishly worked on this thing about people
getting their prescription drugs from Canada.
And they make up all kinds of stories
about the quality of the drugs.
And they're not safe and all this other bull crap.
As if Canada is some kind of a 10th world country.
And we don't have the same exact drugs here
that they have in the States.
All they do is lie to the public so they can continue
having a free license to rape the American public.
Correct.
Because we used to get things that we would have to sell
that was only allowed to be sold out of the country.
But it was the same exact product.
But we would get it at discount price.
Right.
So it was, and we would sell it at locally,
which we weren't allowed to do as a way to make more money.
Well, one of the things they were doing
which they weren't really allowed to do.
But it just tells you how much more markup
there is in America of the same product
that they are exporting overseas.
Absolutely.
You see what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
Another thing there's no, there is no a fee schedule.
And I'm in the medical equipment business.
And we get paid so many dollars for a wheelchair,
a walker, or anything because the government tells us
how much we're going to make.
And we agree to do that.
Drug companies won't submit to a fee schedule.
They want to make as much profit as they can
and because they own the Congress
and because they own the Senate, they get,
they got what they wanted.
They're going to choose the prices
that they want to sell to them.
You got it.
And it's really crazy.
The rape of the public so it only
the Americans think that gang rape is funny too.
Yeah.
One more thing.
One more thing if I may.
Quickly.
Oh, well, I'll let you go.
I'll cut you another time.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Bye, step around.
Got it.
Well, we got to get the spot.
Well, that's good.
And man, you know I'm talking about.
We got to move it here.
We got to move it here.
We got to move some of it off the shelf.
1027 at 560 WQM.
Hey, listen, if your carpets need a little bit of help,
if they're a little schmutzy.
And of course, now with all your company
coming in for the holidays, the last thing you want
is them to think that you're some kind of a slob,
even though you may be.
Dry concepts sets the standard by which all the others follow.
They beautify your home, leave in your carpets sparkling,
clean, vibrant, and color, soft to the touch, smell,
and lemony fresh.
They'd ride a couple of hours.
When dry concepts finishes their amazing job,
you'll just shake your head and disbelief and say,
it looks just like I had brand new laid on my floor.
They've been doing my house for over 20 years.
And they ought to be doing yours every time too.
And when you call right now, I ask how you can say,
15% off the already reasonable price
on your next carpet cleaning from dry concepts.
And no matter what the deal is, they always
give you a written guaranteed price up front
before they start their unbeatable job for you.
So get your carpets back to life just in time for the holidays
by calling the good folks at dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the World Wide Web
if you like it, dry concepts.com.
My life and love, this is 4-3-0-560-1.
Way and way.
Yeah.
Girl, who took a president for a world?
Yes, he kept Bill Gladden her knee pads
and we never did recover when he lied.
Or, who's going to fill him in the next four years?
Where the gold boy should we still have our fears?
Politicians are so insincere.
Never quite as honest as they would appear.
Shake hands and give babies our kids.
And later on, if you're something so scat-a-lap,
no wonder we're all so confused.
Big and power-requimble is that thing of use.
That's hope we will never again leave it,
dream by commander-in-cheeks that fought for the hate.
Wash your fingers with day-right after a lecture day.
It was a story of a girl who took the president for a world.
Yes, she kept Bill Gladden her knee pads
and we never did recover when he lied.
Now, the country's getting more and more
to a right wing not keep going.
Now, but God only knows they're not getting no blow jobs.
Right?
Thank God for that.
Right.
I think they're getting blow jobs.
I sure hope not.
1033 at 560 WQM.
We got 128 votes on it.
Pull.
What's your take on J. Levin, the bokeh man who shot and killed
the teenager who was a prankster who's being charged
with manslaughter, J.
He should have gotten a murder charge 42.
Those people are right.
He had a right to defend his home, let him go 36.
Let him go.
Just give him a slap on a wrist and say bye-bye.
Those people are wrong.
He should get the maximum sentence about 30 minutes.
Yeah, say that.
And at least they're right too because at the moment that's the charge.
So what else can you do?
Haven't heard about this story 20.
Even though I'm the one outside of the touch, but we got 20 people in the audience
haven't heard about this story.
And they're entitled.
They're busy with their turkey and stuff.
By the way, something about this.
Yes.
This point, a lot of the gun squeezers might think might be the ones that are voting that
he should be getting off.
But he's the one that's going to ruin it for everybody else that wants to have a gun,
you know.
How do you figure?
Because too many of these incidences happen and then the anti-gun people are going to
get enough material to get them taken away from it.
No, they won't.
No, they won't.
Are you?
I know you weren't feeling what you were out sick yesterday, but are you still running
a fever or something?
Yeah, I am as a matter of fact.
Are you forgetting where you are?
Look around you.
You're in the US of A, baby.
You're in gun countries.
Nobody's taken away our guns.
Out of my cold dick.
You know, hands.
That's what Chuck Eston told you.
You better get with it as he was running away from Michael Moore.
Did you just did all your microphone there?
No, I didn't even tied anything with it.
There you go.
Nothing you could cut out for half a second.
Oh, in other words, your tell us is acting up again down here.
Oh, yeah.
Well, there you go.
So if we lose the signal again, don't blame it on me.
Don't be blaming me.
Blame it on George Corso and your screwed up engineering department down here.
Nice going, Corso.
You idiot.
You simple done.
You bush liquor.
Here's Cape Coral.
Hello?
Cape Coral.
Something talking to somebody else while we're having a high paid radio show here.
Cape Coral.
Do you go with me?
We'll make your copy of it.
Let people come here.
I'll let them show that to the police.
Okay.
Because my office should be back about 130 to a clock.
About 130.
Oh, my goodness.
About 130, man.
I don't want them to know all the street.
They're only here at the green.
We're recording this.
That's what we get.
It's a paper.
We are.
Right?
That's what we get plans for a hit or something.
Mm hmm.
Well, if I know, if I know, you'll probably pressure bill and get a couple of hundred bucks
to get them signed papers and have them.
Oh, I wanted you to get into extortion.
There's money to be made.
This probably wanted to have Bush's buddies.
I can't believe this plan.
Here's Cape Coral.
Hello.
I'm going to talk about the.
What's going on up there?
Hey, I heard you yesterday.
You were talking about this movie where they did the the jewelry verdict by a telephone
and so forth.
They'll make a room and movie like that called Citizen's verdict.
That goes made in clear water.
And I didn't say anything.
I didn't say anything.
I didn't say anything about how about 30 heard by telephone, sir.
You crazy person.
You.
What was that?
A crazy person.
I think you.
I wasn't talking about anything, even remotely like that yesterday, not even close.
Not even in a ballpark in this guy.
Somebody he needs telephone technique 102.
Okay.
Somebody teach him where to stick that thing.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I like this, though.
See, this is the kind of day that I enjoy tremendously.
I really do.
Yeah.
Here's a call from homestead.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
I've got some inside scoop on Glenn Campbell.
I guess it's irony on the Glenn.
Okay.
His future sudden law happens to be one of the two South West Airlines pilots that was busted
here in Miami for a DUI.
So it runs in a family, huh?
Well, the future family at least.
Well, quick pick it on them white people, man.
I have a good one.
And you two things.
See, there you go.
If it's Glenn Campbell, it's okay.
But if it's Michael Jackson, you start talking bad about black men.
I call it all the time that Schwarzerman.
Well, cut the crap.
Well, yeah, you're embarrassing yourself.
Even when Smith won't talk to you, Mr. that guy to call the first call.
Talking bad about black people.
I don't give a crap of Michael Jackson is the color purple.
I'll see.
There he goes again.
It's Oprah.
That's another shot at Oprah.
There's another bitch.
Hey, Rosie O'Donnell.
We hate her guts.
Rosie's white, by the way.
She's lily white.
She's Irish.
She's an Irish dyke.
Okay.
She ain't got lily white.
Even a little black inner.
Well, maybe, maybe a little black baby is coming next, you know.
Maybe.
Jack goes, love letters to boy.
I got the New York Daily News, New York Post.
I got, oh, I got them all.
Let's see.
Oh, here's the one you want to hear first.
This is from Anthony Harwood.
This is from the UK mirror.
One of the great British tabloids because they love the dirt.
They love the dirt.
They love the dish.
They should eat it, lick it, and the dirt too.
And they're also fascinated by the baguery.
Oh, by baguery and buggery and the princess Charlie.
Sorted details of the child's sex charges against Michael Jackson have been revealed
to the Daily Mirror.
You ready for that?
Oh, my God.
They've also claimed the start is also claimed the start tried to buy off the family of his
accuser, 12 year old cancer victim Gavin or our visa, and that videos found at his
home could identify hundreds of boys who stayed with him.
Jackson 45 is accused of oral sex,
Oy!
Mutual masturbation,
Oy!
And inappropriate sexual touching.
Oy!
You hear that?
I heard it.
Oral sex, mutual masturbation, and inappropriate sexual touching.
Maybe in that secret room.
The charges mirror claims made 10 years ago by 13 year old, a Jordy Chandler who refused
to testify after Jackson paid him 20 million bucks.
Details emerged as Jackson's new CD went straight to number one in the British Church
and fans worldwide demonstrated support of their idol.
All weekend long they were holding a candlelight vigils.
Oh, Michael, Michael, you never stole a freight train.
Michael, Michael, where were you?
Yesterday Jackson spokesman said Michael is fighting mad.
Oh!
He's outraged at his allegations, but he's doing fine.
He's grateful to his fans for their support.
It's just astonishing.
If convicted he could be jailed for up to 8 years.
Boy, I tell you one thing, they could have a good time with him in there.
He could be the next father-gagan, you know what?
Oh.
What?
No, just too much to hope for.
The star said to her, referred to Gavin and other boys as rubber,
because he aroused himself by rubbing against them.
He had nothing.
Rubberstam.
Why?
Well, he didn't know he did that.
Something against them.
Just rub it?
Just rub it?
They weren't cooperative enough.
Just rub it?
Just rub it?
A source said one of the games was called Rubber Rubber.
Just rub it?
The boy said Jackson was my rubber rubber friend.
Jackal was said yesterday to try to buy off the RV'so family in February by flying them to a new life in South America.
But they said, no, thank you.
We don't like those Latins anyway.
But that's why their name is RV'so.
Probably beeners.
The move came after Gavin told Martin Bashir and his controversial TV documentary that he has slept in Jackson's bedroom.
Last week searches at the 3000 equivalent branch in California and other properties were carried out to find evidence which would back Gavin's claims of assault.
Investigators found videos containing non-sexual images of young boys who visited Jackson's home over the years.
They've already allegedly unearthed love letters and poems written by the star to Gavin.
We've got other stories on that.
We've got stories up the ass.
Can we say that?
No.
We've got lots of stories.
Jackson's former security guard Robert Wagner has said an estimated 300 boys passed to Neverland during the early 90s.
He claimed he saw the singer press his groin against the youngsters as well as touch and caress them.
Well, that's don't you when you meet somebody that you really like to press your groin against them?
Sure.
Isn't that like kind of a, you know, maybe in his cultural thing?
Right.
And you feel the groin passion?
Prosecutors now want a question.
British dish, Jackie Terry George 38 from Leeds.
He alleges he was befriended by Jacko after a concert when he was 13 and the singer bombarded him with sexual explicit phone calls.
As Jacko tried to avoid the media last week, he dressed as an old lady and was worst away to a secret penthouse.
And now he's been driven to a country club where he spent two days in secret hiding.
Everything's a big secret.
Secret room, secret penthouse.
Two people who never slept at Neverland came forward yesterday to say they had not been abused.
I'm as L.O. top.
Well guess what?
I wouldn't have used my Michael either.
How do you like that?
I'm the master of the law and law.
I'll still take this white man.
I'm the real five city.
You're the new alien.
On the next MTV Cribs,
we're at the home of the King of Pop.
Hello.
Do you have a search warrant?
Oh, I'm sorry. You're the crib cats.
Over here is my laboratory where I'm breeding a mouse with a llama.
How's it going, mouse?
This one stinks to high heaven.
And he always wants to be on top.
All my animals talk but only to me.
This is my salarium where I grow my weed.
This is my walk-in closet.
It's more of those small children.
They're having a wonderful time.
Over here, this is my special room.
This is where I keep my total world.
It's not running right now because we're looking for parts of this tale's hip.
Eee-hee!
MTV Cribs with a King of Pop.
1047 at 560 WQM.
He's everywhere. 172 votes on a poll.
What's your take on J-Leaven, the bokeh man who shot and killed a teenager who was a prankster?
In the back, by the way.
J is charged with manslaughter.
Here are the four choices.
He should have gotten a murder charge, 59.
He had a right to defend his home.
Let him go, 44.
He should get the maximum sentence, 41.
And I haven't heard about this story, 28.
16% haven't heard about this story.
So I'm glad that they're hearing about it today.
Aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
Well, they should hear about it because there's just too many trigger-happy people out there.
Just get a little bit over the top, okay?
And when somebody's running away and the idea that you shoot them in the back,
they're probably not a good idea.
And all you pranksters.
Cut the crap.
Anyway, speaking of not a good idea, cops raid Jackson's videographer's home.
Oh, I'm telling you, I got a pile of stuff here.
I got piles from this.
But we better take some calls before we get to that because it's from celebrity justice.
And for justice, we must go to West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm a Schwarzen.
I don't mind you saying anything.
I think I like it.
There you go.
You know, this guy, he shot the kid in the back, should get a maximum sentence.
You know?
Yeah.
He's not the kind of guy that would, you know, knowledgeable.
Like, look at the situation.
Just trigger happy, I think.
Did you get the facts on the Vatican Assassin's, I thought you...
No.
I said that the other day, it should be in the pile there.
Don't count it the other day, what day?
The Vatican Assassin's book.
No, I broke down the name of the book.
So you called me the other day and with the Vatican Assassin, thanks.
See what we got.
Now we got, again, I appreciate it very much and it doesn't make any difference whether you're Black, White, or Yellow,
because we don't really, you don't have to qualify for a call in the show.
But we have this group of people that want to like call and say the same thing every day.
I'll get the book, how many books can I read at the same time?
About 30, man.
I'll get it.
You don't remember this guy?
He was like a couple of days ago.
No, the other day.
Just the other day.
We've got a problem on this program lately and, you know, I mean, we got certainly don't suffer from...
We don't have a shortage of calls, but we got about a half a dozen people and I want to turn this into the Randy Rhodes Junior Show.
Wow!
I don't want to do that.
I'm not interested in doing that.
Are we going to do that?
We're not going to do that, especially if I do that during a holiday week.
No, we're not going to do that.
Anyway, let me get right back to my story.
I just don't understand what's happening.
I don't know where.
I got about four or five people who want to call and say the same thing day after day.
After day, that's the kiss of death.
Kiss of death to talk radio, okay?
You know what I'm saying?
Sense of demographic zooming up there.
Wow!
90 plus.
We can't afford to have like 90 plus.
If I want to talk to somebody 90 plus, I'll call ma.
Find out if she had a good VM this week.
That's only Tuesday.
Suburban LA homeowners suddenly found themselves smack in the middle of the Michael Jackson cases.
Their neighbor's home was rated even though it's more than a hundred miles from Neverland.
One neighbor said I was thinking, oh no, what happened to our neighbor?
The evidence was taken from the home of Hamid Moslehei, most of the year Sampai.
Musally.
I thought there was something to eat for breakfast.
Muslics.
Michael, Michael Jackson's former videographers who this is.
Neighbors tell us what they saw being hauled off from Hamid's home.
One says, and now listen to this carefully.
One says, I saw them taking a computer and a silver like briefcase like thing.
It looked like they were taking equipment like.
Like California.
And I was like, yeah.
Like India.
Hamid tells CJ that he was cuffed as investigators confiscated seven or eight video tapes.
But he tells CJ that tapes don't show Jackson doing anything wrong.
Well, how does he know that?
And even showed the boy and his mom defending Jackson saying nothing sexual ever happened.
Well, he's a videographer.
Sources tell us the tapes were made before the alleged molestation occurred.
Meanwhile, the war of words has begun in the Michael Jackson case.
Some of the pop stars defenders are on the offensive, even attacking the character of the mother of the boy,
who accused the pop star of molesting him.
It's interesting the way they have this written.
It's got two separate words, mol stating him.
He didn't molest him. He molested him.
One Jackson backer replied the mom might have had a substance abuse problem, but.
Celebrity justice has talked to a source that has spent a lot of time with the mother and says he's never seen a shred of avatance.
In the case, he's got any drug problem.
He says on the contrary that she is lucid, clear right and curious deeply about her kid.
How do you like that?
Clear.
They always do that just like with a Kobe thing.
Now, you notice they're ganging up.
They're ganging up on Elizabeth.
Speaking of Kobe.
Yeah.
Might interest you to know about a jar in the tele last week and his picture was not on it.
I'll be damned.
No more Kobe on the Nutella.
No, it tasted better.
Oh, see you're picking on black folks again.
Oh, sorry.
See, I don't do it.
It's George that does it.
Sorry.
George is be doing it.
You notice that Nutella matched the picture of Kobe's skin.
I'm going to, yeah, kind of like, well, see, we can't talk about real dark folks like OJ no more,
because then time will make him so dark that you can't even see their picture no more.
But Kobe is light enough.
There's room to darken it just a little bit and the same with Michael, of course, you can like form of a chase before even start looking like he's got a tan or a palette.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't want to get into it.
183 votes.
No, I want to put the second.
I want to put the second poll on here.
I'm going to tell you why because I'm very depressed.
I watched, well, it was on twice on MSNBC.
The Democratic debate yesterday, the contenders.
And I'm depressed.
I will tell you who I thought was excellent, even though you don't agree with me.
And I was West Clark.
I thought he finally developed a pair of balls and he finally was very outspoken and was forceful.
And I think he's going to start moving up the hit list.
I could be wrong.
He's going to move up the ladder.
Wouldn't answer questions.
What?
He wouldn't answer the questions.
Well, who the hell did?
Dean.
Every time they get out of here, I mean, I like Howard Dean.
Don't get me wrong.
But I'm starting to get a little worried about him because he's starting to Michael do cock-assize me.
Do you know what I mean?
Do cock-ass?
I'm starting to get that same kind of cock-ass feeling when I see Howard Dean.
He always looks very nervous and like, like, dear in a headlapse kind of.
And he's not a forceful speaker.
No, but I like that.
No, I don't like that because that's not what we need.
We don't need another Al Gore, another Wimp.
We don't need Jew Lieberman, who ain't got a-
And by the way, he shouldn't know that they don't allow no Jews in Iowa.
I told you that yesterday.
Well, they wouldn't let him in even by TV.
They won't let his push in Iowa.
I think.
Only Goyamalai.
As a matter of fact, speaking of that, they had Ted Kennedy on the wall ago talking about that Medicare rate bill that just passed.
Right.
And he looked right in the camera and said, as far as this president is concerned, if Hubman Drill, I couldn't believe he said that.
No, Ted Kennedy said that if Hubman Drill, and I thought, you go, boy, I'm going to tell you have another drink.
Ted Kennedy, he to man.
Too bad about that whole chap-quake thing.
Yeah.
Oh, he'd be so great, man.
He would be, but you know, he wouldn't last too long though.
There's not a kind of a thing.
No, I'm not talking about that.
Oh, that's a curse.
Yeah.
No, it's not a curse.
It's not by accident.
No.
But anyway, I don't want to talk about that right now.
I want to get to this Democratic contender pretender thing.
I just hope that the Democrats don't have another death wish because if this bunch of Nazis gets into another four years,
you're all going to be moving to Canada or Mexico or somewhere, anywhere.
So the second poll is going to be, I just, they just leave me limp.
There's nobody after why.
I mean, John Kerry, when I say John Kerry, looks scary.
That's the understanding of the same.
He looks like Herman Munster.
Yeah.
You ever see the two together?
Oh, I know.
Same guy.
Same guy.
Kerry looks scary.
And I realize looks aren't everything, but you know, if you're going to scare the voters away.
And like Kacennich, he says all the right things, but talk about scary.
They hurt peace, man.
It makes Moses Musgrave look like a fashion player.
Absolutely.
And the Carol Mosley Braun, I think she's fabulous.
I like her a lot, but she ain't got a tournament sense in Hello winning.
A sharpening, like I said, is a great speaker.
I agree.
See, you know what bothers me?
Yeah.
People like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, there are times when they come out and they open up a big mouth and you say,
you go, boy, you know, I shouldn't say boy.
Right.
You go, man.
But 80, 90% of the time, they're like rabble-rousing assholes.
See, that's the problem.
But Sharpton is a very forceful speaker and he's good.
And he always puts a, you know, a good, I'll tell you John Edwards was a little bit better yesterday.
I thought, although he started out the whole thing by saying, the last thing the public wants to see is us ripping each other and tearing us to shred.
And then for two hours, what do they do?
They rip these ends and ask and they tore each other to shred.
Five and a local, this is five, six, three, two, one.
You win.
Two thanks for our gasms.
I thank four play.
All right.
We've been busy through the story I today.
Fifteen or less items is where we went to pay.
And my wife said, we forgot the kinds of rolls.
She said, I'm busy shorting coupons.
Hurry up and go.
I said, won't you please leave me alone?
Boy, I think I'm going to pass a stone.
As we let the go out to the parking lot, I snapped a gada on my horn to feed it sharp, but I tried to fix it so it couldn't pick them all.
And so I was squatting in the middle of the door.
And my wife says, he pops with his pretty own assortment.
And tells him, boy, I think I'm going to pass a stone after loading up my military marquee.
My wife was feeding as I fumbled with the keys.
And as my wife Jewish, my melting in the child, I asked the people in there
who they held the arm.
They said, fuck, you got the wrong car.
Oh, I think I'm going to pass a stone.
You can just see me ten of them.
And the calamity puts in no way this is you.
There must be 50 more keys this ain't coming.
You know, I can fight a new rules.
1101 at 560 W. Kim, life is a free antenna flower and a nice early bird.
What more could you want?
Here's just in from the online New York Post.
100 leads on Jacko.
Oh, my God.
Authorities probing Michael Jackson on child molestation charges are investigating at least 100 other leads on the gloved one.
And the possibility of new victims the post has learned.
Ready for that? You're strapped in? I'm strapping.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department asked tips to call with information on other potential victims last Wednesday.
And the phones have been ringing off the hook or high-ranking official told the post.
Now watch it listen very carefully to what the official said.
We are going through them to make sure they pass these smell tests.
Okay. Got it? I got it.
I'm not sniffing them. I'm proffed.
What is that? They're sniffing them up.
Oh, yeah, that one smells like a victim.
Yeah.
Smells like teen spirit.
He said about a hundred tips. No, not teens yet.
Preteen spirit.
He said about a hundred tips are being treated as serious, although the departments receive thousands of calls.
The bizarre superstar was booked.
Yani, Yani.
Not a performly charge.
He's going to be charged.
Now this says the second week of December. I think that's wrong. I think it's a Monday.
This coming Monday, which is December one.
Anyway, the delay is to give district attorney Thomas Stenz off his chance to finish a new website where it'll post
court papers to avoid immediate stampede.
Meanwhile, the embeddled star who's remaining seclusion on Yani, Yani, his own website.
We know that. He hasn't been seen in public for five days.
Where's the rest of this stuff?
Two video cameras were discovered in the Jets baggage.
Oh, wait a minute.
In a bizarre development, Jackson's rep said yesterday they were flying on a private jet to surrender.
The superstar and his lawyer, Mark Garagos, were secretly filmed.
Two video cameras were discovered in the Jets baggage compartment during routine cleaning Fox News reported.
The mid-air footage debunks claims that Jackson was an emotional mark on a flight,
instead showing him at ease and even smiling at times.
Extra jet officials admitted later approaching the meeting about possibly selling the tapes the LA Times says.
The Jackson was, see, this is all over the place.
So I better read the whole thing.
Jackson was released on $3 million bail after being booked.
A month straight to a meeting with family members where he finally broke down in tears.
That gathering where Jack O. Shreminer by relatives and friends wept openly took place in a high-rise condom in Las Vegas,
where his sister Latoya also lives TV celebrity justice be reporting.
There, Jackson began crying and said, I can't believe this is happening to me.
Those need a struck group, which included Latoya, brother, germane, and father Joe.
Attempted lift Michael Spirits by saying things like, you're the king of pop.
You'll stay the king of pop and justice will prevail.
Jackson is believed to still be hiding out in Nevada, and her the bigger studio where he'd been shooting a video before his arrest.
Superstar singer Shreur also spoke out about the scandal telling TV's ET,
she thought the allegations were really sad.
I think that once and for all, there should be this investigation,
he should be able to clear himself or the alternative, she said.
Well, at least she's not in all.
In other words, Kesar Rassarab, but let's get to the bottom of it.
Nice going, Shreur. You go, guy.
She's pretty butch.
29th of March. Let's wrap up this first poll.
I want to give the second one on which I interrupted myself,
because of that breathtaking online near post-story, about the hundreds of possible victims,
and they're sniffing them out right now.
But I kind of wrote to the letter he said to one of them smells just like Jonathan Brandt.
God, I almost forgot that.
209 votes when I printed this out, there's probably more there, but who cares?
What's your take on J-11, the book of man who shot and killed Latina,
who was a prankster, 11 is charged with manslaughter.
He should have gotten a murder charge, 73, 35%.
He has the right to defend his home, let him go, 50.
He should get the maximum sentence, which is 30 years, by the way.
48 votes for that.
And I haven't heard about this story, 38, 18% of the audience hadn't heard about this story,
which is pretty sad, but then again, why did nobody want to read a newspaper?
Know what's going on around them in town, even though I'm the one, of course, am out of touch.
Now, second poll, let's get this on here.
And I'm very, I don't know, I'm nervous, because I smell it,
speaking of the sniff at it out, I smell that death-wish again by that Democratic party,
some of whom were old over and played dead again in this vote on the Medicare,
this fraud thing that they just did.
It was a fraud.
Which Democratic contender do you think has the best chance to meet George W. Bush in 2004?
That's our second poll, and it'll be up there on the rest of the day,
and tomorrow, and until we start.
Howard D. and John Kerry, Wesley Clark, Dennis Kassin,
John Edwards, Julie Bremen, Carol Mosley-Brawn, Al Sharpton Dickabhart,
or no one can beat Bush.
Did I leave anybody out?
Two, four, six, eight, nine.
That's how many there are.
Nobody can beat Bush is the last choice in your opinion.
Right.
And if nobody can beat Bush, hey, I'm going to start singing Old Canada again.
We're doomed, like Roby said.
Five, six, is he still on that phone booth in the Northamore?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
Going once.
Going twice.
Well, they've been on it for a long time.
I mean, don't get all bent out of shape.
What do you want from these people?
You are a real hard-ass man.
Yeah.
They've been on there for a long time, some of these calls,
and I'm busy talking about all this Michael Jackson stuff,
which let me say it again.
I know we took that poll the other day when the story first broke,
and everybody said the politically correct thing.
And I wish you to heard it.
I might read it again just for you.
Okay.
A great story.
William Rivers Pitt that writes all these great stories.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
I heard it.
I still got it.
George W. Bush loves Michael Jackson.
It's written from his perspective from a nice Friday when he was watching CNN.
I think maybe I'll read it again later.
Good.
About all the other important stuff that was going on in the world
and what a convenient thing this was for Bush,
while the British were there trashing him in a hundred thousand people protesting.
And he was messing up the Queen's bushes,
which he's not too happy about.
She's foaming at the mouth.
But at any rate, what can I tell you?
We got more important fish to fry.
Two hours they spent on this thing as we saw breathlessly.
Oh, there's Michael, there's the plane.
All this other crap, you know, all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And I understand that that is true.
But the fact of the matter is, it's like O.J. all over again.
Once it comes on there, because we have this morbid fascination,
and especially with me, see the reason I'm interested is because I want to see him fry his ass.
It's long overdue.
Everybody's known for years that he's a freaking pedophile,
and 45-year-old guys don't sleep with 10 and 12-year-old little boys.
But, you know, and everybody's just like he's got this, uh,
because he's a superstar, therefore he's got a free pass.
Right.
Even more than a Catholic priest, they only get a couple.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Um, I, you know, I can share that with Michael Jackson,
because he, you know, he moved a privileged life.
But, you know, if they does boil me when they want to use racism,
when it's convenient for them.
But he's not even black.
He's, he's wider than I am.
He's black, but, you know, the thing is,
he's honest with his whiteest George's, which is pretty damn pale, believe me.
But do you believe in him that racism doesn't exist?
You know, I mean, it does exist.
I mean, I look...
You, you, you have to ask...
You're, you have to ask me if racism exists?
I mean, you know, I mean, but I mean, you act as if it's desert,
and whenever...
No, no, I, I, I, I, I, I say that.
It's the way you portray this, you know, uh,
racism doesn't exist.
They always want to use the race car.
They always want to use the race car.
Well, certainly, there's, there's, sir, let me say this, too.
There's a difference between real racism, which is very, very much alive and well,
all over the world, not just in America.
Real racism and paranoia, which every time some black person commits some horrendous crime
or is accused of it, right away you make it into a racial thing.
It can't be an excuse for every scumbag,
no matter what their skin color, that it's some racism or bigotry or something,
that can't be an excuse.
Right.
Well, my thing is, it's just, it's just found that if you make it into your,
you're trying to say that it doesn't exist.
Of course it exists.
Of course it exists now as much as it ever has.
To me, I think that will be the one thing that destroyed this country,
it's racism.
But, you know, another thing, for all of you folks that voted for Ralph Nader,
I hope you enjoy what's happening now.
Hey, man, well said, man, well said.
That was a good call.
Yes it was.
And by the way, that asshole is thinking about running again now.
Oh no.
Oh yes.
The man that, and what was I screaming about at the time,
here's a guy who's supposed to be, you know,
all the issues that he's so crazy about,
the environment, all of this other, which of course Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
wrote that big article in Rolling Stone about how this is the worst environmental
present in history and he's absolutely correct.
But, you know, Nader's ego got in a way, an asshole's like Phil Donne,
who said, oh yeah, Ralph is the man.
Right.
And all he did was make sure that Bush got in.
If he wouldn't have been the fornator,
grow it a one, we wouldn't be talking about this crap right now.
And even though Al Gorey, no rocket scientist, the fact that it matter is he didn't
vent the internet.
So what the hell's wrong with that?
Oh, seriously, I mean, this is what we got now.
We got these right wing Nazis who've been all they,
and the thing, I was thinking about this this morning when I was shaving,
I wanted to slip my neck, which is hard to do with, you know,
that kind of a razor.
Yeah.
But I'm thinking of myself, the Reagan people were a little bit more clever about it,
the way that they did things, you know, with a trickle down,
and they presented things with their big corporate mentality,
with, you know, their big buddies and big business in a different way.
But these people are just blatant about it, and nobody cares.
Everybody rolls over and plays dead.
This Medicare thing that they push through today, this is a nightmare.
This is the beginning of the end of Medicare as we knew it,
and all it is is just another big rake off for their friends in a pharmaceutical industry.
That's all it is.
And the public just keeps, you know, taking their pants down to their knees and bending over
and say, hey, stick it to me.
It feels really good.
Keep doing it, man.
I love it.
That's what they're saying.
I don't get it.
Did I ever get to the second poll?
Oh, yes, it's on there.
Which democratic contender do you think has the best chance to beat George W. Bush in 2004?
Now, this isn't who you like the best.
We've already done that a million times, and of course we can update on that later on.
I think it's this one.
I'm voting right there.
Okay.
Okay.
And I'm not buying that.
Nobody can be pushed because that's not true at all.
No.
Because one thing you'll notice that the latest poll, 48% said they definitely are voting against
and 47% in favor.
They're going to definitely vote for.
That only leaves 5%.
Right.
And that's what he was talking about.
The fact that the usual undecided, that big swing vote, it doesn't exist anymore because he's polarized the country so much.
Right.
That there are those people who either hate him, which is 48% or those people who love him, which is 47%.
So they're about 50, 50.
It's right down the middle.
And I don't give a crap.
They all in the third quarter, the, oh, these, these, these, the economy numbers are just unbelievable.
And in the meantime, what is the market doing to the anything?
I was actually 8.2% that the economy grew in the third quarter.
It's up a, a snap.
Yeah. It's up six points and NASDAQ's up four point.
It's all, it's all bullcrab.
Still no jobs.
And the jobs that they are talking about are like, you know, flipping burgers at McDonald's stuff like that.
Howard Dean 13.
And the first votes here on a poll, who do you think's got the best chance?
Wesley Clark 11.
I voted for Wesley Clark.
I think he's the dark horse.
I think when the dust, when the smoke clears, you're going to see.
And there's things I don't like about him, but are there any of them perfect?
No.
But like Dean said, yesterday in the debate, any of them up there on that stage, sure heads and shoulders better than what we got now.
Yeah.
Light years ahead.
Nobody can beat Bush 8.
8 people said that.
Cools.
John Edwards won and Jacennits won and said out of the first 34 votes.
Nobody voted for Julie.
We're mean.
Yes.
Oh, even the Jews we got on our website today is stirred that even the Jews knew Hampshire, which you know how many of them there are.
But they don't want him in there because he's got no credibility on the Middle East, for example.
And of course, him being in there, all that would do is just fan up all kinds of anti-Semitism again, which we don't need no more.
We got plenty of that to go around these days.
Right George?
Right.
5.670560 pounds.
It's 65, the AT&T.
And for right.
See, picking on you when you're not there is fun, but when you are there, it's much more fun.
Of course not.
Of course not.
But you are.
Yeah.
What?
You are what you are.
Anyway, I'll tell you what Brandy's is. Brandy's is a miracle because David and business in South Florida for 25 years.
That is correct.
This is their 25th anniversary of Brandy, Susan Pompe and Obeach.
And the reason they've been around while so many others have come and gone is because they know how to do it right all the way around.
They give you the best prices on the top merchant I've got the top names in the shoe binnets.
Rockports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks, SAS, Floreshime, all the names you know and love.
They give you a friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time and speaking of that.
Their selection is so gigantic that you can just about be damn sure.
You can bet all of our lives on it that they got exactly what you want in stock.
And no matter how big or small your feet are, they can hook you up.
They got men's sizes 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, which from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
Look out for those people with them wide, fat feet with over 40,000 pairs of shoes in there, 8,000 square foot megastore.
Like I said, you can just about bet on it that what you're looking for is right there ready to slap on your foot.
Brandy shoes you'll find them at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pompato, Beach open daily Monday through Saturday, 9 to 9.
A Sunday's 10 to 5 and as part of their 25th anniversary celebration, they invite you to come in this week for great savings on men's and women's SAS shoes.
Extra savings even more than usual all this week at Brandy's in Pompato, Beach or visit them on the way of it.
Brandy's shoes that's with two us's Brandy Shoes dot com.
We're supporting you by 6 a.m.
Three is so far thing you're most pleased about.
I wanted to reduce arsenic and drinking water only because I'm not friendly toward the environment.
Biggest mistake made so far.
Attach relief plan.
Attach relief.
It was to take effect.
Will there be no we're not going to let it come into effect?
Not going to happen.
No.
I want to spend the people's money and I will do so.
One final question.
Mr. President do we yet know how sick is the heart of the cheating?
Well, and we know that he is I know that he's as they say out west he's checked out lost cause.
Sure.
1118 at 560 WDQA and the GDP grew 8.2% in the third quarter.
Oh!
Are you excited about that?
Oh, yeah.
That's why all the toy makers for example are saying it's going to be really crappy Christmas and they're lowering their projections at any rate.
You're one thing that really frosts my ass.
You know, when people end course you have no way of knowing because you can't read all of our bedtime stories every day.
But people thanks you stories that are on the website.
Right.
Like from the Reno Gazette Journal pending the freezing of hell by Corey Farley which is on our website today.
It's a cute story.
It's good.
It's excellent.
Makes all all these even in good points.
It's on our website.
It's on theorogies.com which each and every one of you ought to be looking at every day and find out what else going on in the world.
I've already thrown a hundred of them away.
Of what?
Stories that people keep faxing and throw you over.
That one is.
Oh.
I mean, you know, we appreciate stuff.
I can't see them all but I try to scour pretty damn good about the 4,000 websites every goddamn day and steal what I mean to find whatever I can.
Including a 10 page fax that I canceled the first time and that apparently pissed them off so they made sure and refaxed it in that time I got through.
Oh, thank you so much.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Oh, yes, sir.
Hey, we love Michael Jackson and OJ Simpson.
Yeah, good.
Love this.
Okay, Schmuck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Why do people even waste their time?
Why do they bother when they sit there because they have nothing else to do?
It kills a few minutes.
Keeps them off the streets.
That's why this is the show that makes out for us safer than usual because we keep all the scumbags off the streets.
Except the ones with the cell phones.
By the way, did you change your number yet?
No.
I mean, change your service.
Oh, there you are.
And this is so sad.
Oh, there's going to be people lined up for blocks and miles everywhere all across America now because they're going to let you transfer your phone number when you get new service.
And they're going to let you cancel this one and get the Verizon and all this other crap, you know.
And guess what? Did it happen?
No.
No.
Well, look at that.
The phone is ringing.
It means there must be a package downstairs.
No.
Another exciting?
I'd be excited.
I'm not going to go get a package.
I'll save it for tomorrow and for like Thursday for those big two hours I have on Thursday.
That's going to be that's going to be quite a show Thursday, 10 to noon.
Do you think I should do like a regular show?
No.
We got to do that.
The Dallas game at noon on Thursday.
Boy, oh boy, that's going to be a barn burner.
Well, there you go.
You and the Beast can talk sports all day.
I could be wrong.
I think the dolphins are going to get their asses whooped in Dallas by Bill Parcells and his boys.
I could be wrong, but I think it's going to be pretty embarrassing.
Whether without the J. Feetlemeister, you'd have been amused to sell even though you're a very anti-sports guy.
But when I was listening to Joe Roy, see yesterday morning I'm sitting here.
I didn't know that you were sick because nobody bothered telling me.
I'm sitting and I'm listening and there's Geltie.
BAM BAM BAM BAM.
That's squeaky voice.
And then Joe Rose comes on.
I'm listening to the calls because there's nobody on the other end to late 30 when Miguel came racing in.
And so here's a caller to Joe Rose who says,
Sud Luckman, Sandy Cofax and O.T. Feetleur.
Because Feetleur came in and pulled a game out of their ass in the fourth quarter.
Like it's a Jew thing.
You know?
See, everything is a racial thing.
It's an ethnic thing.
It's like that.
And let me tell you how silly that is because I'm looking at this pull we're taking about.
Who's got the best chance to be both?
And Julie Berman's got one vote.
Must be from his mama.
Somebody like that.
Because I mean, anybody knows that Julie Berman, along with Ralph Nader,
those were the two biggest factors across the election.
Plus, of course, all the fixed votes.
And the fact they wouldn't let a lot of dark folks in the Florida vote speaking of racism.
And things like that.
Well, to me, marriage will always be the thing.
Oh, man, man.
But even forget about the fact that he's wimpy and orthodox and all this other crap.
The fact that a matter is, if you think that anybody in Oklahoma, Mississippi,
I consider it named like two thirds of the states.
If you think they're voting for a Jew from president,
I got about 50,000 acres of great cheap land for any Everglades.
Real cheap.
How much?
About third, man.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
See, that's what we're talking about the racism thing here.
They wouldn't vote for him.
And these got a better chance.
Yeah.
And actually, the best politician is sharp.
And out of all of them.
Yes, in other words, you think sharpens got a chance to win.
No, he doesn't have a chance.
Of course not.
So then why are you saying that?
Because you have no material.
OK, there's another one.
Kept him off the street.
I think this guy probably was an ax murderer.
Probably be out there like killing all kinds of women and children right now.
For even had that call.
Seriously, didn't he have anything to say?
You could tell from the minute he started.
He was like that.
But I have a great holiday pound.
I hope you choke out of God damn my wishbone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
See, that's what I like about Florida.
Keep in mind, this is the state.
Not only did we have alien.
Not only have we had a myriad of other embarrassment.
But this is the state where a bunch of people couldn't figure out how to hold a vote.
And that's why Bush is in there right now.
And that's why all these people are dying in Iraq.
I don't want to like weigh heavily on your conscience.
Hey, our bad.
But if it's one of those people who voted, thought you were voting for, uh,
three years ago, I want to tell you right now, you're responsible for a lot of those deaths over there in Iraq.
Am I right?
Yeah, it's their fault.
Absolutely.
No, it is.
They're part of the problem.
Because they were too stupid to know how to vote.
And I know the butterfly ballots confusing and is saying,
but if you're that stupid, you shouldn't be voting in a first place.
If you can't figure out how to do where to stick it.
They can't figure out where to stick it.
It's kind of like the two from the Colostomy bag, you know?
Even Moe always told me.
Sometimes he sticks it in the wrong place.
Let go.
When you need a map.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
Your show has become just like Rush Limbaugh's but with an opposite point.
Here we have something.
If you don't like it, go listen to it.
Very simple.
Okay, go listen to it.
Hold with the 80.
I don't know how old he was and I couldn't care less.
See, when you call up and complain about this show, there's one simple solution.
We don't want to hear your crabby old crab.
Just find something else to do.
Go play part easy.
Okay.
Go play shuffleboard.
Go out and get the majron set.
Okay, and get Sadie to come over and Sarah Goldfarb and place a majron.
Majron.
You can get off of our ass, you silly old crew.
A coup.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Right wind, scumbag.
And by the way, the Michael Jackson show is a stuff that's got a hell of a lot to do with the left wind.
That's political.
It's spent about 80% of the show so far on that but my show is becoming just like Rush Limbaugh
and you know, the other side.
Well, there you go.
So don't listen to either one of them.
Okay.
Sit there in your stupified world with your finger deep inside your ass.
Staring at the God Dan Moon like Scott Jr. that used to work in the other room there.
Staring around into space, wondering for next inspiration from God.
He was bizarre, man.
I'll tell you that.
I think he still is.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, what did I?
Thank you for calling me, ma'am.
And not honey, you know, one of those things.
I don't like honey.
Me neither.
It's when you die of edic you can't have honey.
That's true.
I wanted to talk to you about what you were discussing yesterday but I couldn't get through
about the suicides in Iraq.
And I only found you about a month ago so you may have already known about this but a couple
months ago I saw on one of the news channels that I remember which one.
A mother that had gone to visit her son in Germany in the hospital.
And she was talking about how appalling the hospital was because they were wounded in the
hallways because there wasn't enough room.
Half of them were naked because they don't have enough pedamas and stuff like that.
She said the wounds were just horrendous.
Right.
And her son told her that there were so many suicides just in his unit.
And also, you know, in other units in Iraq and he could not believe that she didn't know about
it.
And so I'm up until a few days ago we haven't been hearing anything about this.
And now the article I read yesterday said we know of 17 for sure and it's possible that
there are dozens of others.
We so far they haven't they're doing the best to cover it up.
No kidding.
And she was a Paul.
And just like they wanted to cover up his best they could those grotesque pictures we had
of our soldiers being dragged around on the streets again just like Movede Shui yesterday.
And Mozal they did their best but they never responded to the side of their gun to show it about
100 times.
Yeah.
I also wanted to tell you that when the POWs were first taken and there were I don't remember
how many like six or seven that were also killed.
And of course we didn't see that.
I went on the internet to Al Jazeera TV.
Right.
And for two days I was able to go there and I saw the pictures of the guys that were killed.
Right.
And also several pictures of Iraqi civilians one little boy with a head blown off.
Right.
And for two days I was able to go there and look at those pictures which were horrendous.
Yeah.
And then the third day I wanted to show them to my husband and I could no longer go there.
Right.
And it's.
And it's.
And I got a run but I have a great day in spite of it.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you.
And they don't want us to see the ugly side of what it's all about because it's not good
for a business.
Not good for right-wing business.
A sedative war.
Not good for Chevron.
28 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Shelley Blooms fashion clothing has been doing it right for the guys of South Florida for
40 years in that same great location.
You know it by now 2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue and Miami Fashion District.
At Shelley Blooms today, tomorrow next so because you'll always find fine men's clothing,
they got it all.
They got suits and sport coats, slacks, dress and sports shirts, ties.
One of the biggest selection of designers shoes anywhere in town too.
Shelley's got a tag in slacks, super 120's and 15 colors for only 60 bucks.
Georgia or Monty suits that sell ordinarily.
1395 to 1595 or only 795 bucks at Shelley Blooms fashion clothing.
Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of beautiful Italian suits starting at just
225 bucks a piece.
Service selection and price.
Those are the three ingredients that have kept Shelley Blooms business for over the past 40 years.
And that's never going to change.
The selection is always fantastic.
All the races are always free.
And with 1000 suits in stock up to size 70, you're sure to find what you're looking for.
So stop overspending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Blooms in the heart of the
fashion district in Miami.
Open Monday through Saturday 913 AM to 6 PM.
If you have questions, want to compare price just give Shelley a call at 305-573-5890.
That's 305-573-5890 for Shelley Blooms fashion clothing.
Believe me, it's worth the trip from anywhere.
Oh, Chinese Face Man.
When you get back from the moon, bring me some crab rain moon.
Oh, Chinese Face Man.
You're going to land on our wrong before landline.
Oh, Chinese Face Man.
In a ship shake like a walk that runs on fried crab flour.
Oh, Chinese Face Man.
I'll have the low name with the shrimp bar for fried rice.
27 till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Even though it's a holiday week, we got the big hitters.
We got the mad dogs.
Oh, right.
To this afternoon, the Humper is back after a well-deserved day off yesterday from another day off.
Hank is at, oh, bad news though, 4 to 7 at the Miami Heat at the Mickey Irson Arena, haven't had any.
Yeah, why is that?
Fee, why did they build it arena?
Hank, 4 to 7, and we got the Ricky Williams show at the Cleveland Irwin.
Ricky finally had a big game and had fourth quarter.
And I just go on Ricky and why they got Dan LaPasta down there to lick all around the edges.
I have no idea.
708 at the night.
8 o'clock, he got Hurricane Hotline with Josh Darrow and the Beast who are joined at the hip, believe you me.
In fact, they might be like OP and Anthony again.
Hey, I think they might be doing it right out of the year.
Then you got the Hurricane Warmup at 10.
Hurricane's in Rhode Island, Rams and Las Vegas.
Hurricane's basketball.
How many people are going to be listening to that?
About 30, man.
Followed by 80K at midnight and Joe and Mark overnight, 2 to 5 in the morning.
And then of course, after that, you will be want to go back to sleep.
Absolutely.
At 5.
Jack goes love letters to boy.
This is from the New York Post from the regularity.
No, also the online edition.
James.
Tarzan's boy.
Suspected child molester Michael Jackson.
It doesn't even say a cute one.
They haven't the foul charges yet.
That'll be either Monday or next Monday.
Suspected child molester Michael Jackson penned sex-laced love letters and poems to his 12-year-old accuser was reported yesterday.
The explicit message received by cops during the raid on his Neverland Ranch and will be vital to the case against the Bizarro Popshtar according to the Sydney Daily Telegram.
The boy told a investigator about letters and poems and their precise location inside Michael's home, a source close to the probe told the paper.
Is that what Michael was doing?
He was just probing.
That's right.
For dollars.
Maybe that's where he lost his nose.
You know?
Back home.
The letters were among the evidence seized along with videotapes.
They're very explicit and intimate and show a degree of familiarity.
Basically, they appear to be love letters from Michael to the boy.
The source said that the A is convinced these letters will be crucial to the case against Jackson.
The embeddler singer Spokesman, Stuart Beckerman and the Santa Barbara Sheriff's Department both declined to comment.
Meanwhile, sources are close to the defense team.
Said yesterday they've got taped and written statements from the boy and the mother, saying the singer never acted and appropriately toward the youngster.
But now we know again that those statements were before the alleged molestation.
But, but, it just depends on who you want to believe.
Yeah.
Now there's another story, which I just, here it is.
In the New York Daily News, today, the kid at the center of the Michael Jackson sex case allegedly tried to steal clothing from a California store on orders from his father when he was just eight years old.
The shortlisting turned violent when security guards grabbed the boy and his mother fought them paper.
Said they were arrested and charged with burglary.
I wonder if they were listening to Glenn Campbell records at the time and drunk police report on the August 27th, 98 incident.
Security guards caught up with the boy in the parking lot where they wound up fighting with the boy and his parents.
His mother was handcuffed.
The troubled family then sued the JC Pennester and West Covena about 30 miles east to Los Angeles.
Legend that they were severely beaten and falsely arrested.
In the suit, the family claimed the boy suffered a sprained arm nightmares and emotional distress.
The suit also claimed that a younger son who was seven at the time was bruised on the forehead causing headaches and emotional distress.
As part of the settlement charges against the family were dropped.
The family collected 200 grand, but the couple divorced a short time later after bickering over the money.
Other police reports involving the family led to the father once kept his daughter now 15.
Prisoner in his car for two and a half hours and threatened to kill your mom and your whole family.
The team told cops the incident happened outside her school of November 13th, 2001.
In a bizarre statement after the mother filed a assault charges against the father, she assured police that Michael Jackson, local weatherman Fritz Kulman and basketball star Kobe Bryant, would assist her with this incident.
Huh?
Let me read that statement again.
In a bizarre statement after the mother filed a assault charges against the father, she assured police that Michael Jackson, local weatherman Fritz Kulman and basketball star Kobe Bryant, would assist her with this incident.
Talk about that.
Boy.
Huh?
She's a child's kid.
See, a lot of people are looking at it as like kind of an either-or thing.
Either they're just a bunch of money grabbing, lunatics and her crazy, uh, et cetera and so on.
Or he's a pedophile.
Like it has to be one of the other.
Right?
No, how about both?
There you go.
I think that's closer to the meat on the bone, both of the above, both of the above.
That's just my own personal opinion because there is no doubt.
And I know I'm going to do a date because I'm going to, I'll probably get to that other book that the guy was talking to me about what they're about to Vatican or something or other.
But I'm going to go get the unauthorized biography of Michael Jackson again because I read that.
A rafter came out following the 93 allegations and then of course you got the car there somewhere with the Latoya stuff on it.
My mother is very much aware of all the children that were there.
All the boys that stayed there and she is the one who always said that Michael, excuse my expression, but he's a faggot and she would say that damn faggot.
I can't stand him.
That right.
And she elaborated at the time when she now says she was coerced and reading that statement in Italy, which we know she's full of crap.
You can feel the cold.
We're just hoping boys.
Huh? You can feel her holding back.
You know,
right.
Kind of the timid.
Yeah, like she was forced to say those things like she was just on the edge of trying to re-strain it.
But at any rate, it's all been out there and anybody who got half a brain knows that he's a child molester.
But you know, we're not saying, oh, he deserves his day in court.
Yeah, fine.
And then fries ass.
Dempter O'Mindy would have got it off father-gagan.
169 votes on our other poll, which democratic contender do you think has the best chance to be George W.
Bush in 2004, which is a must.
It's not optional.
It is mandatory.
It has to happen.
Howard Dean 65.
I hope you're right.
I like Howard Dean a lot.
But he just, I watch his performances and these debates and he leaves me limp.
Why does he not yelling like the other people?
No, no, he didn't.
He's not a good speaker.
He's not bad.
But he's not very forcefully.
You know, I mean, Dick Gebhardt, he just comes across.
Gebhardt says some good things, but he's very wimpy.
You know, he's like that wimp factor all over again.
And certainly, Julie Berman, who wasn't in yesterday, is the big because he's Jewish and he's out of town.
But I mean, you know, Dean is not a bad speaker, but he's just, you know, you see, you're knocking West Lake Park because yesterday he finally had like some personality.
No, I'm not going to be able to hit some balls.
He what?
He responded to questions by yelling non-answer.
Right.
Well, so he's a good politician then.
What is the president do?
Does he ever give any real answer?
I mean, you have to admit that West Park's a better speaker than El Presidente.
You don't look like Alfred Inumin on a bad day.
Our dog, they better speakers.
He doesn't have a deer in the light.
My dogs are both better speaker.
They've been dead for quite a while now.
172 votes.
Howard Dean 65, Wesley Clark 51.
Nobody can be pushed 37.
21% of this audience thinks nobody can be pushed right.
Al Sharpton 6, John Kerry 6, John Edwards 4, Dennis Kassinich 2, Dick Gebhardt 1, Julie Berman 1, Carmel's the Brown Nun.
Yeah, nobody can be pushed because let's face it, things are going so well.
The war is going well, right?
The economy is going fantastic.
Everybody's got a job and a couple more hanging to wait in the wings and wings and wings.
Lots of freedom, civil liberties and everything.
The freedoms and civil liberties and all of these.
We got those naked statues.
All of them tiddies are just flying in the breeze.
No fear for anything.
What the hell?
We're sports radio 560s.
You and you and you and me.
Welcome.
I'm a copeteen.
They're killed in Ellen Chelle, Halliburton, Unigkowshire, Bronn and GE.
Oh, Nord Drop and Ron, MCI, World Com, Figurin, Bots, KLR and Hear Mickey.
Oh, panlogged, brown and root, Carl Island, the Rendon Group, Murder, Docs, Fox News and Reuters, some young bull.
Oh, Joyce Point Democracy by Data-based Technologies, Chuck Pegel's Eye Bold, blocking out your bull.
Huh?
George Bush is a liar.
That's going to time 11 for a global empire.
George Bush is a liar.
It makes the unelected by House of O.C.
Dick Cheney will pull with Richard Pearl another dick.
Andrew Card, Carl Robyn, Mark Rack, Dick Picko.
Oh, he'll push, get pushed.
George P and Daddy Bush, Preston and Columbus.
Oh, well, not the mention.
Mark Rack, Carter Bob, No, Fact, Stapsie, IA in the Fact.
Rumsfeld says, all as well another soldier dies.
Outspoken, Democrat, in the mail they get in fact.
Tarnahan, well, Stone, dead before their time.
George Bush is a liar.
Like always, corporate me, oh, Cartoon, Nancy Hardons.
George Bush is a liar.
And the sinister media, as you believe in him.
George Bush is a liar.
Absolutely.
Song is something that'll never get on clear channel.
George Bush is a liar.
The traitor and the nitty-nitty and the criminal piece of shit.
George Bush is a liar.
A liar, a liar, a liar.
A liar, a liar.
14 to the moon is 560 WQAM.
Turkey makes you tired.
Turkey's for the birds, man.
Oh, eat the ham.
Eat a nice steak on Thanksgiving.
I said that yesterday.
Turkey is tasteless.
Well, it depends on what you smear on it.
The-ah!
French fries, tasteless.
That's why you gotta put like ketchup, mayo, something on there.
That brown sauce, that nasty brown sauce, that looks like, ooh, I don't wanna say it.
Anyway, no, no, sure, for any food that you have to, I'll tell you a great steak.
Like, you're with a Ruth Kriss, you have to have steak sauce on your steak and Ruth Kriss.
I mean, you can, they'll give it to you, but they look at you like, are you crazy?
No, because it's a juicy and delicious.
Any food that you have to embellish with something else.
Because it's like a hamburger at Burger King.
That piece of schula, that piece of rubber tire.
It doesn't matter what you put on that.
No, but I'm saying you have to just load it up with crap.
Just to try to give it some taste, to try to cover up the taste of that, of that awful,
whatever that thing is, that nasty piece of meat.
And there's nothing worse than a nasty piece of meat.
That's what Mike's been saying.
Speaking of that, our buddy Mike, you know Mike, the long man, yes.
Please say you'll play the Crapitation contest on Thursday.
Says Mike, and my answer is no, but George Will on Friday.
Show it up.
George Will.
Yeah, we're having George Will on Friday to give some right-wing a crap.
He makes me sick, you know, George Will.
And the thing with him is he's like one of these low key Nazis.
You know, very low key and soft spoken.
But at the main time, man, he'd like to stoke them gas chambers up again.
I'll guarantee you that.
And I think he's the real curse of the Cubs.
I can be wrong about that, but I think that's what the real curse is there.
Now, what is this long fact that you just said is this exciting?
Yes.
Yes, it is.
David says, I really love your show and find it most humorous at times, but I am very appalled
at the way you show hate toward others that may have a different view than your own.
I am a Christian who loves you very much.
See, right off the bat, I'm a Christian who loves you very much.
See that?
That's right.
That's right.
Okay, you don't know me.
I don't know you.
I don't love you.
You don't love me.
When people say that right off the bat, you know, they're full of crap.
Well, it gets better.
Well, I know, but I'm just saying this guy's full of crap.
Right.
Pretty loves you.
I'm a Christian who loves you very much.
I may not always agree with you with your lifestyle.
See, there you go again.
I'm looking like that.
Some of his business, my lifestyle.
But he loves you.
Inspite him.
But he loves me.
But your person who I respect, that's whom?
Who my respect and what I respect the same in return.
I don't know you, David, so I don't know that I respect you or not.
As far as anything that anybody believes as far as fairy tales,
one thing about me I'm consistent.
It's all bull crap.
Okay, it's all a big pile of crap.
So why don't we respect that?
I might like you, but I don't like the crap that you believe in.
Especially the way you use it, and I can tell you that already.
I always thought that most liberals are very tolerant of others in their beliefs.
It's interesting if you're going, see, I'm not interested in labels either.
I mean, if you want to generalize, I'm liberal, but I'm a thinking human being.
And I don't give a crap who tells me this.
If Howard Dean says it, or Al Gore said it, or Bill Clinton said, I don't care.
I come to my own conclusions based on my own little tiny brain,
my little, my little one.
It seems to me as if you're going backwards to when racism and bigotry were so prevalent in the early 1900s.
What does that mean?
I also find it, well, what the hell does that mean?
Talk about going backwards.
You're a president.
It's the one that's taken us backwards in the Stone Age.
And your attorney general coming up statues of boobies.
I also find it very confusing how he can pass the president what he's doing to make the world a better place
by limiting the scum of the earth.
Oh, eliminating the scum of the earth.
This is a good Christian.
That's right.
All those innocent people that are dying over there, the scum of the earth.
Man, you are exactly what everybody hates about so-percelled proplanned Christians, David.
Who are in their very nature are killing thousands of people by dreadful acts of terrorism.
Now, I hate to break the news, David, but the Iraqis, there was no terrorism in Iraq until we decided in March to do the shock and awe.
Aw.
Right.
I didn't hear you when Bill was president for I was in California at the time.
How did you feel when he bombed Iraq and Kosovo?
He bombed Iraq?
Huh?
When the hell was that?
I don't know.
Just kidding.
He bombed Iraq.
He did drop one on trying to get Osama in Afghanistan, but I don't recall him ever dropping no bombs in Iraq.
But then again, what do I know?
I'm not a good Christian.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't agree with everything GB does, but he's commander in chief of this great country.
And I've full as a port of his presence.
I did Bill Clinton.
Well, you know what, David?
You know, you did it perfect to be another religious lemming because you're just a goose stepper.
You don't think for yourself.
You just take orders, just like the Nazis said.
We were just following orders.
You're a bigoted faggot.
We live in a country that if you have issues with a person in office, vote him out, but since the economy is turning around,
right, and the people are getting jobs back, that may be hard to do.
Or how about this for size?
Don't I don't worry about size, David.
You can always move to a different country.
That's your choice, but not mine.
I think I'm working on that, David.
I love this country.
And I'm married to someone who is of a different race than for a very socialist country, and she would not live everywhere anywhere else.
I don't know.
Her life is 100% better. She has a wonderful job.
Losing a house that is not supported by a tree and has food on her table.
She has an American flag on her BMW Z3, and one that she made something put up flying in front of her four-house bedroom house.
Please let us live together in harmony and respect each other.
No matter what race, religion, or gender, may this letter find you in good health and peace to you and yours.
Right, love.
Love, David Howell.
Oh, please.
Man.
Oh, I just sniffed it.
Remember that thing about the person sniffing the kids?
I just sniffed the letter and it smelled like...
Like that.
Wow.
I am so sick and tired of all you self-proclaimed Christians who love everybody.
We love the sitter. We just hate the sin.
Yadiya, and I made this agreement with your lifestyle. Mind your own business.
Okay, David.
Jesus also said, love your enemies. Not drop bombs on them.
Right. That's right.
They were eliminating the scum of the earth.
That statement right there.
You see these far-bison of Goyam, which is the heart and soul of Bush's support.
These are the evil doers, man. These are the dangerous people.
Who just generalize.
In other words, all those lives over there just lump them all together.
They're just scum.
And those kids?
Future terrorists.
Of course, the Americans who are dying over there in the Brits, who are dying over there.
They must be scum, too, like the American kids who were dragged through the streets in Mosul on Sunday.
Just scum.
It's worth it.
Shame on you, David.
The good Christian.
Jesus would be embarrassed at this misive that you just factored to us.
He'd be embarrassed. He'd come to your house and he'd knock the damn thing right down.
Jesus Christ.
Right. He'd be right there.
He'd be there by lunchtime.
As they say in China, he'd be there by lunchtime.
PD in North Miami says,
Oh, we're getting some good faxes now today, too.
I like it.
I love it.
Say it's a holiday week, but we're getting some something.
Here's my piranoid theory says PD and LNM.
West Clark is a Republican plant.
He's their backup of GW losing the election, provided he gets the Democratic nomination, which he will.
Right.
Just remember, he always voted Republican till recently.
Would we even know he had a secret meeting with Bush?
Would we even know if he had, oh, talk about piranoid?
If he had secret meetings with the Bush cartel, what do we really, really know about him?
What do we really, really know about anybody?
Psychotic and piranoid PD and LNM?
What do we know about anybody?
What do we know about you?
We know one thing about Bush.
Believe you me about GW and anybody named Bush.
That's in that.
He's an asshole.
Right. We know that already.
There's no question about that.
Although David, the good Christian would say, oh, gee, he's our commander and then thief.
And chief, I got to two or three more Michael Jackson stories.
Okay, but I'll wait till I can do it.
Well, I don't want to like over.
Oh, speaking of that, I do want to see.
And then has got an online poll here.
Should the tales of the allegations against Michael Jackson be made public?
They got almost 93,000 votes.
72% say only 28% say no.
I mean, why the hell not?
Why not?
Those people say, no, what is it that they're afraid of?
Probably the truth.
Probably those silly people out there, those sick offense.
We got two things.
You got the people like the first call we had today who wants to make an racial thing.
Number one, and number two, those people are like a starstruck.
Oh, he's the king of pop.
He's the king of pop.
He gets a few free molestations, honey.
He gets a free pass.
Right.
Like father to.
It's like a five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Yes sir.
Yeah, hi.
How you doing?
Good.
Yeah, I just want to chime in here.
It's not Clark at the best shot.
It's easily a beaten bush.
The reason being, I was reading the editorial today about the ads that the Republican National Committee
started running in Iowa.
You know, the fear of monitoring as you know, a file will destroy this.
And I know that that's going to be the tax that they're going to take with a massive
purchase to try and destroy whoever it would be.
I mean, I don't think being, I don't see being holding up to that at all.
Get part, carry, carry maybe.
But Clark would be the only one that that that won't work on because he's got the foreign policy
credentials.
Normally I have more idealistic.
I probably would be a dean supporter.
Yeah.
I like dean a lot.
I still, I still love.
But I just, I'm yesterday I started getting my doubts about whether he can really win.
And the last day of the Democrat, there's another George McGovern and another Walter Mondale and
another Michael Bacockus.
That's going to get like swept away and win like maybe one or two states and just be a blowout.
I've worked for McGovern back then, but I mean, something around here.
Don't get me wrong.
I love George McGovern.
Yeah.
I had him as a guest at my show several times, but the fact that it matters is he had no chance.
Well, these dashers will turn you into more of a pragmatic pro shouldn't then, you know,
than you used to be.
But that's correct.
That's correct.
And I think that's more pragmatic way.
You have to get these guys out.
And I think Clark is the best chance as, you know, just as this time in history.
As long as we can keep him out of the delis in South Florida.
Have a great day, Palli.
You too.
Maybe he's just trying to send in some bloomable message here.
You know about how this president you rascal.
I'm going to get you out.
Something like that.
Oh, you're West School.
And the people's Rascal House and the deli then.
Come on West.
Okay.
I didn't even know he was Jewish.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
Oh my god.
It's great.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get you out of here.
Where we bomb and bagged in.
Where we killing civilians.
No.
December 1698, U.S. Central Command Military Forces launched cruise missile attacks against military targets in Iraq.
These strikes were ordered by the President.
They were ordered to take a response to the Rax continued to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions, as well as their interference with U.N. Special Commission inspectors.
The strikes were designed to deliver a serious blow to Sodom and Zane's capability to manufacture, store, maintain, and deliver weapons of mass destruction.
And it's a ability to threaten or otherwise intimidate his neighbors.
Now, that's what you want to compare.
I mean, we've been bombing the North end of no fly zone of Brits and Americans for years now ever since.
Right.
It never stopped.
So if you want to compare that to shock and awe and the countless thousands of Iraqis that we killed, not to mention, of course, the American and Brits soldiers that have died and been in the thousands of in.
You see, the interesting thing they talked about the other day finally.
We've heard it before.
We don't discuss the extent of injuries of the wounded.
Why not?
Well, it makes them look bad, obviously.
Why not?
Because it's so easy just to say, well, two American soldiers were killed and 14 were wounded.
Well, I mean, how bad?
Like when we're talking about a scratch, we're talking about a hand nail.
Right.
We're talking about like maybe a leg or two blown off or something like that, or maybe like some critical injury which is just barely hanging on by a thread.
Right.
Brain damage.
Because just like during Vietnam, man, that's what they have to do is keep sanitizing this, which is why they crap their pants.
Every time pictures like the ones we saw yesterday over and over again are those soldiers being dragged through the steams of Mosul.
They don't want us to see that just like they don't want us to see the coffins.
Because when you see a coffin, you know what there is inside of it? A dead body.
Oh, but nevertheless, what am I getting excited about?
My good Christian friend.
We love you so much.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
Just amazing the lengths that some people will go to try to rationalize the unacceptable.
All of this based on a lie.
That's what I liked about what West Clark did yesterday.
And of course, Howard Dean's been saying that all along.
All of this was predicated on a pack of lies.
And now we know about it and the public is still, well, you know, we still think he's doing a wonderful job.
And the economy's making a comeback.
See all those soldiers over there, I hate to break the news to you guys.
But they're awful lot of people in your country who don't really give a crap about whether you're dead or alive.
They don't really care. Just another statistic.
Maybe that's why there's all of them suicides going on.
Now, you know, here you go again.
Yeah, telling the truth.
Which democratic contender do you think has the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004?
240 votes.
Howard Dean 85, Westley Clark 68.
Nobody can be Bush 51.
21% really believe that nobody can be Bush.
Al Sharpton 13, John Kerry 9, John Edwards 5, Dick Gabbhart 4, Dennis Cassidy,
without bad hair piece has three.
Jewelie Bremen's got a pair.
Carol Mosley Brown has none.
Oh, somebody please vote for Carol.
She's a real sweetheart and she's very brilliant and it's said, so she's got no chance.
But she's good.
Yeah.
No chance.
Here's a call from Boca. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was trying to state it yesterday.
No, it's Reverend John again.
As you were trying to say yesterday, right?
It was on yesterday for a little bit longer than that, about six seconds that it too.
Well, we can tell where we need out of the drags now, man.
Right.
This fact is again with this line down the paper.
Talk about a telltale facts.
Telltale heart.
I'm sure that West Park is secretly working for Bush number two, which is why Ann Colter misfudge,
Rush Gold Farb, Hand of the and all the other fashers have been slining him just before he was even seen.
It's supposed to be sarcastic.
The strommy snatches, however, is that Clark is not a real soldier.
So for future reference, if you're a fourth-large general career officer earlier, okay, whatever.
Why did I even bother being there?
All this paranoia.
Oh, yeah, we don't like West Lee Clark because he, first of all, it's not the bush people that are behind him.
It's the Clintons that are behind him.
It's the Arkansas mafia.
They're the ones that talked him into running.
And what else wrong with that?
If you like Bill and Hillary, you ought to like West Clark.
Sure.
Even all like they made a good point.
I'll tell you who else didn't know what the hell party he was.
And that was Eisenhower.
Not that he was a great president, which he wasn't.
Good point.
Eisenhower was like kind of like one day at Democrat, where Republicans said, hey, how about coming over with us?
And he said, sure, okay.
It's a really good thing.
Okay.
He had a lot of interest.
He was a disaster.
In fact, he's one of the main reasons the Middle East isn't the shape that it's in today.
Him and John Falk threw dollars.
But anyway, don't confuse the public with the facts.
Who the hell was Eisenhower?
Five, six, seven.
In fact, some people, some of these punks, they think that we already had a Jewish president,
because they found somebody's old.
And some of the collectors showed they found his old buttons that say, I like Kike.
And now he does a show with Joe on the overnight.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Yes.
I wanted to ask about Alonzo Morning.
Sorry.
Are you listening to this program?
Yeah.
And why would I talk about Alonzo Morning and his bad kidney?
What is this program I have to do with Alonzo Morning?
Well, I thought, you know, talk radio.
I might want to talk about it.
Do you know what this show is all about?
So, do you listen to this program?
You're talking about the Democratic candidates.
We're talking about a whole bunch of things that have nothing to do with sports.
This is not a sports show.
We have 20 other hours of sports boardamon, this radio station.
Every day, this is the one shining beacon to talk to people who care about something more than just sports.
Is your life like Senator Monoli's sports?
Are you wearing an athletic supporter now while we're talking to you, sir?
Very funny.
No, it's not funny.
It's sad.
It's pathetic.
There's important things going on in the world like Michael Jackson, okay?
Get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What is there to ask?
He had a retire.
He needs a kidney.
And that's the end of the story, okay?
What else is there to say?
What's the author?
I'll play for one.
Oh, are you going to start?
There's such bad taste.
What you're talking about.
I'm serious.
That would be like a five-plate.
Oh, a Lanzo.
You're so big.
That would be in bad taste right now, okay?
Maybe a little.
He never stole a freight train.
Leave the guy alone, okay?
What's his blood type?
Probably type.
Oh!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, though.
60 on an AT&T.
And we're out.
Oh, yeah.
We had Operation Desert Shield, Desert Storm, Desert Thirst, Desert Yamama.
That would be a UN sanctioned event, is I right now.
But I mean to try to compare that with what's going on.
And what does that mean?
Did I support Clinton when he bombed the rack?
Right.
There were thousands and thousands of innocent people dying.
Not Jesus.
God Almighty.
Here's a call from Miami.
When is this?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
All right.
Neil, I wanted to ask you.
Is it true that they were holding vigils around the world for us?
Yes.
Candle-light vigils that is absolutely correct, sir, for Michael Jackson.
How great is that?
How pathetic is that?
That's a question.
And I'm sorry, it's about support again.
I'll hear a little bit more.
No chance.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How come I can barely hear some of these people like that last one?
Probably just as well.
It's them.
Is it them?
Is that, oh, I'm probably out again, new phone service.
I'll get you if we can keep the same phone number.
What do you say?
No.
Come on.
Hop on the bad wagon.
Hop aboard.
Get you a new phone service.
Hop over the Verizon.
We like them anyway.
It's part of our deal.
Our Verizon wireless line.
Right?
Right.
Which democratic contentor do you think has got the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004?
That's our poll question on eorodgers.com.
256 votes.
Howard Dean 92.
Good man.
He's a little help on his speaking, but Wesley Clark 72.
I'm serious.
I'm amazed with you.
I thought that you would have, but you don't.
I like Wesley just fine, but that was perturbing me.
I didn't like him very much at all until yesterday.
I thought he really liked somebody.
Somebody, uh, given some something.
I don't know what.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Son of doggy uppers.
I don't like people who answer, uh, don't answer questions of them.
They're not of answer to any questions.
There are no, this is politics.
I understand.
That's the whole idea.
The art of evading and avoiding and, uh, and pontificating.
Tired of it.
In addition to which, who the hell wants to see some guy with a speech defect conducting a debate?
No, no, no.
Howard Dean 92.
Wesley Clark 72.
I thought he butched up real good.
They must have slipped him a couple of hygrids before we got up there before we got up.
No one can be pushed 53 20.
0.7%.
Al Sharpton 14.
John Kerry 9.
John Edwards 5.
Dick Gefhardt 4.
Dennis Cassinan 3.
Julie Brumman 2.
Carole Mosley Brods got a pair.
Thank you.
See, and now you know that 20.7% of this audience are not bush supporters.
Right?
So for anybody else besides a bush apologist right wing asshole to vote that is it's see to adopt the defeatist attitude before the thing even starts.
We're still a year away is stupid.
Because then it becomes like a self fulfilling prophecy is what it becomes.
And yes, there are a lot of stupid people out there.
There's a lot of Yahoo's and rednecks and that's what makes up the electorate.
But there are a lot of the rest of the people who aren't including in the big electoral states where, uh,
that mostly are a little more sophisticated people.
Including some ethnic people if you kids might drink and ethnic in a lot of other states doesn't necessarily mean like right winged Cubans like in South Florida.
What that was a little juicy one.
Recy, yeah.
That was good.
So I'm getting out of my system and talking for Thanksgiving and talking for that big bird.
Trying to make a little room for it.
I don't care what anybody says Turkey is a number one.
I'm just having a lady calling yesterday.
She said she was making a big ham, a honey glazed ham.
Oh, remember that ham guy?
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Maybe we can get him back.
Not.
Hashtag remember?
Might still be out there.
Yeah, when we were at IOD we had a guy that used to do some spots with us.
And he thought he owned a whole radio station.
I got a few ham happens, does it?
Oh boy.
He was really special.
At any rate, she made nice big ham for Thanksgiving.
What's wrong with that?
Even the Jews can enjoy him.
Except the Orthodox Jew Lieberman will beat no ham.
He says it's able to put pork in your mouth and then he asked him about gay marriages.
Quote 13 at 560 WQM.
If you want to, hey listen, speak of that.
How about a nice white-hotted Vickener?
So you like white-hunts?
So Thanksgiving, yes I do.
Man, there is nothing like Vickener's.
It's been around since 1934.
They started in Rochester, New York.
I could throw a big brick from where I'm sitting right now, right across and hit Vickener's
and Rochester.
I don't want to do that though.
Probably not be a good idea.
Anyway, Vickener's the good news now for people in South Florida.
The same great stuff they got in the menu is in Fort Lauderdale.
On federal highway, just south of Bard, Polarad and the prestigious tunnel.
And Vickener's will take you back in time to when things used to be made fresh to order the way you love them,
instead of prefabricated fast food junk.
So go and enjoy a real delicious hamburger or hot dogs served hot fresh and fast the way you like it.
And Vickener's is being brought to you in Fort Lauderdale by the same guys who feed you Chieberg or Chieberg or
Vickener's uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as Chieberg or Chieberg or they offer you an incredible big fat quarter pound hot dog for you to wrap your lips around.
And Vickener's stands above the rest because they use Vick's signature meat sauce poured on top, which is absolutely out of this world.
It is positively unbelievable.
And if you want a great breakfast, Vickener's is the perfect place too because they got a fantastic breakfast menu including your omelettes cooked order,
French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too.
So if you haven't been to Vickener's ever weather in Rochester and South Florida anyplace else, you really ought to stop by and get yourself a real treat.
Vickener's on Federal Highway, just south of Brard, Polarad, and the tunnel on the east side, and tell them that old Rochester amork,
Neil Rogers sent you by to Vickener's.
My, my, and local, this is Fort Real by Sikki.
So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
I got the story of the century coming up.
Hey everybody, today's on my shirt off for Super Low.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
Looking at things guys.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
Look, they're having their butts now.
Since I was a boy, I grew away by dollhouse toys.
When I saw my first game, I got a swell heart.
Most same-monthing sets.
They fly with the wear of dread.
Watch in the SPN.
In fishnet's oil.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
Look at the size of his balls.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
I'm a Fort Watcher.
Look at that, and their butts now.
I'd love to listen to the Fort Rain Deal all day.
And hear my show Sports Talk.
What's that over here?
I'm dead!
Is that underwear?
What's over my underwear?
I got the story like I said in the century.
You got yourself strapped in?
I'm strapping.
You think I'm joking, don't you?
This one is going to make you fall off the chair.
Let me give you a little hint of what it has to do with.
There's no fact in the church.
Just printed this out from the New York Times.
Lawyer for church says he hid his own sexual abuse by priest.
I'm just soaking in it.
There's no fact in the church.
For five years, Robert P. Scamardo defended the Roman Catholic Dys is of Galveston Houston against lawsuits by people who claim to have been sexually abused by priests.
As General Counsel he vigorously resisted accusers, he said,
fending off their lawsuits and collaborating with church officials to set him away quietly with as little money as possible.
He said he felt good about his job until one negotiating session with a grey-haired woman who said through tears that the molesting she suffered long ago was still causing her depression, mirroredal straf and sexual problems.
You can't possibly understand she insisted.
Mr. Scamardo said he desperately wanted to tell her, yes, I do.
Of the thousands of people who fought the church over sexual abuse charges, Mr. Scamardo is the only one known who fought from both sides.
While representing the church as a trusted insider, Mr. Scamardo said he was secretly struggling to cope with his own sexual abuse as a teenager by a priest and a lay-youth minister.
The conflict between his inner and outer selves brought anguish thoughts to suicide and finally a confrontation with the diocese.
When he sought compensation from the churches and abuse victims this year, he came up against the bishop and lawyer's aggressively guarding church assets.
In an interview in Houston, Mr. Scamardo provided a window in how church lawyers worked to detour lawsuits, minimize the church's payout, limit coverage for therapy and keep any settlement secret.
It was always the church he said that insisted on inserting confidentiality clauses in the settlements never the victims as many bishops have contended.
He said that while the eruption of the scandal last year has made bishops more likely to express compassion toward victims, the church's lawyers were still playing a hardball behind the scenes.
And he said he was certain there were many more abusive priest and victims that had become public.
Mr. Scamardo said he left his post when they dissonance between his past and his present became so unbearable he began to think of suicide.
Three weeks ago, after months of wrangling, he sighed a financial statement with the diocese of Austin where he said the abuse occurred.
If they're playing the game with me like that this year, then nothing has changed, he said.
Bishop Gregory M. Aiman de Vostin declined to give an interview but said in the statement,
I deeply regret any pain Mr. Scamardo may have suffered and pray that he'll know God's healing.
While we cannot change the past, the diocese has established extensive programs to prevent sexual abuse in our parishes and schools in the future.
The statement said the diocese had paid for extensive counseling for Mr. Scamardo.
In the diocese of Galveston Houston, where Mr. Scamardo worked,
months senior Frank H. Rossi, the chancellor who hired him, and Bishop Joseph A. Fioranza declined to comment, saying they wanted to protect his confidentialities of former employee.
Does that make any sense? No.
And that Gonzalo's tailor, Schwartz, the director of communications for the diocese, said she had worked with Mr. Scamardo and considered him a friend but the she and others had no idea he was carrying such a burden until soon before we left.
Robert is a very good man. He was a very valued employee here. She said, we were heartbroken, devastated when we learned from him what happened.
Mr. Scamardo 44 said he still struggled not to feel ashamed about what happened when he was 15 and the newly elected president of the Catholic Youth Organization for the diocese of Austin.
He was invited to a convention of the Texas Catholic Conference in San Antonio and he said did not raise questions whether Reverend Dan Delaney, director for a youth ministry for the Austin Diocese,
he arranged for them to share a hotel room. That night Mr. Scamardo said he would find Father Delaney on top of him masturbating him.
Mr. Scamardo said he ran into the hallway. The priest never mentioned the matter. He said Mr. Scamardo said he soon told James Reese the lay youth minister at Sacred Heart Parish in Austin who listens to them aesthetically and then sexually abused him on several occasions.
That's the story from the New York Times. How do you like that? That's great.
He says there's still play at a hard ball because of the fact that the spotlight was shining upon him for a while there right there.
They're expressing more sympathy and compassion in public but behind the scenes they want to keep it under wraps under the gowns under the dresses that they're wearing under the covers. Right.
How do you like this? Put that Michael Jackson. Put the shame. Oh yeah, he's a piker.
Man, I'm saving this one. I'm going to put it on our website for tomorrow. Can you believe that? I believe it.
And like he says, they've only, well, he paraphrasing they only scratch the tip of the iceberg. Man, there's thousands and thousands and thousands of these stories that are going on and a lot of people already are dead already committed suicide that we'll never know about.
And they'll never talk because it's embarrassing to say the very least five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 teen Verizon wireless like an eight tremendous response on that democratic debate yesterday and the contenders that were taken a poll on so far.
The 109 Clark 86 nobody can beat bush 20.3% 62 out of 305 and the rest of small potatoes sharp in 16 carry 11 to give hard six and word six.
Caramel's Lebron's got four Dennis, the three and Julie were once only got a small pair. Uh oh, sirens reported in the coalition command control area to large explosions heard in bag.
And then the evening back that time. You know the court action. That's it. Well, it couldn't have been I mean they don't know. See this was what always happens. There's explosions going on and then we like wait for now. Did you see this video of Glenn Campbell? No. Oh, oh my God. Hey, is she.
He's a face or what is they say at the FTC? Smith please. Oh, man. He's seen better days. He looks like a rhinestone cowboy to me. rhinestone. A rhinestone cowboy. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good. All right. Uh, quick question for you. What has eight balls and three two? Yeah. Okay. Quick question for you. When have you got a girl brain? You're going to get one of somebody stole it.
They're called a police. The brain police. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. I've got a lot of open lines here. We were smoking a little while ago. And I guess we ran out of material. At least the smoking kind.
Here's a call from my Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, you know, the bus thing follow the money. You know, it works in every case. Yeah. Follow the money. Uh huh.
Except Bush. Bush's money is well protected by the by the president and the president. I would next time you have a good ball movement. Call us up and let us know how it all came out. Wow. How do you like that? Is that incredible? Well, it's a Thanksgiving week. We already exhausted the living and breathing audience. We had a pretty good couple hours there. Now now noon to two. We're like all going downhill, right? Sure. And we don't really care because guess what today is the 2050 on what that is for some of us. It's payday.
Yeah. Got a big fat one and a check to maybe that's what your phone ring. And maybe that's what that was. What was that your paycheck? What does that mean? My phone ring of my paycheck showed up. What would that be? Oh, it's not a special package kind of thing. I thought they made a major production when they sent you. I'm my paycheck doesn't come here. Oh, that's right.
Yeah. Yeah. See George let the cat out of the bag. I'm broadcasting for my house and plantation and a lot of these assholes out there. Think that I'm broadcasting in Toronto. So you just can't keep a secret. You're silly person. You. Sorry. Big mouth. How the hell did I think I was at the panther sabers game last night? How must be traveling back and forth must be my own private jet like Michael Jackson? You're commuting. I'm a commuter. 27 past noon at five 60 WQM big, big news. How the party at GMC is now auto city party.
The party at GMC of Pine Crest are good friend Tom Liminas sold the dealership to Lumberto Perez of auto city,
Buick Pony at GMC of Lomstead and no Lumberto never did play for the Marlins expect the same great deals and customer satisfaction.
You were accustomed to his halftime general sales manager. Joe Prieto is still running a show. But he's running the show. He's doing it.
And he's a good guy. Stop by auto city party at GMC of Pine Crest for great Neil Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock.
Take advantage of the auto city party at GMC. No, I'm going to say how it here sooner or later. They'll understand.
Take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save up to nine grand with rebates and incentives.
You heard right. The Neil deals still going on at the brand new auto city party at GMC of Pine Crest.
And they're still in that same fabulous location where they've been doing it for 35 plus years.
134.01 South Fixie Highway that's US one across in the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on his special deals, just call the Neil Rogers Neil Deal hotline tool for eight.
One Tribal 8 5 3 4 4 2 11. That's one Tribal 8 5 3 4 4 2 11.
Don't forget all offers are subject to credit approval.
See the folks at auto city Pondy Act GMC of Pine Crest for details.
The brand new and still the same fantastic deals auto city Pondy Act GMC of Pine Crest.
Low prices without the high pressure.
Local. This is five cities.
Radio. Your.
Q and.
Inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We blow the lid off one of the music industry's most shameful secrets.
What really went on at C and C music factory.
Oh man, it was brutal.
An abused assembly line employee whom we'll call simply.
Herbie remembers the working conditions at C and C music factory.
Every two seconds that horrible woman's voice comes over the PA.
And believe me we were supposed to get moving a shithand of that son of
whadda workers at C and C music factory were expected to pump out 120 beats per minute.
11 hours a day until someone came up with a hit song.
Noreen pain was the shrill demanding voice would stroke them on.
But Noreen has deep regrets about the way the workers retreated.
But the aptly titled gonna make you sweat was not the only hit that
C and C music factory produce.
Oh that piece of shit my best friend had to die to make that crappy song.
Herbie recalls the day things that make you go hmm was produced.
Born little Sammy.
He got caught in a sampling loop on the synthesizer belt and he
Oh, it was blood everywhere.
He was a simple man.
And he just wanted to buy food and clothing for his wife for their 14 disabled children.
Oh god.
I hope you're happy out there.
Knowing a good man died so you could listen to a f*** damn song.
You f***ed that song.
The C and C music factory.
People getting paid next to nothing to turn out a useless piece of crap.
Not that different from your job really is it.
It's a big juicy, sopping wet look at your business tonight.
Uninsigned to behind.
Call 34 at 560 WQM.
Just to make everybody feel a lot better.
The Michael Jackson and vigils, the Kent Light vigils, they held over to Wicken.
It wasn't just in the US it was all over the world, including here in Toronto.
Right?
They had done that square.
They had like a bunch of assholes.
Doesn't that make you feel better to know that there's assholes all over the world?
Yes it does.
This is an excellent thanks.
Says, hey Neil, I want to thank the good Christian David for sending me straight.
I thought Jesus preached about peace, love, and the love of money is the root of all evil.
I mistakenly thought Christ sped all this time out of the ministering to the poor sick and the
children.
I completely missed a part of the gospel that describes how Christians should get high paying jobs
so they can drive BMWs, live in four bedroom houses and pay taxes to a government so it can
bomb the scum of the earth.
Thanks David for all your love and God bless us all.
And by the way I want to add my own comment to that David, I hate you like poison and your
ilk.
How do you like that?
I don't love you.
I don't like you.
I can't stand you and if it was like for real facts, I hate you like poison and wish something
horrible would happen.
Oh he's for real.
You sure?
Positive.
I could feel it.
Can you feel it?
Can you feel the love?
Mm-hmm.
560.
I call it.
I call it.
560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes?
You know how long I've waited to say that?
Yeah, it's Woody.
I don't really care how long you waited.
Wait till health freezes over asshole.
See we're down to the drags now.
We're down to people I never leave.
See I was thinking about this the other day.
When it comes to holidays, it happens every year.
The drags are always there because they're lifelist.
They got two nickels to rub together.
And so they never go out of town like most other people.
They're always there.
Rub it in.
No, no, seriously.
We can always depend on those people to be there with us.
Who the hell is with you?
You'd be talking to yourself.
Like on Friday, when you got all four hours.
Oh I'm playing long stuff,
Crepitation Contest, lots of tunes.
Daria.
Sure.
323 votes.
What's the democratic contender?
Do you think has the best chance to be George W.
Bush in 2004?
Howard Dean 117.
Wesley Clark 90.
Nobody can be Bush 64 19.
28%.
Al Sharpton 18.
John Kerry 13.
Dick Ebbhart 6.
John Edward 6.
Carol Mosley Braun 4.
Dennis Cassidy's 3.
And Julie Berman's got a small pair.
But he has circumspect.
Yes.
Where's Fort Myers?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, we love Michael.
You asked no.
Okay.
I'm really happy for you.
By the way, next time make sure you put that thing a little bit closer to the phone.
He's got a cozy on it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
We might just dispense with a cause because I see line 9 is bringing here.
It's got to be our friend again.
Q I M crank line.
How's it going Neil?
Okay.
Is this you?
Is this the idiot?
No, I'm not the idiot.
I'm the idiot.
Are you just another idiot?
I'm just one of your other idiots.
Oh, where are you calling from?
I'm calling from Indianapolis.
Oh, okay.
But Neil.
Yes.
What did I ever do?
No, what did I ever do?
No, I say I knew it.
I knew it.
See, he didn't even have any.
Usually he does look like a little preface, a little prelude.
He didn't even have any material to like build up to it.
But they, but even on Thanksgiving week, you see they did just, they're all there.
Each and every one, they're all there.
The day that I sit here and believe you me, oh,
oh, can't come soon enough for the last show.
The last show.
You just wait.
Just wait.
Do you think I'm taking any calls on that day?
No, call to say farewell to Neil and wish him well that his retirement.
Wouldn't that be something?
You miserable son of a bitch.
You know, finally we're ready.
You are right.
And at that point a lot, there'll be a lot of suicides on that day.
I'll guarantee you that.
I'm starting to be massive.
Massive.
The first time I announced it.
Easy in the first few minutes.
We're going to buy gas off in them.
So what are we going to do now?
What are we going to do?
Who are we going to call and bitch at?
I think they should all do it at the same time.
Like in the orange bowl.
Have a big fire and like a self-prolating party.
All the negativity, all the hate mongers, all their chronic, all the lifeless assholes
who've tried their best to make our lives miserable.
These 28 years that I've been in this market, almost 28.
It's been great.
But it's getting late.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Mr. Newell.
How are you today?
Pretty good, Mr. Crawler.
How are you?
You know, I agree with you that maybe Bush should be replaced.
But I think it would be more important to change the balance of power and Congress in the Senate.
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, the president basically is more delicious to figure ahead.
No, the president is not a figurehead, sir.
Why would you say that?
This, this, this Medicare bill that they is overhauled a Medicare they passed today.
Who the hell led the way for that?
Who pushed for it and who orchestrated and who's behind it?
Who is the one who's in power who helped us with this arachitech who was behind that?
Was that Congress that done it?
Congress just gave him a blank checkser and you are said.
So you know, you people want to be pseudo intellectual and talk about the balance of power
to checks and balances.
You're right.
That's what they said Nazi Germany too.
We can just get some good people in there in the Rachstag.
Then maybe Hitler won't get so carried away, you know.
And now what they said?
It's something like that.
I like saying that the Rachstag.
Man, there's something just that the whole German language is just sometimes.
You know what I mean?
I mean, there's, in the other stairs, like, and in Dutch stairs, but in German is like,
like that.
It's like a real hussy.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of every one.
You're a Gestapo.
Oh, it's just something about it.
Something virulent.
Anyway, it's a 20 to one at five 60 WQM.
We got, I'll tell you what then we've talked to a lot of great intellectuals today.
And that's what we like about the Neil Roger shows.
We got like that a good representation, a good cross section of South Florida,
an American general.
You know the general was the Clark.
Right.
Retired.
I think you ought to get with it, man.
I like it.
I like it.
He's not perfect.
I'm not waiting for perfect, man.
I can't wait for being got it.
I'm not even waiting for dynamic or sensational because when you look back, take a look.
Take a look back to Reagan, okay, who was just a,
a waxed over movie actor with the buster brown shoe polish in his hair, right?
But he was polished.
He was polished,
slasher as hell could memorize a good script and speech point and deliver.
And then we had Winpy Bush won.
Winpy, we might lips.
I mean, he was just scary.
Of course, he's the former director of the CIA and a good business partner.
There've been lot and then we had Bubba, which to be honest with you,
we, you know, we like him a lot now in retrospect.
But the fact of the matter is who the hell ever heard of Bill Clinton before 92, right?
Nothing.
Who now ever heard of him?
Nobody.
Former governor of Arkansas.
I mean, most people in Arkansas, you picked your spin and play the
attempt of the beesleys and that kid with a banjo up in the tree, picking it and the banjo too.
And the other people are contented.
Look at the choices.
Walter Mondale, Michael Duke, caucus,
caca, a man who came up to Bush one's knee.
I mean, what do you expect?
He could have stepped on him and squashed him.
Does he have a job?
I'm very tough on crime.
He were laughing at him.
There's a clown.
Bob Dole with his one hand.
Yeah.
I mean, what are we talking about?
And Bush and Gore?
Bush and Gore could have been, maybe that's why I was so damn close,
that could have been one of the worst choices in history.
In history.
I mean, even some of the people who lost in landslides like George McCuev an
at least he's a great senator and a good guy and I, you know, all these things,
it's just that he was had no chance.
Plus George's got the personality of a dead man kind of like Don Amos.
Hey, now.
Well, I'm sorry.
1242 at 560 WQA.
Let me tell you right now if you feel like Don Amos in the morning like dead when you wake up,
maybe your mattress is trying to set it something.
Maybe it's your back that's telling you something.
The mattress has had it.
It's lumpy.
It's worn out.
It's served its purpose and now it's time to replace him.
Well, if that's the situation with you and your back,
here's the answer.
A great new name brand mattress that are very affordable.
Price from our good friends at Don Amatris.
The mattress industry as you may know is loaded with phony claims and shell games and a lot of BS,
but at Don Amatris, no false promises, no bait and swish, just great unbeatable discount prices.
Every day in a brand name you know and love now, including even
stirring and foster a huet.
When you call Don Amatris, you still get to pick the day in time for delivery.
It's sensational.
Any two-hour window, you name it, you choose it, you pick it.
Seven days away from 8 a.m till 10 p.m.
Just ask Wilson Pickett.
I've been sleeping on Don Amatris for years in Georgia's doing it and Volka Brian and Fatboy
and I guarantee you for all would be doing it right now if he wouldn't got cans so soon.
Here's the deal.
Pick up that phone, make one easy call, 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
They come, they show up on time, they take away the crappy smelly old soil bedding,
they set up your brand new one and extra charge, and you'll be sleeping as soon as tonight
if you make the call now with a big smile on your push for years to come.
Believe me, the way you feel all day long depends on whether you get a good sleep at night.
So call 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or check them out online at macfris.com.
We're supporting you on 5-6-E-U-A-M.
I love talking about Lista, really great service to America.
No rocket scientist Danny Quail.
And boom, we're Yanaki.
The majority, the dark and summer, just like our suits, with Albumado.
And I can't hear you, we're all dolmen.
I'm a dolmen.
We're all dolmen.
I'm a dolmen.
Now, we on Congress, we run the show, we'll get in once.
We just say no.
Good night, well, fair, don't try to fight.
We'll make white powder, or build the land.
We're riding high, no more than a sport, but just helps.
And also, signing up on O.K.
Oh.
Oh, man, I got a single share, it was Robert Dormay.
Well, I was taken for a kid, it was Robert Dormay.
Oh, man, we have a contract with Robert Dormay.
Let's look for new home.
48 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.
I mean, notice how the tremendous response
on that the biggest, the Democratic contenders,
we got how many calls we had on that?
No.
None?
None.
Zero.
Not one.
Now, one person saw any of that debate yesterday,
has anything to say.
Of course, it's easy to go on to online and vote.
But nobody's got anything to say.
And the point that you make is that the Republican,
and they made this point the other day.
The reason that the split 48, 47 is advantageous
the Republicans because they're motivated.
They're like gung-hole, man.
They're rabid.
They're foaming.
They're frothing at the mouth.
They got their hands on it,
maybe they're not going to let go of it.
As opposed to the rest of the public,
which is kind of, I'm not like that.
You know, they don't give a crap about nothing.
No matter how many people die,
no matter how long the crap goes on,
no matter how many lies get revealed,
it's just like the story I read about it
from the New York Times there about this guy
who was the molested as a child.
It doesn't make any difference what it is.
There's no shock value left in anything normal.
And a lot of boys, not a shame, you know?
As opposed to those sons of bitches,
I'm not giving them another dime ever again.
You know something like that.
It just doesn't happen.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
Um, Pat, I saw from video.
Have you seen it?
No.
Oh, okay.
This weekend I was on a website
and I got the whole thing for free.
Yeah.
Well, congratulations, sir.
Free.
That's the opposite word.
What the hell do I want to see that bitch for?
No.
I was speaking to that.
Speaking of porn, I was just thinking to myself,
because you want to see on the Fudge Report,
Miss Fudge.
Oh, just squeezing herself today.
What a big headline.
The GDP.
Wow.
Let me just take a look at it again.
I can't believe the headline.
Oh, yeah.
There's a picture of a smiling bush.
8.2%.
Oh, wow.
Huh?
What a picture of a smiling bush.
What a big, you know, Miss Fudge just squeezing it,
because of the fact that GDP went up,
8.2%.
Oh, right.
And things are coming up roses.
Everything's looking good for his boy, George.
How does it feel?
It's a little Miss Fudge when you're sitting there,
yanking on your pudd, watching your Jeff Stryker gay porno video.
How do you feel to yourself knowing that you're the hero of the antithesis
of what you're all about, huh?
It must make you feel really good, Miss Fudge.
You self-hating faggot.
You little flamer down around the beach.
God.
David Brock, like I said, had the balls to come out
to put an end to all of his hypocrisy, okay?
When's it going to happen, Miss Fudge?
Or are you having too much of a good time with Anne Cotter?
That's a ganky bitch.
God.
Just makes me want to puke.
Yeah.
Go along snowflake.
You see that?
No.
Yeah, you did the little albino, uh,
oh, the albino ape, yeah, yeah.
The albino ape.
We had the grape ape.
Now we have the albino ape,
but unfortunately snowflake died.
You said albino ape.
And then Jeff High walked into the room.
Oh, there you go.
He died?
Jeff High died?
Not yet.
Well, let's have a party.
Oh, he is a day-york.
What's he doing in there during the show?
Is he bothering Josh?
Josh is sweating up a storm like yesterday.
He's in a training, okay?
He's training.
He's wearing a training bra.
He borrowed one from Doreen.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I must have had to cut that in half.
He's got his head in one of them.
And she got her ass in it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
One thing about Doreen, she's all-
Backed him.
Hard.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
First time long time.
Okay.
I watched a program last month on time time,
or one of those other news programs.
And it was a story about a man and a woman who got divorced
and the woman was saying that her son and her young daughter,
a young son, were both molested by this man.
Now, she went to, she took him to court, got to divorce.
He went to prison.
They had the kids up on the stand.
He did prison time.
Got back out.
Went through the court system to get his children with supervised on the weekends.
Right.
Now, after that, by she accused him again,
said the kid came home and said he was touching them inappropriately.
Now, he went back into court and the psychologist gave him a brand new text that they have
with a visor that shows different images that took up to a computer
or something similar to a lighting sector.
But this one has a band that is put around the penis.
And they set the man there and they go through three or four hours
and show it a different visual images.
Yeah, those are ones we're going to show to Miss Fudge pretty soon over there on the beach.
Well, they say that they can sell with 99.9 accuracy of what will turn you on.
Why in hell just don't they do this with Michael Jackson and get done with this business once and for all?
That doesn't prove it.
Because that doesn't prove anything just because he might be excited or roused by it doesn't mean
he did anything.
No, it doesn't prove that he didn't think that it would prove that he got turned on by watching
little children naked and so we already know we already know that.
We already know that he's there.
No, we weren't there.
We don't know it had to be proved in court.
This would prove him one way or the other.
If he did it, send him up the river.
Okay.
They didn't do it.
He's off the hook.
Okay, Pellie.
Come on.
I think that guy wanted like put Michael Jackson's penis into that thing.
Sound like it.
Of course they already checked out the first time in 93.
Don't you remember?
Don't we still have that card somewhere?
That might be in there.
The Michael defense and solve.
No, it is.
Pretty far amg of anything.
It is of giving all that I have all that I have to give.
My penis.
My buttocks.
My lower torso.
Rectomy.
Guys.
And any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world.
All right.
He's spreading it around.
Here's Parkland.
Hello.
Parkland.
Hello.
Hello, all you have inside.
Yes sir.
Pretty good.
Hey, did you just say that the Republicans were Dung Ho?
Yes, they're Dung Ho.
I called for a couple of reasons.
First of all.
Ever him.
He was the former leader of Vietnam.
I believe South Vietnam.
But he was assassinated.
Right.
Yeah.
You said there's no outrage. Well, I got out of the age this morning and I tore up my AARP card and let them know to cancel my membership.
Oh, right.
Actually, boy, talk about stabbing your own people in the back. And of course, they sold out. They said they got paid off by the pharmaceutical companies. Everybody knows that.
No question about it. The Harold yesterday had an excellent column by Leonard. It's, I don't know if you happen to see it, but it was funny because what it said is George Bush and OJ walk into a bar.
That was the beginning of it. And basically what it was saying about was how neither one of them has any credibility. If you have the chance, look online on their website. I think you would like it a lot.
Okay.
The other thing I wanted to mention is that you were talking about the poll today in regard to the democratic contenders. I think Michael Jackson has a better chance of winning the presidency than June Eberman.
And the one candidate who better than any can help to defeat George Bush is George Bush.
Yeah. Well, he's going to help his job. He's working on it feverishly. Let's hope he keeps up the good work.
Oh, I'm sure he will. Take care.
Have a great day, pal. I have a great holiday. Here's the fact that says if West Tarkets and nomination yesterday made Bush, will they have to dumb down and sound like a good old boy to compete?
Hey, I'll tell you if he's his fiery and is worked up as he was yesterday. If they pop on couple of agres, he'll talk Bush into the ground.
It says after all he was a road scholar. He's been all over the world. But of course, so Clinton was a road scholar too.
Yes, he was.
And was also an outstanding speaker. It says this cowboy of a president who had never been to Europe all of his life until he stole the White House must have peeled of any Americans who like to elect a drink and buddy and sell of a white well educated, not getting a college because of his father man.
West is from the South. So we may have a shot even though he's a man of the world, the real world. That is a smart and saw. He's a good old boy. Even when we don't talk like that, you don't talk like Bubba.
He's here. So don't talk like Al Gore and Tennessee.
Lock, I think he's got a shot. I really do. I don't know. See, I liked Dean. If I had to choose who's my favorite candidate would be Howard Dean, but do I think Howard Dean's got the best chance to win? No.
See what I'm saying? Let's take a bow down there. There's a nice ticket. Yeah, what would it? Why choose? Yeah, Clark with Dean, either either or no. You're not listening to what I'm telling. I heard you're not listening. You're not listening. You're not paying attention. You're not go stepping. I will.
Get that. Get that. That 45 to be angle. Yes, sir. Sing high. He's a devil. You don't say that yellow. You got a cover all the bases.
From 57 at 560. How? Tell you Katrina's cover all the bases. She's already lost four pounds last week on balance for like. And she just started.
And one thing we love about Katrina, not only she a very nice person, a sweetheart, but we know that she's dedicated losing the weight and she'll do it. She's not going to screw off an embarrass us all like somebody. I don't want to mention the beast who embarrassed and humiliated no matter how many times I went for back for that to bad for that cover crap. He just kept falling off the wagon.
Because you want to know why? Is this for a little rich, the kid who doesn't really care about being fat. He hasn't care. He's just spoiled.
As opposed to Katrina, who's a sweetheart and wants to lose the weight and you can't do the way she's doing it with balance for life. They make it so simple that even you folks can do it. That's right. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, nothing to worry about.
They deliver a black sack to your door every day. It's the best sack you ever got your hands on because inside is all the food you need to keep you full happy and the satisfied all day long and healthy too.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in there. Nothing frozen, nothing pre-fat, no chemicals, no additives, no garbage, just fresh delicious meals. And you choose between two alternatives for each meal every day. It's your own program. It's the only company that lets you do that. You fill out a menu once a week and they get the great food to you by six o'clock every morning.
So if you're tired of being a big fat slob, if you're tired of being lethargic having absolutely no energy or diabetic or close to it, let balance for life finally help you lose that weight and get in the back in good shape again.
You'll start seeing results on that scale in just a matter of days when you call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or on the web. It's balance for life dot com.
Oh, this is on this is not a tumor. It's the one that to our are you confused lonely drifting through life without direction.
I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an episcopal bishop. You see the flashy hat and robe are just the beginning. There's the glitz glamour plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed eight by ten of Harvey Firestein with every archdiocese.
Commandments, commandments. We think of the more as suggestions. I mean ten commandments are five. But if you can bat 300, it's fine with us. Catchings an option too.
Or if you're into the sweet science of boxing, you can always beat the bishop. Now if you're thinking, hey, I'm not a Piscobal. How can I be a bishop? Don't worry. We have two bishops that are Muslim by the aficists and a Buddhist bishop that let your rubbers belly for good luck before you play bingo down in Saint Latoya's join us.
The few the proud the color coordinated a Piscobal bishops. One or two at five sixty. You never come. So anyway, these blast and bag dad. Yeah.
They're in the green zone, which of course on Q. I. M. They don't understand what that means. If it's the red zone, then they'll have to do with football. But the green zone they don't know from. I thought that was for loading and unloading only near the Iraqi ministry of information is where the hell I was.
There's a sounding. And who cares about that? The back to the GDP again. See, they don't know what the hell it was all about. So every now and then I'll show us a picture of bag dad. And there's like a little smoke off in the distance. And there's like their blow and some more smoke up your butt. And that's it.
And the CBC has it on. Oh, do they really be given us the MS? I don't know. Well, somebody's got to watch him. Brummer today. He, of course, the CPS administrator. He said that there's been a change in strategy by the insurgents that they are targeting the Iraqis more than they are the Americans. Now let me play for you. Just a little clip of what Paul Brummer had to say.
The former regime loyalists and jihadists have always pursued a policy of intimidation. They have failed to intimidate the coalition. They have now begun a pattern of terrorizing innocent Iraqis in an effort to drive them away from the goal. They share with the coalition.
The Democratic and peaceful Iraq. I guess the ones that the coalition didn't kill and made me in the injure. I guess they're taking care of them now. Right. We're not terrorizing civilians over there. No. Thank goodness for that.
5.6. We're just sending in that good Christian love so we can wipe out all the scum of the earth. That fact. I should have framed it. We should have kept that. I know which I like better that one or the story that I copied out of the times. He keeps faxing back by the way. And saying what? What is he saying?
I was impressed that I could quote Jesus, which by the way, no more. I want to get all his misiffs. I find him most amusing because amusing and pathetic and dangerous and scary all at the same time. All of these things. Here we go. The presentable.
I'm an actor. So now George has got this dialogue going back and forth with his good, the professional goy out there. I'm leaving them. Okay. Leave them. I just threw him away after that. Don't do it.
But I'm not censoring your faxes. I thought you're tired. Him. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. I just wanted to say I like to debate too. And look, I like how are Dean. I very much agree with you. But I think it left the Clark in a debate with George Bush. I've already had knowledge.
The Westwick Park was you know, a Supreme Allied commander. Right. And he during work with NATO, he managed to stop one of the most horrific Holocaust since the Second World War. 800,000 people still died. And slaughter with 37,000 American sorties over the former Yugoslavia.
And no, not one pilot died. Now, I hate that way. I'm trying to follow you said he did one in the Second World War. No, I said that that's what you said. Now I said that the world war ended in 1945.
I said, he would have been about 80. No, I said, I said the worst Holocaust. Yeah, we served the Second World War. Well, what was done, you know, in the service in the early 1990s and mid 1990s and finally Clinton had to do something. And then when he sent Wethley Clark over there to be, you know, Supreme Allied command. Yes. Yes, he said that.
Right. Right. They got very upset because he was, you know, because he smoke. Right. Oh my God. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm going to go back to the Michael Jackson story.
5 6 on. I'm waiting for these taxes to start puking in here from David. We can get a real good correspondent going back and forth. Maybe we can save him from his Christian fairy tale. By the way, David, it's Bailan who you're talking about.
I know more about the Bible than you do. Oh, yeah, you're messing with a wrong guy. He's our mess with George on a biblical crap. George knows his crap. In fact, if you ask me sometimes he's full of it all this morning. I'll get rid of some.
And then some during the show. I didn't want to go over to by the way. If mom's listening to me, please know George didn't have a Bm for three days, but I made up for it because I had three today. Okay. I'm very from pressed.
Look at the way he spells is impressed. I MP R E S T E D. Impressed that you quoted Jesus Christ on the show God spoke through a donkey asked in the Old Testament. He can even use you on earth. Christian David again taking a cheap shot. See these are good.
David chose what I hate for miserable past. He is which is the good Christian way. That's right, David. The guy's name was Bailam David. This is the answer of facts from Mike. I said I'm a Christian, not my what Mike. And there was never any name on the other facts much less Mike. Maybe they're what I'm a Christian, not my wife. She's a Hindu. She's the one with a house in the BMW. I live in intent in the backyard.
So what does it have to do? But she loves her stuff. Please pray she'll see like see this is all a joke. And you don't get it.
Call the joke. Okay. He lives in a tent in the backyard. Uh huh. Right. That was sarcastic. He's getting a little tense. Maybe he's pitching it. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
I was going to say something about a pup tent, but I'm not going to do it. Why push a good thing? Well, here's a call from Tampa. Hello. Tampa. Hey, yes, sir. How you doing, man? Okay. Listen, I was a David fax. He all that. It just chaps me and I don't chase easily.
It says. So I guess God's a Republican, then, right? Right. Of course. And I know that I've got a quick quote to read. Even Russia's got town on loan from God.
I've got a quick quote to read you a general moral instruction without a religious foundation is built on air. Consequently, all kinds of training and religion must be derived from faith.
We need believing people. That was the original speaker was Adolf Hitler. Right in 1933. Uh huh. So it sounds like Bush and a escrow. Main line. Yeah, but I bet you Hitler didn't cover up and make it statues. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Appreciate it. Okay. Oh, I asked for a fit of good with a bone. Oh man. He'd have been the leader of the SS. I need to put that hymn. Reckimler to shame, man. God is mitones, man. God is on our side.
That's right. Skig howl. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. A merry band of Nazis. Innocent people are dying every day. We got the bombs blasting and we've turned Iraq into a into a nightmare into like a total jungle.
Total this array and the and the public says back is stupid as they are and they buy it. That's what I love. This business about well, it's going to cost us so many billion dollars to restore the electricity in the whole country.
Well, for crying out loud, it was working before we started with our shock at all. They quit and it's picking and this guy's talking about Clinton bombing Iraq. What the hell are these people talking about? Jesus, Kate Christ. What's the case stand for Christmas? I thought you were going to say something else.
I'm not talking about her now. Oh, are you bringing to reading this again? I heard you. What's going on? Here's Val Harbor. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, new. How are you doing? You left me hanging there like George. I didn't quite get. But Neil, what do you mean by that? When you said with a K. I didn't, I didn't get it. I don't. George said with a K. Oh, you never heard of Jesus. K Christ. He shops at Kmart. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Neil. I'm calling. I am going to. I'm sorry. You're going to be. I'm going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. I'm going to be, I'm going to be. You're going to be. Yeah. I'm going to be I'm going to be. You're going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going
I'm not I'm not that I'm disagreeing or agreeing with you, but I don't care whether what you just say something
I don't care I don't like ass lookers. I like somebody. It's got you know
Yes, I don't think people are sending up
Neil why is it because this is a different generation unlike the generation of Vietnam and people
I wanted to want to stand up and go against where they thought was more but that's my generation
Those are the baby boomers. Where the hell are they now? Where how come they all lost their voice?
They lost it. Neil this generation is the kind of watches TV
And if something is taken away their buzz or they're high they'll just change a channel
Oh, CNN just stole my line. They put rhinestone to cowboy on in front of the Glenn Campbell picture you assholes go ahead
So I'm sorry and I think it's just different generation Neil and people here just have to change a channel and
They just pretend those and exist. That's right. You're right. You're oblivious
There are how else can you explain the fact that all of this crap is going down and the public sits back and
Just buys into it there. They're oblivious. Now they just turn the TV off and go out shopping out the near small and
Right and get over it and especially now
Especially now. So let's just suspend all of our interest and meaningful things elective me or anyway, right?
Okay, pal. Neil and the other thing. I think the only way that Clark
Can really beat bush is if sometime early next year Hillary
Did join together in Clark becomes the the vice president?
I don't see anyone else. So not gonna. I should probably put Hillary on her
She doesn't but she I mean she's not running. I only put people who are running sure run. I'll do it by maybe February March sure run. I'll vote for
All right, Neil. Okay. Thanks. I wouldn't be happy about it because I don't have any idea what her qualifications are
I mean so she's a senator and she was ready to a president that we all like but
She's a lawyer mm-hmm. She's willing to you know, she's not a perfectionist
She understands that people have flaws. She's willing to look the other way when her husband's getting blow job
I don't know what's wrong with that. I'm mighty white of her
well
And she's the ice princess. We don't have to worry about her screwing around with any guys. She looks good to sunset plus
Dikes her in these days
Was hard to miss in the autumn of 1970
He was a hard-drinking car dealer accomplished thief and a con artist
One of my criteria for any relationship. I
Was no Miss Arkansas
I was very very ugly a
dog
I had never met anyone like him and we went for a long walk that turned into our first date
As we walked he complimented my long flower patterns skirt and pulled it off
I
Gassed he leaned over and said to me
Hillary I want to do it. I
Thought to myself. Hello
Bill and I ended up in the kitchen
Then we lifted up the skirt over and over again
He went nuts
Soon I was flat on my back on and under tables. It was quite a sight. I
Was delighted
By the time the event ended I could hardly stand
Then at twilight Bill asked me to marry him
Absolutely not I replied I
Would rather have had a root canal
What kind of date is comical
Elected with the best chance again
New like the
Various esteemed years have never cheated
Accounting and not be defeated if your help I know she can win
So vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
She's got the guts stand by her man. She can't do no one can she's gone
And a lawyer to just think of all the laws she'll push through get out that ballot right in
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
Her mates don't care if that's true, but he ain't nothing that push hasn't tried on you
The other kind of dates fine on TV, but are not high fine as Hillary
But early but often
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton taking the great political wise of his degree
Who outside your husband just like Hillary
A meld to be a patch up and even for Roman next to Hillary Clinton
You're all out show but early vote often
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
Hey, the child double L-A-R-Y Hillary Hillary Hillary she's our guy
The great state of Arkansas she looks like she got off the set of L.A. Law
The guy totally pulled by me
So vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh right
You go girl
Anyways, one 19 at 560 W here. Now you notice
That we get that still shot the night shot night vision in Baghdad, right
But I still am wondering how come it is now that we've got everything under such great control
And of course the combat ended in May
Well, President of the combat part of the award was over
Why are we getting like on a regular basis live TV from Baghdad?
Why are we or aren't we?
Are we not?
Because you just said it.
We have everything under control now.
Oh, is that it?
I thought maybe it was because they didn't want us
to see what was really going on.
Exactly.
Oh.
Here is a fact that says, hello, Neil and George.
You only were able to describe the way I feel about the American
public and then in gigantic letters.
I see dumb people.
And you say what?
Amen.
Big, big letters.
I see dumb people.
I see off a lot of them.
Anyway, speaking of Michael Jackson,
so they also rated the office of his private investigator.
They were looking for these love letters, I guess,
and also the video tapes.
Yeah.
And they got Warner Wolf was going to testifying court say,
let's go to the video tape.
But you wouldn't know what that means.
Of course not.
Jack O'Noe laughing matter.
A Hollywood comedy club owner said yesterday
he feels guilty for introducing Michael Jackson
of the Cancer Strict and Boy, who has since charged
the pop star with molesting him.
Jamie Masada.
Yeah.
Found that name.
I'm just trying to think it reminds me of Jorge Posada.
It reminds me of Tim McCarver, who might test just
incredibly.
And every time he anches, he's going to be playing
a McCarver, be doing a game like in a World Series.
He says Jorge Posada.
It makes me think, Tim, you're in a literate ex-joc,
and you make me want to die.
You make me want to just give it all up.
Jamie Masada, founder of the famed LaFec,
we said he realized something had gone wrong
when he received an angry phone call
from the boys' mother several months ago saying something happened.
Where do you know what they say, don't you?
No, what happens?
Masada declined to divulge what the woman said
in her angry telephone calls.
But now Masada fears he may inadvertently
have exposed it to a world boy to a pervert.
I really feel guilty because I was the person
who brought them together.
He told extra.
This is in the New York Daily News.
What would you do if you see a kid who has three to four weeks
to live in his wishes to meet Michael?
Masada went public after Jackson launched a cyber offensive
against the career crippling charges.
The allegations are predicated on a big lie, Jackson Saddam,
his new website.
There will be a show.
And this will be shown in court.
And we'll be able to put this horrible time behind us.
We'll be able to put it in his behind.
Diane Diamond, the court TV reporter
who broke the current Michael Jackson scandal, says,
I absolutely know of the existence of these love letters.
And she described them this so salacious.
Who would you like to add salty?
Salty and salacious.
I just mentioned those guys in person.
Let me ask you something.
If you don't want to engage in some unsavory acts,
why would you leave a paper trail?
Because when you feel like you're above it all,
when you've gotten off the first time
like you did 10 years ago, and you feel like you're above it all
because you're a superstar, you're an icon,
you're the king of pop.
Right.
Look at that Glenn Campbell man.
Get a haircut, Glenn.
Get a new do, baby.
Man, he is Schmidt-faced.
Look at that. He's drunk.
He is drunk.
Somebody be ill, OK?
He never stole a freight train.
Nobody don't like a little thing, Campbell.
They caught him before he could get to there.
Oh, you're just saying crap because you don't like
country music, man.
Country music is where it's at, baby.
Country music.
Like moonshine.
Moonshine and I walk a line, OK?
Right on.
And I'm humping a porky pine.
Oh, look out for an imprix.
Moby and Souros launch contest for anti-bush commercial.
Here's some good news.
Electronic pop supreme on Moby has teamed up with Jonathan Souros,
the son of billionaire George Souros,
and launching an internet competition
for a TV commercial attacking president George W. Bush.
All right.
The contest called Bush in 30 seconds, how many?
About 30, man.
It's open to the general public will be judged
by celebrity panel including actors Jack Black and Jeanine
Garafalo, Aryan frontman Michael Steip,
and documentary filmmaker Michael Moore.
Oh, how sweet this is.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Anyone can make it submit a 30 second TV
at that somehow based around the truth about George Bush.
Moby right on his website, www.moby.com.
You go, Moby.
Moby why?
Moby.com.
Even though his music is a little more roast.
I like Moby.
Little more roast, though.
Ten entries will be sure listed for the judges
with the winning commercial be broadcast
before Bush's January, Stiffy Union address.
All right.
You hear that?
That is excellent.
The competition is being organized with the help of moveon.org,
the outstanding online advocacy group that helped coordinate
nationwide protesting against the war in Iraq, the Iraq attack,
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Excuse me.
For the last three years, President Bush's policies
have ransacked the environment, put our national security
at risk, damaged our economy, and redistributed wealth
from the middle class to the very wealthiest Americans,
said moveon.org's Ellie Periser,
Periser, whatever his name is.
As the 2004 election years,
its crucial and voters understand why President Bush's policies
really are what they are, et cetera, and so on.
Nice going.
You go, Moby, and you go Jonathan Soros.
Right.
Anything else?
We would like to say to Jonathan and probably daddy too,
George Soros.
50 million.
50 million would be good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless
line.
Here's our polls looking right now.
Which democratic contingent do you think has got the best
chance to be George W. Bush in 2004?
429 votes.
Howard Dean 152.
Wesley Clark 125.
Pretty close, huh?
I'll be for you go on.
Hey, Glenn, we can't read this facts.
Is that Glenn in Iowa?
Yeah, we can't read the first one.
We can't read facts number five of the same facts.
That's why you're not getting it.
Can't read it.
But Glenn, from Iowa, is usually a pretty good factor.
But he's a facting a copy of a dark, smeared news.
Can't read it, Glenn.
Thank you anyway, but cut the crap.
Howard Dean 152.
Wesley Clark 125.
Nobody can be Bush 20% 86 and even 20%.
Al Sharpton 20.
John Kerry 19.
Dick have heart eight.
Eight people out there like Dick.
John Edward 7.
Carol Mosley Braun is six.
Dennis Gassini, even at Nasty, Hairpiece 4.
And Julie Roman too.
Who have Dennis Gassini's don't look like Wesley Clark?
Does he have false teeth as well?
And also I think a stunt penis.
20.
26 past 1 and 5.
6 to QA.
I'm not a lie.
I'm a lie.
And look all.
This is for real.
What's up, stomach?
You ain't a 2AM.
Bang in the butt, honey.
Don't miss MTV's very special holiday program
on newlywed Thanksgiving.
Hi, I'm Nick Wache.
And I'm Jessica Simpson.
As you know, Thanksgiving is that sacred time of year
when we celebrate the birth of Jesus.
No, hunts, that's Christmas.
It is.
I thought Christmas was the birth of Santa Claus.
Join Nick and Jessica as they welcome you into their home
for their lavish Thanksgiving feast.
Okay, look at this beautiful table of food.
And right in the middle is our giant chicken.
Honey, that's not a chicken.
Who is it, tuna?
A newlywed Thanksgiving will make you thankful
for so many things, especially the fact that you're not Nick LeJay.
Every year on Thanksgiving, we share what we're thankful for.
I'll go first.
I'm thankful for all those poor Buffalo who gave their lives
for Buffalo wings.
And I'm thankful for these parents.
It's $600 shoes.
And...
What, what, what, those shoes are $600?
Relax.
That's only $400 per foot.
Now, what are you thankful for, Nick?
I'm thankful there are no guns in the house.
Huh?
I don't get it.
A newlywed Thanksgiving only on MTV.
One thirty two five sixty WQA.
And boy, to think she said, right across the table from you.
Yeah.
And to think that I was always oogling about him.
I don't like her famous.
Her hooters were not a tenth the size they are now.
They, uh, now they're famous.
They're famous for being a moron.
And he's famous for being like Mary to a moron.
But they grew some.
Grew some is the word five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18
and T in Verizon line.
We got the mad dog at two,
Humber at the American Airlines, uh, Miami Heat Mickey,
Ursa, Norena at four.
Ricky William show from the Cleveland, or as Dan LaBaster does the rim job at seven o'clock tonight.
Eight o'clock, Hurricane Hotline with Josh Darrow and the Beast.
Together again, they're really tight is what I'm hearing.
Hurricane Warmer patented.
We got UM basketball against the Rhode Island Rams.
They're going to be rambling it in Vegas at 10 at the Cape for the basketball game.
Joe and Mark overnight, we're getting more popular by the minute.
In fact, room where I'm hearing it.
All right, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, I've been waiting on the telephone for so long.
I've got what I want to talk about.
Somebody Hillary Clinton, you know,
I think she's a numbsist, the tension bitch.
If her bad milk now comes on fire.
Okay, great.
She'd be fine.
I wanted to see where he was going with that.
No, I know where he was going.
Okay, all the way to where it's on.
Five six seven oh five six.
I want to hear the rest of the story.
Well, I'll bet you did.
Call up Paul Harvey.
He'll tell you he's taking a peek.
Is that like near the eerie canal?
I think so.
It's pretty eerie.
Or is it not the elementary canal?
Makers of the Reagan's bash CBS editing.
The director of the Reagan's complaint yesterday that CBS butchered his made for TV movie,
ultimately making it too incoherent for the network to air.
We were in a sense banished from the editing process before CBS
ditched director Robert Ackerman said no relation to harness racing driver Doug Ackerman.
CBS decided last month to cancel its movie on a former president shutting it off to showtime on cable.
Showtime while they're the filmmakers version on Sunday, whatever's left of it.
Producers and stars of the movie commented extensively about it for the first time in a conference call yesterday.
CBS's decision not to air the Reagan's came after weeks of complaints by fans of the former president that would distort his legacy.
CBS president Leslie Moonvers said that Monday the movie was politically pointed that he would have made the same decision to cancel it.
Even had there been no public outcry.
Right.
Right.
I was told it was going to be a love story that the politics would be in the background.
He said, I didn't feel that was the case and I don't think it was balanced.
Just like Ronnie was unbalanced.
Neil Miron, one of the film producers said the filmmakers only point of view was to humanize Ronald Nancy Reagan.
Robert Greenblatt, showtime's entertainment president said Moonvers JFK example was ludicrous and specious.
After Moonvers said that CBS had different standards for movies that would not air for example a film like Oliver Stone's JFK.
Greenblatt noted that Moonvers had paid for the movie and had full access to the script and the film was being made.
The bottom line is when the crap started hitting the fan and they said, oh you got a good point we're not going to put that on.
I probably got a call from director and I'm really glad.
Oh, invited me here.
Wal and Dumbo, Alfredi Newman Jr.
Wow, it is scary man. It is a scary.
Oh, he's talking about the prescription benefit kicking in 2006.
How it benefits him.
Yeah, it's going to kick in. He deserves a kick in the hands is what he deserves.
What he's doing to this country.
But again, a lot of people out there now let's take a look at the pool.
20% say you can't lick bush.
451 votes, which democratic contenders got the best chance to beat bush in a year from now.
A little bit less than a year.
Howard Dean 159, Wesley Clark 132.
Nobody can beat bush 91, 20%.
John Kerry looks really scary, 21.
Al Sharpton 20, Dick Hephart 8, John Edward 7,
Carol Mosley Braun 7, Dennis Cassinets 4, and Julie Lieberman still got that tiny pair.
Oh, I don't know.
I just dropped your facts on the floor. I hope it's good.
Oh, it's another chronic factor.
Who says the anti-crisis here and his name is George W. Bush and you are absolutely correct sir.
A Medicare reform.
After years of meticulous planning the right wing now control all three branches of government.
They own and control what used to be our free press and don't forget about most of the radio stations in America sir.
All the good news is that the cheap channel is putting another right wing asshole on here on IOD.
I'm shocked and dismayed.
Right, what a shot.
By playing a very patriotic lullaby they have the country in a deep slumber.
They're now free to do their evil doings.
The Nazi swastik has been replaced by the our precious American flag.
It says our only hope is to get out there and vote in 2004, but the elections could be rigged again.
Thanks for being a shining beacon in this time of darkness.
It says in its suffice.
Well, whatever I can do for you.
I just vom my head and shine my bald spot.
It's all I can do.
Right, the sounding beacon.
Burit and shine it.
567-0560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Land.
Don't forget the schedule this week.
We got a big dolphin cowboy game in New York on Thursday on Turkey Day.
Hallelujah.
Since I lucked out I decided to work on Thanksgiving Day.
So George could be with his family on Thanksgiving Day and you know do his thing.
We're going to have Turkey in hand.
How do you like this?
Since I already celebrated Thanksgiving in Canadian Thanksgiving a month ago.
As usual Canadian Canada way ahead.
But anyway, so then on Friday Georgia beyond from a tentative but so I'll be tentative New York on Thursday.
And I'm not really sure what I want to do.
Maybe just play a bunch of stuff.
Maybe tomorrow we'll do all four hours like a regular show and not one of those one to two things.
Although I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see how it goes.
We'll play it by rear.
Hi.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, I'm currently beyond vacation from Nova Scotia.
No, this is Reverend Jones again.
Who ought to be in Nova Scotia.
Okay.
We ought to drop your ass off and then maybe later on the rest of you too.
See now even I'm on Nova Scotia's you are.
Well, he is your right.
You're right.
He's just way over the top.
Yeah.
And shoulders.
Next time you shop at the track by the way I've looked instructions for Dick Feinberg and Steve Wolf to have your ass kicked big time.
That rich and derrick will be down to take care of your ass for a bit of it.
You know that might be worth a trip to the track.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Maybe you'll show up.
Right.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, hey.
What is it?
Hi.
Yes sir.
Your phone is really bad.
I change your servers.
I'll try to call back from another line.
I'm in a bad area.
No, no, no, no.
It's okay now.
It's good now.
Okay.
I had a question about, you said something last week about this Canadian broadcast and agency that had a documentary on the Bush situation.
And I tried to write it down and have a pin with me.
Could you please give me that website so I can find one for me.
About the Bush situation?
The conspiracy thing.
Oh, that website.
I might have website.
NeilRodgers.com.
Say it again.
NeilRodgers.com.
NEILRODgers.com.
NEILRODgers.com.
It's called conspiracy theories.
You just click on the link and it's all right there for it.
And have a great thing in a new phone.
You guys switched to a Verizon if I were you sir or AT&T or whoever you like.
Right?
And you keep the same phone number now and you can take the phone at home.
You can shove it down the toilet.
And you can like get your wireless phone at home.
I think that our old fashioned phones are going to be over for too long history.
Oh yeah.
Already.
They're facing like our old TV sets.
Everything is like obsolete.
And of course now DVDs.
What's the next thing after DVD?
Because I'll tell you if you've got a VCR, which of course we all do.
But if you have a VCR like look at it lovingly and longingly.
Because that's also just about out.
Right.
DVDs run their way out there saying like I have that little memory stick that you can drag files to and from.
Everyone is going to have their own personal memory storage device.
It'll probably be your phone.
It's like I can use my own phone.
And everything that you want will be on there.
And you won't pay for products.
You'll pay for the data.
Wow.
So in other words, whatever you want, all you do is just stick it.
That's my life.
And look all.
This is 4305 City.
You ain't way.
I want your phone.
No, but you don't know.
I used to think that I could not be home.
I'd say we'd keep quiet because I'm a star.
And now being here is the best for copying fields.
As long as grass is on the plate, you can feel it.
If I can see it, then that can do it.
If I just believe it, then there are my charred heads.
I'm a big pedophile.
I believe I can touch your eye.
You can see it on video tape.
Don't care more than try to survive.
If our courage come home.
You see me running through that open door.
I'm a big pedophile.
Yes.
I'm a big pedophile.
I'm a big pedophile.
Oh my God.
Glenn and I will.
Will you stop already this thing about working with it?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Of course, he also borrowed naked pictures of Brittany.
That's what they were cheering for.
Here's a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Hello, dear Jimmie Nick here.
Oh, man.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a name.
I don't know if it's been mentioned for the, you know, presidential candidate.
And probably it would be pretty fitting, I think.
Let's go back backwards.
You probably haven't heard of this name in a coup in Zade.
Nick Nivar, a president.
Took out the crack dealers.
Remember?
Good guy.
Wow.
He took out the crack dealers and he gave all the supply to this guy.
Just like Oprah, he's got a big,
Beckham crack problem.
I beg of the locals.
This is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
Q&A.
He's going away.
Navarro.
He's in cause of so much grief and sorrow.
He's going to be a star.
Navarro.
Navarro.
He's leaving.
Navarro, but he's just a good step away.
That's a good thing.
The little eastern world will be exploded to Dhamma people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea and the nook there to the nether.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Our napar got let's exploit him instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after sent down to play kato.
Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in law.
But no one seems concerned all comfy and complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Oh, we're fine.
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash drop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservations.
Bout of provoked, battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in half a virgin and fell with no objection at all.
And the cracks don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to operate waspets.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
I'm taking it back in the late 60s when we had all the protests on college campuses and Penn State.
All across America.
That was like really the beginning of the end for Lyndon Johnson.
And of course the peaceful when we started by a bunch of people at that time were considered to be anti-American, Kami, Pinko, Jane Bond, Joan Baez, all of these people.
And then guess what turned out they were right.
And I just came up with the answer to how you get the younger generation, at least the male younger generation.
And well I'm maybe the female too.
In the political system and what's going on in the world today.
You know what it is? It's a five litre word.
Okay.
D-R-A-F-T.
Oh yeah.
All of a sudden you'd see people who think that this is also very amusing and don't really affect them under the lives of all their sex and drugs and rock and roll.
And they'd say, oh holy crap, wait a minute, holy schmit.
You see what I'm saying?
Somebody closed that window, I feel a draft.
Yeah, I feel a draft coming.
I feel a bitter chill.
Chill.
Chillin.
488 votes.
Which democratic contender do you think's got the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004?
This Nazi regime.
Howard Dean 176.
Wesley Clark 143.
No one can beat Bush 94 19.2%.
Shame on you.
John Kerry 24.
Al Sharpton 21.
Dick Gebhard.
We got eight people for Dick.
Carol Mosley-Bronney.
John Edward VII.
Dennis Kassinich V.
And Julie Berman II.
You see, Gebhard probably would have a better chance the only problem is you deal with so many morons out there across the hinterlands that in America most people don't know this.
Bye bye bye!
Send me the Roger Show. I'm Climbs.
I'll give you QAF.
Miami for Mario.
