So I'm vacation again.
Fills in at the floor. We got Marlon's on deck. By the way, oh, I forgot to talk to Pharrell about that. Damn it
Don't let me forget on Thursday to bust his walls, okay? Okay, man. It's late scratch by the way. I beg your pardon
Joe Rose
Mad dog is a scratch and Joe Rose is gonna have to fill in oh, right. Oh my god
I don't understand that place. Does anybody ever work when they're supposed to? What kind of schedule is everybody there on?
Huh
Summer time. No, seriously. You think that everybody's getting like a busman's holiday their most on vacation again tomorrow
Here I am slave it over on my today got no sleep. I feel like a death boil over
But I show up like the trooper that I am my couple a couple of days a week
It's only two months in fact. It's less than two months. Nice going norm you jackass
Now what was I just saying before you interrupted something very important? Marlon. Yeah, no about about
Pharrell I got to bust his balls on Thursday because you know all this Marlon hype and the fact of the matter is there's seven
What is it seven or eight games over now? Beena boy. I think they're eight
I thought it was seven but it could be a bottom line is there only one game away from the wild card now the fillies are falling like a rock and
Arizona courses the other team that they had to beat out and they beat them last night and they get
10,000 people there at P.P. Park to watch the red hot Marlon
You know, it's just the same old crap. It's never gonna change nobody freaking cares
Oh, but it rained yesterday afternoon that it rained during the game. No, I
Mean you talk about lame excuses man talk about a front-running phony town and they can't even do that
On the weekend when they're given away crap then they have their 20 25,000 18,000 people and then during the week nights
It's the same old garbage again
10,000 people
That's of course that is tripled most audience
Absolutely never less and you know something. It's not that far off
I
Hope that joke costellers not awake it because we like to a lot. Okay. He's one of the people in the building we like very much, but
But those numbers man on the overnight show
Get the telescope baby. You can't find him. You can't find him. I'd have to have them search party. Can you believe it?
I believe it now
What do you think the reason is for that because overnight when you're the only live local show? Haven't I said this before yes?
When you the only oh, there's my retired guy WQ I am
Hello
That's not him
Not called earlier online night. Oh, honey. No, that was no, that's not him
He doesn't call him line 9 so you don't even know your chronic smister
Oh, that was a different one you better start learning your chronic smister because you sure don't know him
We're gonna put your ass over there with a guy named Bridgetender pretty soon
Line 9 is that Schwarzer guy that calls every day like him and faxes the one day. He's Chris one day
He's sloy me one day. He's most you perfect. That's that guy now. This guy might be the retired guy
WQ I am
Yes, sir, can you play it for all tapes please?
It's the other asshole. So anyway, can you play the for all tapes please?
Good play the George tape go play with yourself Jackass
So what was I just about to do before that? I was disappointed we haven't heard from the retired guy yet
In fact, you know something maybe this guy is the retired guy for all we know good per right right could be
Okay, so forget about those numbers here's the uphole for today. Oh, not another pull
It sure might be a little bit and of course in honor of the stone being up here tomorrow
The greatest rock performer or performers I put the essence parentheses there
So now it could be one person or a group the greatest rock performers of all time and I got like four which are obvious
Okay, and then after that and I'm saying performers not necessarily the greatest music right see what I'm saying
No, I understand and in an effort to go along with that. I have a suggestion
Okay, well, let me do the first four before you start muscling in before you get a little bit overbearing is the retired guy on yet
I don't think that's it. Oh, here's a call from Davy. Hello
That's yeah, huh?
The other guy well, let's see we had so far the
Played a for all tapes. Please that asshole the tape guy and we got to this clumbal
We don't have the retired guy yet. Maybe didn't know I was gonna be on today the greatest rock performers of all time Elvis the stones obviously
The Beatles or Steve Tyler
See I could have put Erosmith, but who knows from Erosmith, right? I don't know everybody
No, but I'm talking about performance against you're missing the per no man Erosmith everybody knows Erosmith
Okay, okay, okay, you just don't like those lips. What are you talking about big fantasy V? No, you're not
You're like his daughter. No, I'll yeah, I'm not the hot for his daughter
We have a crap about him. Now there's my first four now. Who you gonna end? I changed it to Erosmith by the way since you said performer
Yeah, kiss
Kiss okay. Oh, you're not kiss they probably just did a holiday and express last night
Now let's see who was that also gonna say oh not Wayne Newton, please
No, see that's the reason I put rock performer because I know that some old fossil
But that's an after crap. You know the one I'm talking about he put on a good show
I understand every word that he said where when he sang a song. He spoke to so oh god
Man, I think we had to do screenless today don't you let be your boy put those stories on there. Oh bless you
Seriously, I because I don't really care. I don't I'm in such a fog. Have you ever
George, have you ever done a show when you hit like virtually no sleep at all? Yeah, yeah, and I
Am not having an out of body experience. I mean here right. I'm here. I have no idea how I got first show after I was sick when I was still
Actually kind of sick and it was right I was nothing on night. Well, I had no idea what I was saying
I'm as healthy as a horse, but I can't function on my cup of water sleep. I'm just I don't know
I think maybe I'm just getting nervous about my big trip coming up
You know my big their extended vacation coming up soon my 10 days or whatever it is by the way
Mo I got a nice vacation coming up out of the country
Out of this country to you jackass you old fool you so we got Elvis the stones the stones that is
Beatles aerospace and kiss that's a good start
You see I wouldn't put the beach boys on there because I
Think I thought footage of one of their content. No, but it was almost never that many way Brian was busy with his teddy bear in bed
eating
Eating cheos and he never got out of bed so he almost never took with the group or at least for a long time
And then they had like all these fill in people
Plus did you ever hear Mike love sing live? I saw footage. That's as close as I am. I mean, I'm sorry
I mean I love the beach boys don't get me wrong. They know Marvin Gaye, but I love the beach boys
but
They I'm saying it was weak. He was flat. I was saying that. Oh come on. You know some of the notes were a little bit on
Can I give a high false settle note? Huh? Can I give a suggestion go in the head? Hey listen
You've had nothing else to do. I got you off the phones now. Hi. Thank you
I've only seen them on TV, but what a show. I'm not wait wait a minute before you go on
Yeah, I'm not saying that any of us necessarily saw any of these people in concert
But I'm just saying generally from what you've heard and what you you know kid rock
At least you rock kid rock and Beastie boys now wait a minute. That sounds like two to me
I'm sorry. I like to do you George
One two for a guy who got stuck by a cop again this morning whose lucky as hella cop is a big fan of the show
Making two suggestions on here seems to me to be a little bit over the line pushing over back
I don't say the Beastie boys come on kid rock. Okay
But I bet you this is him here he is here's Miami. Hello
Retire Neil. No, that's not it. What's wrong with you man?
I if there's one thing I can't stand is freaking wannabes you know
Hey, we got a retired whole group of retire wannabes now retire Neil. That's not a little bit like Dennis
WQ I am
Neil Elton John Elton John is a sensational suggestion
Yeah, he's just I mean when he did his huge type concerts
I told him now, but Elton John
Can't be a good question. Thanks. We don't have a good idea. Neil YouTube. Bye. Bye. How could we forget miss Elton? Huh?
Right she puts on huh you've seen some of his concerts in TV duck out fit
How can you put on a show man Alexa what you seldom being seen we're putting this up one now?
Nah now we till I don't know whenever whenever we have like a ten or a dozen okay?
Because you know we got to get enough on her so people have a churse
1026 it's 560 on your out of body station WQM where we I'll tell you man dog had a good book
Hank came in a nice comeback had a really solid book. We had a askick and book. We were number one
But QAM had some problems in that spring waiting book
And you know where they were in the morning baby
Mo in the morning
There has been a lot of morning going on the building is the room where I'm here
Haven't you heard it morning and be moaning you can hear it in every room in the building a lot of moaning going on in no sex
If you're on the act in his diet or any low carb sugar free diet
You need to know that the lights of Westbook is a store where you get a lot of choices because this store is entirely
It's all you over 900 low carb sugar free products in stock so the lights of Westbook is introducing new ones every week every month
And right now is no exception
Be sure and check out the new low carb instant cup of soup all you do is add water and pop it in the old microwave
It's a low carb meal in a cup of four delicious flavors
Check out the simply delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast your own individual sized cheesecake
The list goes on and on almost river can I say it right this time?
No, Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste excellent job, especially in a near-super
Carburey ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes low carb meal and a can the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no
Elton John hasn't been able to get out of the studio. He's back there again with his there dropping like flies album a tribute to John Denver
You'll hear that classic. I'm dying in a prop plane. Goodbye rocking out road
Hello, this is Elton John and Elby in the studio to record other tribute record
That's right look for a good buy up DR and a candle in the Kremlin
Attribute to Joseph Stalin Elton John's tribute album. They're dropping like flies on sale now
10 3 1 and 5 60 WQ I am Joe Rose for the mad dog get there one at two o'clock mad dog having another one
What 5 6 7 these off this week by party now. What do you think Joe's gonna be talking about today hour from bokeh?
Here's the facts that says AC DC who will be here tomorrow by the way for SARS stock
AC DC has the best performance complete with the barrage of cannons guitars and a huge bell
You've got to see him before you croak
You know, you notice all the we're starting to move. I think you started with the old man crap
You old man this the old man and I'm gonna be honest as usual even when it hurts bad
I will say today. I can honestly say
For the first time in my life today you might want to mark it on the calendar July 29th. I feel like an old man
Okay, I really do I feel of course it's because I have any sleep, but I feel like I'm freaking no no sure
I feel like an old man. Well, that'll do it not not sleeping. Oh my god. I feel like at least 90 you know
Maybe a hundred. I feel like I'm ready to move to sunrise lakes. Oh god
So we're at a AC DC you got it got it got it phone head boy. I also Miguel wanted us to put Billy Joel on
I've seen the concert it is a great concert. Oh listen, I don't start getting defensive
I mean, I didn't really puke my guts out when you said that, but I'm gonna written down right here
AC DC this be good list the the question is
The greatest rock performer or performers that's with the without an S it could be an individual like Billy Joel
Or could be like a group of all time. I don't want to influence the audience in any way shape or form
Oh, I think we ought to put her on there don't you for fun. Okay, let's put say a cruise on here, huh? Give a repeat put in the dip
Hey
And you know we want to apologize for all the cost of comments we made about say the cruise don't we know and about Bob Hope no see I hate Bob Hope
Dead or alive he was first of all rear right wing asshole mr. Republican number two mr. golf
So both of those are big turn off for me. Thirdly, he never said a funny thing in his life
Ever I mean even say the cruise once said
Which I thought was kind of a reason that's not as funny as that other track. It stuck in my head
I mentioned what are they track one of the ones that you fire off it starts not saying
I'm not timing
I know seriously all the world was there
That was a guy in drag
And who the hell is she to be calling anybody negative
I beg your pardon are you starting with a darky shit?
I didn't say I
Know I did not did you dump that yeah, I didn't say it. Oh, I did not I purposely stuff right on the line between
What I am the tea I can't believe you dump me that's your tongue to your
You don't worry about what I touched my tongue to mr. Believe me. I don't want to know lately a lot
But I heard it. Maybe that's why I'm so tired and averted it
No, seriously, I mean you you dumped that yeah, I dumped it
I wanted time jickered after right another column, but he of course is out of touch
I can't it was a great line though mark that you're knocking said you're crude yeah, I was
And you see how my psychic powers come into flugging because we got nobody on hold who could hear that because I'm doing scrimless
Is a method to my madness boys of your own?
I'm a presentation. I'm proud to tell you
Sadie sweetheart back from the dead for one last salsa one nice dance in your pants
My
Well, yeah, I know the same mighty Kona in there somewhere never think you say it over and over again
What is that thing that you keep playing at the I heard I was lucky enough to your twice
And I do never listen like maybe for a minute of time here in there. What's that mighty Kona thing? You're where'd that come from?
I don't know what you're talking about
That what do you mean you don't know what I'm talking about
That sponual thing you play that song oh
Oh, that's boka Brian's son
That's boka Brian Jr. That's the mexican love song. What do you mean boka Brian's son?
Boka Brian has a son in case you didn't know
And he's a he's a amateur guitar player are you are you serious? Are you sure?
He lives in a Ted Kaczynski shack and on top of a mountain in north Georgia
But he has electricity and he plays the electric guitar and he aspires to be a a comedy funny song kind of guy
Just like daddy
And that's one of his early attempts he needs to probably a great fit. How come I don't have that next because it's it's
It's even it was an afterthought he gave it to me like on a on a coaster disc not even on a regular boka Brian disc
You better have that thing up here this wakeboker Brian. I thought I want to play bush boss next look at the next check
Might be really small key chat to mother. He's not even saying any of the words right, but it's still history to moderate
What does that mean? I'm here. I'll fax it to you. Does it mean you like your mama? Yeah
No, then I don't I don't want to know what it means that you you you you speak to your all the same
Thanks back performer of all time Alice Cooper
Somebody says I can't get true. Got it down. Okay. We got it down. Here's Carlo says
Is that Carlo or Carlo? It's Carlo. I guess remember Carlo
Yeah, what do you know? I'm not a late boy. The who especially when Keith Moon was alive
I would say it was the most exciting live act I've ever seen on TV mind you a moldy 27
Thanks, Carlo. We got you down. I agree. You got you to say that saw them in concert. It was great. Who? Yes
Don't forget stones here tomorrow
I
Sars gate a star stock whenever hell
I didn't know for me. I'm sure
Yeah, I think we're on concert right here today baby
True that thing tomorrow. There's no telling one kind of words
You better be very alert and listening closely because when I'm in coherent like this is when I'm really the best and I
Blurred out a lot of work. I got dumped already. It's not even 11 o'clock in the morning
I can't believe you did that because I listen I slammed on hey break
I was so I was so proud of myself and you never let the audience hear my beautiful work there if you let me tell you I say
Yeah, sure. Yeah, the tape
Yeah, well during the break. I want you to listen to it. Go back. You're being paranoid about those drops
I took out of the 360 that was clear as a bell baby. No, it was not
Show me. I said it. No, it's not a question of paranoid. It's just with tulipously
Potty mouth stuff you put on her. It's pass A it's pass A when I would the high button shoes. I'm telling you but you know
I don't want to break my precedent. I never tell you what to do and you know and look at the great results
Stuart woman proposes trust god license plate. This is so freaking American. So this depressing
Stuart a 46 year old woman wants the legislature to approve a trust god license plate with a profits used for
Christian purposes
trust god
News and Hilton aboard again Christian who attends Morningside Church in Port St. Lucille
Said money collected from the sale of the plates we go to Christian radio stations and charities through her
Non-profit organization the god connection. How about if we get some of the money for the
God connection
The plate if approved would sell for 25 bucks in addition to cost of vehicle registration
I thought the license plate would be a wonderful way to raise ongoing funds for
For more media for a god hilton said where beseeds with so much negative media
Nice to get a positive message out
Hilton of Stuart need driver license data from 15,000 Florida motorist dude want to buy the plate before the petition
You go to legislature. She soliciting drivers by word of mouth and through her website
But the ACL use is a state license plate is not the appropriate venue for real good
We're not be good. How what if we got a neo god license plate? Yeah
What we have to do we have that one over here on the back of the computer remember
But I mean like a real one sure
Sounds very self-aggrandizing the minute start the campaign
It's is in March if federal appeals were ruled against several pro choice groups who contended that Florida's choose life license plate was unconstitutional
That played approved the 1998 is generate more than a million bucks from sales
Which of course that million bucks and buy a lot of guns to blow up abortion clinics and kill abortion doctors, right
There you go
56705 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line the greatest rock performers of all time
WD Q a m see they give up because I'm taken too long here
WD Q a m
See it won't be anybody left because that's automatic a drop-off thing WD Q a m
When you stop it at negros though, she's the one next time he says that being a brum
I'm actually to dump him okay if I can get dumped you can get a big dump too okay you but different that's like a compliment
I know it it no it's just like sparts okay sparts like a mole for example
I know what he was really sparts it just means black person sparts in in Yiddish and in German means black that's all
But that's the way you say it I see well how about double the douchebag how's that sound mo
What is what's wrong with him where do we start what is wrong with him beside the fact that are you lucky that
See this morning he's driving in his little a baby blue his little a blue what is it a Honda yeah
Yeah, and he's got his light he didn't have the screws not only are the screws loosened his head
But also in his license tags so it gets his new tag he can't find a screw so he puts the tag on the inside of the back window
Which ordinarily would be okay, but he's got dark tinted windows and you can't the Ken O see it right and so the cop stops
I mean luckily for you we happen to be a big gigantic fan. I was in wall probably a bag
I was in wall green my car was parked outside. I come outside to find a cop blocking me in yeah to get ready he says are you be here boy
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's the only thing that saved your little grotesque ass
1041 at 560 wqm on a very incoherent Tuesday and George Wants to apologize profusely for my incoherent behaviors
But yeah, why don't you yeah, I'm serious. I don't know what's going on here every week over half the customers at Dala
mattress are repeat referral customers they know that 1 800 mattresses got the best brands at this
Count prices every day without any of the hassles of showroom shopping and they know what real customer
Services all about because Dala mattresses ranked numeral uno and overall satisfaction you know, let's say said numeral uno
1 800 mattresses delivery down to a science you pick the delivery date and time to fit your schedule
You get it to our windows. You're not sitting home wasting a day of your life and
Dala mattress delivers when you want evenings weekends and holidays
It's easy to see why once people try our friends at Dala mattress
They wouldn't dream of going back to a showroom again
Miguel recently called 1 800 mattress and before he noted he impregnated his lovely wife to be and got the real treatment
They were right on time set it up took out the old bed for free the works and for audio high-end shoppers out there
Dala mattress got a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere in the universe like the silly crown jewel
The sort of perfect night Simmons world class and king coil perfect contour
Dala mattress also has temper pete to famous Swedish foam actresses
So don't wait another minute do the smart thing like I always do come back with pizons at 1 800 mattress right now
1 800 MATTR ES to easy the intelligent way to get you a great night sleep for years to come or check them on the web at
5 and a local
This is 560
Great is all yours
2 a.m
you
Capital records presents the coming out of who great peep tells us it's the out of the closet collection
Tommy can you hear me
Here's my head to steer you
Tommy can you please me
Let me rich appear you
Oh
Tommy
Tommy
Tommy come here. Come on. Just one second. I want to show you
me
me
touch me
You're right there
We're
see me
Yeah
All of me
That's me
Me
Capital records presents these previously unreleased
friends catch be seeing these zones the way they were meant to be the rough boy in slits skirts beat touts at the in my box set
I have these no balls
fall down right
Then I always came to call
They see nothing like it in any bathroom stall
My name is Peter Townsman
And I'm so play a mean
Right now and you'll get a CD bonus track of Pete singing that Helen really classic. I am woman
These are mastercard accepted 1047 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to you
So this is the pool today. We're gonna have like 6,000 selections on you can just I thought it would be a tougher miss
You know going to be a lot of choices. Yeah, the greatest rock performer of all time
We got and we can put it up there now fat Eric. We can put it up
Think you're gonna get it up
No coming
Oh boy you really ripped him and asked you other day
I just happened to come in here right at the right moment. Ask me or he knows I just always pick my spots
I pick my seat like mo
I just don't show anybody and
You were just ripping poor fat Eric up there and ass. Yeah, what did you say about him again?
Call them a fat loaf
You heard of me. Yeah fat loaf right. I can see them. Maybe he can maybe he can be on our pool someday
Performing Orlando fat loaf
Anyway, let's get this up there because a lot of us want to hold on here
We got so many good choices already Eric fat Eric get with it put down to meet loaf and let's go
Elvis the stones
By the way if you're big stones fan well if you're big stones fan you already got all of their hits
Right, I got every album. Oh with this double CD set
Are you making derogatory comments about the stone? Absolutely not. I love the stuff
But 40 licks is just I mean it's got
No, my 40 40 and they're all each one of them is like
So could be the stones or could be
And I don't see her name on her yet. I don't see porcelia
It's bad enough that you were so disrespectful on the year the other day after she croaked
Old gorilla post, but I mean to come on
Let's have a little respect for a seal. Yeah, okay. All our Hispanic listen about there all three of them
Well, Maddie Bell by the way if you give us that breakdown
That should be interesting since he's so desperate to give us some stuff that fat boy didn't legally give us yesterday
And don't call me anymore fat boy you tub. Oh god stop calling me
But it would be nice to see the ethnic breakdown in this book, wouldn't it? We always get that from Eddie Bell
See if we have any Julio's out there any niggas
Jimmy Hendrix for the Pulse is Greg north Miami an excellent choice when you say sure
In fact, I feel like I'm an apropel. He's right now
All he needs a big cloud of smoke
Here you go
And up here that certainly could be arranged. Let's see Johnny says
Number one kiss the alive tour for example number two now here's interesting
Huh
David Lee Roth during the original van Halen they saw them at the Miami Highlight fronton kick ass as Johnny
So we should say back here is Johnny we should say Van Halen yeah. Oh yeah, David Lee Roth. Oh
Van Halen with David Lee Roth
No, just say Van Halen now know what we're talking about all right. What's wrong with you, man
Are you some kind of a communist Van Halen with semi-hagor? Didn't really count
We're not counting that good part
They'll know what we're talking about okay
Van Halen if you want to just Van Halen quick quick complicating see I'm trying to make this simple
We got a lot of simple people out there and you're trying to make it complicated
All I can say to you is
Okay, so let's get the we got already got kissed. Let's get Van Halen on there now
Here's and we got a whole bunch for Bruce Springsteen get him on right away. Oh, although I hate him like poison
See this isn't my this isn't my taste. I vote for whom I like
In fact, I'm gonna cast my vote right now, okay
Okay
And it's not for arrow Smith as much as I love him. Don't surprise you tonight. Yeah, you did huh?
The greatest rock performers of all time
I just want to make sure that there are other votes that came up on here because otherwise it'll make it too obvious
Would you vote for Elvis? No, I did not vote for else
I voted for Wayne Newton myself. I voted for
I was tough it was between her and
I
Guess we don't got time to wait for the whole thing to be between her and
See when you pick when it starts out with the vocal. It's a lot quicker. So I voted for the stones you voted for
Kiss kiss why was there that pause there because we're having a conversation about
Queen I didn't know queen was up there about a queen
Oh, we got to get queen on there Freddie and the mercury, huh? Let's get queen on there
How could you leave out queen out of sight out of mind?
That's not even a one that's Gary Glitter. I know it's Gary Glitter
But he's busy looking at kitty porn now leaving alone
So we got Bruce Springsteen on there
Here's a very interesting facts that says
George had an interesting see there it is again interesting conversation with the caller if they conclusion
Yes, today show well. It's about time
The caller was talking about the courtroom see Michael Corleone. I sure hope he brought the KY
Well, they are Italian, you know
They used olive oil the collar that that's right. He used to know his father in the olive oil business
The caller's opinion was that Frankie didn't testify because he didn't want to embarrass the pentangeline name is being a rat
And the presence of his brother all I can say to that is
George's opinion as well as mine and just about everybody else for the brain was that Frankie climbed up because he didn't want his brother
Wacked no no kidding
This makes the most sense because of in chins or spoke no English no speaking English
In fact the first thing he said when he got off the plane was
And had no idea what the leeway was what was going on. So how could he be embarrassed?
George feels the caller's opinion was valid. What do you think what what?
I said he had a valid point, but I still I still stand by my original
He said to a wimp, you know, said to wish he was she a little wimp. He did not have a valid point. He was an idiot. I disagreed. I disagree with you guys
You know what we really don't give a flying crap. How do you like that? And you know what I did say crap there are almost something else
Almost big go ahead. No, stay outside. I'll let it go this time. Oh, okay for all time say no
No, what do you mean you disagree? What's there to disagree about that? That's what it was all about
He looked at him and they had him so they had his brother and just his very presence there meant that if he testified
That's the way it works. Don't you understand? Well the Kosovo Stras
It's that's the first rule of Kosovo Stras is
You've been reading too many stupid books man
The thing you've learned it brings all over you nice time to leaks
Exactly that's a very good book. I then read the book. The book is great
You have to play all the godfather drop-ins for the next two and a half hours. What do you say?
That's my honor
I think your brain is going to stop
Anyway, it goes on about Bruce Springsteen in about these 53 years old
He plays for three hours in the Audi Audi and he's a performer high-energy. Okay, we got springsteen
Here's another one. It says springsteen. They love Bruce Springsteen. I can't stand him
But he is not about me. It's all about you for what? I don't like him either
During many of the springs was a chronic factor, but it's okay
He says I know you're not a big fan of his, but I'd like to suggest Bob Dylan for your pool. Okay
I thought the best tour was Bob Dylan and the band in 1974
Don't you agree?
I don't mind his music as long as he's not singing it
Good point. Well, he doesn't say anyway. I mean is there anybody out there who including him who really believes that Bob Dylan can sing?
No, no. No, he can't sing. He winds. He just makes scuttle noises
Okay, look at this the pool is up. It's about time Eric
Pulles up the greatest rock performer or performers of all time. Stone's for a kiss for Beatles 3 pink Floyd 3 Elvis 2
AC DC will know
And well, I mean what am I reading the votes for it? It's just a smattering. They just started. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 WQ I am
Hello, yes, sir. Hey
Carlos speak to me. Hey man. Carlos. Hello Neil. Yeah, I'm sorry. Neil. I didn't know it. Don't be sorry. That's okay
Hey man, you gotta put Lezzeplin on there. Lezzeplin how can we forget? Okay, and
Neil it's always good to hear you. It is good to be heard have a great life. Come on. Get on here. Quit sucking around. Lezzeplin got it
Got it. Let's play stairway to heaven ten times. We'll be out of here
Or we could just play
You see you got me started on and I got all these other great cuts on there to book and put on that disc
But that one is
Oh
I've heard that before that is Cecil Cruz
Isn't that real it's really yeah, it was Cecil Cruz who used to play left field for the Red Sox
I believe Cecil the diesel. Yes, he's the diesel. Oh, that's that was George Rodriguez just said that
I'd be real careful next time dinner boys start that van
Yeah, I bet we're trying to 10 56 and 5 60
WQM where we'll follow something that George dumped before before the show he
Something then I said it. Well, it's just the way it goes. Okay, it's yeah, nobody's nobody's around everybody's gone
You know her keen season speaking of that is upon you before storm hits you put the shutters up to protect the windows and doors of your home
But what about the roof of your house?
The so-may paint factory makes roof mastic. It's a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof
So may a roof mastic has saved hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeding off and just flying down the old Hershey highway
So may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made so call the so-may paint factory at
305 633 63 33 33 the so-may paint factories the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacture in Florida
So may will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups
They sell to everyone at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores
So protect your home and property from soft load is tough tropical climbing with the best paints and water
At unbeatable prices call the so-may paint factory at 305
633 63 33 33 and some of the ancient needle to call or find them on the web at so-may
So-may so-may dot com you save a ton of cash when you buy direct from these so-may paint factory like I said
Be sure and tell that be an herboy for you to call
I
We're sports radio five six
QA
French people piss me out
Axel Rose can put out two albums at once
Bruce Springsteen can release two at a time but only one artist can top that now releasing four albums all at once
It's Bob Dylan
Blue
Yes, only Bob Dylan can put out 90 completely new songs at once because no one gets have up these songs or any good
What's he singing about who knows some say the lyrics are about love and rejection
I just say their page 52 of the New York telephone directory
But there are yours on four albums the white album another album the third album and album number three revisited
90 great songs who knows but bio four and they're just 59 cents a pound and look for four more Dylan albums next month
Other state of mind man. He's the rascal house of music. Maybe we'll mistake about it
1102 at 560 WQM 59 votes on the poll pretty weak
That you wouldn't want to know why because a lot of them are still waiting for their group right
Anyway
Erasmith one Billy Joel one Alice Cooper one look at that Cecil cruises got appear
a
Big pair
Elvis for Elton John five pink Floyd six were going from the bottom up of course
The who we have in seven Beatles eight kiss nine and the stones 14 let's hear for the stone
No, what would you say to be the definitive stone record of all time?
I'm like on oh
The
Oh
I'm trying to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way
to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to
find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find
a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a
way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way
to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to
find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find
a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find more a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find an way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way
Yep, what do you mean yeah?
No, just when I picked it up I knew it was him plus we already got to me Henry's on there
And so we don't want to talk to you go away Chuck or Chris or see you or whatever your name is today go to hell away
Yeah, get out of here WQ I am
Damn yes, sir. Hey, hey you got you got some great names on there, but this we don't guy
How about the monkeys that will?
Floaties away
You guys can hold a canless guy is one of these mice hold over 30 million albums Wayne Newton
What are the winning publisher?
Yeah
Raptors for four decades
Unnaked energy Roger Whitaker
The most shitty man mad himself mister and I do mean mister James Brown Ted Nugin Ted Nugin. Oh my god. How'd he pressing?
Okay, the greatest guitar showman in the history of the world
Okay
We got it. Wingo Wingo Wingo. Yeah, I think he's working on his wingo
He's doing the wingo. Tango in his pants that guy
Okay, I don't think so Ted Nugin is on the pool see I told you're gonna be about a whole bunch of names on his pool
Not more than that you're ready for a humongous number on your Eric. He can handle it
See now we're starting to get now to get into it now they starting to a catch on
83 votes still pretty lame. Is there anybody down there?
Where here in town?
No, no
Stones 20 Beatles 11 kiss 11 the who 10 pink Floyd 7 and look at that
Cecil Cruz is moving up with face. I love it
WQ I am
WQ I am
Hello, yes, yes sir. How about the Eagles? How about the Eagles the next one choice?
Welcome to the hotel California. Amen. I wish I was there right now. Thanks a lot, Pally
All right, take a great day. Good on you. How about the Eagles? How do we just let this much time go by?
I don't know if we can super band. Oh my god
So many. I mean just every single piece of music was like
That's what I'm telling the story but I voted for the stars and they're gonna be here to honor the bar for stars date star is
Whatever it is
Stop
Oh, not another one of these stories about another child molesting man of the cloth
No, not a Harry another always gonna have some of that cloth around to soak up whatever spills
Boston spawned New York a former youth pastor who admitted he sexually abused a teenage boy from his church has been sentenced to nine years in state prison
Hi friend Rick C bar is that bear ass
Bar's junior 32 of scholarly or political in June who attempted first degree sawdame a felony
Sir at the county district of Trinity James Murphy the turds had bar bear ass will face an initial five years probation
And must register as a sex offender
Bar's who was youth pastor with the new covenant Christian community church in
Greenwich 35 miles northeast of Albany all but it was arrested in September accused of abusing a boy under 17
Yoddy yoddy yoddy how do you like that just another isolated incident
Ravioly rancin demanded for seven-foot tall restaurant mascot in Dennis, Massachusetts. How do you like that?
The kidnapper of a seven-foot high restaurant chef statue known as fat boy
They have finally contacted its owner and the rancin demand is more apt to pack his waistline than his pocket
I've got your chef and I want 400 pounds of Gorgon Zola Ravioly and Ravioly and unmarked bags
The alleged culprits said on a message left in the answer machine at spaghetti eddies on Sunday
The collar promised to fold back with details of the exchange
He said it in a really mafia-like voice owner and chef Robert Swanson told the Cape Cod times
I don't know who it is
Swanson a former comedian doubts the call came from the real kidnappers
They're not going to want Ravioly for the chef. He said they're going to want money or they'll dump it
Have you do these stuff in Dennis, Massachusetts? Have you ever been there? No, never heard of it
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T WQAM. Hello
QAM
Going once
WQAM. Hello. What about Steely Dan? What about Steely Dan?
You get the data you're reading or what? We're putting them on there right now just a year be hast
Thanks, pal. Thanks, pal. What about Steely Dan? Are we out of gas or are we out of gas? Huh? Are we out of gas? I think
Right against
Yes, we are out of gas. We uh, uh, hey listen if I don't like it
It's got nothing to do with it if you want it man. We'll stick it on air and we'll see we'll let it see if it flies
That's the way these things work. I already cast my vote. I don't want to see what I voted for
I don't want to give you any hint that would like that would skew the pool. You know what I mean right?
We don't want to be skewed up on our pool from it. It's after 11 at 560 on info. Herod Tuesday, August 29th
Happy birthday Scott Farrell, baby
It's just 38 birthdays having his big bash tonight. Where's it going to be
On a boat a slow boat to China. Who's going to be their voting?
It's going to be a lot of people there man. I heard him say he was going to get laid. There's going to be raks and packages and packages and raks and
uh, packages of raks
That's what he said and I rack and he said that the more he said that Moa would just go into hiding is what he said
I couldn't believe him said that about his good close personal buddy
And what he said about his wife which we wouldn't even repeat on this show. No
Let me tell you something good that you can put in your mouth
And that's olio, man
I take him every day. I pop him right in my little purse
olio med soft gels contain the finest the pierced olive oil you've ever heard of in your life
Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you
Olio med in your pussy every day cannot produce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol and all kinds of nasty ailments
Plus there are 14 different olio med formulas you can choose from each one combining the finest and purest olive oil with vitamins minerals and levels
The support specific parts of your health from your bones to your blood pressure cure immune system
All you do is just pick out the formulas that are right for you
And the three latest olio med formulas is want to help you sleep. Oh, but too late now
I guess wait management and sell to you 10 for your heart
Pick up some olio med today while you're doing your shopping
It's all over time more and more people are picking it up at publics
Accords, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, DeRos and Sedanas are ordered online at olio med america.com
If you want more info on their products column tool free at 1 866 olio med
That's 1 866 65 360 633 for better health and can't hurt start popping some olio med in your pussy today
You
But it's for you but I got
Bruce Springsteen from Adonnell. She's got to all be bad-ish. I love him
I love him for the hamburger that he wants to be and for the grimacy once once. I love him
I love him
The big nuggets show me the big nuggets show me the big nuggets
Pickles on you song especially sweet love you complete my extra value meal my extra value meal
There's a secret
Sauce shut up secret sauce shut up just shut up you had me in happy meal you had me in happy meal
McDonald's have you had the boss today? Oh what a thought it's oh god gag me with a prune man
11 18 at 560 W. Come here's a great fact. It says
The sea sea salt drop has me laughing so hard. I'm crying. I hope we were at 99 times it says
The best anything to piss off humorless Cubans the exiles and then it says in big letters with exclamation points no soy exilo
Well, that's congratulations
Yeah, no soy zero. Let's all say together. No soy a zilo. How about the peanut boy? No soy zero?
Is that a great?
No soy zero
Well, because you came on a banana boat before I asked to be an ex and exile right?
What does that mean an exile?
What does it mean like you kind of like remember that band who let's put them on the list exile sounds good to me. Yeah, immigrants
Are you starting again?
Didn't that cup put the fear of God in you this morning?
Yeah, God. He was like nice. Was it one of the because he likes this show the good cops love this show
The bad cops the real asshole cops they hate me they hate George they hate everybody especially high a Leah
Are you picking the high a league and my good my good close personal buddy Moses is gonna get your ass man
You start picking the high a Leah you'll have daddy on you in faster and you can say Rick Sanchez
Moses help
You know what he just did George yeah
See if I sound like I'm on speed today that the the concept that I have in my mind is if I talk a lot faster
The time will go by my foot you know kind of like
Like that and I'm so proud of myself having all the good stuff here in the DCS
It's so it's so good when you got something that really works hard to do stuff like this
Listener George says the Beatles are my favorite all-time band but
Comment not I see but again listener George you're confusing. I'm not saying
Don't what's the best group you've ever seen live because a lot of people never saw concert right?
Right I've seen a few in my time but then on TV it's not the same thing but whatever you get that idea
It's as how many in your listening audience actually saw them on stage
I have trouble voting for them based on vintage black and white Ed Sullivan show clips is the pull about who we think was best or we saw that was best
Who you think was best listener George think think think remember you read for Franklin think
What was that thing that Ferrell was doing yesterday? I heard a little bit of that about the what was he calling the songs
He was playing he played I say a little prayer by Deon Warwick what's uh
What's bad about that saw?
I didn't hear it now. I know. What was that all about?
Well, I was sure better than given way at Marlon tickets anyway
It says the best you ever saw on stage live was Alice Cooper
I'll log on and vote for him. Well thank you listener George
It says we just got back from Europe did anybody drive a car through a doughnut store while we were away
It's a matter of fact a whole bunch
And we had another one of those episodes that the fruit market out there in LA. Do you see that one?
Farmer's market sure
They drawn the best all-time rock performer is tool says Ben and Miami tool you got tool. We got it. I like tool
So I heard
Bachel and Dallas was a huge fan in a real chronic. I'm sure he put the his vote down there from out of state yesterday
Elsewhere in the US
He says as far as the pull goes kiss does not belong on there George
That's what he says. I know keep reading though
I'm just kind down now. Don't think of me instructions if there's one thing I can't stand
147 votes on a pull before we finish a bacho
Stone's 30 the greatest rock performers of all time stone's 30 beetle 17. Not even close now, you know what maybe I've
You can't even begin to imagine the seminar and and of course the tickets are 21 bucks Canadian 16 USA
That's a bargain now bargain can you imagine going to see the Rolling Stones plus the Russian AC DC and again?
Just in think about all these other groups that are gonna be here and the rumors are their McCartney made sure well
Yeah
Cecil oh
Wouldn't that be something if Cecil showed up?
Is
Oh man if that if that isn't the man I'm gonna tell you right now. I'll lick most sack
Anyway
Well, there's an image. I'm gonna have a urge. Uh-huh. Let's get that one on our website right away. Neelixit
Stone's 30 beetles 21 who 16 pink Floyd 14 kiss 13 Cecil cruise 9 the way they
Elton john 8 Roosprings the 8 and the Led Zeppelin 8 Elvis only has seven
Now that's pretty amazing because Elvis
Well, I guess it's a generational thing
Because his big thing wasn't just his music, but and just his gyrating hips on Ed Sullivan
But all his years in Vegas
including when he parked up to gigantic
Angus sign and was like
Busting the buttons off those tight outfits. He was wearing yeah, but it was you know I'm talking about sequins
The sequins off those white outfits were like popping all over the stage
Too many cheese peaches and what was the other thing and the uh
Peter better than Ann or two in an anter sandwiches
Anyway, the facts from botchewindalusum better you reminded me about that says the police belong unless did I grab love the police?
Now be your boys not too fond of them unless they're nice ones
Police are on the list. I still say that's the greatest song of all time
Irving breath you take and you you would say uh, it's so commercial
First 500 times I heard it. No, no, see that's not that's not the barometer is what did you hear it too many times?
You know, I mean there are a lot of times that were played way too much. It's just fine
I love the police. I had the greatest hits in my car and see he stepped on it. I was saying a lot of songs were played too much
Like that. Yeah, but if you take it on the face of it that one still sucks
What about the white stripes?
Kakka okay, it says they make real
You already read the facts he had that he had that armed he had a cocked and ready to go what they make really good rock music
There reminds me of something that comes from rock school that aids the 70s absolute how about to appease the muskrat wearing DG in the morning
They put pad boon on the list. Oh sure speaking of old how about fan out fats dominoes a great performer and Chuck Berry sure
Both of them I think both of them ought to be a fast dollar. I love the fat man fat chuck
Walking to New Orleans with the fat man and Chuck Berry
They're great rock performers. Neil. This is probably the last facts. I'll send you were moving up north to South Dakota
Just trying to get closer and closer to Canada
Trying to get the hell out of this fundamentalist country. Thanks for only entertainment for the past 15 years
Well, I mean, I don't know what that means is because he's moving to South Dakota. Does anyone have the internet?
Right, how's he listening now?
Maybe they don't allow it up there. You think maybe Tom Dachel is afraid that you know some of that
Bush propaganda will seep in that somebody might read about Ann Coulter or miss Fudge some of the last stuff
Here is a mother of four in candle who says I love your show only listen when you're on well
Thank you so much. You have excellent taste obviously she hates you George. I am on your pool question today. How about Led Zeppelin got them
Allman brothers. What do you say? Okay?
Never thought performance by them
Well, all men brothers are good and it makes me think of rammed the man in the excesses. I love that scene
I'm starting to have doubts father. That's such a great scene, you know
That's what it's all about. Yeah, why you do this to me, Dimi?
And the moody blues moody blues certainly ought to be on there. I never saw them perform though. I have I mean on TV
I know and
Just fine. What do you know about they were blue? How about John moody who drives it Hazel Park and Northville down
Let's see what about oh thank you so much my close personal friend man who reminds me how can I leave them out?
R.E.M. A little specific Michael's type but nevertheless
Well, they're not yeah, he's gay
Well, we know that but now gay and not everybody who's gay is quite that spastic
Okay, Freddie Mercury was gay, but he wasn't quite that not quite no and he certainly isn't anymore
26 past 11 at 560 WQM by now you've been hearing about how laminets erusters the smart way the brilliant way to
Alternative the natural would for to spend all that money is the point laminets erusters the best place to find laminated would
Flooring from Peridor a pergill Wilson art Uniflor and Quickstep they've got all the top names all installed by pergill certified installers
Here's another reason why you should call laminets erusters prices will absolutely
Floor you because right now you can get there some are special for just
1995 bucks. That's correct
Just 1995 bucks from the three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated would flooring it is positively
Unbeleighted it is it laminets erusters gonna match any legitimate written off for you can't be the mother stick for a free and homestable with
Absolutely no obligation call laminets erusters toll free and tell them that ancient crusty old Neil toy to call 1 877
777 33 36 what could be easier free carpet disposal free frontage you're moving to 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful
Easy care laminated would flooring do it today call laminets erusters toll free 1 877
777 33 36
Here's a meal rod I need this like I need another tail back off alphabets are you on dope are you a wonderer guy in every day
Like myself
I'll lose to maybe you're just wanting to let you think you're doing excuse
Get in on your phone anybody out there if that isn't what it does. That should be with an ugly skin
Are you mad?
You
You know here little fall headed beauty
I'm like like a job
Major must stop it one way or the other I'm going to get to the bottom of this well
We're safe for now. Thank goodness we're in a boat. I'll never rest until I bring him to justice once again
Things that could have been brought from my attention. Yes
Quiet none go down boy. Kathy
Oh
Okay, Twitter don't vote is 1132 to 560 wq a.m
greatest rock performer or performers of all time
Stones 35 how do you like that?
Because just a coincidence
Just a coincidence
You
Needles 26 George
Yeah, and look at who's third
Cecil Cruz
The who's 17 pink Floyd 15 kiss 13 in spite of that our good buddy abatio and Dallas
Uh, Led Zeppelin 13 Bruce Springsteen 12 Elvis 10 Elton John 8 rush 8 and then so 777 small potatoes after that a lot of long way to go
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 80 look at the newspapers here they cheering fans greet the stones
I love this time
13 airlines like 2480 carrying mid-jagger key preachers run wooden charlie watch touchdown. I like to be fierce
They're for 17 15 last night stones arrived from Europe and a private 747 prepare for the big touches are in tomorrow
That's a Mitch
You
Wouldn't be the first one
You stick it out that far it's like an invitation you know, I mean and the tongue too
Okay, let's get a whole much more names on this pool here. Thank you everybody happy
WQ a.m. Hello
Like I said
Inpatient inpatient man's the South Florida F and away WQ a.m. The fund office
WQ a.m. Hey, no, yes sir. Pretty show. Yes, it is
To them the Jackson and James Brown
The Jackson five and James Brown and James Brown. Well, you wouldn't say like Michael Jackson individually. I hope not
No, I'm so I think we'll better with the brothers. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Did he say did he say the brothers? What he said?
Is
There's one of the brothers
You got me you got me started that anybody wants to be pissed off be pissed off and all the why still think he's it's a man number one
Number two it's girl face and number three. It's a drag queen
When that be wouldn't that be scandalous? Oh, man. I mean, I do understand that certain ethnic groups in
parts of an North America South South America have difficulty with like gender identity things like that
They're talking about like in Brazil. Yeah, Brazil with the men our men and most of the women are and the things like that
As well. So we got the Jackson five. I like the Jackson five their music. You know
All those farmers performers. I don't know. Oh, no, they could dance. Huh?
They could do the robot. Yeah, that's when Michael was still like almost black and had a nose those were the days pay-bone you
Somebody QA him. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a suggestion for your poll. Okay. Uh, has anybody mentioned David Boy?
No, they haven't. What do you have now?
Okay, and you put it in we sure will stick it right in there. Thanks pal
Now what kind of cost of comment did you just make? I was approving of it. Oh, I'm going to a David Boy concert. It was phenomenal. Oh, and look at this
Oh
Somebody says Marvin Gaye. Yeah, well, let's get it on there. Let's get it on
Ah Fleetwood Mac. Mm-hmm. Okay, let's put it on there white stripes. You said suck. I don't even know from white
It's a trotious who the hell are white stripes? I know it's new and that's the new rock band that they're pushing in our face now
No, they're not oh no
Frank Sappel with the lovers of invention or his later band and he'd bush
Right numb Frank Kate. I love Kate. She had very large and elaborate and expensive
She had a big rack to
Huge major production. I heard she had a big packet of two
Really? Go ahead. I'll check it out. But anyway, she doesn't perform anymore. Check it out. I'll never heard of her
She won't get three votes
You want a bet see just because you said that out of spite. I love her dearly
It'll be like the last push they're running for it and won't get three votes because I'll just make a whole bunch of funny ones up same thing
By the way the presidents are freaking liar. I just thought I mentioned it because I don't want to get political today
I got big vacation coming up and stuff. I don't want you know
Plus I had no sleep. I don't want to think about it
President the only kids that are dying over there in Iraq every day every single day Americans are dying every day
Yeah, but it's not bad unless you mention it. I mean you really want to die for a lie. That's that's the question
I like that big a full-page ad they had in the New York Times on Sunday nice job being a boy
Being a boy's been doing a spectacular job in between Jelsons is on our website
As long as I can stay away from the police in between arrests
In fact, even got in when somebody mentioned the police before staying in the police. He got real nervous
Let's see. It's a sincere in Canada. How about Russia? Did we put Russia on there? I thought we did we did
Well, we were supposed to I read it off of there, but you know what Eric should be on there
He's got nine votes just calm down boys and girls. It's already gotten nine votes. How about Metallica
Right, what do you say what do you say?
Indeed
How about Motley crew? Okay, what's the concert amazing? How about Moby
Boy, he sure the pressing isn't he more bitten the pressing, but he's a great performer
No, no, no, I would say and Alex who sometimes he sends this stuff that you know
He tries very hard, but he's right on it says take kid rock off the pulley
This is there would be among the great artists you have on her. I would I would agree. We'll leave it on a depacified beener boy, but kid rock
Oh my oh my god are we stupid? Oh, geez. I want to I'm leaving
Must I'll blame it on my lack of sleep. Okay doors
The how can we have left off the doors?
Uh huh your old I smoke a lot of drugs you know Jerry and North Carolina please add your polls the doors my god
Talk about live performances to Morrison in Miami. Yeah, I don't whip it right out baby
Well, what is wrong with us? Yeah, he stands out in the crowd. He sticks out in the crowd
Way out but the rumor I hear is that he never actually did it
He's related that he was guy. He never really whipped it up. It was his thumb. He still
Yeah, it looked like a thumb
It was a digit in my case little finger, but anyway
Button mushroom. Oh, no seriously. That's what I heard that he never really did that but that they uh
Based on the threat of it and he was simulating masturbation on stage and so they are busted his hands
That is correct shame on them nice go on you Miami porkers
He those weren't the nice porkers that let be your boy go and he's uh driving 140 mile hours on in a school zone
That's a big one. Hi, Leah. These were the highly a port white view. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that
That's why you got that special bug up your ass
Brack them because it was the highly of porkers that got you in deep do do
That's again to Randy Multhosh our friend and ticket defense team
You know if it weren't for Randy Multhosh, we all be in jail. Yeah. Am I right? Right?
I don't have like another we have points up the ass on a rickerscale
five six seven oh five sixty
The nasty the doors are gonna have like a big handicap because we just get them on their right away. Please Eric
I don't want to push you play bushboss, but please
How freaking embarrassing is that?
Exactly I like the beginning
I tell you everybody in town is gonna be doing that all day long. You can't once you start. You can't stop can't stop
Is that a
I'm closer on this song by the way who needs the stones we can have a cedric crews
I'm versus cedric's hardwick
Want it? That's what they said he was a great actor by the cedric carbon
That's before your time. I'm talking about the way I do I thought it was with the days baby the 40s the 50s the 60s
Those are the days and now look what we got now man. Dreck we got Dreck
I'll tell you one thing we got we got the beast. We're still keeping them right now. I'm gonna go back on what I said before
I'm gonna give him a shot, okay
Because you know because for real I made up all kinds of stories about him eating Tony Roma's ribs and
Drink all these drinks. That was just bull crab. That'll be it's one thing to joke with almost anything else
But when it comes to trying to keep a guy alive with a diet don't be sticking around with that. Okay, Scott
See, I don't you know, I don't really have that many
Drops from where we don't I'll take your children. I'll sell them to some Haitians. Okay
Anyway, if you're trying to lose weight do what the beast is doing right now try balance for life because it's for very simple people
It's a no-brainer. There's no cooking involved no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carb counting no nothing
All you do is you go to your door every morning by six o'clock at a.m
And you reach out there and pick up your little black sack
Everybody should have a little black sack and in your sack is all the food you need for the entire day three delicious gourmet meals
Two delicious snacks are right in there. We're talking about in fact the beast tells us remember who's talking about this the other day
That the food is good. It wasn't a past is better than ever
It is gourmet for sure delicious and there's enough food in that sack to keep you full all day long
So you don't have to worry about cravings and cheating and all that other stuff which makes you fail
This is the only company by the way it lets you choose between two choices for each meal every day
That's your own program. It's the only choice you'll have to make is still out that menu once a week
And that's it and they do all the cooking and working for you
So let balance for life lose that weight day
You've been desperately trying to lose for years if you're overweight out of shape with the object diabetic or getting close to it
Let balance for life. Hope you succeed where you failed in the past
Call them today and call this number 954
568 3229
954 568 3229 tell the whole deal for you to call you can start seeing results within just a matter of days with balance for life
Or check them on at web if you like it balance for life.com
My
This is 425
B. Thought you heard all the words to hear by the mean older about the Beatles have you listen to somebody
Beelow too slightly that you're ready to puke
Well hold on to your lunch because there's much much more when you order
Beels wrap that's right all the Beatles songs known to man one complete volume sung by the rap stars of today
Here ice cube duke classic. I want to hold your hand. I want to hold you
And slap your mother
Bobby Brown I see cool or L. A cool day doing the unforgettable valid hey, dude
Hey, you
Shed your man. They're all here on Beelow rap order today. We'll be controlling you. Go on the range of yesterday
Call out one hundred wrap me up right call out one eight hundred wrap me up
Call it okay one moment please. I'm trying to like work on something here to try to make up
I feel so bad about that doors omission. Yeah, but me one thing if we like some marginal group we left off but
We like if we left the Beatles off, you know, oh well
I mean are we dumb or what the least we admitted
What about Madonna? Okay, we'll put her on there. We don't have too many females on here
Do we have any females on this list? He said uh, well, she's not really a female
We're gonna say Cecil Cruz
You said that whatever that is
We have any other drag queens on her. Let's give Madonna. She's had some of the best rock and roll shows every have no woman under pull
Absolutely correct. She's on her right now. Can you add guns and roses on list and lower in four-letter? Yes, we can
Got it got it. Am I going too fast for you guys?
What about earth wind and fire in their heyday? They could sell out any arena in the world and that's on their
Emidi-lyph not sooner not that I could stand them in oh my god pull addition. Did you see this? What what what the grateful dead? Oh, yeah
A lot of work like that. I'm putting it listen. I'm putting on there
Or Eric is for somebody's put you on
How about little Richard somebody says but we're shooting a lot of faxes on this. I'm trying to like
Make a mince here, okay?
Well, that one's not gonna do because it's got that real seven minutes long though
How about this one? This is also seven minutes
And on this particular album cover he's looking right at
You know that it would be our true night
You know that I would be a liar
If I was to say to you
Girl we couldn't get much higher
Is that a great day? What I mean? I don't know so there you go the doors of Cecil Cruz or your tough choices today
Life is full of tough choices, you know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 how is Cecil doing Cecil's moving in the third place, you see that?
You have little faith yeah, what
See you being as negative as you are you would say that those are crank votes and let's say you're probably right
Uh stones 43 Beatles 35 Cecil crab I mean see you know Cecil Cruz
Cecil Cruz 24 20 5th row
And other damn things changed on me again
So what happened all of that Cecil's up to 26 26
Uh now do you say that you're 20 say you don't say the yes on the end of you 26
You do say it. I'm seeing how can I'm getting into my Italian again
I hate that because Italian and Spanish there's so many words that are so similar and I start to there must be um
You know like we have Spanish like when people write Spanish in English sure there must be like something for like Spanish and Italian you know I mean
Because the countries aren't that far apart and uh there must be people that like have hung out
Have maybe like a little Italian in them
Sure, there must have been a time when the languages were almost identical since they started out the same
So there must be like some kind of hybrid. I don't know if there's a name for you. Yeah
Anyway, Kisses got 20 springstein 19 the who 18
Led's that now how could Bruce Springsteen be ahead of the whole that's right. For God. He does always long concerns
He's great
No, that's what everybody says. He's another uh the who 18 led Zeppelin 17 pink Floyd 17 11 is 15
Thank God the king is starting to move up a little bit. Well, he's a little slow now
Kind of like I'mus Jimmy Hendrix 12 rush 11
Elton John 10 Bob Dylan 9 and from there. It's really small taters
Kind of take oh and you know what there's no paper in my facemaking you know the facemaking at one moment, please
Okay, El Capelus in uh when I'm marking up the papers in the car
Minds up to okay, how do you like that? Oh
Do I like this or what a lot?
You know, I might actually have changed my vote that would be bad
But let me start at this I've been wanting to change my vote
Wouldn't it be like UnCanadian for me to do that now that this big relief concert is coming here tomorrow on the stones
They're all this hoopla don't be like UnCanadian ain't that Canadian?
But I
I
Is it
Who told you that somebody it's about oral sex yeah, so what's wrong with that ask your mom twice is nice
Oh, no, I'm not asking my mom for it. No, she's
Maybe you'd like to ask my mom can her teeth come out
Maybe build Tanner knows something about remember that the character on his show on my 100 mama lap
Pinka remember that
And you know I was thinking about that the other you know how long ago he was doing that I mean he's has been on ear Miami for old many years
Maybe 15 anyway, no actually I bet it's more than 20 yeah, no, I made maybe 15
And he was doing that stuff 20 years ago right with that whole family you know and he was with at the
Holy old crowd he was appealing to all the young hula's but at mama lap, pingusta anyway
5 6 7 all 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line WQ I am am I on hold I hate you people WQ I am
Hi, how you doing you pretty damn good. I got a couple for you
Not stuff that I necessarily would watch but right I can see in turn or was a great show just absolutely correct
You're right they would they would play in the wreck bar down in
Years ago and then
Thanks that we used to do concerts at highlight and those were great concerts also
And then I had the misfortune of taking my daughter to a Madonna concert and I hate Madonna. Yeah
But it was an unbelievable concert. I mean that woman really put on a show
So and then the last thing is if you ever seen Tina Turner and Cecilia Ruiz in the same room together
Those two
Hey man same person man
Yeah, I love you have a great day
Here's the fact is this Tore Amos
How about yeah Andy Tore Amos okay dark madam canyons like your pardon
I don't know who that is am I supposed to know I'm an old fart like me. I'm supposed to know from dark madam canyons
Never heard of it T-Rex sure and Jethro Dull a tall
Should we put the
Want to put Tore Amos sure you do good concert she does she plays the piano and sings at the same time a la you know
Billy Joel and all these other people she plays the piano and sings at the same time which not all the men
I can't believe it and she's a Toledo
Okay, and T-Rex and Jethro Dull we're not putting dark madam canyons on her unless you know something to make up
What they didn't make it up getting
God just because we're old and stuffy and out of it. Are we just to play that?
Uh, oh I think it what I really like big time I like while I like them all there's not one song that they did
I don't love I do love this
Don't you love it?
Everyone
We want to apologize
Even though he's alive and he's in France with sharing compassion
I don't know about you other passions viewers out there
But you're getting a little bit impatient with the story line now wouldn't it be nice finally before she croaks with the baby down there in the pit
I mean, it's not bad enough that Julian and the and what's your name their tabitha are in hell or whatever
Whatever Rebecca and it's not bad enough that we can't get Ethan to find the open at God damn Dury he's dropping the keys in the soap
But good god almighty somebody finds Sheridan down there and that pit before it's too late
You have no idea what I'm talking about nope good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 if you had any idea what fun you're missing out on you just
I've heard a bit of it the other day fun
tons of fun. It's a panic and they just
Tantalize you and tease you and and drag you along in a story line never the story lies never ever come to an end
It just goes on and on and on and they do it intentionally just to terrorize you
WQA and hello
Yeah, I'd like to speak to you speaking
How about Ozzy Osborne how about him there you go
You got it man, okay, thanks. Thanks. How can we leave Ozzy off we're we're slipping. We just
Were we up to them? I mean we all respect that Don was slipping, you know, I had my chance if you'd come on here with a complete list
Then what would they do?
Then they bitch about it. They say well, what about now? You're right. No, I don't want to have a complete list
But I mean some of the real obvious ones like the doors and Ozzy Osborne
Who by the way never did bite the head off the bat that sets bull crap? Did you read about with that? No
Well, I'm not gonna go in it. No, that was bull crap. He never really did that. I thought he did
Well, I thought if I'm a mistake and I heard him telling the story and people were throwing like fake stuff
In the thing and somebody threw a real one and he grabbed it before he knew it was real right?
I did it. Well, exactly. Okay, he bit into it, but it was like that and they wasn't it was not an intentional act like part of a show right right now
The pigeon was on purpose not during the show, but during that meeting he ate Walter pigeon on stage
How about frankin for Lauderdale who's gonna have a great sense of humor says how about the traveling Wilbur is oh my god, Frank
You think Frank is serious? I don't know the traveling Wilbur
Roy Orbison who else was in the traveling Wilbur is Tom Petty Bob Dylan
was mining then one more George Harrison
George Harrison
He's not traveling no more. I'll tell you that why look put him on there just because he took the time to send us the facts
Okay, that's a kind of good mood. I mean now that I'm almost awake
Here you go. Here's the facts from Keith and Boko who says craft work
Put on the best show I've ever seen their number one choice for me, but since they're an
Electronic band from Germany. I'm probably going first in the vote for him craft work good music by the way I like their stuff
Been listening since 72 Gary Newman
The guy who's famous for his most awful song cars used to put on one hell of a show back in eighties and
It says Tori Amos. We just got that
Peter Gabriel or Genesis with Peter always put on great shows
We'll put Peter Gabriel and Genesis as two separate ones. They can take you think how about speaking of Genesis
How about trippy little Phil Collins? Okay, huh?
Don't step on him now. No. Now he's a Phil Collins a good lot of votes
This is outstanding man. What a great way to kill three hours and we got our big one to two hour kind of we got Joe Rose for the mad dog today
Mad dogs had another one was
195 days he's got off and of course Joe
We know it's gonna have a very entertaining one to a two to four hour because he's gonna be talking about hour from Boko for two hours
Maybe you'll have them on as against did let me ask you this did it ever done on Mo no that there must be some reason why everybody hates him
That just means got this fascination with me and maybe it's I guess it's your fault my fault that everybody else hates him
All we have nothing to do with it. That's it
But did it ever dawn on him to start sitting there in moments of quiet food when they're changing his bag sticking the tubes deep inside his
Wondering why is it that everybody hates me like poison is it that I'm full of crap that I'm a daughtering nasty old prick
What is it that I do that causes everybody to just hate me like poison because everyone else is an asshole?
I see so in other words he's in step the rest of us all just out of step. Okay. Thank you
Now I have it and I'm squeezing it
1156 at 560 wqm if you're in a really dead-end job like Mo
Maybe college is too expensive and takes too long and he sure don't have no four years to wait
If you can afford just 10 bucks a month and commit yourself three nights a week for four months
Fast-trank it up you achieve that new high-paying computer degree you've been looking for and take on my nice big fat one in a paycheck too
That's right 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify
So call him today. What do you got to lose beside a crappy job?
Call one 866 fast train and with four locations in town
There's bound to be one nearby you there in Miami Kindle Pemberpines and Fort Lauderdale
Call them today. You'll be talking with the train career counselor who really knows their stuff fast train offers day evening weekend schedules job placement
Hands-on training too pick up the phone and call fast train tool free
One 866 fast train fast trains is for payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter
So whether you're a high school student on summer break sitting around
Steering at the moon all day somebody underpaid then and job or just looking to increase your net worth call fast train tool free
One 866 fast train or check them out of the working worldwide web at fast train
Dot com and don't forget when you do call be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck
Tornado call
This is for 305 60
You can wait
I'm for all I need a new
Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near
Hey
What if Bill Clinton did indeed get his own TV talk show
What if a gentleman
Live from Chapacua if the bill plans show
With special guests
Yoth for our five
Canadian character and former speaker of our house new ganger
I'm your announcer
God
Now please welcome the Prince of Poon Tang
The master of memories
The King of Crotch
The man who knows Victoria's
Fleet Grant
Thank you thank you very much
Boy it was hotter than a chubby intern on the phone yesterday
All right, all right, so that my first guest is the leader of the PLO and his favorite group is ELO
Please welcome a sweet talking man Yasser Arafat everybody right here
Ha ha
So Yasser yes, sir is there anyway we can solve this whole thing? I don't think so sir
What say I send you over a couple of queens of King what do you mean? I do not understand. Sure you do buddy
I'm talking about fluzies who cheese zipper monkeys
Well, loosen your tablecloth and think about it meantime scoot over my next guest is here
Al thanks Bill our next guest is the former political machine
He's got snow on the roof a fire in the furnace and a plug up his butt. Please welcome
Newt Gangerich
Welcome there buddy house things by you newty and well my new wife's got a cold so I'm leaving her
God for you you so was bastard
Will they ride back with caretops? Stay with me
Stink with a 1203 at 560 WDQ William here's a thanks from Jenny and in the my new says
Please include Tim Lizzie and Janice Joplin and never why well why not
Okay, you don't like that. That's fine. I like them Lizzie
And for Janice you could she could belt it out pound it out
Couldn't sing a lick baby
Unlike Cecil man Cecil could just drive it to you could bring it
The greatest rock performer or performers of all time that's our pool on neo-rangers.com
Com Kim getting a humongous response the stones 46 Venus 38
Cecil cruise 35 Kessian on who Cecil cruises some of her music was
memorable
If not her outfit the who 22 springstein 22
Kissed 22 Led Zeppelin 20 pink Floyd 19 Elvis 16 rush 15 and Jimmy Hendricks starting to climb up a little bit
13 for good old Jimmy in coherent Jimmy
I thought Jimmy
Well, we're not talking about who's the best singer, you know, I'm right in great on stage. Wouldn't you think sure?
He had those big hands play the entire upside down big gigantic hands, which of course we all know what that means big gloves WQ. I am hello
Q. I am
Hola
No sale WQ. I am hello
Q. A. M
WQ. M three strikes in your mouth. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I've got a few
You said something in early you said
Well, wait a moment. Yeah, let me just ask you this because you you see you've got a few
Okay, I'll give you one
No, but again the question is the greatest rock performer of all time. So how can there be a few?
It's like saying the best of ten in restaurant in town is and then give me ten of them, you know
Yeah, well, there's some really great ones though. I know. I know it's tough. Okay Bob Marley
Okay
Rock the Bob. Okay. Thanks, man. Yeah, you're welcome. See bye. Bye. Bye. You're welcome George Bob Marley. Yep
Didn't like his haircut too much, but he uh, you know
He could weigh a lot of a pound a sound
The Little River band. Oh, I did not like the Little River band. You know at all
I liked him for about a minute, you know, and then I got a real soul
So
And Maurice Canadian 2 and so is I hate to even say the words Celine Dion. Oh my god
You know our good friend Dion who used to be our good friend. He had a suher to make her change her last name
Probably because any collection connection between Celine Dion and music is purely coincidental. She blows
Collective soul. Oh you too. Whoo. We'll want to put you to honor sure
We're not too happy about it. We'll put it on there. How about the clash how about the clash man
Get some real rock and roll on this list not a bunch of pansies. How about the Ramones? All right
Rest Bob Marley just mentioned only moments ago Janice dropped the moments ago and the police did we put the police on there? Yes
Or did the Beenerborg get paranoid
In their heyday it says on this fact what effects are just pouring in here man. It's unbelievable
In their heyday Emerson Lake and Palmer had unbelievable live performances including a giant mythical beast that flew over the stage
Grand piano that rose to 40 feet off the ground a rotated end over and while Keith Emerson played it a revolving drum turret
Power techniques and one one two then a floor crystal
So it's putting the money Emerson Lake and Palmer got it not gonna get a lot of host though
I think it's more of a generational thing with them. Mm-hmm out of sight out of mind long since
Two bands on here. It says deep purple and in the 80s
Ronnie what is it Ronnie James did? Oh, this is huh Ronnie James D.O. I can't read this the worst writing Ronnie James D.O. had a great
Something
Great manager
That says manager. No, what does that say? I don't know what it says. That's why I great something Billy and Bokas is boy Billy
Get some handbrain lessons, but also Peter Frampton in heart
So what is there like how many on that page?
You're for the best of all time is these a hundred
Okay, put any of those on there you want or not. I don't really care. You got one or two of them. Yeah, we got or not
I don't care Peter Fred. Let's see. Let's see. He purple ELP Ronnie James D.O. go get a life
How about EL
Right
What do you think neon violins? What's not to like right? Give EL get EL on it right away
Betty says I've seen the stones arrowsmith guns and roses and numerous other acts, but non-compared to
Are you ready ready cold play? Okay
Their live performance is electrifying and filled with energy Chris Martin is a genius
He plays the piano acoustic and electric guitars his voices rich and buttery. I'm in love with them. Hi, George
It says I love George too. So Betty loves you
Cold plays great. Oh my oh look at that. I wish I had to know this with a bitch Derek out earlier
See how he spelled to me Hendrick somebody to somebody clues us in on this it says J.I. M.I. is if we didn't know we know our Jimmy Hendricks man
And he spelled a Jimmy as in J.I. M. M. what that's depressing blast for me. It says and you are absolutely correct straight in it out Eric
The mother. I am I
Kind of like Diny, you know Jimmy while you do this
Kind of like a Jimmy yeah and Danny and Danny and Jimmy
You know I cut myself shaving this morning to dad to my other woe
It's not that I want to belly it going here, but just a little nick I had like a bad blade or something
And because I take the planets, you know that blood thinner and it just keeps it's not a big deal
And it's not like bleeding all over my chin, but it's like, you know
Doesn't want to stop I guess they don't make those stiptic pencils. It's a skeptic stiptic. Yeah, skeptic pencils. Do you know talking about?
Absolutely, you must do the medicine cabinet. No, I do not have one. I should have you should they still make them yeah
Oh my god, I remember I'm like a son of a bitch. Yeah, but they stopped the bleeding. Yeah, they do
Well, maybe we could get one for Moe on those ratings here. Stop the bleeding stick it in his
somewhere
What about iron maiden somebody says Louise says that iron maiden? Okay. Why not? Why not?
It's free. Not to lie. Okay, so that gets us all up today with the effects is here my god
It's just a zillion of merry minutes about third man at least
case you didn't hear Moe Howard david's numbers by the way the book that just came out today
They blew they bit they stunt they suck. It was an embarrassment a humiliation. It was degrading subhuman
So were they good? Huh? Were they good? No, no
He could have reached the new I I think if we did a little bit of research in fact our good friend
Maddie Bell I'm sure we'd be delighted to do that because he also hates Moe like poison
If we did a little bit of research, you they could go back in the last what is that how many years they've been all sports about seven or eight
No seriously how many you think
Seven or eight sounds right. Yeah, seven or eight years they've been all sports
I think if they went back through all in fact, muff might do that in the
Hersberg time or clearance or the two of them could put their
heads together and
Come up with that information. I think that he broke the all-time lows
So we can go on and say wow midday. We're not talking about midday. Okay. We did great. We're number one
But we'll just just set that aside that we're just doing our Marcel Marcel imitation here anybody could be number one
I'm a day where you try to deflect okay when you talk about your own numbers if they're really bad
Talking about anybody else doing good and how does meaning anything is not an excuse mo
Okay, in fact we need an asterisk for this book because how the hell did we follow follow you?
careful
What's one that flumb ball?
No, you know, I just ate oh I just ate two grapes. Oh God
Not in two grapes. I have a bunch of red and seedless grapes in refrigerator
I don't know. I was just jonjen for something sweet. I put two grapes in my push and man
Like that is so if we should hear you choke since no one's there to him like you
What's the it would be you could say in my amputein Neil Neil choke on sour grapes. What's the Canadian number for 911?
Yeah, just relax. Okay, everything is under control here
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T whatever it is Verizon line. Stone's 48
What huh did you say a virus line? I think I got it. Sars alert
Stone's 48 Beatles 42. Oh, it's getting pretty interesting now
And look who's holding up third place with a solid 39 votes. Is that a
Me no
That's right. He sold crew with man. That's a lady. There's none up toward the lead
alleged Zeppelin 23
Pink Floyd 23. That's a popular number. Kiss 23 the who 22 and Bruce Brainstine 22
11 17 so that's where we got
That's pretty interesting and how can you decide really how can you narrow it down to only one
Yeah, we don't have time for that maybe we have time for this
Just a little taste you know a little touch
I don't you need a fancy
Anyway, it's a 12 minutes past noon my good buddies over at Halop Pontiac. They're not just sitting on the rest during the summertime waiting for the
Green to start falling what they're doing is giving you fantastic needle deals all summer long right now
Neal deal numero uno you hear that numero uno
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neal deal numero dose
Is that a great that it's a good
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every single 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock and you encourage GMC and Pontiac owners
That's a great that it's a good
An additional rebate of up to a grand from your friends in Halop Pontiac GMC and of course as always
Halop's got a stupendous unbeatable unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs
Have marginal credit maybe if you want to rate in radio sales for example
No problem at all because they'll cut you deal somehow some way and Halop Pontiac you don't have to be afraid to shop on their lot and attention
Town live in a Joe Prieto just put their rock bottom prices on every new and used vehicle in stock
Stop I experienced how easy it is to shop for a great vehicle at Halop Pontiac GMC
And you'll find them of course the same great location they've been making great deals for over 35 years
13401 softixi highway that's US one right across in the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want more info on those Neal deals just call a course the Neal deal hotline tool free
One Tribal 8 5 3 4 4 2 11 that's one Tribal 8 5 3 4 4 2 11
And don't forget all the O'Leal subject to credit approval see our friends at Halop 4 details Halop Pontiac GMC
I am positive I bet being a boy's life on it you'll agree with me they are professional grade
Oh
My career never ends pretty soon there puts it depends on me
So agent I can no longer be because you see my prostate with on me
But still I think I'm 23
and
be
and
Probably T-560 WQM now, Sean and Hollywood is a regular chronic factor, and I used to like a lot until, and I, he's in Teddo's opinion, thanks for full of crap.
He says, I personally hold a view that you are the risen Christ, but when it comes to every breath you take, and I in the sky, listen closely, says the same song.
Sure. I must respectfully insert the puke card here, he says.
Every breath you take is a funeral dourge with a juvenile top sticks like cord progression that was played on nauseam, ended up running a Grammy.
No, don't worry, be happy, also want to Grammy. I'd rather hear my own Requiem, he says. Or maybe just Requiem, for dream.
Yeah. The cool thing about your pull is that the best brands don't always translate into the best concerts, may I suggest...
Yes.
Yes, for a good mix of sound quality music, music and the actress, as Sean and the answer is...
Yes, you can suggest, yes, don't be, we had to put in our pull, but we will, because we're in a good mood, right?
Yes. What we...
Yes.
It says, a friend once dragged me kicking and screaming to the Charlie Daniels van Constan years before he became a PTL side show.
I went on over the promise to be playing a drug in country's skank, it was great.
The band members were all great instrumentalists, good graphics, great songs, hadn't heard better since.
The good tunes never get airplay. We want to put Charlie Daniels van on there, why not?
Let's put, and Charlie Daniels van on there, just for the hell of it.
Boy, they're sure a lot of stuff pouring in, man. Just pouring in here, including...
Where the hell was the one that I, where is it?
Because I found, I actually found the song, this will shock, this will absolutely shock whoever sent that in, but I can't find it in facts.
The one that had the Mitch Ryder, right? You know the one I'm talking about?
Here it is. Here it is, thank you very much.
It says, the Kingsword Too Bad, we all want to put the Kings on there?
Absolutely. Kingsword great.
Sure.
In fact, you know who would like the Kings, I bet you'll see their crews.
Is that 80s, okay, welcome in.
No, I'm coming. Can you imagine her singing Lola?
Oh, that's you sweetheart.
Anyway, this fact says, love the stones of Aerosmith, but...
But, Mitch Ryder and, oh, this is one of our list, there's an April Springs.
Have I got pardon?
I just know where you're going, so I'm groaning right now.
Why?
Just because we have it?
No, just because there's suggestions.
Mitch Ryder and the friggin' Detroit wheels the best rockers ever.
You knew this was in there?
Yeah, I know.
Well, I knew it was the same blue yet, the clock yet.
What if Nancy stay in line?
Work, work.
You're stuck.
I have been in there all the time.
Jump up.
Get it.
That's enough.
You don't like Mitch Ryder and the Detroit wheels?
No.
I think you're a friggin' communist man.
Maybe.
God, and what kind of a slut keeps hangs on to a dress bluer otherwise with a cumstain on it, huh?
That's my question.
It's that slut.
A fat disgusting slut, an opportunistic slut.
It wants the black meal somebody and make a fortune.
Cow, pig, disgusting slut.
And of course, the American media got to make a...
Oh, she's the amarder.
You know, she's celebrity now.
You're good.
You slut.
You whore.
Well said.
Couldn't have said a bit of myself.
Here's Rich and Palm Beach says,
Neal's poll, some notable left-outs.
Primus.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
I like primus.
Mm-hmm.
Is he still on MSNBC in the morning?
Yes.
Primus in the morning.
King Crimson.
King Crimson moves on here.
Sure.
The sex pistols?
How are they doing?
Well, Johnny's just fine.
Psychedelic fruers?
What is this?
Van House, Bauhaus?
Bauhaus.
Bauhaus?
How?
See, I don't know any of these groups.
This is not my bag at all.
Okay, I'm an old fart, huh?
Bauhaus is old, like from the 80s.
Bauhaus is old.
Speaking of Bauhaus.
Is that 80s?
I'm not going to get it.
Enjoy the vision, Rich and Palm Beach.
When you put whatever ones on there,
I'll leave that to you, because that's way out of my league.
Okay, a crusty old fart like me.
What do I know from that, Dreck?
Huh?
I don't know.
What do you know?
I don't know from that stuff.
There were no ones.
Did we ever put the revolts on there?
I thought we did.
Yep.
Okay.
Sex pistols we did, Johnny, run.
And white snake.
Then we put that on there.
Did you veto it because you were hard-ass?
Well, put it on there now.
Okay, then be told.
We just discussed it right now.
Actually, what's the concert?
The end.
It was a very good concert.
It put on a very good show.
Well, excuse us, okay?
I mean, what you say that like, well, like, there you go.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't protest.
I'm not one of these people that pretends to know all the music
from like 100 years or all the movies or all the,
I don't know.
Crap.
If I knew crap, I sure as I wouldn't be here working two days a week
over a hot mic.
447 votes on the pool.
Each or hard out, more, your numbers suck.
Your paycheck is stealing.
Every time it gets a paycheck, it's like stealing, you know?
Mm-hmm.
You gotta be on death row.
Stones 54.
Oh, I look who's moving toward the top.
Is that aegitake?
I'm in a no.
See, and I'm in for, that's bad, because I'm influencing that.
Yeah, we need to balance it out.
You're pushing it.
You're pushing it.
See, great.
So, see, very hard one.
Hard one.
Hard one.
I'm in for it.
Everywhere I live, I'm in for it.
You're in for it.
I guarantee if she wouldn't have croaked in that, you know,
at that early time, if she could have been here tomorrow,
we'd have gone over half a minute.
Is that aegitake?
That would have been, she would have been the one they,
when I put us over the wood pile.
We could have had a call in.
Stones 54.
Seedrick 47.
Cruz.
Beatles 45.
Even a hand of the Beatles, how do you like that?
Did you ever see any of those old tapes from the Ed Sullivan show where he had them on?
Yeah.
And said the Beatles, the Beatles.
The Beatles.
Shoot, I'd never understood him.
Or as...
Murf Griffin said one time, the fabulous VGs.
Why don't remember things like that?
Yeah, because they were so bad and so embarrassing.
And another man with no talent whatsoever.
Could he sing?
Could he play the piano?
Could he act?
Did he do good interviews?
Did he have a good show?
No.
But he invented a wheel of fortune.
Well then.
And a bunch of other games shows, which is why he's got the...
He has a deep buried in the closet.
Harry coconuts or something like that?
No, he didn't have Harry coconuts.
I don't think he had any coconuts.
Did he have a lovely pair of Harry coconuts?
Danny Adenio said he had no coconuts.
Remember Danny Adenio?
Yeah.
He had the fever all right.
He said Peter in the morning and fever at night.
Beatles 45.
You don't even know what that means.
When I worked in Sarasota on WSPB about 100 years ago...
You know how many years ago?
About 30 minutes.
Exactly, 1973.
See that throppin comes in real handy once in a blue moon.
About 30 minutes.
Years.
We had a guy who used to do morning show called Peter Johns.
Very pompous, deep voice, deep voice, but a real pompous ass.
He did a morning show.
I did mid days and then we had a guy called Lowell Schumacher.
The old turkey buzzer was his nickname.
Wacky guy.
He was fun.
He was kind of like Suds Coleman, only a bigger skinnier guy.
At any rate, one day...
Of course, keep in mind, this is 73.
And here's Lowell Schumacher, the old turkey buzzer, who is on here.
And he's promoting the lineup.
He says, of course, don't forget tomorrow morning at 6.
It's Peter Johns.
He says, you know what they say?
Peter in the morning and fever all night.
I heard a different version of it.
And he just lost it.
I mean, I think we had to pick him up off the floor.
He just never recovered practically.
We had to put him into an oxygen tank.
He just... that was the old turkey buzzer.
My close personal friend Lowell Schumacher.
Got only knows where he might be right now.
Did you say turkey buzzer?
The turkey buzzer.
Yeah.
55 for the stones.
48 for Celia.
Maybe she's moving in on the stones.
Wait till she catches Mick Jagger.
Wait till she hops on his ass.
To run for his life.
Beavils 45.
And after that, it's...
Forget about it.
Here's one that says, the village people, what are you saying?
Sure.
They were good at it.
They put on a hell of a show.
It was... it was... it was... it was... it was funny.
Here's one that says, the grateful dead question.
Mark, did we put them on there?
I thought we did.
Even though we are very invertebrate.
We did.
We had a lot of fans wanting to see Jerry in a gang.
And if we would have been for them, we never would have had no fish food either.
Not that I have any idea what...
It's the same concept, right?
The whole bed in Jury's thing would have grateful dead in the fish food.
My favorite says this one is the chorus.
Not cars, but the chorus.
You are.
Yeah, the chorus are good.
I like the chorus.
How do you like that?
I'm shocked.
You know of them.
Because all that...
That European MTV stuff.
All those videos?
That's right.
You're the lucky one.
Aha!
That's right.
They actually show videos on TV and Europe boys and girls.
They break the news here.
I know it's an alien concept, MTV.
And they should only croak at MTV.
And especially, what's his name?
They should take with them right off the bat.
Carson...
Carson Deely.
Of course.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
The other day.
Oh, gosh.
Look at that twerk, though.
Keywatch.
Keywatch.
Keywatch.
Keywatch.
1232 at 560.
Now, where's that the thanks about the crap macaroni and cheese?
Oh, here it is from Mark.
It says Toronto's own very naked ladies deserve to be on the list.
And you are...
I'm so lovely, correct.
So, I'm pretty sure they're going to be at the concert.
Are they going to be at the concert, George?
Are they going to be at the concert, George?
Are they going to be at the concert, George?
Are they going to be at the concert?
Are they going to be at the concert, George?
I'm going to hang on with.
This is better than sex.
You can't hold Jesus Christ.
And in fact, it's...
All right.
That'd be funny.
There it is.
The more Howard David of Keychains.
Sounds great.
That'd be crunchy, clean.
We're going to have our fundraiser for a band and pet rescue again this year, starting August 1, which is only a couple days away.
And we're going to have the best of Neil 2002-2003 since we didn't have it this last year.
And we might actually sell a few of those before they start...
Before they start making those illegal copies, which we hate people who do that.
And you're going to wind up going to jail.
But anyway, that's all.
Now, how are we going to do that?
Is it going to be available on the Web August 1?
That on our website?
What do you mean you don't know?
Who does know?
Everything should be ready in the week of August 1.
Everything should be ready in the week of August 1.
Well, the week of August 1, the last time I checked it was Friday.
Well, the week of August 2nd, like I said.
Third, fourth.
Whatever that week is.
And then, the week of August, like I said, in the week of August.
First week of August, does that?
August, okay.
August 4th.
Just calm down.
Okay, I realize it's a little bit tough math there working all the way from the first to the fourth.
Oh, we don't have the same age.
Sounds like Monday the Fourth.
So in other words, next week, you'll be in the week.
Monday, going to the Wednesday.
One of the Saturdays.
Now, who am I supposed to be looking for, Bernadette?
I don't know.
Bernadette Peters.
I don't see the list here.
And of course, that's this freaking Toronto national post.
This paper blows, man.
In fact, this paper is right there with Harold and the Sunsental.
Thank the Lord.
We got three other newspapers here.
We got four daily newspapers here, like in a real city.
And this one sucks.
But they give it away free and the price is right.
Anyway, we'll get Bernadette ladies on there.
Got it, be in her head.
We got it.
They're excellent musicians who do an amazing job of getting the audience involved in their show.
It's unfortunately because many of their best-known songs employ amusing and intentionally childlike lyrics.
They're often, I'm fairly dismissed as a.
What am I missing?
I thought you had to.
What did you need to talk about?
What is he talking to?
Let me go.
Why is he talking on the ear?
It's one of those things.
What an asshole.
Anyway, intentionally a childlike lyrics.
They're often unfrily dismissed as an obli group.
However, I know many got people who've changed their opinion when they saw them live.
Great showmen.
Great showmen.
Great guys.
What other band could have their fans throwing boxes of craft macaroni and cheese at them and not have it being installed?
Great show is always says market and honor with that fact.
What are craft foods?
Part of the Philip Norris family.
And we know what your kids want for dinner.
More craft nicotine and cheese please.
It's craft-zone creamy delicious processed cheese melted over pure hugely addictive nicotine.
Kids love it.
It's the nicotine.
It's the cheese.
No, you're right.
It's the nicotine.
My kids can't get enough of craft nicotine and cheese.
Where is it you old hag?
Where is it?
Now, Pilly.
Stop digging under those seat cushions.
I've got more nicotine and cheese right here.
Oh, great mom.
Mmm.
Craft nicotine and cheese.
It's the nicotine.
Craft nicotine and cheese.
Part of the Philip Norris family.
We keep trying to distance ourselves from being an evil representative of tobacco-related death.
But somehow it just isn't working.
That's all moody unlucky.
Exactly.
I thought I'd drop that in there.
It's kind of cute.
I like it.
I loved it.
And obviously they did too, the whole family.
Here's a fact from Josh and Volko who says, no joke.
The best performance I've ever seen is from a band called Gwarr.
He's right.
Gwarr?
He's right?
Well, they're kind of performance artists.
I don't think Gwarr or Gwarr.
Gwarr.
It's a lot of, it's a visual thing.
They wear crazy, crazy costumes made of form rubbery and...
That sounds like...
Yeah, that's what that sounds a little like.
Now, then they take people from the audience and they have this monster, suck them up.
They have monsters suck them?
Yes, up and down.
And otherwise, yeah.
I'll be damned.
Anyways, as Gwarr is the band that plays Fokie Metal and Hoses, the audience down with Take Blood
is the battle, the battle enemies on stage is a great show.
And let's get them on their GWAR.
Okay, I used to work on that station.
Here's one that says, how about Aureo Speedwagon, eh?
Okay, yeah, I mean, great.
Well, look, I mean, we're not endorsing.
We want to do a disclaimer here that we don't have anything to do with all of these choices.
We're embarrassed and humiliated and degraded.
And I just buy Aureo Speedwagon, but like Bob Dylan and Springsteen are known as, but...
It's up to you guys.
Okay, it's up to the public out there, which is why McDonald sells so much crap.
Here's one that says Neil, a group that I think needs to be on the list, is sublime.
Yes.
Their style of punk rock, Skarregae, was like no other.
Skarregae?
Yeah.
What is Skarregae?
You're a liar.
I'm so glad I know nothing about that.
Oh, I'm so delighted.
The lead singer, Brad D. Noel, died of a heroin overdose.
That's unusual.
Yeah, man.
Like so many great ones, originally saying, smoke to a joint of what you have the parody.
So how about a tribute to Brad by playing it?
We certainly will.
Closing fire, Norma, and get syndicated.
Do you know that that Tom Donle like us?
Remember, he did that thing with the alleged rape victim with Kobe Bryant?
Yes.
Just for publicity.
You know, he syndicated on 60 stations and he couldn't break his way out of a paper sack.
He's so bad.
He was on TV last night.
Oh, no.
Oh, the...
Oh, the man.
Do you have that leather jacket on?
No.
No, it was wearing like some nasty S30 T shirt.
Oh, God.
Holy crap.
But in any rate, I just...
I don't care.
You know, I'm on the way out.
I'm phasing out.
If it wasn't for my close personal friend, Mitch Hirsch, I'd already be out, over and out.
How about adding Rod Stewart?
How could we forget, even though I find him repulsing and grotesque in his music and knowing,
and it just gross.
Says Kate, thank you, Kate.
Rod Stewart, of course, right?
Right on.
Now, let me ask you, how are the doors doing now that we really...
We stiff them, but I guess Jim won't mind.
We stiff the doors.
Are they moving up at all?
Yeah, they got 11.
See?
They're already in double digits.
They only been out there for a few seconds.
About third, man.
Stone, we're asking today the greatest rock performer, performer or group ever.
Stone's 55.
Celia Cruz's 52, man.
That little little son that's going to be walking.
That little little son that's going to be...
She's going to win.
I know.
I feel it.
I can smell it.
Can you smell it?
That's right there.
Beatles 47.
Put the sauce on it.
It'll cover up that stench.
Pink Floyd 26, Led Zeppelin 25, Kiss 25.
How about Kiss?
I want to give you a kiss.
We're springstained 24, the Hooth 23.
Bush 19.
I mean, rush.
Did I say Bush?
Well, that's right.
That's how many votes he got in Broward.
Bush 19.
Remember that?
And then turn out to be like about two million.
Rush 19, Bob Dylan 17, Elvis 17, Jimmy Hendricks 17, Erosmith only 13.
What kind of crap is that?
Comey.
No, that's just...
I should have voted for them because you know how obsessed I am with Erosmith.
Doors 11, Elton John, she's got 11.
And Van Halen, V. Heaven 10.
So that's the ones in double digits.
Let's see.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it.
We got 20 more minutes of this stuff and we can get the poll finished out.
And one to two I can take.
And I mean, we can play our...
Oh, seriously?
I am so proud of myself how I did this show today with about three minutes of sleep.
I have no idea how I did this.
You did it.
Did a poll, that's how.
What does that mean?
We're poll building all day today.
We are building a big poll.
Okay.
And there's nothing like building a big poll.
Some of us, of course.
A small poll will do.
20 to 1 at 560 WQM.
You know, when dry concepts come to my house, I always have a big smile on my push.
And especially when they leave because my carpets, they leave looking just like brand new.
Which is why I've been using them for over 20 to long,
excruciating amazing years in my house.
And they never let you down.
They always do us to pin us on believable job.
Dry concepts has been the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years in South Florida.
And the only carpet cleaning company that actually dry cleans your carpeting.
And now dry concepts offer as you an opportunity to say 15% on the next carpet cleaning.
Just call dry concepts if the usual toll free number 1-800-248-5071 has to be put on their stand by list.
And then dry concepts will call you the next time they've been opening in their schedule.
Just like when you fly stand by, it's the same concept.
If you're available when they have an opening, they'll lock 15% off the regular price and save you some cash this summer.
So called dry concept today and has to be put on their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you on the very day that you call.
And you'll still get that 15% off the regular price of the job.
Don't forget, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell like any fresh and look just like brand new.
You can't be the one with a stick.
Call them today and tell them that old neil told you to call dry concepts toll free.
It's 1-800-248-5071.
This is 420 of my city.
You way, yeah.
Got the job.
Screech from Save By The Bell had his own dry out on NYPD Blue.
Hello, I'm Andy.
Hi, my name's Dustin Diamond.
Where you can call me Screech.
That was my name on Save By The Bell on your new partner.
I don't like the sound of that.
Oh, don't worry about it.
By the 11th season, I was Mr. Bell's assistant principal. I'll make a great call.
I don't think so, Aspase.
Hey, Zach used to call me Screech-y-r-r-u. And AJ called me the Screech-in-ator.
But I don't think I like Aspase.
Open your mouth again and you're gonna get bitch slapped.
Mr. Bell didn't use to protect me from bitch slappers.
What do you do if I call him down here?
So I'm gonna kick his ass.
Huh? What if I call AJ?
I'm gonna kick his ass.
Yeah, we just be buds.
In your dreams, pal.
You sound very disturbed.
Right back at you, douchebag.
Hey, I'm not a disturbed person.
I just played one on TV for 15 years.
So, you're not gonna break your jaw.
1246 is 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday to you.
And again, we are.
It's dumb Tuesday.
I'm dumb.
George is dumb.
In Vinaibor, of course, we already knew that going in.
Are we dumb or what?
Dumbest.
You know which one I'm talking about here?
I...
This is one of my favorite groups in the world.
The doors was bad, but this is worse because they're gonna be here tomorrow.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
I must have been in the promo.
And there's Canadian A.
And there's Canadian A.
Guess who?
I don't know.
How many guesses do you give me?
Dr. Bell.
Third, man.
Don't step on it.
I would never.
I don't have any idea where this goes.
First song I heard in America.
You stepped on it.
I thought it was...
I thought it was...
Well, that was...
Prelude.
Doesn't start yet.
This is the one I wanted to play in.
Like I said, this is probably the best song I ever sang.
What's your thing?
See, you cut the other one off before the big grunt.
That's my favorite part.
I don't have time for that.
It's not a music show.
It's always fun for a grunt.
See an A.
Step on it again.
Burton comes.
He's gonna come here and think the crap out of you.
Is Burton coming?
I don't know.
It sounds like it smells like it's word.
Burton.
Man.
Man.
I'm sorry about cheering a heavy load.
I was gonna happen to you in any uniform now.
Ow!
I'll be there and shake your hand.
We left him off.
Well, get him on there right away, Eric.
Immediately if not sooner.
It's embarrassing.
We are so pathetic.
We're tragic.
We want to just walk out right now.
We didn't need the money.
You know what?
Between the stroke and the dope.
Yeah.
And my lack of sleep and the whole day.
All the other fuzzarai.
And stroking the dope.
Anyway, stroke this.
This is why not the best Canadian group of all time.
And tomorrow's co-headliners, the guest who says RSS.
What is it saying to bottom of that?
I can't you cut a chopped off.
George's one.
You're just something man.
Me old man.
I can't read that in the bottom.
Thank you very much for reminding me because that would have been.
That would have been in Fomnia.
It probably would have had a hitman here in a half an hour.
Here's one that says the movie blues.
Everybody got a thanks mark.
I mean, got the movie blues and also Stevie Ray Vaughan.
And was going to go see, I can't read this.
Something about Abba.
Oh, gonna suggest Abba but talk twice.
No, I think Abba there.
That show, by the way, goes on all over the world.
Are you aware of that?
Yeah.
I think got to be on there.
That show has to be on.
There's Abba and Abba wannabe's and Abba.
Abba, you have to Abba do.
They're all over the place.
Right?
Abba, that was funny.
No, it was not.
I thought even...
It wasn't even mildly amusing.
You were hysterical.
So this trade, maybe won't you climb on board?
No, I don't play that.
I mean, it's okay, but it's at his moments.
Oh, another...
I guess you saw him that I absolutely love.
Love it.
Skip the one that I absolutely love.
Which one is that?
No sugar.
I mean, I don't have time.
You crazy?
You know how to say sugar is better though, yeah?
I forgot.
I know it.
That girl is walking on that road.
That girl is in that tunnel.
And when all of them go to the bathroom,
they'll go to the bathroom.
They'll come and get ready.
They'll come and get ready.
I'll say one thing.
That one is she sound like a man,
but she couldn't sing for crap.
She just made a lot of noise.
Which I guess is why we call it Hootsie Cootsie, right?
Hootsie Cootsie Mama?
Well, Hootsie anyway.
Not too much of the Hootsie with her, I don't think.
Certainly no Cootsie.
I heard she had a gigantic strap on as their mom heard,
but I probably shouldn't mention it on the ear.
No, that's bad.
You shouldn't say that, because some people get very upset.
Is that aegi?
That's aegi?
That's aegi?
No, no.
And then the next time Beener tries to start that QM van.
Let's see.
How many times...
Look at that cheese right up on a mix of...
Aston's 59.
Celia Cruz 54.
For good old Cecil Cruz.
Tienes must macho.
Celia Cruz or...
Freddie Cruz.
Ann Murray.
Beatles 50.
Kiss 27.
Pink Floyd 27.
Springsteen 25.
Led Zeppelin 25.
The Ho 24.
Rush 19.
Bob Dylan 19.
Elvis 18.
Jimmy Henry 17.
The doors 14.
Thank goodness they're moving.
They're sliding it up there.
Sliding it up to the other side.
Aerosmith 13.
Grateful dead 12.
The dirty dozen Elton John.
It doesn't.
Van Halen 11.
And then after that, single digits, including a...
Billy Joel with Elaine Yine.
Please, please, me a lot.
This is another disgusting story you keep feeding me these damn things it's awful.
Now I'm a troublemaker.
Just making these up.
Sacramento, California.
Four lawsuits filed to California claimed to hope his witnesses officials have been covering up alleged sex abuse of children.
But congregation leaders adding to a series of similar suits nationwide.
All right.
The law firms involved in the suits filed last week in three northern California.
Counties are holding public meetings this week in search of more victims and witnesses.
It's a widespread problem and nothing's been done about it to protect these children to protect future children.
And said, Bill Breesburg, one of the Sacramento attorneys who filed four lawsuits in California last Thursday.
Once the church leaders knew about it, they didn't do a damn thing to stuff.
Sounds familiar, don't it?
Just like our good friends at the Cantler Church.
By the way, I did do some investigative work all the sex with time.
I've had off and been putting bits in the VCS.
I did do some investigation, you know how many straight priests there are in the world.
Yeah, I...
That's what I found out.
And one of them was Father Marin who went with us no more so I guess eight.
And what was the other...what was his name?
Oh, Father Pernoy.
Yeah, he was Father Pernoy. He was also Father. That's good. That's his name.
Oh, I know. He's dead. Yeah.
What a shame. Father Karris. No.
Thank you. That would have kept me up all night.
Alex Karris.
That's the power of Christ to pay you.
Oh! The power of Christ to pay you.
Okay, it's enough. Like I told you, we don't have time for all that stuff.
Is that angry? Is that coming?
No. Is that angry? Is that the bow?
It was coming from the other side, man. I'm sorry. Watch it.
She's breaking on through from the other side.
The spirits? She's breaking back on through from the other side.
She's trying to make it come back.
Anyway, here's a...did I do this sublime thing?
Oh yeah, I got...I love today.
No, it's going on.
I don't either. I'm an incoherent and we're having a great show as a result.
I guess I should never sleep. We'd have a great show every day ago.
Like rumor.
Stone's 59, Celia 55.
I'm guarantee I have all the confidence in the world. He's going to pull it ahead.
WDQA, hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Pretty good. How you doing?
P-T.
We haven't a Zixi chick longer yet?
Zixi chick. So let's get him on right away.
The European version.
Okay, pal. What are you saying?
That was that, huh?
That was my guy.
Yeah, European.
5670560.
And 0.560.
I'm the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WDQA, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir. How about Chicago?
Oh, my God. Another one of my all-time favorite groups.
I feel like I'm an idiot today and I'm probably am.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks, pal.
Chicago.
And also I got some of that here too, which I know gets you upset.
Sure does.
You don't want Chicago?
I want Chicago a lot.
The older, the better.
Old days, Saturday and the park, all of these things.
Well, how about a bar, if you would?
Yeah, what do I think about it?
Get that right, we am all for it, man.
Don't be stepping on poor serious.
He's got enough tourists already.
Well, I guess that's a bonus because we get here a few clips here,
which of course blows off.
No, the fact that we left these people on.
Oh, there we go.
My goodness.
How is Terry Cat doing?
Oh.
Okay, but again, we're talking about performers.
Keep that in mind.
Just keep that in the before you cast your all-important vote.
We're talking performers.
Onstage, people like to really sing and perform as opposed to like in the studio.
Like for real, in front of an audience.
And entertain and amuse the new ladies and jump up and down and scratch through it.
That's the fuck that.
We got somebody at QM, those about scratching his ass by the way.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Wouldn't that have been a hell of a combo?
Celia Cruz and Chicago.
That would have taken her up.
Dynamite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18 team for Ryzen Wireless Land.
We got that big one or two hour coming up.
And then we got Joe Rose.
We got a rip Mo and Asperger two hours between two and four rhymes with Mo.
Joe Zaganki also rhymes with Joe and Mo and Joe.
Zaganki filling it for the Humper at four.
And then we got the Marlins and the Arizona Diamondback.
You've got to do better than 10,000 people people.
The team is hot as a pistol.
For all's trying to get the entire town to work up.
They were frenzy.
All the way to notice he's given up, I think.
And they're only one game out of a wild card.
They got 10,000 people there last night.
And they're playing Arizona, which is one of the two teams right now.
They're battling for that wild card deal along with the Phillies.
And he came to the baseball game and he lowly rated Joe and Mark overnight.
I said that was great to this May, you know, because they're good guys, especially Joe.
I mean, Mark, yeah.
But horrible.
What are we going to do about that?
I don't know.
I blame you for that.
It is like, because Joe is trying to be like another, you know,
with eating ass and big racks and packages.
He's trying to do that stuff.
Talk about something real intellectual.
Talk about some heavy-duty stuff, Joe, about solving the problems of the world.
Because all the people that are up overnight are like in some of the acts,
they're much in neurotic assholes.
They don't know from racks and packages and stuff.
They don't even know what they're talking about.
What are we going to do to improve the Joe and Mark show?
Ignore it.
New hosts.
Now come on, that's bad.
Very bad.
In fact, maybe Mo, if we move Mojo in the time slot.
Not bad.
They can switch the water.
What are we leaving you, folks, when we leave it,
your capable hands now, the greatest rock performer or performers of all time,
Stone 60, Celia Cruz, 56, Beatles 51,
Cinque d'uno,
Kiss 28, Pink Floyd 28, Led Zeppelin 26, Bruce Springsteen 25,
the who 24, Bill and 22, Rush 19, Rush will be here tomorrow too, by the way.
I mentioned it.
Yes.
Elvis 19, the grateful dead 17, Jimmy Hendrix 17.
I'm in local, your sports radio 560, Celia.
Celia.
Oh, this is Pope John Paulins.
And if he asks me, the only thing more fun than playing Grandass with a Swiss guy
is the Neil Rogers.
One to two.
Power.
Oh.
Surely you've got all the Harry Potter books.
And you've got the Harry Potter homespunectomy kit.
But now you've got to get the Harry Potter pet prodsology kit.
Man, that please great.
Check out your cat.
Oh, shit.
Oh, crocodile.
Five of it.
Hey, hey, hey.
The Harry Potter pet prodsology kit.
Barnyard Edition sold separately.
Wow.
How did my hot wheels car get inside a missing?
Meg my tricycle.
This month on ABC, get ready for all new blue.
And more out of work child actors.
Andy Cifuets new partner.
Zach from Save by the Bell.
Dies in week three.
Only to be replaced by Screech from Save by the Bell.
Andy, don't hand that drink.
I'll show it to the bell, please.
Then Screech has a run in with new lieutenant, Larry Bud Melman.
Hi, I'm I drunk.
In week five, meet the new team of top cops.
George W. Bush and William Jefferson Clinton.
I love you, Harlem.
And I don't have interest.
And in week seven, Fred Rerunberry takes the role of Sergeant Scusey from Internal Affairs.
Hi, hi, hi, hi.
All new blue with all old actors this month on ABC.
My fellow Americans, we have entered a new era.
And this new era requires new responsibilities both for the government and for our people.
And realize that for the first time ever, we do not believe women should be educated
or should have health care or should leave their homes.
People are going about their daily lives, working and shopping and playing as shallow materialistic consumers
who care only about getting rich or getting ahead.
And this is good for America.
I'm encouraging school children to kill all Americans and we will prevail.
Good riddance.
Tonight on Action News, Britney's new CD, it might be a bit too much for your young team.
This is retarded.
No, I was just going to stand on that level that we're not fucking now.
That's tonight on Action News.
Oh my goodness, you're doing my crew!
Oh my goodness!
I am a Republican, accountable for nothing in purveys to any wrongdoing.
I am golden.
Democrats Scusey, liberals are filthy women who are bred like rats.
I am a Republican.
I am against hate.
Why hate hate?
Unless of course it's my own.
I am Republican.
And I am not a racist.
Neither are my friends at the country club.
I am a Republican.
Sex is for humans.
I am a Republican.
I am a guest civil rights and abortion.
I am a licensed place to prove it.
I am a Republican.
A bad economy is a good thing.
I am a Republican.
I support an unprovoked war against Iraq.
Not only because I'm ordered to do so, but I believe exploiting the deaths of 3000 Americans is good for business.
I am a Republican.
I am proud to have ex-cons running my government.
I know they will never come for me.
Or I have nothing to hide.
I am a Republican.
I enjoy listening to Rush Limbaugh with my dog balls in my mouth.
I am a Republican.
I wish Hitler were still alive so I could eat the corn out of his do-do.
I am a Republican.
And you will know me.
That will be me in the leatherhead cover being led around the fetish club naked by a leash.
Oh God, I love that.
It's like the end of the pile of the scarlet campers in the ladies room.
Yes, sir.
Where's my belly with your lipstick?
Yes, sir.
Oh, sir.
I am a Republican.
You make me your slave.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants.
I'm busy with the big fat potterrican.
I got a secret you may not understand.
I'll bet you didn't know.
I'm really a man.
I shake, leap, weather, eat, and bully all jack.
But I'm still known as the girl from the block.
Hornin' men want me a lot.
But very little know that I have a thing.
I started dressing like this in my teens.
Dressing like a book of queen.
With just some collagen and silicone teats.
My body's well rounded.
Like I told you, I'm a manly man.
That's not footage cheese on my can.
I got my knee back there in the jam.
My hair is real.
Give it a squeeze.
And my hair too.
I do a better cap on the feminine vice.
But I got a little cold.
So I don't have a choice.
I like the surprise in the eyes of the boys.
When they get a load of eye on circumcised toy.
Nothing else is falling, no harmonies.
But under my clothes, the rest is me.
Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants.
I'm busy with the big fat potterrican.
I got a secret you may not understand.
I'll bet you didn't know.
I'm really a man.
A shady buttery skin, a whole little jock.
But I'm still known as the girl from the block.
Hornet night what me a lot.
But very easy to know that I have a big crew.
Wait a minute.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile
story.
We take a good, hard stiff look and to start up.
They succeeded with an upbeat tone about pulling through.
Just when you think you're going to fail.
Then they failed.
They were swing out sister.
You know, we still get mail from people about how our song changed their lives.
Lying through her teeth, swing out sisters Corrine Vluery lives in a sewer of denial.
Refusing to face the fact that her happy little song did f*** all to get her anywhere.
I'm sorry for Corrine, myself.
I've come to terms with it.
Corrine's bandmate Andy Carnall visits her often at their home.
I mean, I've accepted the fact that we were a f***ing band who didn't deserve more than one hit record.
No!
We suck, baby.
We're irrelevant.
No, no, no.
Don't stop.
To ask.
Now you found a break to make it last.
Oh, we're lame.
Break out.
Come on, sing with me now, Andy, please.
If you love me, sing with me.
Oh, God!
Come on, go start.
To ask.
Now you found a break to make it last.
You've got to find a way, say what you want to say.
Swing out sister.
You can't run a puke, but that's what makes great television.
It's a big juicy, something went look at your business tonight, on Inside the Bind.
Tired of watching news with a bias and watch the news channel that keeps insisting it's fair and balanced,
even though anyone with an IQ over four can see it's not.
It's Fox News, with a powerful, prime time lineup so powerful that we're gonna keep repeating the word powerful as much as possible.
First at eight, it's the O'Reilly back here.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, now you've said two sentences and I have not interrupted you.
Well, Bill, if I could just say that.
Oh, no, you don't.
I'm not thinking the way with that.
Then at nine, it's more debatable debate on Fox News.
Canadian comed discuss the issues of the day at the top of their lungs.
Tonight the subject Hillary Clinton, is she a crazed twisted liberal or just a vicious conniving bit?
Well, I f***** shut up, Alan, you comey.
Then it's him.
Fox News presents the edge with Paulazon.
We don't know why she has a show, but she's your little scourge.
Tonight on the edge, we'll examine why George W. Bush is the greatest president in the history of the universe.
And we'll hear from both sides conservative Republicans and liberal Republicans.
Fox News.
The coverage is always fair, accurate and balanced towards our point of view.
On Fox News.
Fox News.
We distort.
You decide.
All right.
One of my favorites.
I love it.
Ten past one at five, sixty, WQ I am.
How are we doing on that pole, George?
Just fine.
Well, I don't know how you're doing on yours.
Am I poor?
I'm restin' it.
Stone 64, greatest rock performer of all times.
Stone 64, Freddie Cruz.
I mean, Cigarette Cruz.
59.
Second place.
Move it up.
It's a little bit more than you're gonna get.
Beatles 53, Led Zeppelin Twin on after those top three minutes of small taders.
I'll tell you if you have small taders or big feet or in between.
Brandys could hook you up with some fantastic name brand shoes and arm-meatable prices,
which is why Brandys been around so long.
This is the 25th year that Brandys shoes have been in popular beach and that's in great location.
They got rock ports, echoes, mafisto, timberland, clarks, SAS, floor shine, lots more.
All the top names that you know love and the head on your feet.
And they got a wide range of sizes no matter how teeny tiny or gigantic your feet are.
Men size a six to fifteen, women's five to twelve, and widths from the very very narrow to the very big wide fat and grotesque.
And don't forget their professional sales staff give you personal friendly service
to make sure you walk out of there with a perfect fit every single time.
Brandys shoes your five to mid-12 night into a federal highway and popular beach open daily nine, nine,
Sundays, 10 to five, and right now for the second week and rather continuing this great special.
It's a great time to buy naturalizers all this week again at Brandys gets you an $80 value for only $3490 to $4490.
So stop in this week for sure or visit Mono Web if you like it.
Brandys shoes dot com.
My, my, and locals, this is 420560, way, way, way.
I could hear the word asshole.
I'll never get these f**k beans out of my husband's shorts.
You will now introducing new no f**k laundry detergent with scum guard.
Let's face it, human bodily fluids of the toughest stains to remove from valuable undergarments.
Whether it's snuff, the f**kles, creations, blood, even seagulls, new no f**k attacks these tough stains with patented scum guard for a deep down clean.
Try new no f**k today and if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back.
No s**t, no f**k, let's scum guard.
Insect shops now.
Yeah, baby.
The R2-D2, nuclear powered vibrator.
Super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrating action is sure to satisfy even the most frigid.
What do you think?
Use it on mom.
Dad.
Even the cat.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
And coming soon, the Yoda's solar powered butt plug.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
The R2-D2, super cyborg, nuclear powered vibrator.
pectacular Wow questionstart
Some make some makes some makes some make some to the wall and some make Spit the beat
Drake, and that's all did.
We ain't going forward from the anytime so do the audits.
And get the first call and...
What that's all 
The one has probably been fed out.
Theood
They'll have everyone talking about!
Coming to Alza Zira TV this fall,
Survivor is Lomac Law!
Each week 16 female contestants will try to survive
Harge is Lomac Law,
as they compete in luxury reward challenges
just outside the Holy City of Mecca.
This will be the toughest survivor ever.
See women try to steal bread from a local baker
without getting their hand chopped off.
Pfft!
One lucky contestant can win immunity
if she can get behind a wheel of her car,
without getting bayonet in her head.
Pfft!
Aaaaah!
And how about saying nice things about Jews
in front of a Muslim cleric
without getting shot on sight?
So tune into Alza Zira TV this fall
for the premiere of Survivor,
Islamic Law!
It's TV to die for.
Twenty games out, what's the point?
Who can play moment they need?
Time does not be valid,
time's mess just can succeed
without a niggle bag of premium weed.
Rolling papers,
roast quesad, a water bomb.
Maybe next year during the draft they'll get cheats.
And strong!
Well instead of beer and hot thoughts,
then there's will be selling grass under a cloud of smoke.
And it will be a flower ball that could knock you on your ass,
aching a lot on their toes.
Cause the New York mess just won't get high.
Stand around and wave at plays in the sky.
Smoke the pot, smoke the pot.
Starbob the mess, smoke the pot.
Swining eggs out, what's the point?
Who can play moment they need?
Time does not be valid,
time's mess just can succeed.
Without a niggle bag of premium weed.
They're eating rindings, twinkies.
Ruffles rinsed potato chips.
Well the men play just like they're all high on acid trash.
The New York mess.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Let's bomb the dog.
Make a crap for his bomb, bomb, bomb.
Make it real real, we'll go.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Tasane isn't me.
Hold let's turn him into a circle bugger dog.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, who say.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Tasane keeps on bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
There ain't no freaking babies, no sand, no fricking heat
Bonsa Dom, Bonsa Dom, George W.
It's getting hard to you, his daddy didn't do it, so it's way over to Bonsa Dom
Bonsa Dom, Bonsa Dom, Bonsa Dom
Dom is an aid home, let's turn them into turquoise
Bonsa Dom, Bonsa Dom
How do you find the defendants?
Aha, I am Czech, Your Honor!
About what?
So sorry, I always wanted to do what's the jury's verdict?
Ah, not guilty!
I told you, I ain't never done nothing
Just because I'm black maybe you're using me or something
So I killed the bitch, or that I've gone away
And now they try to never black us today, that you'll see
Aha, I still ain't super star
I'm gonna give my old job back at her, it's with the car
Yo!
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
There'll be the biggest hit of the whole year It should not be harder Here comes Harry Potter
He'll be rolling Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' in the lolly
Big old Harry, Harry glasses On his boy, he's got a life in both scarred
Childhood was tragic So it took a magic He can fly up through what he can't drive up car
This could not be harder Here comes Harry Potter He'll be rolling Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' in the lolly
I'm Chad Gopal And this is the final edition of Nightline
You'll probably notice lately that much like all other news organizations we've been featuring only weak puff teases
But tonight we're going to break away from all that We originally scheduled a tour of Michael Jordan's bathroom
Instead we have with us the father of Taliban soldier John Walker Lind, Mr. Paul Lind
Mr. Lind, how are you this evening?
Just Tandy
You hired...
And you explain why he joined the Taliban?
Spoiled brat, always hated taking a bath
Why does he use his mother's maiden name?
So I don't know, she's the one who wanted a baby
You seem vaguely familiar, aren't you?
No, everybody thinks I'm dead That was my lover I told him not to stand near the window
So you assumed his identity?
I was gonna call it that We had the same way signs
Were you surprised you find your son was living in Afghanistan?
I just thought it was a carpet star in Kel-Tel-Beak
Yes, I see It's not your real hair I'm gonna assure you it is
I now believe you Mind if I jack?
Satisfied?
Too much act when it blowtries out, fella Try some dippity too
I'll be back with some final thoughts after this
Oh, sissy
You've seen films about the Irish Mafia and the Russian Mafia
Now meet the Amish Mafia in Martin Scorsese's
Gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch Country
Hezekiah, I now has to find looking milk cow
Yes, it would be a shame if something pertains to happen to it
Are these suggesting I pay the protection?
Ah, but I think it is Gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch Country
It's filled with excitement but no electricity
Now I've laid on thy interest payments
And I regret that I must break it thy knees with this butter churn
How thou forgot and it is a sin to collect on the status?
I be 60
Oh, forgive me with my blasphemy
I shall break it thy knees on the motto
Don't miss the barn raising suspense of gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch Country
Put aside thy carpentry or I come up to whack thee
Martin Scorsese's Gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch Country
Where made guys aren't just made
They're crafted by hand
126 at 560 WQM, I some good news though on our pool
Talking about people we left off
Yeah
CCR
I'm very proud that we left them off
It prouders in proud Mary
Oh God, do I hate CCR, man?
You have no idea, I'm not sure if I hate Pete Boulder worse or them
26 after 1 we got the little dog Joe Ross for the mad dog
It too we got Joseph Gackie for the Humper at 4
Is anybody like working a regular?
No
No, and even Mo's going on vacation tomorrow, thank God
By now you've been hearing about lemon and sorrus
Now lemon-ated wood flooring from lemon and sorrus is the easy to spark
Low maintenance alternative natural wood flooring
Lemon and sorrus is the best place for you to find lemon-ated wood flooring from Peridor
Pergo Wilson Art Unifloor and Quick Step 2
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo as certified installers
Here's another good reason why you ought to be called lemon and sorrus
Their prices will floor you
Right now you can get there some special for just
1995 bucks
That's right, just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful
Lemon and wood flooring is positively unbelievable
Lemon and sorrus will match any gym written off or two
For a free and a home estimate with no obligation call lemon and sorrus tool free
1 8777773336
What could be easier to give your free carpet disposal
Free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years and years of beautiful easy care lemon and wood flooring
Call lemon and sorrus two day tool free and be sure and tell them that ancient croaking meal 30 to call
1 877773336
My life and loco
This is 4205 City
You ain't way in you ain't
If my heavy towel hurts at 560 WQA
Are you gonna watch another boring show this weekend?
4 Are You Gonna Get Serious
This Saturday night on ESPN it's the upend of the year
The WWWF City Dance Slapdown
We'll be ashamed now, not get off
We'll be ashamed now, not get off
We'll be ashamed now, not get off
And school in the world's weakest and geekiest claim the title of world's biggest city
No, I'll pay
I'll pay the end of punishment
No, the accusation
I'm telling my dad
I'm telling my dad
I'm telling my mom
It's the WWWF City Dance Slapdown
Who will claim the title and rule?
Find out this Saturday night on ESPN
He likes to set up color people
Here
He likes to frame the color people
Are you sure?
Do you hear this?
Yeah
It's like a Beatles song
There's a channel missing
I think it's because of the way you want
Your board, this board or the boat
I love it
I can't wrap some of the sea of cruising
There's a lot there
All the summer for men
They drop the bloody blood
All right
This is the best
Is that a good idea?
What's the spit cause?
Officer for men
He played out the city
No, I'm playing it off the DCS
I dubbed it
Here board's only W1 Channel
Wrong
The hook is what?
There's the proof
Oh, it's here
This one, okay
No, it would make a difference
It must be trackings
It actually has a lot of things
It's gonna be separated in it
That one good
What happened again?
Oh, Jay
I think you did it
But I want to know for sure
You should be able to believe that
If you like to play golf at 10 o'clock at night
You wouldn't know what I think
I think you're gonna get passed around
Like my son is at the end of the ride
You slide
You'll get the power to fall
You are
You are
You are best
You are best
You are best
You are best
You are best
Everyone had enough OZ coverage
Their lives
Me, you, nobody cares anymore
And no, Jay, just sitting there
Looking bored
Spending $200,000 an hour on legal fees
I'm not impressed
I just want to laugh my day back
Get off my day back
Oh, Jay
Oh, Jay
Nobody used to the silver
Phone 20p, make my ass
Come on
How much did you pay for all of that?
Now you're going to hell
And some loser named Kato has a career
You make my turn
Look like a boss
Wow
Wow
Come on
Get the power
My say-say
My say-say-say
My say-say-say
You'll get a nade withITE
What, inspired me like bar spoon?
Alright, you will get a big, skirt simple compromise
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my love
Who's he, who's he, who is he?
Well, not sure
Now what, he got you
Let me tell you
that you liked
in your dreams
Oh, Jay was soon to be free
Watching every day on the TV try the other days are here crack a smile
Waiting for the motion for the big mistrips when humans are the country doing a big high five years walking
Thanks to see I'm talking
Oh Jay be doing in the huby right back. Oh, hey, he's seen
You
Welcome back, baby's days Monday night football. We're proud of back with us an old friend just
Listen, we're we're sorry about some of those jokes the Buffalo Civil Range thing
I don't want to wait a lot
How's that doing in a car tree?
Well
Oh
The
night.
I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I said hello.
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse.
Good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes.
Why did we move the process?
Sir, you told me to move the bride.
I didn't tell you.
You must have misunderstood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
You all move the practice.
OK.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What are you doing?
Remaz.
Yeah, boss.
Shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remaz.
Hi, there.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm telling you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes, I'm going to
go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah, here you go.
Stop it, Remaz.
I'm going to fall low.
Stop falling low, Remaz.
Remaz.
Remaz.
It's one thing to my hand, Remaz.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remaz.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remaz.
Stop sawing the phone.
I'm going to fall.
Sorry.
I said, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time slot and fourth and fourth.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What's the hell you're doing with a high monocoreal?
What?
What?
Don't play, Remaz.
I'll jam the thing down your throat.
Get the food right away from me.
Oh, come on, Blueberry.
I'm allergic.
I saw.
Sir, over 25 million people saw.
Shut up, Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide aside.
I'm the puppet master.
I say it.
You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like a man.
And then, then, then, then, then.
Puppet master.
Me.
Idiot.
Oh.
Puppet!
Reveal the mind.
Here's the apple.
What the hell are you doing now?
It's in the floor, though.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remus.
Get out.
Come on over to work.
Get out.
Eisner.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry.
Killin' me, softly.
And what about Roberta Flack?
What about her?
I don't know.
I just thought I'd say that because I love that song.
Anyway, the votes with the 20 or more, that's all we'll give now.
Grateful dead 24.
The greatest rock performers of all time.
Elvis 24.
The Ho 28.
Pink Floyd 31.
Bruce Springsteen 31.
Kiss 32.
Led Zeppelin 32.
Bob Villain 33.
Frightening.
Beatles 60.
The Beatles.
And look at that.
It's an 80.
That's the one coming.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But what do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
But you and me, for me, is much better, 6 to 10, not 5.
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
But what do I do?
I think we might be happy to get there.
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
Ooh, you're a ugly bearded one. Your time has come.
We think it's about time you died, or summer?
Ooh, we want you to arrive, get or alive.
There is not a place that you can hide, or summer?
Ooh, you make a sick, such a prick.
Time to say goodbye, wait until she outlaw.
Please tell him that we also had high-bye.
Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Woo!
Did you just die, or summer?
Come a little closer, huh?
A will ya, huh?
Jump this forehead up your ass and die.
Or summer?
Hiding in Afghanistan, the Taliban.
Soon, you will be running out of time or summer.
Ooh, you make a sick, such a prick.
Time to say goodbye, wait until she outlaw.
Please tell him that we also had high-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Woo!
Did you just die, or summer?
Did you just die, or summer?
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind-the-true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story,
we take a good, hard stiff look into start-up.
Sure, bad a fair amount of whang,
but man, they had chung coming up air-hears.
They were wang chung.
Everybody whang chung, just madly,
everybody whang chung, just madly.
What we were saying with that song was basically, you know,
everybody have fun tonight.
It's like, it's like f**king Zen, you know?
It's all Chinese and Zen like.
Yeah.
It's a nice exclusive interview.
Wang chung's lead singer, Jack Hughes,
engages in some really pre-moent-electual masturbation.
You was on the same bed,
and I danced all day.
And then, in dance hall days,
we were saying basically, you know,
dance hall days.
F**king amazing.
I beg you, I beg you.
What you want to name the band Wang Chung for?
You stupid f**king gold blouse.
We'll hear from the band's first manager, Anthony, up your uncle.
Cool, Jack was such a pretentious little no-bend.
And his hope will also be about the name of the band.
And tonight, never before seen footage of Jack Hughes
explaining himself until his head explodes.
Well, the philosophy of Juan Chung
seeks to find a pitch of music
which conforms to the principles of cosmic order.
This is the yellow bell that rings at the center of the universe.
Create a vibration, and not only that,
but Juan Chung works for the band.
It's a big juicy,
sopping wet look at show business tonight on Inside the Behind.
151-560 W.D. Cuyamont,
I'll tell you one thing.
Our poll is coming along just about the way I expected.
Beatles third, right?
Right.
60 votes, stones on top, 73, and sandwich right in between, number two spot.
It's an angry, that's going to be a double.
It's an angry, that's a double.
Little C-Soul-Cruz.
We have the idea.
Oh man.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Does it for me?
Pindaho.
Summer time in South Florida guarantees three things.
Heat humidity in hurricanes.
You know, you can't control the weather,
but you can control how you protect your home during hurricanes season.
The Hurricane Shutters and Windows shop provides the best hurricane protection anywhere.
Which is one call to the Hurricane Shutters and Windows shop.
They'll be at your home in the very next day.
With the quote for Hurricane Shutters, Windows, and doors customized and engineered specifically for you and your house.
From panels, accordions, roll-up shutters, impact-resistant windows and doors.
The Hurricane Shutters and Windows shop will absolutely, positively, not be undersold.
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks,
you are buying directly from the manufacturer and wholesaler.
So call them.
Call a Hurricane Shutter and Windows shop toll-free and tell them that they'll be able to call 1-800-538-0191.
They also offer cash and carry for all you do yourself handyman out there.
So if you're really serious about hurricane protection, customized engineers specifically for your home.
Call the Hurricane Shutter and Windows shop toll-free 1-800-538-0191.
That's 1-800-538-0191.
That pipe smoker and uncircumse I skew, would bend and gauge in the fatal of death.
I'm a cranky homo-fold, not that I mind it, but I'm way too old.
I fantasize about fear and death, and at risk with feed-loos my boyfriend did it.
I'll just make up with Ginger in some thing, and then ask him to rate my fun.
No, there ain't no more again.
Though I would not feel the most fooling, and I would not be ashamed about a Ginger and more gay union
Just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, baby, kill me, you're not my guy.
Yeah!
You sound like a nine-year-old kid.
Hey!
Only a macho-menly guy.
You don't know me.
That makes me lift my wings.
If Ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my oldest baby now.
Inside his pimply rear end, today, today, today.
No, I would not be a sport-old.
Now!
If I was not a closet of faith, that's why a Ginger and more gay union would make me feel giddy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, Ginger and more gay union would make my sorrel-boney ass kill-stay.
If we had a Ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped, evident.
Full motivation on the fields of battle.
He's open-served to a nation of a feeding cattle.
We'll see nobody's back.
Work ask it straight with class.
And that the television shed face won't feed you.
I'll tell you something that you won't be seeing on the news.
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
And we have good ways on.
We're keeping us in the dark.
A noble act of praise on.
We're far best interests at heart.
No need no civil rights.
If you have nothing to hide,
so just relax on your back as a question-y-all.
Why do you concern long as you're the winner?
It's all gonna be you.
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
That little black thing that's walking on that little black thing,
has that stupid-
Bye, bye, bye!
I'm gonna show you what I'm fighting for.
I wanna give you a kiss.
You can kiss my rear end.
Absolutely.
