Anyway, good morning Neil your boy Dave Gurgs, huh? Yeah, he's a great guy
But every time I walk in there his face turns blue good Gurgley myster. He knows how much I can put away food and booze
Well, I'm gonna change my name to Neil Gurgley
Hey, that would work. I love that name. Hey, uh, goodly man. Only I'm a sports station
Can you have something named Gurgley? Hey, did you hear about the Boston sports rider that came out yesterday?
Yeah, I have a good one here. I have the story right here man. I could say you got it right here
I can't get your Tom Brady, but I can get you him. No thanks. No old enough me. What's his name Ed?
Does something? Yeah, I am with a story. I had it on there. Ed Gray. Ed Gray rhymes with gay
Yeah, I got it right here. I'm gonna read it. I'm like listen to what's he so mad about?
He thinks everybody's a homo fault and everybody's out to get him or something. He's listening to your show a lot
Yeah
Well, then he's like anyway, I have a real dilemma today
We're gonna take a preliminary pool on it because Moe is like going to such great lengths now to reach out
He's like extending the hand the gland of friendship to us and I just I don't know because it's almost like too much too soon
You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, it's tough for me. I think it's I think it's your fault because you've turned on
I'm so much. I think he's like reaching out the last person he can
Well, look at me funny. It's simple. I see him every day and you don't have to and so I
I've done everything I can to be cool to this guy. I've known him for years. I've told you many times
You know, I can't force him to be
Cool, I can't force him to not be the way he is. I mean, nobody knows how he is Christ. Well, what is the way he is?
I've been trying to say well you know the fact you love me to start saying stuff the bottom line is that
Let's just say it gets under people's skin. Yeah, and he's good at it
And you know what? Doesn't face me one way or the other coated John Holmes. He got under people's skin. It's a big d's
Yeah, no, I think I think
Is glad I'm living in what's his name? What's his name that's playing John Holmes in this movie? What's his name for out anyway?
Oh, seriously, what the hell's uh, you know, I didn't know you're talking about the John Holmes movie
I didn't know there was a new portal. He was he played in he played Batman
You know, the guy played Jim Morrison in the doors movie about killer about killer. That's right
He plays him and I liked him in salt and sea. I saw yesterday on a regency. He looked like Jesus. He was fab with a beard
Just John Holmes a little clippet of John Holmes thing and from the from the crotch up. He looked just like him
Do you know what you're about to be about?
Killers good looking no, I don't know
He's gross. I thought he was great in salt and sea as well. I covered crank at it. No problem. He's on yours man
Go for it. Well, I don't know that way, but I can tell you the reason my favorite I got down to John Holmes model
Maybe he's got something really surprising for you. Yeah, you know, I should get my girlfriend a John Holmes model and strap that on the end of my missile
I bet
Oh no, no, I think that maybe you're like looking for the old. Oh, I forgot to play bend over yesterday
Let me just say this lastly to you. I know that we talked yesterday about Danny heavey wrecking the car now you were like
He was drunk dude. There's no doubt and they're gonna cover up his blood out all tests for five weeks
That's the dumbest thing I've heard and they didn't know anything about Buckhead knows they were out drinking
It was two in the morning they're driving a Ferrari nine miles an hour. Yeah, they have limited amounts of alcohol on a
It's a bunch of both crap then snider or whatever the kids then what's the other kids name?
He's brain dead now. He's in a coma. Is he really brain dead? Yeah, he's in a coma. Oh my but they're saying that uh, you know, I yesterday
I was I guess today is that your vengeance on the trashers. No, it isn't right. I love the trashers
I want them to win, but you can't blame me because they were out at two in the morning drunk driving a Ferrari nine miles
And I was the stationery. Did you work for the team? I was for the Turner sports was shown in the team
They don't own them anymore. They saw them for this is this is for us vengeance on the team
You're high here wrong. I hope that Danny healy dies my vengeance was simple
Let me explain it so you can clear this up. Yeah, I got paid for four years. I worked for one. There's your vengeance
I kind of nice deal Neal. I'm not stupid. I can all relate to it. That's a deal deal. I paid from PAX and that is a new deal
I'm like your Neil deal working today. Oh my the Humper has got the best deal
You notice how Hank is like off every day. It's off the whole week long and none of it is vacation time hammer
I like hammer so he's got a set one I asked him for out in John thing. It's and he said he just couldn't get him
Yeah, I love the hammer though. He's he's the best you know, I you keep saying that with the Howard job
I really rather do after news who the hell wants to talk sports in the freaking morning job is at it
Yeah, who's job you really want? Let's put it right out there in the table
I think if I was on before the games I'd make the stationery lot more money than talking about him in the morning
Yeah, I think people that talk sports in the morning are depressing
I think people to talk about him right before the game or right after make money
I did a syndicated show and I was successful. I was on right out. I was happy to be out in John's ticket to yeah
Okay, have a nice day Neil
See you
Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station and today is Russia Shana the Jewish New Year in an effort to celebrate
Religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths
We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year
Hey, hey, happy New Year
Hey, that's it. Go home. Okay
I always pension out a lot
The other night I went there and said the phone
Got the white I put on a fresh look at this before I realized I get a tiny cake
Absolutely walled-dead seat
Countless
I had sold a bacon that I saw this morning
I put my finger up there when my spring thing is clogged
I'm all that I've read it in the super-assign
I got a diaper ready
That's why I wear baggy veil
I need the room for more time
I got a diaper ready
The diaper's on my when I was control
You can hear the crud when I scratch my whole neck
I scream on a little bowling bar
Under the flat for my school
Out from my pain time you're in some trips
You'll be so much trouble of the way you do
Dear Mo, just put a rubber band around your balls like this
Now
There was only one thing I get to do
My ass
I get the diaper ready
Okay
I put a pillow on the back
Under his back and now I feel so romantic
You're my moment for you
But you like so much joy
10.07 at 5.60 wqa. I'm happy Wednesday to it's our big Wednesday extra
We got that gigantic one in two hour which will really be good because it can be a chance to watch some of the Yankee twins game is the Yankees go down
Like I told you Scott they're going down down down down
Get out down and out
And not in Beverly Hills either
It's a beautiful thing and then of course you can hear the the gasping choking sounds from Atlanta. Can't you hear them?
I can same ones that you hear just about every year at this time choking squeezing
Crappin they're done
They'll be out I think the cup will be them in three straight now
So we got the twins in the Yankees at one o'clock which won't be on the year but I'll be watching it
We'll do like a little play by play again like yesterday
Marlon Zondecdo follows the mad dog another short show for the mad dog and no show for the hopper always
But I'm a real man we're on the wrong time slot you know what oh yeah, I know let us start looking at these schedules
The beginning of the season and figure out what time we want to be on
You know the Yankee games tomorrow. Oh it's not today. No, they have a day off. Well, what kind of a schedule is that?
We got the A's in the Red Sox today, but that's not till 10 o'clock tonight. Well, that's where it is. Oh
Jesus
Ah mad dog two to three thirty Marlon Zondec three thirty Marlon's and the ad Giants in frisco again 406
It's a must win because if they don't win this one, it's basically over right wouldn't you agree with that? Yes
10th inning playoff special would lamb Casper and Tommy Hutton at the 730
Cubs at the braves and like I said you can hear those gurgly sounds from
Atlanta at eight thirty night at a key follows the game
Joe and Mark overnight and Joe Castello is going to be out in our QM van tomorrow noon to two. Oh my god
explanation on that whole thing and what's that but that noon till whatever thing
They're only required to be there or whatever for an hour, but Miguel said here's the deal and I think it's a good idea
Well, let me require whatever whatever is that we all they made the company just wait a minute
So if they don't make five hundred they don't have to stay there the whole two hours if it turns out to be a lame location
They can pick up and go somewhere else
Right for about five minutes for another hour every few minutes if there isn't like a whole bunch of people
They'll just pick up and go someplace else now we'll put it on a year and then by the time anybody gets there
They'll be one of another place that sounds good. Okay, they can keep chasing the van around yeah, just keep
Well, you remember how like in previous years they would go to a location
We thought it would be a good location and it turned out to be a dud and they were like stuck there
So right way he's not gonna be stuck in Atlanta and those days it would be like they would start like a 10 30 or 11 o'clock in the morning
And we had like generally during the entire show now it's a different start when you start at noon
There's not like really time to be grouped and pick up and go to a second place. I don't think I don't think so
Well McGell on his way out of here this morning say if he does five hundred dollars in the first hour
He'll stay another hour
Well, what do you mean on his way out of here this morning? He's not doing anything today. No, it is way out of the studio
vio
If he does five hundred dollars the first hour he'll stay another hour
Well, what kind of a deal is that so what if he does like four sixty? Well come on. We're not gonna split hairs
Not seriously if he does four hundred the first hour like maybe people are a whole bunch of people on a way
They're to get there for the second hour and he might have another six hundred to second hour
And he's gonna leave because he didn't do five hundred what kind of a deal is that just a game
Listen, it's kind of like we're jerkin as difficult as it is to raise money for charity this year
This is gonna be one of the toughest years in a long time
To be jerkin the public around like that and say well
Will be there from noon to two if you show up and if not like when you get there
I'll probably be gone
What's he got going he can do the rain before noon? Okay two or three times
With his potent the penis he can he can do her two or three times
Jesus we've her laying gasping for oxygen right there on a guy
They in promotion room floor and then head on out of there and they go do something productive for a couple of hours
Take a little breather
Take a respite from that bitch
Right
Yeah, sure no one wouldn't you be parked off if you sit up like 20 till two if you drove from like homestead
I'll not like we're not gonna save what's going on on the year yeah
Well, suppose you drew all the way from homestead and like two minutes before you got there
I came on a year it said oh well it wasn't too good so Miguel took off sure because he's they're gonna drive all the way from homestead
Right or whether that you came from not all of our audiences in pop it all beats thank God
We got a few people on the age of a hundred how many we got 30 man we've got some
I mean, there's nobody lives in pompato beach who isn't at least 90
They're all at win-more and what's that other crag you old place up there cemetery village
Is there a cemetery village up there probably on pompato?
There's two the median ages death just looking at clubhouse at pompato park any night
There's me and fat rich and Derek were by far the youngest people in there and Dica fineberg and Steve Wolf other than that
Everybody's over the age of a hundred let's get some living and breathing people at pompato park this fall
What do you say? Huh?
Some young people like Brian Sears
12 minutes past 10 at 560 WQM. So what do you think Gordon Fraser junior or clearance a yacht?
Who would be your choice or jury vanfield or how about Wayne temple since it is Russia's Shunno
We ought to be mentioned in temple lot. Do you think?
Huh?
You know it's that time of the year again
It's the two year when the mattress shows and furniture stores run as phony baloney ad sales those con jobs
Donald mattress has a question to axe if you double the price and then offer half off
What kind of a sale is that the fact is these stores have got to run a special sale to come
Even close to competing with the everyday low prices that you love a tile a mattress
For discount prices on dozens of models from the top names in the binocili shirt a temper pete ximin scheme coil
Steers and foster hewitt call one 800 mattress no nonsense no bait and swish
No house brands no phony promises and best of all you don't have to pay no premium price for the very very best service available anywhere
I still can't go over to got it was pissed off because I said more de glitchman what an asshole
You've got service like you dream about from our friends and tile mattress delivery team ranked the best in the world
When you call one 800 mattress you still get to pick the day and time for delivery any to our window that there
You want them to hop through like noon to two one to three two to four whatever it is any day seven days a week
From eight in the morning till ten at night and the very first night you'll be sleeping in serious comfort
You'll be doing it. I've been sleeping on a mattress and dollar mattress for years
You ought to be doing the same with low prices same day delivery
Free set up and removal. It's easy to see why these folks are ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction
So let's get sucked in by those mattress rooms or furniture store phony ads
They can't come close to not in the same league with our close personal bodies at dollar mattress
Call them today toll free one 800 mattress
One 800 MATT RES and impregnate your mate on a really lovely mattress from dollar mattress even if it's a guy or check them on the web at
mattress.com
Here's for radio five sixty two a.m
It's time to get it on well congratulations get alive
Previously on the west way yeah yeah yeah yeah okay yes yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay sure yeah okay yeah okay sorry yeah yeah yeah yeah we try and just say no I don't think it's gonna work
Okay, sure we're not out of doing
All right 1018 at 5.60. See there's my psychic powers coming up again
I must have known somewhere in the back of my mind that that spot was gonna run just before we came back
You must about the west wing never seen that show is it any good? I wouldn't know I've never seen it either. Oh what do you think Scott any good?
I don't watch it. Oh
1114 votes and yesterday's poll pretty heavy duty what sport or game do you hate most hate as
Indispies hate
Nazcar they hated Joe poor Joe Castellaman he just can't get it right
God nobody listened to a show overnight because they don't want to hear about boobies that hour of the night
They want to hear about what do they want to hear
boobies now they don't want to hear about boobies they want to hear about like people from outer space
If you would do the art bell thing you know boobies on outer space
Nazcar 255 they hated pro wrestling was a very respectable second 241
Golf I'm pleased to see that golf 157 is a strong third that makes me please this punch
Soccer 104 I don't even know if I should have put it on there, but of course there are a lot of kids in the country
Play soccer so it is kind of like an American thing even though like way down on list dog racing 61
Because we have a lot of dog lovers in the audience not too many that want like help us with the band and
No, not enough, but we have people that like it's like the Marlon crowd
You know like all they're always Jim Sarny writing about the ratings and people are watching for free on TV
Like that means that there's a whole bunch of fans. That's not what it's all about Sarny you little
God for you idiot. God. I think he and very jackass are the same person
Uh dog racing 61 boxing 51 bowling 45
Why would you hate bowling? I don't know boring
It is
Well, yeah, I don't know about I don't watch bowling I have it in years. I'll
I used to watch it back when Carmen Salvino was a plan and buddy Beaumont and Buzz Faisio remember Buzz Faisio
No, and uh Thurman Gibson. Oh, what what up mine? See here we go again
Here's another part of my brain needs scraping out when it doubts scrape it out
Cleanse it
Basketball 44 that's basically because most of our audience is white and the basketball thing is mostly a schwarz your thing
Hockey 31 that's not too bad. It's pretty decent total horse racing 28 football 28
I can't I can't believe that they're 20 probably women
Who hate football because it's you know takes their men away for hours and hours and they get like all
Clashed it out of their skull. I like that probably not a bad idea though
Because if the guys get plaster they don't realize how ugly and skanky and smelly some of them abroad's are highlight 27
Baseball 24 and Tennessee teen now see if you were looking at this you'd say oh see
Baseball is more popular than football
No
No chance. No way Jose. Oh no a Catholic priest in San Antonio Tuchus
Faces criminal charges after allegedly exposing himself to another cover police officer in a public park rest room last week
just to start
Reverend Jersey Sezniskiy of some Polo
52 was arrested Friday afternoon on charge of a decent exposure. He was later released on bond
Maybe he had to be with sprinkling gold bond on it or maybe just took a powder
They're priestly replaced on administrative leave by the archdiocese of San Antonio while investigations conducted church
Spokesman Deacon Pat Rogers told he San Antonio express news. I wonder if he's a kind of Deacon Dolson
And now how many of these are you got how many these stories?
Christ almighty
Jesus
Did I finish the poll now? I never even finished it. Let me finish my poll and then we'll read about which polls the priest are hanging on
Uh, and football 28 highlight 27 baseball 24 tennis only 18
See I never got to that thing about tennis which would mean you you think that that says tennis is the most popular sport in South Florida
Anybody believe that oh no? No, no
Like we said yesterday the only reason anybody watches tennis is because they want to see who's playing
They want to see Anna who in a whole yeah, where some other hot female tennis players who are dikes
All right, there are any
And don't tell me Jennifer Capriotti man is she uh talk about tree trunks
She's that she makes Janet Wino look like um
Yeah, Raquel Welch old. I'm serious our old while she is old
Ex-pastor sentence for sex abuse a former pastor who led one of Mecklenburg's biggest churches now Mecklenburg is where
It's in North Carolina, isn't it I guess I thought it was in West Virginia
Mecklenburg is in Pennsylvania
I think the Mecklenburg is in West Virginia, which is close to uh
Now I think it's in the Pennsylvania a former pastor uh
What paper is this fraud or the Charlotte does something or other but I still think it's in Pennsylvania
Who led one of their biggest churches in Fri on bond that after being sentenced in Pennsylvania for five to ten years in prison for sexually assaulting his niece
Oh, that's nice
In an emotional hearing yesterday in a Carlisle Pennsylvania courtroom the Reverend Lainer Hurley
Professed his innocent city for gave his niece for what he called false accusations by her
He's expected to ask for a new trial of the grounds that his previous lawyer was incompetent
According to prosecutor Jamie Keating the niece was ten at the time of the crime now sixteen
She cried as she pleaded with a judge to send her early to prison
According to the sentinel newspaper and Carlisle her father screamed at her late
Keating told the crowd a courtroom that rather than forgiveness hurley should seek repentance from a less than a child
After the sentence was an outstrily posted the $150,000 bond return to his home in Norfolk, Virginia
But so we're going to have like Pennsylvania North Carolina. Oh West Virginia. He's all over the place
Bond had been 75 grand he was convicted in May on four counts of sexual assault of a minor
The crimes occurred in 1997 when he was living with his niece's family in Carlisle, Pennsylvania
Tuesday's sentencing was the latest step at hurley's long stunning downfall from
1984 to 94 he built Matthews United Methodist in one of the areas fastest growing congregations
He brought in two thousand new members initiated building expansion and inspired members with his moving sermons
He was moving it
He resigned and turned in as the United Methodist preaching credentials in 1994 citing mirroredal stress burn out and health problems
He said nothing publicly been about sexual misconduct
He denied sexually assaulting his niece or being a pedophile retired United Methodist bishop
Bevel Jones and charge of the conference in 94 called hurley a gifted preacher but a sad creature who was brought down by his own problems
He's a gifted preacher, but a sad creature
That's what his teacher said
Maybe he watched creature features with big Wilson effect while leading Arthur Treacher's right. Oh, I hated. Oh, I heard that
Yeah, he was on the murk riff and show and I don't know
Did murk riff and had any talent beside making money? No nice, but see I like that
I respect the fact that somebody although he didn't vet those quiz shows
He invented Hollywood not the Hollywood squares. Oh, we look fortune right?
You know and what else jokers wild no
He had them do with jokers wild. I was Jack Barry and Dan and Wright
Who went to jail for a 21 but you don't know anything about that as Scott continues. Let's hear for Scott
He says that you know he's full of crap
I love it. Thank you man. Well, I'm not a seriously no matter what you say. We know it's wrong. So it's always a
Teacher priest gets prison for having porn. Oh my god. Oh my god a Toledo. Well, we know where that is
It's a horrible place. Don't ever let me tell you again. Don't ever go to Toledo even by accident
Don't wind up there. It's just a hopeful awful like you know kind of like industrial filthy nifty
The racetrack there. I'll still say it at the rate not raceway park. I guess it is raceway park
And the thoroughbreds I went there one time with this idiot who's now dead from coke, but at any rate
The jokies had bandages not just the horses
Was the only racetrack I've ever seen where the jokies had race bandages. This is how crippled up everybody was
A Toledo Roman Catholic for lost 500 bucks that day by the way
Catholic priest in high school religion teacher was sentenced to 21 months in prison in US district court yesterday for possession of child pornography
See, I tell you when I lost my ass. I don't lie like all these other gamblers on his station
Oh, I hit her. I hit the pixx. I hit this. Yeah, hit yourself in the head wake up
You lie and bunch of bastards
Any any gambler any can degenerate gambler always tells you they're always winning. They're a big liar
The reverend steven g rogers no relation 54 or may not leave a absence from the dices of Toledo said the reverend Michael
Delay and Diocesan Chancellor
He said the decision on this future be made once sentence is done
Authority city was among customers who paid a monthly fee to subscribe to have access to a channel pornography internet site
US district judge David cats no relation to that great radio broadcast agent David cats
City wanted to balance the nature of the crime and providing a property turned to others
He said rogers wasn't involved physically with children
But said viewing child pornography is what drives the business that allows children to be exploited
He said there were numerous letters sent to his court and supporter rogers because we work at a church and yada yada yada
And letters against him because it is leaving a kitty porn. Well, there you go
There's just there's just a little thumbnail sketch of the latest bunch of far-bisoner goi
I'm okay. Who are you doing it? There's two rabbis in there, too
Even on the holiest of holy days coming up you him kid poor what day is him kipper franning?
Isn't it like the will week after our worship show? Look at the calendar there's got Friday night. Does it say young kipper friday night?
Oi, where's it just a goi calendar?
27 what it's a goi calendar, but it has some of the other holy day. What does it say? How long is it going to take to figure that out?
Yeah, young kipper begins Sunday at sundown and then Monday the six is young kipper
Well Sunday night some like that. I'll be damn poio poio all these holidays and so little time
It's a good thing that we're taking Monday off all of us because all of us have we decided
We believe in Abraham and Moses. I like Moses. Hey, if you're underpaid overworked and under appreciated in other words
If your job blows and your bosses an asshole and not making squat. Here's the answer for you
You know what it is talk to our good friends at fast train you've heard me talk about them for years now
And what could you possibly be waiting for they're not gonna come your house and drag you out of there
You got to go to them by calling one eight six six fast train
They can have your train and certified before the end of the year even though it's already October 1th
The demand for computer professional is gigantic
So why not do it now and get you a new high-paying career in the computer industry where you get a big fat paycheck and a real life
A real career not some bogus
Paper or plastic kind of a job fast train offer job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules six florida locations
There's bound to be one close by you fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify to so what do you got to lose
Beside a dead end job call fast train today be sure to mention Todd dreck's name when you call one eight six six fast train
Check them out the night wicked way but fast train dot com and make that call one eight six six fast train
I'm Jed joppel and this is the final edition of nightline
You'll probably notice lately that much like all other news organizations
We've been featuring only weak puff pieces, but tonight we're going to break away from all that
We originally scheduled a tour of Michael Jordan's bathroom
Instead we have with us the father of Taliban soldier John Walker Lind Mr. Paul Lind Mr. Lind how are you this evening?
Just candy you hired five attorneys to defend your son is that correct?
Yeah, he's a good boy my thing can you explain why he joined the Taliban?
Boyle brat always hated taking a bath. Why does he use his mother's made a name?
No, I don't know. She's the one who wanted a baby
You seem vaguely familiar. I know everybody thinks I'm dead. That was my lover
I tell them not to stand near the window
So you assumed his identity?
If you want to call it that we have the same way size where you'll surprise do find your son was living in Afghanistan
I just thought it was a carpet star in Calpe
Yes, I see
Is that your real hair? I can assure you it is
I'm not believe you mind if I chat
Oh
Satisfied
Two potchak win at blow tries out fella try some dipty do I'll be back with some final thoughts after this oh
say 1033 at 560 WQM happy Wednesday to you
Uh see I thought when for us talking about dance neither there being in a coma in a way he said it sounded like he was on a verge of dying
Uh, when I'd be in a coma seriously not good, but the article here from the
Atlanta urinal constitution says he remains in a coma this morning, but doctors had test so far ruled out serious brain damage
His cat scan looked fairly good said doctor Sanjay Gupta. Uh-oh good luck Dan
Gupta from CNN that asshole a neurosurgeon who operated on stutter referring to computer brain imaging
It didn't show any significant bleeding
He said he also suffered max celebration deceleration which results when I had to suddenly whip forward and backward
Gupta said he was able to take some pressure off stutter's brain during surgery and the coma was partially induced by anesthesia
So there you go. That's a deal. He's uh, he's in a coma, but he's doing just fine. I guess. I don't know
It's not brain dead. He's not brain dead
It's speaking of Moa and here's our poll the first poll today
And the reason I'm doing this is because I'm getting all these spirary ports
I couldn't hear Mo show this morning because some asshole had the pot turned off and I couldn't hear the audio from the station this morning for some strange reason
Somebody was dicking with stuff. What happened there just before 10 o'clock by the way Scott was that in the other room?
I have no idea everything was good here. Why I couldn't hear the audio yet. How to be from the other room?
I think it's that Dan the Robert again
He's probably under a lot of stress because he didn't buy anything for our yum kippur
Like I said yesterday. I'm glad I'm not the only asshole around here. No, no
Oh, you got a lot of company fitting like a rubber glove should Neil accept know how it david is overtures of peace and love
He's really been sucking up to me big time. What's that line about? I'm his main man now
Well something like that and
He's promoting a hell out of our abandoned pair rescue, which I appreciate. He's a dog lover
So we have to give him brownie points for that right? Okay, and he was playing some drops from his keychain
Very excited to get him
And he's really bond and tight with you. He we she whipped it out for you in a tea room the other day and his driver's license as well
And sure he he was 59 years old and plus a few months couple months
Almost as old as me and almost as old as Hank who's the oldest of me. I wonder how old 80k is
Huh? See Eddie's not vain so he wouldn't be one of those people who wouldn't tell us
Who's the oldest of them all Hank is a let's see June of the July hours of a four months old and I am okay
I'm a year and a half older than Moe which is amazing because I must be in much better shape than his sorry ass
He must live the tough life when everybody hates you like stresses you out and what about any cake because there's nobody else
I don't think he's got a shot on a year right? I don't I don't think Eddie K is older than not
What about the Gurgley man? No, I'm just I just like saying that the Gurgley man the Gurgley man can't you hear that right now?
We don't think Eddie K is what older than bed no, I think he's 50 something maybe yeah
He's already 50 now. How do you know that maybe just look the good? Well, he's got a lot of taking a guess
No, no, he's probably only 35 just dressed up and all that plunging those professional gamblers man. Oh, just kill you
So here's our first pool today should need to accept Moe Howard David's overtures of peace and love
I mean this keeping keeping in mind when you cast your vote on the heels of him desperately trying to get George's ass
Can try to interview with his show and try to make me into a racist like Rush Limbaugh
Which we'll get to that story and all this other stuff trying to do everything is power to sandbag us
Just because of the fact we talked about his checkered pants and pasty ass wig and the fact that show suck
So at any rate, you know, we've had this year and a half now real hostility and deep-seated hate
And now all of a sudden just out of nowhere. I don't I don't understand why the effect of for alternate on a real fast
He's looking for an ally he continues searching for a friend
So here's the five choices should Neil except Moe Howard's overtures of peace and love yes, we need harmony of QAM
Just like I'm passion they're all in harmony
Oh
Only if Neil has no self respect
Absolutely not we hate Moe
Who's Moe Howard David and only if Moe paints his bald spot
Those are the five choices
What do we got on there so far look at that there's so many votes pilot on there right now it won't even refresh you on here again
Ah, it was refreshing though 65
Should
What is going on with this thing? It's just going crazy
See all we have to do is take any kind of a pull on Moe and it just goes absolutely
Aveshmit they go on us
67 votes
Should Neil except Moe Howard David is overtures of peace and love absolutely not we hate Moe 24
Only if Neil has no self respect 16 so there's 60% almost right there
Only if Moe paints his bald spot 11
Yes, we need harmony of QAM 10 and who's Moe Howard David at six
Not looking to promising is it and of course you know we always abide by the will of the audience don't we oh?
Yeah, maybe we'll let this caller from pop it on line six decide for us pomp it oh hello
What is it
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, that's it that's my call you're jerky in a new life. Oh jerk jerk. I thought you said George jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk
Idiotic jerk. Okay. Thanks asshole
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and tanita new life. No my life's pretty damn good to be honest with the pal and I'm sure I have a lot better newers
Loser sad pathetic loser who sits around waiting for 20 minutes on hold on some stupid ass talk show
So we'd come on the air for like 10 seconds to jerk you need a life jerk. Yeah jerk this
So anyway the a wrestling ball thing you did see that I'm sure about ESPN where he made the comments about Donovan McNebb
No, I didn't see it on in Georgia's favorite quarterbacks
Donovan McNabb has been a three-strait pro-balls to consecutive NFC championship games
And was the finalist for the NFL MVP award as first will see to his starter still commentator rush
Hermann gearing limbaugh questions his credentials before McNebb led the Eagles to a 22th or 23 13 went over to bills
Limbaugh said on ESPN study NFL count on the McNabb is overrated the comment contained racial overtones that set off controversy
Now see most other guys have been fired for things like that who've been like in the you know like Jimmy DeGeek right and
People like that outcampanis with the Dodgers
I don't think that
That he's been that good from the get go limbaugh said I think what we've had here is a little
Social concern in the NFL the immediate has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well
There's a little hope invested in McNabb
And he's got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve the defense carried this team
And ESPN spokesman said yesterday that limbaugh doesn't do interviews added that he didn't think the comments were racially biased
It was comparing McNabb's performance on the field was reputation in the media spokesman Dave Nagel said
Uh, Nagel said that with limbaugh on the show this season ratings for Sunday NFL count on our up 10% overall and up 26% among the 18 to 34 male demographic
Which shows you there is absolutely no hope for America
ESPN hired limbaugh for his passionate his ability to express opinions spark debate as a football fan
In just one month he certainly has delivered okay, so basically what he said is this far to ain't so good
But everybody says he is because he's uh, he's a got a dark skin
Donovan McNabb how do you like that?
And probably don't have invoked the democratic too, so Russia hates him like poison
20 to 11 at 5 60 don't forget we have the official marlin's watch party again today
Hopefully with the better result than yesterday. It was a pretty tense game
Giants had a scratch out a couple of runs to win it
But they could have gone either way so anyway, we got the big watch party this afternoon
330 a chula steak two and Miami Lakes Billy the Marlin Marlin Mermaids interactive pitching games will be there
By the way, muffed and thank me this morning for a talking and neither did clearance talking mad dog into doing the show out there
Chula's yesterday which I'm sure he'll do again today won't he?
I guess speaking of great places to eat
How about vicar herbs Rochester's
Favorite for years and years mad legendary over a zid in your since
1934 vicarner's is doing it in Rochester right across Lake Ontario for more
I'm sitting my ass right now and now the good news for you folks is vicarner's is right there in South Florida on federal highway
The South of Bard Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side
Vicarner's is kind of like a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before the fast food
conveyor belt crap go and enjoy a real burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast
Vicarner's is being brought to you in for a lot of day about the same people who feed you cheaper
Gratiba Gratiba Gratiba
Vicarner's uses the same fresh
100% ground chuck meat as cheaper Gratiba Gratiba
offers an incredible quarter pound hot dog and what makes these folks different from anybody
Also in town is their burgers and dogs are served with a fixed signature meat sauce poured on top given your combination of flavors
That'll do a kazansky right in your post even on your mkipur if you're looking for something else to try
Vicarner's has got lots of great dishes including a stew pennis breakfast menu
They've got omelettes cooked to your order French toast or is that freedom toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes
So go buy vicarner's and see what Rochesterians love for years and what you're going to love right now
Vicarner's on federal highway just out the bar put a bar in the tunnel on the east side
Don't forget him that old red wing and Rochester Amherst jerk Neil Rogers sent you by to Vicarner
Vicarner
And look this is 4305-50
One who makes the third rock that I got
Two bare soul said Jenny keeps the rock
We said have a little now I have a lot
The metal movie was a din my dime stop
I just serve every rock that I got
No way they stay Jenny keeps the rock
But the stomach has put thin and hot
The metal where I go I have a movie rocks
Once was married to a dancer Chris Judd
He was a dud
His diamond was smaller as a stud
Now the weddings or plan
I'm alone if it's true this two carat sewing
Get Tiffany's on the phone
Don't you see?
And don't be worried, don't need no pity
I think she'll get the delay
One who makes the third rock that I got
Two bare soul said Jenny keeps the rock
We said have a little now I have a lot
The metal movie was a din my dime stop
I had to pull out for the straw that I got
Two bare soul said Jenny keeps the rock
I spread a little cause the spring is hot
No way they've made a shot
But I source the fence hot
Here's the facts and email
What about the list is how
Why are you even looking at the emails?
I don't get it
Oh sometimes
Subject, rock to New York
I can heal I got a bet with a guy
Did you do play by play for Miami University at one time
No but for the University of Miami I did
Isn't Miami University the one in Ohio
Is that what they call it?
Miami University of Ohio
Anyway but University of Miami
Her co-ing she has six years baseball
I was great
How many years have you been number one in Miami area?
A hundred
About
About third man
Thanks is Jeff
He's off the mix for a garbage plate
Nice ball baby get the old garbage plate
But that's good
Would like smeared with a hot sauce all over him
If you're on the icons by the way
You really love vikin herbs too
That's what has to make tacos
What?
Is that sarcastic?
What?
If you're on the icons you'll love vikin herbs
Herbs
No
You don't eat the pond
Oh
Well you sure don't get it do you
No look at the tremendous response on the phone
We had a one call already with some
I'm not just hateful as it jerk jerk
And that was it
And that's South Florida once again
Exporting their hostility hate
It's great that we can let you vetted all the way
100 miles north right here to this beautiful city
It's wonderful
Sonny are going to be 52 here today
It's a beautiful day
I love this time of the year
Pompadot Park drops show wages from Ed and Fort Lauderdale
Thank you what I didn't know this
Because my close friends at Pompadot Park
Didn't bother to tell me this
Opening October 10th for its 40th season
Great Harnessed Racing
Without show wagering this year
Track management decided to drop the wager after show wagering counted for only
1.45% of its total handle last season
I guess so it's no more five across
On a long shot
My good close personal friend General manager Dick Feinberg
Said we realized that show wagering is a traditional horse racing
But we think it's a sucker bet for our patrons
It's not worth risking two dollars for an insignificant payoff that's the norm
I believe it drives away the novice for first time player
Thanks to making a low risk wager
And are disappointed when your payoff is a few cents more than their investment
We also see see my first bet in the game was $2.60
I bet two bucks to show
I'll reach for you this eight minute times I'll throw a jenko
Here comes Don McHummery the nine horse he wins the race
I made 60 cents
We also see domination show waiting his way to boost bets on our win and
Place pools which have much higher payoffs
Yaudi yaudi
Nice going error Dick
Meanwhile Ken done a call or so we wouldn't do that because you know
We're done
You're done Ken
So that's what Dick Feinberg says
No comments at a rush limbaugh thing is that incredible or what the phone should be full just on that which we're not even talking about it
But it should people should have something to say about that
Yeah, here's a call from boca hello
Boca hold what hold are we on hold okay, so that's two for two so far two ass holes out of two
We're batting the thousand even baby Ruth and Ty Cobb never did that even PD Rose didn't do that speaking of the genrich gamblers
Who bet 20,000 ashore whatever he'll he does I can't that business to go into a racetrack and just putting up
Stack up bills on the table
So I'm not joking about it. He piles up a stack of a hundred dollar bills and put them on the table like hey look at me
Look at this. I got some money here. Look at this. I'm a schmuck. You know, you know a peepin
No, why don't they don't let him in bigot damn Mahalla fam. You're you're disgrace PD. Okay, make me sick
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir
Again, that's a bring up, you know history all into this if anybody out there remembers the draft
All the people in Philadelphia
Were a little a peo that they picked out of the Nick Manoppe because they wanted them to take bricky Williams
That was the year that Edwin James
Well, let's not this isn't a sport today
Let's not get off into it like mentioning everybody who ever played every black
That's not the issue is just you know using his right wing
Feel yeah, trying to get people to talk about it so that more people tune in the ESPN well
It sure worked out. Say that you know, I mean if a little bit some liberal guy saying that they would have canned his ass already
Yeah, but because people in Philadelphia believe me they did just oh, let's get the black guy
You know, they were they wanted Ricky Williams. I mean, and I think he's got a thought too last time I checked
He looked pretty dark to me too. Yeah, so I'm ready on our side anyway listening good show. Take care
All right, great day. Say goodbye
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a get no seriously
Somebody other guys have been canned for even less than what this guy said he's tried to say oh he's really not all
I good, but they wanted him because he's black that that's one of the most disgusting out knocks just right right from the get go right out of the box
This tub of right wing
Haustlely and crap this bigoted nasty miserable red necky a tub of Schmidt how about our good one Dave Halberstam and that
Right, that's right poor Dave Halberstam who's a great guy doesn't have a bigoted voting his body. He gets blown out
Oh
He gets blown out by the heat because of the fact that he made some off the and it was nothing so an occupist comment innocuous
And right and all the other different people and Howard Cosell who nearly got Schmidt canned for that Alvin Garrett little monkey, you know
Because everybody is so sensitive, but if rush says it hey look at the great demographics
He's good look at the great numbers. He's getting you know
That's America for it. Just like that Jerry Springer crap
I was watching before but all those college kids running around taking their pants off
Some of more kind of girls. Oh seriously. I mean what's the use and there is no question in my mind
I want to apologize to myself not to anybody else for wondering how it is that anybody with any kind of IQ
Could vote for Arnold for governor of California. Well, how is this possible? How can there be so many stupid stupid stupid people
It's amazing. It's shocking is what it is
But it don't shock me no mo
After seeing this oh the 18 to 34 demographic there are 26% on the ESPN pregame show on her ratings let's some days
Because rushes on her because Hermann Gehring is on her who's stepping and given all kinds of bubble mice
These in wild stories about how Clintons had 30,000 people murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night in the Audi Audi
I also the craft is making up crap as he goes along
Yeah
man
300 pounds of crap on legs
Here's a call from bokeh hello
Hey, you know you're right about
We used to call him lord actually lost some weight. Yeah, he's a little
I know you don't ever listen to a show with you know I don't know the car and he blamed
He actually blamed the new leak on the spi thing on quen
He spun that around now. Blaine's on quen. Yeah, probably Chelsea done it
Well, no, he said he said that dog because Bush is this caring sensitive person
He left a lot of people in the
Secret service that were Clint night
Right the broom hasn't think room and swept it clean yet
Because he's supposed to get along with everybody. Yeah, the stuff the boom headlup rushes fat ass
Yeah, and it was Clintons people that have that have basically yeah, I want to know something
Why isn't if Novak supposedly knows who did this? Yeah, with the new Patriot Act, which you would not probably both hate
Why can't they force him? I know that he's got this
The Patriot Act doesn't the Patriot Act doesn't apply to write Winger's like Bob Novak's thing right?
Will it only to come he pink or liberals like us?
Right will if it if it's a journalistic integrity in all this isn't that national security whoever not for his standpoint
But whoever told him the name of this person and keep in mind keep in mind the law that they broke by doing that was put into effect by
Bush one by W's papa. Oh, yeah, and then they talked about
You that was nothing rush talks about how the democrats wanted to get rid of that like with the
Independent council
They wanted to get rid of that the democrats did and the reason for that is because all they were doing is attacking Clinton
They weren't finding out anything. So we got a bj big deal. Yeah
And then and then now we want an independent council and then rushes all like oh my god
See how they're two faced as democrats. Well don't don't make them mistake again, man
I'll just get your blood pressure up don't do it. I know how do you know I have blood pressure?
It's off listen to his from a closeman to fat ass limbo have a great day palic
Thanks man. Okay, take to encum down
5670 560 pound 560 audio TNT and Verizon wireless line the media has been very
Desirous that a black quarterback do well
Seems to me that years ago what that was a uh Freddie Solomon
Who was the blind he wasn't the quarterback?
Williams call his quarterback Doug Williams for Tampa right in Washington. Yep
Doug Williams his black is the ace of spades. He did very very well
Through a black quarterback. What about Randall cunningham? Huh?
Sure another great one right great black quarterback. So what the hell is this fat tub of Nazi right wing crab
Pedal in here the media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well. So um
McNabb is a doubt of a McNabb he's got to be made to be looked like a big hero even though he's not
Who's the quarterback for a Tennessee McNair? Steve McNair. Err is there. He looks pretty black to me
Right sure does there's all kinds of black quarterbacks all over the place rush
Maybe if you got your fat ass out of the goddamn kitchen once in a while out of your goddamn fast food joint once in a while
Actually watch the ballgame you know what that you were talking about
There's black quarterbacks up the ass rush and that's where I'd like to stick my foot is right up yours
Your big fat ass is what I'd like to do. He's echoing the sports media from 15 years ago, I think
From 15 I see like 50 years ago
He probably got some reason my Jackie Robinson should be allowed to play baseball
Rest in pieces don't coax him. Hey, that'll probably be coming up this coming Sunday
So here you go all they got to do now on ESPN on the logo is put like a little swastika on there
That sounds good to me. I can just hear the opening for uh the pregame show on ESPN. You might mention my name's rice master Gary
Here we go
Here's the new theme for ESPN pregame Sunday football on the NFL
Good lord ass
Gary
I didn't say blue garrick I said lord ass garing yes, that's how you would know who blue garrick was anyway would you?
Blue garrick he had that disease
New you were gonna say that I knew it
Absolutely knew it how much should I know it I don't know well. He's a sports guy right if that right up your alley selling
It's
If I am he tells
At five six oh
Hey
Coming up next on queer eye for that Palestinian guy we make over
Yes, they're air a fast he's trying to take over the PLO again from that mohammed
What's his name if he's to succeed he needs some help no kidding. I mean what is up with that do rag?
I mean it's so five minutes ago really and that's gravely weird. I mean who are you it's going to be our biggest challenge ever
But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform yes sir from a ringo star look alike to a
Will it well he's still gonna look like ringo, but just cleaner. We need to do something about those glasses too
Oh, we're gonna be doing just a ton of things on the next queer eye for that Palestinian guy Thursday night today
11 o'clock is five six you w2 and we got to big gamarlands watch party three thirty to seven noon
Now who's pitching for the mollans today? Scott
Brad penny oh
pennies for rimmer
So Brad pennies pitching now I see I don't understand. Why do they pitch down trail on sunday on a closing day of the season
Why did they do that instead of saving him for like one of these first two games out there?
Well, they they want everybody to get sufficient rest and they why you buy to pitch out a rotation
Not good well Brad penny might just turn out to be uh the he might be the answer
They maybe it's like a two-hitter and the marlins are like four nothingness afternoon when they're fiscal penny had outstanding stuff
His last game out outstanding let's back into sports intensive here. Okay. Yes. You're starting to sound like that last bad
I was giving a huck in me a try to anyway
Shula steak too is where it's happening to marlins watch party three thirty to seven noon did we get word on whether or mad dogs doing a show out there today?
Not yet
Keep them in suspense. Okay. Keep you hanging
It's like tomorrow like we got that big gavan hit maybe and maybe it'll be like from noon till 12 15 or
Just go there and see if there anybody's really there or not right
How's that poll coming 169 votes in our first poll today should Neil except Mohawar dividends over to a piece in love
Absolutely not we hate mo 55 we hate him
We absolutely absolutely hate him
Only if Neil has no self-respect 36 see I have to take that very seriously under consideration
kind only if Moe paints his vault spot 35 that's what I voted yes
We need harmony of qm only 26 15 percent not too strong and who's Mohawar david at a full 10 percent 17 people say who the hell is who'd at?
Not a fact that we can we can get professional painters to come in if he chooses that option because you have to admit that
He really is a strenuously
Extending the hand of friendship. I mean he's sticking it out there. He's probing. He's reaching it around. He's
Moving it all over the place right right? I mean when he's stuck right out there in the tearum you must have been a guest
Here's the line you be. Hello
Yes, hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. Thanks. You know just to comment real quick on the
elimination of the show betting in pompano that may be due to the rounding factor
I think that the minimum payment on on a ticket on a two dollar ticket has to be two dollars and ten cents
Yeah, and on the show bets they they made
After the races won they made to the mathematics and find out that each of those people should get maybe two dollars and five cents
So the track has to pitch in a nickel on every other that's very very rare
That's only if there's an enormous amount of you have a bridge jumper that fits like ten grand in the show portion
Like that happens only once in a blue moon very rare
But I still wonder that it might have something to do with the rounding factor
I mean, you know you figure that the more types of tickets they can sell the better
And if it is only one point four percent of their handles still that's one point four percent
See I don't like it because there are people and every now and an I'll bet like on a long shot five bucks across the board or whatever ten bucks across
And if a horse pays for example five forty to show because it's a long shot
And maybe the favorites off the board and you get like say five eighty to show just a good example
You you lost the buck on the whole thing, you know, so like it's it's a good bet
That's true. It offsets the other bets
Yeah, I like it. You really may not have a good feel for it
You may not be that interesting, but you want to make a bet to have a some interest in the race so you make a show bet
Mm-hmm, you know, and I I don't know I guess we can't do anything about it
But it's sad to see that they made that sort of a good deal. Well, I have an agree
I mean, you know, a pomp and a park effect or spots coming up in them and they're good friends of mine
But I just disagree with them on this I think show betting you should be allowed the tradition is there for zillion years
You know, I think so too when play show across the board
In addition to it's a track is got the paragot of either in a five horse feel for example
Or if there's a stupendous favorite in a race like one to nine track
They can eliminate show betting and any race that they want to yes, that's true on a race by race
But that's true. I thought about that point. That's a good one. You know, they can do it if it works
And they do they and they do do do it. Yeah
Okay, thanks pal. Right off. I'm with you. Yeah, I don't like it dick
I know dick five words. Proud of us there right now and swearing that's not about that. He's not saying that
He just you know, he might be I mean if I want about two bucks and Donald breeder to show it
I pay 50 bucks to show if he ever hits the board. Hey, don't let's this way overturn the middle of the track
Not way out there by the grandstand. Come on Donnie hit him again. Just tip him again. They're like a Lucian Fontaine
We got to them again
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
See, I have forgotten that this is you holiday thing rushes on all the way through a yom kipur man
It's it's always like a little bit of downtime. I forgot that
It's another one of the excuses in South Florida. Why there's nothing humongous
tremendous enthusiastic response that we love and know and expect yeah, don't we expect it
No, expect something here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, yes sir
How you doing? Good
Hello, yes sir speak to me speak to me. I'm doing great. How you doing sir? I
Want to talk on Sunday. Yeah
Hopefully we're gonna run the ball another 40 45 times and pound it down. So what are you talking about?
What in God's name are you talking about
The game Sunday. I don't care about the game Sunday sir. It's not a sports show talk to the sports nerds about the game Sunday
You idiot you moron
See all I had to do is mention Rush limo and Donnie McVick and McNeid and all of us said which is a social issue
It's a media issue. It has nothing to do with a game itself
Other than the fact that the guy happens to play the game in a little bit happens to be on a show that's associated with a pregame
And this guy wants to hack me about we're gonna run a ball 45 times run it up your ass. Okay pal you and Ricky Williams. I'm sorry
5
5 6 7 0 5 60 when you can't mention Ricky Williams and up the ass in the same breath it gets very upset
And then a little bastard write a column about it. You know about how Ricky Williams is really Cuban and all that
It'll be sore
Yeah, now let me ask you this if if the dolphin should win a Super Bowl which they won't but if they did
Would Robert Steinbeck write a column and say oh
The dolphins didn't win a Super Bowl. We wanted the black folks. He wouldn't write that would no
See that's usually what an asshole Dan La Bastard is man
I have ever seen him together with that Elliott Rodriguez from channel four same person
Professional Kubano that's uh in fact have you ever seen them and Miguel together? No same person
Professional Kubano
Papa feed out feed out
That's why I stopped for the soulful of division and hate man people are just can't let it get well ready
Okay, and the hotel's there were never so great in the first place. I don't give a crap lot. Hi, Min Roth said
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Yes, I knew yes, sir. You're the greatest man. I love you. Yes, I am
Yeah, well, I'm gonna say about Rich Lauch, Rush Lam limbo or whatever his name is
He uh, you know one moon was a great quarterback. He's one of the top quarterbacks in the whole NFL
How could we forget war in the moon man? That's right who also was the Canadian football league exactly and um
You know rushes the type of person that you know if you take him to seriously of course you're gonna pop your lid
You know you're gonna get kind of yeah, you know
But he if he's all a part of the whole spin the whole right winner
That they're spinning yeah psychology thing they're trying to just hypnotize everybody to believe in what they're saying
It's right and it's doing seem to be doing some kind of a job in a lot of these people because they seem to be you know
It's really interesting if I come on here and I play a song parody about condolese and say that
She's a right wing sell out in a and a lackey of chevron and big oil if I say that right away
There's a whole bunch of people want to get me off the air
But this tub of crap can go on national TV on ESPN and he could say that the only reason that they're touting out of it
And McNabb is because he's black and immediate wants to make a black guy look good in football
Yeah, I mean even if they're people are giving them flack of eyes. I'll bet you they don't want to let it go on the
On the media not on the air. They're not gonna say anything
Okay, paly well hang in there. It's all I can tell you have a great thing. What do you say? I five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Marles by don't forget best of the old van hit tomorrow noon to two
Or noon till they give up that that ration now you were given before was so weak, but that's just we've done it that way in the past
We have done it that way in the past, but we didn't start it at noon. We didn't start doing it at noon
See that's what you're forgetting
We gave people ample time so that if it was like a change in
The game plan they had time to switch to switch gears. See you have that time to switch your gear
That's what Richard said and he's swishing it right now
River Yamaha 3671 North XI went popular beach. That's where I'm a girl and
Joe Castello beat him on noon to noon till two
At the first five donators get a pair of Alice Cooper tickets for Friday at popular beach
The courtesy of the real yellow pages and the good news is George's DSL's working
Let's air it today. Make Gary Sarner happy what today? Don't don't be
See you're so skeptical. I think it's gonna be working for years and eons to come you watch
We're gonna daily report. I hate them thumbs up or thumbs down. I don't want to hear about it
Here's pompano. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, I wanted to ask your opinion on something regarding you know limbo work on an ESPN
Yeah, they're talking about how their ratings have gone up
You're interesting because Michael Irving joined them this year also
You think he might be responsible for their ratings going up a little no
Well, no reason I'm asking is you know he is a black former athlete. He's a quasi-criminal
Direct to the number of times and he's and he's semi-literate at best right exactly
I mean that does bring a lot of people to
So it's a lot oh I'm speaking of in articulate what the hell was I mean
Tony Gwyn was one of the great baseball players of hitters anyway of our time
But what the hell is he doing on here? It's not bad. I don't think I worked stuff up on her too on it
Braves Cubs game last time Tony Gwyn. I mean this guy he sounds like Mickey Mouse on helium
You know, there was somebody working with the come game last night. It was so comical. Let me tell you what happened
It was two hours
I was on
Yeah, and somebody gets a hit and he scored and the guy was commenting that was really great
You know he he stopped to see that there was a hit before you know he broke for home
I'm like it's two hours you run at the crack at a bat when there's two hours. Yeah
This is an ex-ball player saying this. I mean
It's that played a game for 20 years and he doesn't realize that when it's two hours you make contact
You just take off for God. Who was it?
Tony Gwyn who sounds like somebody squeezed and is not for the greatest
Whoever was was terrible, but you have just curious you know because I don't want the SPN show
I don't like I don't want any of these pre-game shows. Yeah, I don't know
I want to see the game. I don't want to see a bunch of x-jok slap any other on the ass and yuck it up
You know Terry Bradshaw bunch of the illiterate morons sit there
Don't talk you on try to and Chris Collins worth all trying to like out humor the other one
You know be real broadcasters. You know, but it's so long
It's interesting because you know they talk about limboid bringing you a bigger audience
You know, I'm just curious if you felt that urban had anything to do with it. No
So something I was just curious but I think maybe Frank Irving and Brett Hanover
I had something to do with it. Have a great day sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line
What's the only horse that people had hand over twice
Mr. Red
Was it eddie was vick
Was that that horse that great horse that Chris boring drove? What was the name of that horse? See now?
I'm gonna lose my mind. How we get started on this? I mentioned the thing about worse limboid all of a sudden
I were getting sucked into a sports show. Do we want to do a sports show? No
212 votes on a polo pretty heavy duty
Should Neil accept mo how he dividends overtures of you know
We might leave this pull up all day today and save the other one for tomorrow. Sure. Don't you think good plan
This pool is getting a phenomenal response. I mean these people are really into a mo
Pole just say no tomorrow
That's when people are saying all over town just say no tomorrow especially when I get those arbitrary and diaries a lot of her just saying no
Aren't they absolutely? Oh
Oh
I see I really honestly don't know I mean I have you know me I got that soft spot and as much as he's really been a pin in the ass
A bit obnoxious to us
You and the yours truly. It's he's just trying so hard now like a little child like please please won't you forgive me and can't we kiss and make up in the audience is basically saying
No, no, no, no, well, they love the thing
They do like they like to stir up hate. That's right. Just remember hate hurts the hater
Oh
Right where they say in Atlanta hate hurts the heat Lee but that's terrible about Danny heat Lee and especially about dance nighters in a coma
But he isn't as he's got dr. Gupta taking care of him so we won't be seeing him no more probably
2012 votes should Neil except Mohawar dividends overtures of peace and love absolutely not we hate mo 65
Only if no more paints his vault spot 44
It's just changing again. Uh only if Neil has no software respect 42. Yeah, those two together and you got like 70%
Yes, we need harmony of QAM 37 16.8% and who's Mohawar david in 28 now maybe there's just too many negative categories on there you think maybe
No
No, I mean, how about one that says uh
What else could it say can't we all just get along? No, but we got that the harmony thing at QAM
This audience don't like harmony. They like hate and division and you came to the right place
1113 at 560 WQAM attention horse racing fans pompadoparks speak of the devil kicks off their 40th anniversary seasons starting next Friday
October 10 a week from mother's Friday
Track is going to feature top-class nighttime horse racing high stakes poker
There's a new post time of 705 p.m. for the harness races and a poker room be open from noon to midnight every live racing day
pompadopark is also open seven days and nights a week with the best and hardest their bread and the highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and
Weijewon
Simal casting on parallel to the history of the human race and please don't forget that general parking and admission are always free at pompadopark
They love that word in South Florida free knew this season a 20% increase in purses a nightly giveaway of
$400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play rewards program that gives you points free to betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers
No showbending and an opening night Friday October 10th to first 500 fans a dt in order get a free
$2 pick four wager plus its family fun night a live radio broadcast and drawings to get into a money machine with a
$1,000 inside and you can also win see escaped dinner cruise tickets to lots of great stuff going on for the opening of the 40th anniversary season at pompadopark a week from Friday
October 10th pompadopark a block south of Atlantic Boulevard Powerline Road for the new race schedule or the
Simal casting schedule call 954 972 2000 or check it out on the working worldwide web at pompadopark.com
This is Rush Wimbaw, serving of humanity, talk show host, hemorrhoid, sufferer
Folks, it over 300 pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help
With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent suppositories. Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue
Just look for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator to you back them another fine product from OIV
The obesity and broadcast thing network speaking of pain in the ass. Here's my close friend Dick Feinberg from pompadopark
How did I know you'd be calling? Oh, that's a great segue
I
Ever see the two of them together? No, rest my case
I want first I wanted to answer your your question from before the break
Audio's Vic Jim Dennis did be right maybe Brett Hanover couple. Well, did I say that? I used you
Yeah, you did and the horse you were you were and I could have told you was audio's big. What was the Chris Boring horse?
True Dwayne true Dwayne
He'd be Brett Hanover Hollywood Clark in the classic of the only race to Brett Hanover finished worse than second in his career
And a reason I think that happened is it was one of those races that they tried to race him from behind
Which wasn't his style of racing? He liked to race on the front end
Frank urban changed the boy for some reason he changed the bridal
He wasn't always like this fresh last race and he either he went from a open bridal and put blinders on him
And he couldn't hold him and he went like he went the record if he went a pile and record time the problem was the race was a mile and a 16
Yeah, he got tired at the end. He had Ronnie Franklin syndrome
Yeah, yeah
But I know I did call alpha to defend myself a little bit, but
I'm not all bent out of shape about it
I just happened to agree with a guy to call before that old cock that it was complaining about the show betting
I happen to like you know if you've got a 15 to one shot or 20 to one shot or real good long shot
And it's worth taking a shot at it and you bet like five bucks across the board on it
You can make some serious cash on it if it comes in and if it comes in third
If it actually hits the board you might actually make a couple of bucks. That's true
I've got a couple of things that weren't mentioned one is that
With our with our field size which averages a little over eight horses array
The value is really diminished the tracks that have 10 horses to 10 starters more array
I think there's still plenty of value in the show pool and the issue of the minus pools is important
Us because the way it works in Florida a lot of out-of-state tracks and
Shops are uneasy taking our signal because if a bridge jumper comes in the their place and makes the bet
They get stuck with making up the
The difference the nickel on the dollar and it's not like that in other states
So we think it's gonna help us sell our signal
A little more
Outside the state, but I know it's it's gonna be controversial one of the reasons we did it was that
You know to do something a little crazy get people talking about us. I think that's worked already and
You know, we'll see you we'll see how it plays out
The thing that bothers me you've been on a launch out the show at 20 to 1
Finish it finishes there you get all excited and the two favorites happen to run one two
And you get a you get a payoff of $2.60 or even worse that 20 to 1 shot wins
The two favorites run two three then you see them and you've got a show bet
It's gonna pay $42. Maybe $14 the place and then $260 to show
You feel like you've been worked over a little bit
Yeah, or maybe if the one to five shot finishes off the board and it pays like
$40 to win 16 bucks to place and 35 bucks to show because the one to five shots off the board made a break
That's right. Well, you know you can still uh
That's why they call it horse racing
You'll still be able to bet make show bets on the other 15 or 20 tracks. We bring you
You know
You can't make it show bet
So it's not that the show bet is very good. See what you're really trying to say as you try to paint me into a quarter
What a pussy trying to trap that show money this guy is, you know
Well, I mean it is only 1.4% of our handle
Yeah, we you know we think we can make more more by selling the signal to more help at that estate
Well, take a shot see how it works and we'll get people talking like to me Johnson said we got a shot
That's right
And uh, yeah, the rush things, you know
He started to get popular when he was right across the street from me in Sacramento
A station called KFDK right across from the barn area where you could smell all the horse poop
And uh, he just used to come over to the races and uh on 4th of july and you like with uh, you know
Be the be the MC for the fireworks show, but that was you know that was that was the beginning of it for him
He was actually probably was eating all of kevler cookies from the kevler elves and rick kevler
That could be but he was that you I mean he was like a 200 yards from
From my office. That's where his that's where he broadcats is, you know, that's where I all the that stuff
You know that's where he uh, he got his uh, he got his a pop than uh, I'll be damned and yeah
Well bad day was for a walk, so we can not not only can we blame you for eliminating the show betting at pop in a park
We can blame you for a given rush limbaugh his start. That's right. We gave him a leg up as they say in the horse racing
Yeah
Yeah, that's um
Well, it wasn't really neat. It was
I had I had no choice over that it was uh
uh
That was a state fairgrounds and sacramental thought he would be a good uh, representative
Well, there was no Steve Orington. I'll tell you that
No, he he served me was it will get the TV back here at poppin on a couple years as we get this lot machine
He was no gene for landing him
Wait
Have a great day, dick
We'll see you bye bye
Oh
Oh, and I started throwing in names out George just start his in his inner it start doing all kinds of wild things
Sorry, I didn't hear it work. I'm good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. We're doing a sports show today
Sounds like it, which is yeah, I wanted a while. Why do I not we'll do whatever the hell we want
It's pretty damn entertaining if he asked me if he has dick health into the same thing
Anyway, how's mode doing not good? Not good. We need how many a QM sold? He got 15.6% out of 255 votes
Absolutely not we hate mode 76 only if Neil has no suffering spec 52 only if Moe paints his bald spot
51 doing poorly mode absolutely not well with this crowd here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Keep making your skips. No, okay. Keep making excuses for me. Get asshole and whispering on the air and for having no life
Keep making excuses. Schmuck. What about your ass idiot
5 6 7 0 5 60 so let's see that's two in about uh, well, we haven't taken that many calls yet
Not betting ever just still pretty good
Uh, not gonna have any calls on a rush limbo thing. Okay
That's fine. That's all right not even have any calls about the Moe and this whole thing that we got going on with a pool today
Not gonna have any calls about the fact that for well wants the most job and hangs job and everybody else's job
Like I said, he's a self-promoter man. He's a go-gitter. He wants to spread it out when it doubts spread it out
Here's Margate. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, um, I just had an idea um with the internet voting you know how the banks can take your money
You know through the bill paying or whatever. Yeah, I couldn't they do have an election
You know do that the voting through an election type process
I'm a internet. Yeah, I mean they can encrypt it. What about people? What about people that don't have computers?
Yeah, well, they go to the polls then. What about computer hackers?
Well, I mean
Can't they fix that somehow eventually?
What about creepers? What about people that load up with phony votes like they do on our pool all the time?
What about those people virus as it works?
But what about the old virus in the week and what about the wicked worm, huh?
Yeah, well, couldn't they do like a verification like a pen number or I mean they can take your money
But they can't get a proper vote. You know what I mean? Yeah
Well, they're saying now the electronic voting is gonna be is even more subject to
Fixing than the the old thing at least with a balance yet something tangible to count and recount the the electronic thing
It's just a number in a machine somewhere they can they can press a button and make it read whatever number they want I guess
Yeah, I thought I thought it you know eventually maybe they could do it though it would work well
I thought maybe someday when they get to be foolproof in about a hundred years. Thanks a lot Pally good idea, but I ain't gonna happen
Very difficult to make it happen. How would you think wherever gonna have another honest election in America? No
In fact look at all the time it's gonna say we can still have some entertainment shows on election night
Pretty entertaining
It's not entertaining no more except of course in 2000 when Florida gave America all of that
All of spielkeys man when people were taking me locks by the gallon. What a show? Oh, he won
No, he lost that we think we don't know a gem said it's okay to fix his in whatever the hell it was and look what we got now, huh
Top had Roosevelt look what we got
1127 at 560 WDQM Brandy shoes has been around through thick and thin man through good times bad and in between over 25 years and
South Florida of doing good things for your feet. It's pretty neat
To beat your feet. How does echo on a Mississippi mud? That's what Rick go we've used to say
Anyway, they got the top names in a business rock ports echo is Mephisto Timberland Clark's SAS
Floreshyam all the top names
They got people who really give you personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
And they got a wide range of sizes so they can fit just about everybody under the sun man size is six to 15 women's five to 12
Whits from the very nearer to the very big fat and wide every time I say that I think of platypus
I don't know why there's a platypus actually have a big wide foot. Yeah, pair
Shocked me and with over 40 oh
Huh I hate when I do that from but I put down my halls, Lawson's there
So I throw it is about 95% and I put it on like a piece of paper
Yes, I don't want to talk with the something in my mouth
And then it gets like the paper gets stuck on a lot and you put it on a whole other paper right now here
There we go. Yeah, well, it's like new together and with over 40,000
All right
For a thousand parents stock and their 8,000 square foot megastore you'll rarely hear them say
Sorry, ma'am or mr
We don't have what you're looking for in stock they got it and all this wicked Brandys into big red tag sale take 50% off
All famous brand names shoes with a red tag come in or visit them on the web at brandys shoes.com
And guess what I still like show betting
You
We're fine
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team here. They flub the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen
Oh, there on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control
And when you say Miami
You're talking toilet holders there the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many jeans and
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Don't bet on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block
Their coaches ought to tell them to but then day in their jock
Then they would run much faster and even
Indifit when we go to the stadium. We'll see Miami. And there the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many jeans and the way?
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
That seem that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes
Sitting in the stands here. They watch the game and all they do is moan in gripe and bitch
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many jeans and the way?
But the man Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have faith feedler that quarter facts that you run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many jeans and the way?
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Take all his signals and he broo
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke
Like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than parkmarks on high zingas ugly face in there the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how what the hell 32
But turn to me
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins now they're through
Hey
Hey, Blitz
It's love of 34 26 till no we got to talk fast because at one o'clock we get our big wins
They wanted to comedy vets our
Oh, yeah, yes we do to which we say you just said all right
284 votes on a pool today should Neil accept Moe Howard dividends overtures of peace and love
Absolutely not we hate Moe 89 31.3% hate Moe like poison
Only if Neil has no self respect 55 that's over 19% only if Moe paints his vault spot also 55
19.3%
Yes, we need harmony at wqm 43 15.1%
15%
Said we need harmony and everybody should kiss and make up who's Moe Howard david 42 almost another 15%
See that's a lie. They know who it is. You think it's possible at this day game. I don't care
What else are listening to it in the morning? You think it's possible that anybody out there don't know who Moe is
No, your liars
42 liars so far to 284 votes. That's not a good sign
But that was a low strike. I just I mean I'm all for the cubs, but that was a low strike
I just saw in there or some bad calls. Did you see the bad call?
Do you watch the game last night scott?
No double the double play that chipper Jones hit into and they call him safe at first
It was it was fairly close, but he was out
It's a damn good thing. They didn't pull out game out after that because that would have been really some comfort tops on that
He was out. It was a double play oj v. Okay
Blind men blind leading blinds. I think it's a home call. Yeah, it was a homo call
School apologizes for Nazi display by bands speaking of light ass limbaugh
Performance co-incides with Russia showman nice timing in Paris, Texas
You redneck Yahoo's speaking of rush and w and all these other far-bisoner right wingers
The Paris Texas school district to apologize yesterday for a performance by one of his marching bands
Which played an eight-off Hitler anthem and waved a Nazi flag during a football halftime show
And eight off are you ready for that anthem anthem?
Like one of the ones we got in there
Like do like do do struggle Wallace
But don't we have it in there we got to have it in yeah, there you go
And eight-off Hitler anthem and waved a Nazi flag doing a football halftime show band director Charles Grissin
Remember mr. Grissin now Charles Grissin said the song and flag were part of a musical performance called visions of World War 2
It was performed at a Dallas High School Friday, which also just happened to be Russia
Sean of the start of the Jewish New Year one of the holiest days in the Jewish calendar. How do you like that?
The performance is an attempt to factually portray the history of WDW to try and put over evil and honor our veterans for their sacrifices
Ensuring freedom throughout the world Grissin said in the statement
He added later that he made a major mistake in judgment
Absolutely, yeah
The performance was greeted by heavy booze at the Hillcrest High School in Dallas and several objects were hold at the band
How do you like that even in Dallas? They said hey you far-bissed her right way Nazi bastards
Cox a hoist
They didn't know what it mean, but they's what it be mean, but they said it sounded good show included the flags of other nations fighting in WDW
Just grants Britain U.S. and Japan the flags were waived twice as a musical selection of each country was played
I bet you they didn't have a bunch of people run around making like pull their eyes apart like slatty art things
You know, I don't think so oh I know it just like this about the judges
That's what I was doing the Paris school district issue and an apology to Hillcrest High and the Dallas school district said Paul troll
These superintendent of Paris schools. We regret there was a misunderstanding
We strive to be sensitive to the feelings of others
And are always willing to amend our actions when we fall short troll
The band will still perform musical composition, but we'll only have the U.S. flag on display not the swastika
Paris, Texas located about a hundred miles northeast of Dallas
Scene of the assassination of president Kennedy. I just mentioned that in passing too
Home of course Texas of W
Our commander in thief
How do you like that swastik is and you you I wonder about this the creeping fascism and what did I tell you? Huh?
It's not a coincidence this story you're
Ariana Huffington Clinton California by the way she's to defeat the recall and get rid of Arnold
It's a good by the Arnold because only more odds would vote for Arnold only idiots would vote for Arnold
For Rex it from the race most like there's the way for Lieutenant Governor Cruz Busce de Monte Democrats best
Hope of toward a shorts negrish should governor great Davis lose the recall vote
They ain't got a chance man. It can't beat the media. Arnold's got the money. He's got the media. He's in
Arnold for governor. I think that's a good idea. Let's start picking governors for all of the states
Okay, we already got a bozo in Florida. We don't need to replace the jet by stage. It's a joke better than that. Can we sure
Amelio Estefan
Amelio Estefan? How about Amelia Estevez? Sure. Yeah some local celebrity some clown. How about Jose Conzucco?
Hi, good lady. How about you with the peace to defend themselves with
He can keep the peace
Peace are crap
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I mean instead of Arnold let's go for somebody at least with a sense of humor
I know how about Mickey Mouse I think would be better. I know Mickey's in Florida now. Maybe Mickey Mouse forgot about Florida. What do you say?
How does the world end land? Right. I think it's a hell of a good idea. We can do Mickey and Minnie, but we get Mickey
I'm gonna slip you to Mickey in a minute if you don't cut the crap 20 till noon at 560 WQ and we got a I don't know it seems like we're getting
It was short-changed here today. I don't know what it is am I complaining? No
No, not when you consider that all week long. I guess the hump are worked on Monday and that was it
And keep in mind this is not for those who keep track not a vacation week
You can just fall again. We'll buck out a crap as the old saying goes just lucking out winning it out the hump are lucked out
Right you got these damn playoff games right there squared in the middle of his time slot
That's probably why for real though for others not one of those who wants off here. He wants on
He is always on he wants on now he wants on next week. He wants on on sookas. He wants someone on vacation
Remember those days sure that was not a good idea. That was not a good idea Scott
That would be like oh well, I hate someone on vacation this week. How about Neil DeWanhengshaw and uh-oh no
I'm afraid so
Right to what I'm saying. Yeah, they make any sense
What Scott is trying to like bridge you know bridge out a little bit branch out
He's trying to like move into all it pretty soon. It's going to be all for all all day
Yeah, and as much as we love for well that voice after the first 15 18 hours might start getting a little bit grating. You know what I'm saying?
I think five to ten aim would be I mean eight to ten aim is perfect
First Scott I don't want to step on poor mole
It's right so hard. There's like a part of me the old softy that I just uh you're right though
I would have no self respect to make up with him after all the evil horrible things he's done. Dr. evil mo
He's been bad. You don't think it's uh
Never too late. Look at that. There's Phil Cabaretta former cub
Remember me and
Hmm? They'll come back and I say yeah, I'm like grandpa remember you playing
Wow, Phil Cabaretta he was also the manager one time like everybody else was and a little budro
Uh, what's his name? Donovan McNebs gonna make a statement
Which I haven't been watching here, but let me know when he uh start speaking
In response to what rush had to say about the him only being counted by the media because he happens to be black and media is trying to invent this
Successful black quarterback and as we mentioned how many do we mention about third man?
Warren Moon to Randall Cunningham to like a whole bunch of very successful
Black quarterbacks and see
It's just amazing. I'm almost speechless from this
I see the same thing here the same comparison is bubble and the blow jobs and everybody was talking impeachment
We had to go through all that ugly business and waste those millions of dollars
And now we got a president into a got us into a war based on lies and American kids are over there dying every single day
Your tax dollars are being flushed out of toilet every single day and other than a couple of people with balls nobody's really seriously talking about impeachment yet
It's freaking unbelievable and it's the same thing with a rush thing you know
Jimmy DeGeek said this and this one said that there been a whole bunch of guys who've been canned because
Everybody on the national networks anyway, so thinking of sensitive and uptight about racial remarks
But rush limbaugh that fat lion son of a bitch. He can go on her say any damn thing. He likes hey the ratings are up. It's great, you know
He's a crap 18 to noon at 560 wqm if you're fat like rush
They just showed a clip in he used to look better when he was fat
Yeah, he's got all that he looks he looks evil now. He looks even more evil than before
He before he was like a circus found when he was fat
It would you didn't look quite so dangerous now he looks dangerous kind of like uh Joseph Gerbels
And David Gurgley
Hey, I'll tell you a place of your stomach is gurling because you're fat like rush
Here's the answer for it. Delights a West bokeh a great place to shop no matter which low carb or sugar-free diet
You're on the atkins the South Beach diet sugar busters or lots of others
They even that bitch Suzanne summers because one thing they all have in common is to try to get you to eat the best tasting
lowest carb sugar-free foods available and at the lights you'll find over a thousand low-car products available like bagels and breads
Cheesecakes muffins brownies chocolates pasta sauces chips dips soups ketchup's carbolite ice cream champion light drinks and five delicious flavors
They're back wall-up brownies by control carb carbolite candy coated chocolate covered penis a peanuts
Apple cinnamon granola by carb scents crunchy pretzels by carb scents and like I said over a thousand
low-carb and sugar-free products you can try any administer before you buy the atkins brand products are on sale all day every day
Even on your mkipper they're open seven days a week from 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades and
441 next to Boston market or column toll free
1877 low carb LOW-WCAR be around the web. It's low carb LOW-WCAR be calm. How do you like that same spelling low carb calm and by the way
Dr. Atkins reminds you don't fall down the lights a West bokeh your official atkins retail center
Local your sports radio 560
UAM
Is an invite bell sound
sports radio 560
UAM
Let's rape
Oh
I'm listening to the show and
One of the morning hosts was carbon up a restaurant that I think is terrific
He were talking about how he had gone to this restaurant for loradill is steakhouse
Jackson's which is I've never been there. I've been to Burton jacks, which is now closed
But he was saying how great it was and then for some reason he took a shot at New York prime
I'm gonna tell you something that's in bokeh. I'm gonna give them
A make good because
He said that the services bad and they try to rush you out of there
Maybe they just didn't kiss his inflated ass or something you know
I mean some guys who are well known they like to go on a restaurant where people fawn over him if they don't get that
They get unhappy with the place. I'm gonna tell you something
I have been to that place probably a half dozen times. I know a lot of people who go there
The restaurants fantastic and I will go out on a limb and tell you it's the best steak sauce
You can get anywhere south of Peter Lures and anybody who would knock that restaurant has got the problem
The restaurant is not the problem
They're been there before together. Well, we'll go anytime you want to and you can tell me if I'm right or wrong
Okay, that place is fantastic. It's where and you know what it's not that far
If you left from here, it's less than a 45 minute ride. It's right. It's right in my zone apart
I'm not saying it's better than the other place because I haven't been to the other place
I'm just saying it didn't deserve to get knocked now. Maybe he had a bad experience there
Maybe they didn't want him around that one, you know, it's maybe he was a pain in the ass, you know
And they said let's get this guy out of here get him served and get him on a road
Absolutely, let him 48. I wonder who he was talking about 12 minutes before noon
Yeah, you know, you got an awful lot of fence menu to do before we all of a sudden just start saying okay
All of us were given please come home. We're gonna kiss your balls
But we're gonna like squeeze your bag a little bit and see what pops out, you know
Got a lot of fence menu to do it. I have to be take weeks and months and maybe never but he's given it is a best shot
Maybe on the week's back or two maybe you know that would be good all the way don't like food basket
I like food a little bit but not a food basket. You ever seen a food basket?
Yeah, as a matter of fact grapes here's a lady in Boyton Beach. Hello, Cherry
Lady in Boyton Beach
bananas is gone
The lady in Boyton Beach we put around there. She was online. Now we put around right off the bat
And she was seeing as soon as she said hello I hung up
Well, my I was lucky and made it was one of those things where you can't stop
It was beyond a point of no return. You were committed. Maybe she's still there. Hello. Hello. There she is. She's still there. Yes
Yes, Neil you were talking about
Impeaching bush in the in the Palm Beach post the other evening
September 29th to the exact they had an article about somebody selling in
Bush
Bumpers stickers. Yeah, well that's great, but that doesn't they get the job done. Oh, I know
Yeah, well, how do you get them out of there?
Sounds like probably an election next year if they decide we still want to have one
Listen, I voted for McBride up here in Palm Beach five times and it never came out. It never came out
I got bush
So it's all fixed and it's gonna be all fixed. You're right
I'll see you at the border bring your passport. I think so. Okay. All right. Bye. I'll take you where we can get some good
Kishka in Pastrami. I'll tell you that. Well, that's what I'm going to get today for lunch
I understand that the only no, not the Pastrami. I'm going to get some
Monsible soup and Kishka. I never did that the other day. Oh, I was gonna ask
Ask what how was the Kishka? How was the soup? You ruined Pastrami for me
No, I did not our culture and culture did it don't blame me. Okay, I'm surrounded forever
And the fact she's got the cool slaw on all the
Cool slaw and a cheese
And believe me that ain't Russian dressing
There's another five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and horizon wireless line
Moe is up to 16.3 percent. Yes, we need harmony a QM
He's edging up there a little bit. He's trying his best. Okay. He's making a real honest effort
I get a little credit for that not too much
But I do I want to look at this thing openly honestly. I want to have it open mind. Don't I? No, huh?
I know George does because George is like he's got him right there
You know like look at him at the face you keep you keep having these encounters
I
It's not what I try to avoid and I had
successfully
for
And then all of a sudden there are in the same room encounters their advances. Maybe he's seeking you out
Maybe when he whipped it out in the teardown, but he was trying to like send you a message. You know like Joey Zanzi
sending a message
Maybe he was trying to say hey pal, he'd take a look at this. Okay
Well that old pipe smokers at a time maybe he'd like to you know
I think it's rip up my Hershey highway. He's got a wig there too
Here's Evan Tura. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? I think it's really steel wool. Yes, sir
I might be your truck actor first of all with Mo
Uh, I think that Mo has become clean. He has to come into your studio and sit on and reveal whether you really try to get George by it
Well, now he really called oh, he already admitted that to me. I already know that no
But he needs to admit it to the audience. Oh, I'm in the air right. That'll be the day about with with with with
Joe Rose and with George Rodriguez everything he has to come clean with everything
Secondly with the Russian Embossed situation. I blame the fpn number one because it's like they're trying to make this guy mainstream
And when they try to make a mainstream mainstream then they're gonna try to make the public think that oh
They don't care what they don't care what they make him as long as they can use them and manipulate them to get bigger ratings
Which seems to be what they're already accomplishing and you know because it's all about money
They don't give a crap about what they make him as long as they can use him and his popularity to get people to tune it in
But I think it's twofold to it. I think that's that's true
But it has a they have deviants plans also because a lot of them are little races not super public is in their shoes
But they want to try make them mainstream
Number two with that is that the a lot of these black players and they're gonna be on a shaboy card
Yes, you nation going to show and you know if I they should be the ones that really speak up
You know they get a little complacent
They make a little bit of money get complacent and they say oh everything's good
But meantime these people are in the back door trying to school everybody over. I mean the comedy is so inane
It's so idiotic it will be like shan. Oh, well, let me just try to make Rick and William's look good because they're overblowing his performance because they want to make a
Black running back look good, you know
I
It's just insanity. Well, I said any different really from any other things that you said it's not it's not and in another thing
As far as the the leak in the White House as far as them exposing that
Um the guys white that just go show you how they don't care about the lives all these soldiers that are being killed
Or there why would think I think you're less about one woman who were sent to CIA because of a husband embarrassed well said well said I
Needle think it easy. Thanks palying good call five six seven oh five sixty ran oh
Grandel cutting him but don't know if it make me have is gonna have a press conference one of these minutes
I think we they promised like a half an hour goes momentarily. He didn't will you know you see it yet?
No, he threw it
There too busy hucking about the uh what what is this crap? Oh you also the show also won
A wienesworld that's what they're hucking about now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line highly hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I'm long time
Uh, I just had a comment on honor running it for governor in California. Yeah, really it really shouldn't surprise anybody
We have a history of collecting people from the entertainment industry. I mean you had run you at home
Uh
You're at Murphy George Murphy
George Murphy, but these people weren't but these people weren't illiterate they weren't like some kind of a comic book character
Yeah, well, this is what we have now
We have clenese wood Fred Grande and who look as president now wasn't elected but president now but both are the clown
Yeah, okay, good call brilliant
Uh, we also had sunny bono in California
So that goes to shoy
five six seven oh five six day. I mean it's I can't even find the words
It just leaves me limp it leaves me uh just want to jump out the goddamn window and I'm way up here
Sad it's pathetic
Hello
Astila vista baby time to terminate great Davis you know, I mean the man is so god damn you a little bit stupid
Then you have to be a moron right? So I guess what the message is is that 40% of the registered voters in California
The ones that are going to show up must be moron absolutely correct
Right, I think I got my finger on it
boy
Where is that press conference already with Donahueck McNeum?
I would love to see them firewashed limbaugh's ass off of there
Not that it makes any difference. He's a multi-millionaire. He's making tons of money from his goddamn shows
He's syndicated on 650 stations from coast to coast probably because his agent isn't like an overgrown child
Probably because he's got a good agent. I'm surfing channels feverishly right now
No, no, yeah, I got it on CNN. They said that they're going to carry a lot. They showed the uh the setup where they had a microphone for the press conference
But uh it is not yet believe trust me what I tell you it'll be on there. Just don't panic stay calm like us. No, I mean
Here's dear field hello. Hey, no, yes sir. I was watching TV a couple days ago. Has anyone called in common about Rick Sanchez coming back to South Florida?
Not a one your kid me on NBC six
They are going to have the Rick Sanchez show
Oh, well, we knew that was coming but I know that yeah, well, what happened?
I already have a homosexual relation
So I might as well have one with you two. Yeah, you wonder what happened with one
Hello, you said you wonder what happened with one? Well, he was with that mess. NBC. I was a very short term
Right, right, and they found out that he was embarrassing and melodramatic and ridiculous and had no credibility
He said hey, Rick bye-bye. I wonder if his first topic on the show should be drums driving on roads or anything like that
And he will probably give us an update on that guy who's still dead by the way. He ain't saying much from what I heard
Uh the temperature is so I will it
What is it? What is it temperature up there? Am I asked oh right now? Yes, sir. I'll tell you what it is right this second. Oh wait a minute
Wait a minute. I gotta go
Auto service expert. It's a 50 but I gotta go back to um see it on the planet in the league who are African
Or the kids that are in college who have dreams of playing on this level or kids in high school who are you know
Are using all of the African-American quarterbacks as you know a role model
You know either lies enough. You know now when you say that you know now that they feel well
If I go out here and I say that I'm on down in the McNabb or I'm gonna don't take cold pepper or a Michael Vick
Yeah, how about Michael Vick? He's got good on
You know because of the color my skin
You know and and that's sad because you know you have kids that are African-American you have kids that are Caucasian
Asian kids, you know you have kids all across the world who who wear our jerseys
You know kids who watch the things that we do and say you know
He's the best player in the league. I want to be just like him
But when you sit there at pinpoint a guy because of the color of his skin
Uh
And not really pretty much on just just performance or you know the things he's been able to do while
That kind of makes you look like you know you're the bad guy
You know what um, I look at this situation. I say I don't need a personal project, you know
What is that gonna you know you've already said it you've thought about it
Uh, so you had time to think about before you said it
So when you say it, you know what some I'm sorry gonna do
You know, it's like saying here. I'm gearing and Hitler if they would have said I'm sorry
I wouldn't have got the job done. I think that's what he's trying to say. Uh-huh. If you ask me
Anyway, it's sunny and 52 is gonna be the high today. It's 50 right now. It's a beautiful day
1158 at 560 WQM if you're fat. It's never a beautiful day
It's always a gloomy day because no matter what the weather's like outside inside you're eating your guts out because you're not happy being fat
I don't care what anybody tells you nobody is pleased being overweight out of shape sick
Diabetic on the verge of it and unable to like get around have no energy. Thank you. You're the balance
For life help you lose that weight
That's right. They uh helped the beast. I guarantee you that right now over 5 how many pounds he lost about 100
That's seriously he's lost a lot of weight and he's been screwing around while they even do a lot better because there's a lot of food in that black sack
They deliver right to your door every morning by 6 a.m
Three gourmet meals two delicious nights
You fill out the menu once a week two choices for each meal and snack and you get what you like and everything is fresh and delicious to no
Calorie counting no carb counting nothing is shop for because it's all right in your black sack
And like I said they delivered right to you every day. So let balance for life help you do it finally
Start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of days and like I said because there's so much food in there
It'll keep you full and happy and satisfied all day long balance for life could be the answer you've been searching for a column today
954 568 32 29
954 568 32 29 or check them on a wicked worldwide web at balance for life dot com
This is coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12-1 hour or whatever it is
Oh
Much better

matters
maker
magistrate
tune
From 03560 WQM on a sad, sad day for America boys and girls really pathetic.
367 votes on a poll, Shaneel of Seppmo Howard David, its overtures of peace and love.
Absolutely not, we hate Moe, 118, 32.1%, almost a turd.
Only if Neil has no self-respect, 69.
Only if Moe paints his bald spot, 66.
Yes, we need harmony at WQM, 61.16.6% say we need harmony at QAM.
Who's Moe Howard David at 53? 14.4%.
People must be liking a cocoon.
Oh, see, there we go, Neil, what I just said.
cocoon.
Oh, look at that phone, man.
All of a sudden, like it, when noon came, they just all finished.
56670560.560 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
Hi, Alia, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
I enjoy your show.
I just heard about that ridiculous statement that I rushed to him about me.
But you know, I'm glad that he came on.
I heard of some of the one there.
He did talk intelligently about that.
I mean, what a fool.
There's something like that.
I just want to say hello to you.
I enjoy your show as much as I can when I get a chance to listen.
I'm a truck driver, so I don't give you a lot because I'd be out of time.
But every chance I get a tune in to you, I enjoy your show a lot.
You have a good date, Neil.
You too.
Thanks, Pelle.
I enjoyed as much as I can, too.
Some days not so much.
Well, like today, the phones are kind of like quiet, but then that's the way it is
because it's the Jew holidays.
Oh, see, there he goes again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, and I guarantee you, here's my fearless,
perilous prediction.
Nothing is going to happen to rush.
He won't be suspended.
He won't be reprimanded.
He won't do a goddamn thing.
Okay, because that's his trade and stock anyway.
Is it stock and bail on hammer?
That's his whole deal.
Is lion and saying outrageous ridiculous things.
And the difference being, he doesn't say him from a comical standpoint.
He means it.
He says it to appeal to that hateful,
that archived bunker mentality, which he's a classic example of,
well, the ain't for entertainment.
Piece of dreck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T of Verizon line.
The do not call things starts today allegedly.
They still got their wires crossed, those are the store and CBS news.
Government officials still predicting a large decline in telemarketing calls to
millions of registered phone numbers.
But there's this legal struggle going on back and forth to
and fro side by each.
29 states now have their own do not call rules.
And North Carolina Attorney General Roy Cooper says his state's new law is not
affected by federal court rulings and the incident.
Government list.
He says we'll be enforcing our state do not call in North Carolina based on the
federal registry.
And if they don't like it, they can jam it up.
They're slowly white assed.
They didn't say that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Tamarack.
Hello.
In the Ohio you doing pretty good.
Listen, you know, a compability and culpability is important in society.
You know, give me the Greek lost his whole career and everything he had
because he made an outrageous comment.
People thought it was outrageous.
But in Rush Limbaugh, he won't suffer any consequences because of who he is and
in the upper echelon of the Republican party.
Right.
So what do we do?
I mean, as a society, what do we do to correct these, you know, her dissatisfaction?
I think the most investing the public can do if they're pissed off about it is to watch
some other pre-game shooters.
A zidian other pre-game shows on Sundays.
He's not on the game telecast.
He's on a USB and a pre-game, which is on the cable.
And if people turn it off and watch you're one of the 50,000 other pre-game,
or just not watch any of them, then those numbers are going to go down.
That's what they can do.
That's a beautiful thing.
So people should do that.
And we should also like, you know,
with the God the Arnold Schwarzenegger running for governor of California.
I mean, if that's not the biggest, you know,
I don't even have a term to describe what it is.
Yeah, it's beyond belief.
It's beyond human comprehension that there could be anybody that's stupid.
I mean, I thought in the beginning, it's kind of like a joke,
for what he did, maybe five or seven or eight percent.
But the fact that he's got 40 percent in the latest polls and he's beating
boost them on him by like a landslide,
this has to tell you how many morons are right on a loose now.
And you would think California would its economic repercussions.
I mean, it's like the fourth biggest economy in the world.
Why would they be voting for a more unlike this?
Because there's a lot of morons lived there, I guess.
Okay, scary stuff, Nailed, scary stuff.
Good luck to you, pal.
You too, buddy.
See an Agra Falls.
5670560, they got a nice casino there in Agra Falls, I should point out.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Meet everybody right there at the border,
right between Agra Falls and New York and Agra Falls, Ontario.
Come across.
Wave your over.
We'll pass you over.
5670560, what about that damn Rush Limbaugh, huh?
Nothing's going to happen.
Davin's still a bad one, buddy.
I said, you know, we're looked upon as not human beings because we're getting paid,
you know, that much money.
You know, it's something which I'm still looking for answers for.
I mean, if it's ratings, did the ratings go up?
No comment, huh?
Can you, can you imagine anybody saying,
in the context of the NBA and all the great players, Michael Jordan and all the big,
all the big superstars, the black superstars, can you imagine somebody coming on
here and saying, well, the reason they're trying to make this guy look good is because
they want the media's really helping on making a white center look like a superstar on the NBA.
Can you imagine anybody ever saying that?
No, no, no, of course not.
They wouldn't even get home that night.
But Rush Limbaugh, man, in the right wing, they can do and say what I would have to
want because they got the context, they got the good connections.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Good meal.
Yes, sir.
On the move thing, I don't like him, but I like listening to him.
And I can't stand Pharaoh.
Pharaoh should not buy a house down there.
He's liking somewhere land though or
staying Peter's bird or somewhere over over there somewhere.
I don't like Mo.
I'd rather listen to him.
Hopefully than that.
Pharaoh fella.
Pharaoh, okay, I'll tell Pharaoh you said so.
Thank you.
5670560.
Lots of open lines here, boys and girls.
It's really desperate, man.
pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon.
While a look at this, the shortest picture of a Russian at NFL Countdown.
Yes, sir.
It started all the cut.
Just foaming and it looked like a hymrychimler in heat.
Yeah, and acid pounding the powder.
Did you see it?
Sure.
pounding the podium.
This is just the last thing they needed, man.
I guess it goes to sure that football so mediocre now,
they've decided that they have to really spruce it up and goose it up.
They couldn't find another Howard Coase cell.
Goose step it up.
So they found this goose step or the goose step it up.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
I get afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You think I would get a football team in Toronto?
The NFL?
No.
I'll come.
Because football ain't big here.
The Argos that don't drop flies.
They're always on a verge of going out of business.
They talk about that, but football is just not big here.
It's too many other fish to fry.
But the basketball's doing really well.
Bandit, well, the team sucks, but they do, they draw well.
They sell out.
Okay.
All right, thanks everybody.
Okay.
The answer is no.
No, I never have, I won't say never, but not any time in the near future.
We won't have an NFL team in Toronto.
We got the hockey too big.
Too big, even though they're going to suck this year.
And you got lacrosse sold out in the air Canada center,
which is I'm using, but true.
And the Raptors did the draw very well.
Like you said, even though their team sucks this year.
But what can I tell you?
You can't, you can't be all things to all people.
Isn't that what somebody wants?
They didn't, George T. Farmer strong wants to say that?
Something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT in T-Land.
Don't forget the official Marlins watch party is 3, 30 this afternoon.
It's true, let's take two in Miami Lakes.
Billy, the Marlin will be there.
Marlin Murmur, it's interactive pitching games.
It'll be nice to know if Mad Dog's going to be to show again,
since it's like past noon already.
You would have think that one of our hot shot,
middle or upper level management people would have made a decision on it.
Maybe Mad Dog, what?
Just like yesterday, the Mandage Production Crew will show up for work like they do.
And you know, then they'll let us know.
Madagal.
So in other words, our middle level management is uninvolved in these decision making processes.
Little level management doesn't tell us.
I see.
So like I said, we'll let you know where the Mad Dog's going to be between
two and three, 30, and then we got the watch party.
Then we got Game Two,
four, oh six this afternoon pre-game at three, 30.
If you're underpaid and are underappreciated,
if your job is basically a pain in the ass and you're not getting anywhere on it,
if you're like walking on a treadmill, your feet are moving,
but your life is staying in place,
then fast train could be the answer you've been searching for.
Call them today, you have nothing to lose,
but a really crappy, meany old job.
One, eight, six, six fast train,
they can have your train and certified before years end
in a nifty, big pain, computer or a job.
That's right, there's no better time than right now
to obtain a new hot pain career
because computer professionals are still in great demand.
Fast train offers job placement assistance,
convenient the evening weekend schedules,
four south-loader locations, there's bond to be one nearby you.
Fast train offers financial assistance for people who qualify too.
So what he got to lose beside a really depressing,
crappy job and a minuscule paycheck.
Call fast train and change your life forever.
Call one, eight, six, six fast train.
Check them out of the web at fast train.com
and then take Todd Drex advice,
call tool free, one, eight, six, six fast train.
That's my life and love.
This is 440560.
You ain't too way yet.
The days from walking down the aisle
with something inside his tendon
then he tried to jump and gently as he opted to
with Bentley and said,
I need a full-on cable.
Welcome, find yourself another troll.
Ben said,
Todd, do the bunch.
And she went up and up.
A screaming and yelling as he drove away
because they wouldn't have a wedding day.
He grabbed up flight to Vegas
and hit all the street clubs.
And girls were grabbing his pants
they were giving Ben a laugh
and he was hotter than the freaking clubs.
They said,
bye to the butts.
And she went up and up.
Welcome.
A screaming and yelling as he drove away
because they wouldn't have a wedding day.
From the time he made me and gently
stay the head and make her call.
I understand that she leaves a couple
with such a feeling but the whole mess was a big damn wrong.
Ben all had to go use that stuff call.
Ben said,
bye to the butts.
And she went up and up.
Bye, bye, bye.
A screaming and yelling as he drove away
because they wouldn't have a wedding day.
From 18 to 560,
WDQM 402 votes on there.
Not too shabby.
Should nearly accept Mohawar David's overtures of peace and love.
Absolutely not. We hate Mohawar 132, nearly 33%.
A third.
Only if Mohawar paints his ball spot 73.
Only if Neal has no self-respect.
72.
Yes, we need harmony of WDQM 66, 16.4%.
And who's Mohawar David at 59.14 point?
Some odd.
So anyway, somebody mentioned this before.
Ed Gray, who's a sports writer for the Boston Herald,
out and proud.
I'm going to read it.
Do I have your permission to read it? Please, could you do it?
He says, I didn't strike out.
I wasn't thrown out and above all, I wasn't forced out.
I'm out because I no longer in good conscience.
Truth would ignore the unabashed homophobia
that is so cavalierly tolerated
within the world of sports.
I'm out because the silence of a closet
and a gay man only serves to give his implicit approval to bigotry.
I'm out because I refuse to continue hiding from the truth
that an openly gay man has as much right as a straight man
to play sports or report on them.
Frankly, I'm out because I can't come up with a single logical reason
why I should have denied myself the right to live and work as openly
and freely as everybody else.
Nor should anyone find a reason why an openly gay athlete
should be denied the right to play a team sport
without fear of becoming a target of prejudice or physical harm.
In the cases of both a gay athlete and a gay sports writer,
homophobic athletes always come up with the same idea
and the same sorry excuse to justify the perpetuation of prejudice
on the basis of sexual orientation, the locker room.
What exactly does a straight athlete have to fear
from a gay teammate or sports writer?
Any man secure in his heterosexuality
should not have a cure in the world when a gay man is present in the locker room.
He's only there to earn a living not to infiltrate the locker room
in a covert operation to convert straight athletes.
There are infinitely more friendly and healthy environments
in which a self-respecting gay man would prefer to explore his sexuality
than a locker room fullest-rate guys.
From the viewpoint of a sports writer, gay or straight,
the professional locker room is a relatively hostile environment
where too many athletes have there often us against the mentality
toward the media.
Reporters usually working on deadline
are only too glad to vacate the premises as soon as they're able
to extract enough quotes to write their stories.
Should a gay athlete be braven up to come out during his career
he'd spend considerably more time than a sports writer in a locker room
likely causing some teammates to feel uncomfortable.
Being along a vast majority of straight teammates,
even a homophobic player would have to eventually realize that he's not so
vulnerable that he should be intimidated by the presence of a single gay teammate.
No active player in major professional sports team has ever come out
but former NFL players, Asara Tualo, who'd hell is that?
Tualo?
And Dave Cope and former Major League baseball players,
Billy Bean and the Lake Glen Burke, surely aren't the only
closet gay athletes to share locker rooms with their straight teammates.
It wouldn't be surprising at all if their gay athletes
on a great many professional teams tolerated under a duplicitous
don't-ass-don't-tell understanding.
Somehow a gay teammate is only regarded as a threat if he's honest
and a stand-up guy, qualities that are usually valued in team sports.
In an effort to justify homophobia, some would claim that an openly gay player
would become a distraction that would undermine his team.
A media frenzy surely would be created by a player coming out of a closet
but how long would a gay player be such a distraction
if all this teammates rallyed around him for the whole world of witness?
Professional athletes are role models and a demonstration of team solidarity
would send the profound message, we support our teammate and you should too.
Obviously the climate is not ideal for a gay athlete to come out
when San Francisco 49ers running back, yours and Hurst can say,
I don't want any faggits on my team and New York Giants Tide and Jeremy Shockey
can call Dallas Cowboys Coach Bill Parcells a homo without any fear of being
suspended or filed by his team or the NFL.
The gay community is the one minority that's still very much fair game
for over-displays of prejudice in the world of sports.
While inroads toward achieving equality are slowly being made in the real world,
a gay man is still expected to bear the burden of shame in the sports world.
He's got rights or whatever, really picture Tide Jones was quoted in Dead for Newspaper last spring
before being traded in the Red Sox but he shouldn't walk around proud.
I'm out and I'm exercising my right to walk around proud since Ed Gray.
How do you like that? Ed Gray and Aboston Herald.
I wonder since he covers sports that a hero does he get to see Tom Brady naked in the locker room?
Yeah, it's a perk.
How you spell that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line and a beautiful one too is what I hear.
A lovely perk.
What is that Bob Novak not she said of a bitch?
He just had honor for a second.
Later today, Jody, Bob Novak's going to be a guest on my five o'clock show.
No, we can't wait Wolf Blitzkrieg and then Hungry Kim Alert Hermon Gearing is going to be on a perk
completely live to that T and Crumpets.
Blow the trumpet, it's staff at a crumpets.
What are crumpets anyway? Do we have any idea?
Oh, they look like this.
Oh, about this size.
I mean similar to Courage and Way or Spotted Dick.
Here's Miami, Buenos dias.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, A sign.
That telemarketing list.
Okay, that takes effect today.
There are 11 executives that work with those telemarketing companies that are on that list.
They themselves don't want to be called.
Yeah.
Are you aware of that?
No, I was not aware of that, but I am now.
Yeah. Isn't that funny?
Themselves? They put themselves on the list.
Who the hell in there right now would want to be bothered getting five, ten, fifteen calls a day for massholes?
Who the hell wants that?
Yeah.
I mean I get paid to take calls for massholes, but that's it if it's true.
All right, buddy, take care.
Thanks for the good news, Bob.
Have a great day.
Hold on, we're going to make it tomorrow's pot bigger.
It's an angry thing. It's Wednesday. We got that one or two hour coming.
You know, because I can see these people are like, I don't know.
They're a little off their feet this week.
It's the Jew holidays again, you know.
Is that what it is?
It's got to be. I told you that this morning before the show.
I've forgotten about that.
I thought there's a fact that it says, is it just possible that the PR machine that helped install GW in the White House has used up Rush Limbaugh on his outgrown his purpose?
Considering that possibility, the machine may just be allowing them to self-destruct so they can be rid of them.
No, I don't think so.
Beyond a doubt if the Bush Cabal wants a second term, they'll have to use a snow job on the American voting public.
The closer it comes to election time, I can just imagine a kindler, gentler GW the second time around, and the Veronica public just might fall for it.
Limbaugh's sole purpose was to muck Ray Clinton out of office. What purpose does he serve now?
He is yesterday's meatloaf and ready for the trash. Oh, that's an insult to meatloaf.
Maybe the garbage chute was just greased.
Oh, yeah. He only tried by sliding his fan ass down there.
Here's another fact. I wonder if this is going to be accurate or not.
It says, making tomorrow's pot bigger in George Wants It right now.
In fact, he and the scot are going to sit around and pick out the seeds during the one to two hour.
For Thursday's van hit from noon till two, with Joe Costello and Riva Yamaha, 3671 North-XI-I went to Pomato Beach with our vest of Neil Merchant-Ice, including those vaunted Mojaro David and Keychains and our CDs, etc.
Endorse by Mojaro David and so on.
Yeah, that's right. Most have been plugged into Thanks Mo. Thanks a lot.
Absolutely. Even though the audience is hostile toward you. I mean, incredibly.
Here's the deal. I have five parotickets to see Alice Cooper in concert in Pomato Beach, amphitheater and
or eight parotickets to the Panther Lightning game at the ODC, O the Office Depot Center, at the Info Center on Saturday the 4th.
Well, that's the old exhibition game. So I mean, that's nice, but it's an exhibition hockey game.
And they're free. So at least they're trying. Miguel is trying. He's like trying to throw a little more crap in there.
I mean, good stuff to get people out there tomorrow so we can raise some bucks.
It's been really tough. It's a tough year to raise money and I get all frustrated and flustered. But you know something that's good.
It's good that I do that because that like, embarrasses people. It works. They said a little bit tougher, but it works in the end.
That's what Mo said. He said it works. Absolutely.
In the end.
Here's a call from Lake Worth. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir.
All right. Well, right in the background. I hope it's not too much from here.
Don't hear from a couple of comments from earlier. The rushed limbaugh factor is just hilarious.
Of course, you know, nothing will be done because afterwards there'll be hope. We missed a quick what he said.
It was all of our fault. You made a mistake on that.
The other one, the guy said, why don't we do what we're going to do about this next time around?
We're going to do the same thing we could have done about the last six years.
Oh, get off your dead rear. Quick. Come on. People next year go to the next time I'm going to make damn sure next year election time.
I'll be down here and I'm going to be voting all day long.
And I think the Arnold Schwarzenegger thing is no difference than the supposed poll showing the president popularity.
I think we will in the back you just as though the popular vote when it's nowhere near half the people anywhere in this country could care less for him.
Let alone in ever having a fifth. I don't know if you're ready or anything here.
That's enough. Enough. There's distorted my numbers. The same thing they do with California.
One of the one of the worst stories that I've seen in ages. I have it in my head right now as many as a million ballots could go on count on election day next Tuesday.
Throwing in the doubt for days or weeks. The outcome of the recall election because an unprecedented number of absentee ballots have been requested.
Two points seven million but fewer than half of it returned by voters thus far leaving a huge number of ballots likely to be handed in the pouring place to arrive at a male local election.
So you can see Desi will over again. It could do just like they didn't Florida.
They can get all these zillions of votes out there and then who the hell knows who's counting what and what how long you're going to be counting.
You know when you're up nailed a show up within five days after the election and depending on which box they need them in. That's what they're up.
Yeah, exactly how it works and there'll be a bunch of bushies. There'll be a bunch of bushies that the elections headquarters pounding on the door.
Let us in. Let us in. We're dead.
Yeah. Cutting residents. Excuse me. Hang on. Let me call town blaze off of the two in our next movement.
Yeah. Where do we go next?
Exactly. We'll be there too. Absolutely. And I'll thank you.
Let's hang rush by a yard arm from the 12th Corps of writing. Sounds good.
Take care. Right in front of the barbershop. Right in front of that greased pool.
The interesting thing about those in more disturbing, although nobody gives a crap no more, is that all of those people are outside the door there in the dead county pounding on the door like they were all imported from out of state.
They were like professional.
A smithers.
1228 at 560 Q.A.M.
I'm not going to look at this. This is 560. The radio is on your.
Q.A.M.
To G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Now that he is on the ticket here on her governor's always here.
Yeah.
If he's voted in, there'll be a big change. You're going to feel the burn, you'll feel the pain.
The lost he plans to pass in Cooldown to put you up like a blue yeah.
If now Bill
I'm just watching around here.
From pretty creative politicization of the NFL,
maybe that's just what we needed.
Not.
No, right.
They've already got, you know, basically what
it boils down to is that almost all of the black athletes,
those who are even interested in politics,
are like Democrats, and the white athletes,
and that's just in football, but in sports generally,
are right-wing Republicans.
Not just your regular ordinary, but like board again,
like Steve Lardzend and Jim Bunning and that ilk.
And vinegar bent my self.
People like that.
Never vinegar bent my self?
Who got?
No.
First night.
Wait before your time.
I know Steve Lardzend.
It's a sports thing, man, because you got to be a right-wing,
you got to be macho, you got to go to those Christian prayer
breakfast, you got to be full of crap, basically.
Because they're all like, you know, involved in not all,
but most of them are involved in all these orgies,
you know, these gang bangs, and they're like booze in there
and a little big time stuff like that.
By the way, did Brian Greasy ever get up?
Huh?
Because I kept hearing that.
I kept hearing that fellow down, bro.
I'm just wondering if you can come on, Brian,
get up already, okay?
They're paying you a lot of money.
Let's give it a shot after,
they're gonna be a tough game for a J this weekend.
Isn't it interesting that the Marlins are playing the Giants
and the dolphins are playing the Giants?
Almost at the same time, almost side by each.
That'll save that in Canada.
Here's an interesting story, very depressing.
Actually, it's a letter to the editor in the Spokesman Review,
which is a Spokean Locked News paper.
How was my first job?
What?
Delivering the Spokesman Review.
What are you talking about?
I won awards.
If you wait long enough, sooner or later, comes in handy.
Randy and Pam Forceier,
when you shut up a minute,
Randy and Pam Forceier have Spokean right?
Soldier must pay for his trip home.
We are usually quiet individuals,
expressing little about world events and politics, et cetera.
However, we have to stand up and say something now.
Our son-in-law is in the Army,
serving our country for several months in Iraq.
He was recently authorized to return home for two weeks.
We're grateful for this news.
However, there's one catch.
He has to pay for the journey.
How can the government expect him to pay his own airfare?
It seems unfair.
The government won't put the bill to send troops home
after they risk their lives for our country.
They've had to leave their family struggling emotionally
and some financially.
Then when they do have the opportunity
to come home briefly, they're expected to pay their own way.
This is an atrocity.
And too often, there's no way
some of these families can afford the airfare.
Our country is spending a fortune on behalf
of another country,
but our fighting forces should be the main priority,
including traveling home for a reprieve.
We truly believe our armed forces should be rewarded
with a paid visit to their loved ones.
Don't you say Randy and Pam Forci have spoke in Washington
and it is morning spokesman review.
Is that pathetic or what?
Oh, God.
But you see, there is no outrage in America.
It's just like the thing with limbo.
It's any of the stuff.
There's no outrage.
People don't give a crap anymore.
And that's why they're in America's industry
that it's in right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, there's one call on the board.
Like I said, there's no interest.
Here's Hollywood.
I don't think they're even there.
Hello, hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I have a question for you.
Get back to the end grade.
That's the general's name.
Yes.
Okay.
You know, if you have a male coach or a female coach
and a coach or team with the opposite gender,
they have to wait until the team is dressed or undressed
before they can go into locker room.
Correct?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I know that they do have female sports writers
in men's locker rooms.
We saw that a long time ago.
That debate has been over for years.
So my question was, should it be the same way for a gay writer
or a gay member of the media to have to wait until the same
section ready to...
Did you hear what I just got to you saying?
Or are you like so determined to make your homophobic point
that you don't...
You have your blinders and your plugs in.
Okay.
So you should have made a difference that.
No, it should not.
Okay.
That's all I want to know.
Do you think that it should?
Sure, I think.
Why is that?
Well, this is a little bit from a male's point of view.
I think every male is...
Let me ask you this question.
When you were in a high school, for example,
because I know when I was in a high school,
we used to have to take showers together in gym class.
Okay.
Did they ask anybody, is there any homosexual in here?
Are there any pansies in here?
Did they ask anybody that question?
There were all these guys running around the show.
Nobody was ever having any sex that I know of,
but they were running around the show.
See, after you see one, so you've seen them all, okay?
See, there's this...
Oh, my God, there's a fag in there.
He's going to get all whipped up and excited.
Maybe start grabbing it, you know, or something like that.
Now, if I saw Tom Brady in there, I might get like a little emotional,
but I don't think I'd grab it.
You might.
No, I would not, because self-preservation is very foremost in my mind.
Because he'd knock my lights out in about two seconds.
I mean, what an idiotic comment.
This is America for you again.
Don't you think, and he completely ignore what I just said
about the women in men's locker room?
Don't get in his way.
Right, don't try to mess on his point,
because he's already got it in his mind that this ed gray
keep him out of the locker room
because these heterosexuals know they don't want to owe fags
to see them naked.
Oh, my God.
Whoo!
Especially all those beautiful football players,
99% of whom nobody is interested in touching anyway.
Especially the big, Parker alignment.
Maybe Tom Brady could put him off like in a cubby hole
or off to the side.
Don't want to say?
Give him his own shower facility.
What an asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's a story last week in the regular news.
I think it was on CBS News that's similar to the one you just read.
When the troops got wounded in a rock,
they bring them over to Bethesda and they were charging them for their meals.
Right.
Yes, we had that surround our website, right?
Yeah.
Also, I find it very strange that just now your collars are starting to realize
that Rush Lombard's a fraud.
Yeah.
Well, how do you know just now that they're starting to realize that?
Well, they're, they're, they're, because obviously the, he's on right now.
His radio shows that the people are talking to me now.
Are people who are choosing this program over his fraudulent bullcrap?
So I think they've been on the wood for a long time.
Yeah, but you know what though?
The right wingers, they're not playing fair.
They, it's all politics anyway.
I mean, you know, every, what do you, what does that mean?
They're not playing fair.
Every time, every time the Clintons had a bad bowel movement,
they had an independent council.
Yeah.
And when you really need an independent council,
the Senate yesterday wouldn't even take it up on the floor.
But isn't that kind of an oxymoronic idea of right wingers playing fair?
I mean, when's the last time you heard of that?
Right.
It's not the truth.
Yeah.
Not the truth.
Which is right.
What the, see, this is, I was just thinking during the last break.
Here, here's Maria Schriver, who's a member of this Kennedy family and her mother, by the way.
And oh, yes, we're all for Arnold.
And he's going to make a great governor of California, all of a sudden the crap.
And in the meantime, even setting aside the fact that he's a moron and he's illiterate,
the fact that this is part of a Republican power play.
And it was financed by a right wing Republican manipulator.
And that, that's what this is all about.
It's a virtual world.
And they like to read again.
Don't confuse the Kennedy family with the facts.
I guess I mean, it's pathetic.
Yes.
Yes.
Exactly.
So trying to find anybody in America who stands on principle anymore is not easy.
Yeah, but you know the people out there, they don't, if they don't wake up,
we're going to get another four years of this clown in the White House.
Yeah.
They think it really does scare me to see what he's going to do because if we went down this path
in less than three years, what will we do with him having five more years?
Come to Canada, man.
Progress being made here every day.
No, but I'm not joking.
I'm serious.
I'm not joking either.
I'm not joking.
I'm not joking either.
I'm completely serious.
He's a very scary man.
He made the world scare your place.
Absolutely correct.
And the people need to wake up because you get out and vote and get this guy out of there.
Because you know, he's the kind of person that if somebody would say, you know,
we're going to do this.
Well, let me say this to you right now.
The fact that there are millions of people clamoring for his impeachment right now
if they're starting a bogus war based on lies tells you that the people probably are not going to wake up.
Well, if they don't wake up, you know, we'll wake up in the morning and you'll see one of our cities just destroyed.
Okay, well listen, set the alarm clock and let us know what time it's going to go on.
Wake up, George.
1242 at 5.60, QAM.
We're sports radio 5.60, QAM.
Lonely, drifting through life without direction.
Then I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an episcopal bishop.
You see the flashy hand in robe are just the beginning.
There's the glitz glamour, plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed 8 by 10 of Harvey Firestein with every archdiocese.
Commandments, shmanments.
We think of the more as suggestions.
I mean, 10 Commandments are fine.
But if you can bat 300, it's fine with us.
Catching's an option too.
Or if you're into the sweet science of boxing, you can always beat the bishop.
Now if you're thinking, hey, I'm not episcopal, how can I be a bishop?
Don't worry.
We have two bishops that are Muslim.
Five atheists.
And a Buddhist bishop that lets you rub his belly for good luck before you play bingo down in Saint Latoya's.
Join us.
The few, the proud, the color coordinated episcopal bishops.
1246 at 5.60 WDQM are a big one to two hour count up briefly.
And to show you how insane the certainly not news network is to show it a bunch of lunatics they are,
you see who they have on now?
Not yet.
Oh, there it is.
David Limbaugh, Russian brother, this good braiding boy in Christian,
who's written this ludicrous book called Persecution.
Now see, the first question we'll pass him is if this is the real reason,
the timing for this that they have in honor.
Well, any comments that you might have about your brother Russian is latest flammable,
the SBN and Donovan McNeath.
Well, I've been on a book tour.
I'm out of the loop on that.
So I really can't comment.
I'm not a spokesman of my brother, sure.
And wolf's response is, oh, well, of course we know that your brother can speak from us.
He's not shy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And what's this whole piece on?
It's a puff piece to promote his book Persecution, which the thrust, the crux of it is,
that Christianity in America is being treated like a disease,
and that Christians are persecuted to the US.
Right.
Right.
So here's this asshole on there.
Another right-wing asshole is brother David Limbaugh.
Well, he's nothing to say about the other thing, because he's been on a book tour.
He don't know nothing about it.
He didn't know nothing.
Just like the Nazis, they didn't know nothing.
How do you like that?
I don't.
459 votes on a poll.
Shaneel of Seth Mohar, David is overtures of peace and love, which he's really trying very hard.
We'll say that for him.
That'd be funny.
Absolutely not.
We hate Moa 155.
33.7% over a third.
What do you ever do to them?
Only if Moe paints his bald spot 80.
Only if Neil has no self-respect 79.
So you add those three categories and you got almost 70%.
Yes, we need a harmony of QA and 77.
16.7%.
Say we need harmony of QA and 68.
14.8%.
Say who's Mohar David?
How to 459 vote.
Anyway, there is hope for the future boys and girls in his name is Howard Dean.
Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean, Pope, funded his fundraising success.
Yesterday in his first appearance on a J Leno show last night, they showed a clip.
In a film clip,
Dean was,
Dean was showing playing a guitar on a street next to science,
reading your change for real change and will strum for presidency.
People were showing placing money in an open guitar case, kind of like you see on the dam rack and I'm stood up.
Posted updates on his website showed Dean had raised more than $14.2 million in a three month period,
breaking the Democratic presidential record for a single quarter,
said by then President Clinton raised 10.3 million over three months in 1995.
Earlier in the day, Dean campaigned in the intercity of L.A. promising jobs,
health care and a dialogue on race and a meeting with local leaders along with skeptical of politicians' promises.
Dean didn't call for money but rather a sale president bush for what the Democrats said
was the government's failure to put money into blighted urban areas.
The former Vermont governor also promoted his plans for widespread healthcare coverage and education funding
and promised work for creating jobs in intercitys.
He also supported affirmative action.
We have a 400 year old legacy of Jim Crow and slavery and that's not going to become overcome
because we all have good intentions, he said.
Dean called for a national dialogue on racial issues saying whites can be indifferent to the plighted minorities.
Like Rush Limbaugh for example.
I mean, yeah, I can't stop thinking about how stupid this is because in the wake of Jim Brown and Bobby Mitchell
and Walter Payton and Gail Sayers and all the great black running backs in the history of the National Football,
he would be like saying, well, they wanted to make Ricky Williams see what that really is because the media is obsessed with making a black running back look way.
It's just stupid, there have been lots of very successful black quarterbacks.
I forgot all about Michael Vick who just as a pure athlete may be the best of them all just for athletic ability.
But no, here comes this bag of right wing pompous crap and what do we get on CNN?
We get his brother there, how could about how Christians are persecuted in America?
Oh my God.
Well, let's create if you ever if you ever put your damn bearded push on my screen, I just turned it off.
I won't watch him.
I'm watching the CBC.
Oh, that whole question of whistle blowing.
Yes, either talking about blowing on CBC. That's more like it.
Yeah, that's the kind of politicians we like like Bubba blowing.
I change on the agenda.
I'm a high brow like Jerry. Right.
Somebody's back.
Is he out again?
Oh, he's everywhere.
President has directed the White House to cooperate fully.
That message was sent.
Yeah, there's too much leaking.
Quartz Gordon, White House.
Okay, somebody's got a bladder infection up there.
Somebody's got a real serious problem.
Oh, I like the guy that called earlier, the dark complexity guy called early in the show.
He had a good point.
If they don't care about all these soldiers, we're getting killed over there in Iraq for no good reason at all based on a bunch of lies.
What makes us think that they give a crap about the life of one woman who was a CIA operative?
What the hell do they care about her?
Do they care?
No.
No.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Your boy.
Lady in the North Miami.
Hello.
Gone.
Did she just disappear, Lady North Miami?
Just hung up.
No, here she is.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Good show.
Yes, it is.
And I agree with you.
And I'm a poor woman.
Oh, it's her.
That the government wants her.
Who's who she?
Who's her?
The chronic island lady hates you.
Hates me.
Rips calls Dove.
Calls the front office.
Is this the crazy island lady?
I think it's part of it.
Yeah, it's the crazy island lady.
You're right.
Get some help, sweetheart.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Dear Field.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to make a comment about, you know, people talking about Rush Limbo's race.
Those comments.
How about the Scab for Elle this morning, implied that everybody's stupid except the Jews.
I think he ought to zip up the...
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sure he was dead serious about it too, sir.
You know, lighting up a little bit about five shades, you jackass.
See, one thing for Elle and you were truly not about this, you know, we're well known for being wiseasses and comedians and all this other...
Well, Rush Limbo, I want to think he is not as funny.
Okay, there's nothing funny about a big fat Nazi.
Ask Hermann Gehring, he'll tell you.
In my envelope.
Is this school 20-year-old bicycle?
You way, yeah.
I've mentioned my name to Ricemaster Gehring.
Okay.
I'm a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit of a guy who's been a little bit
I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a caravan's fakes I'll play a car
I'll play a caravan's fakes
A group of businessmen linked by their close ties to President Bush's family and his
administrative setup are consulting firm to advise companies that want to do business
in Iraq, including those seeking pieces of taxpayer-financed reconstruction projects.
Kind of like they're reaching into your pocket and extracting your cash.
The firm, Newbridge Strategy, is headed by Joe M. Albaugh.
We had an article about him a couple of days ago.
Mr. Bush's campaign manager in 2000 and the director of FEMA until March.
Other directors include Edward M. Rogers, Jr. Vice Chairman, and Lanny Griffith-Lobius
to her assistance to the first President George Bush and now have close ties to the White House.
I'm just going to read a little bit of a piece.
I had a time on the Administration's seats congressional approval for $20.3 billion
to rebuild Iraq, part of an $87 billion package for military and other spending in Iraq
and Afghanistan.
The company's website, www.nubridsstrategies.com, says,
the opportunities evolving in Iraq today are of such an unprecedented nature and scope
that no other existing firm has the necessary skills and experience to be affected
both in Washington, D.C. and on the ground in Iraq.
The site calls attention to the links between the company's directors and the two Bush
administrations by noting, for example, that Mr. Albaugh, the chairman, was chief of staff
to then Governor Bush of Texas and was national campaign manager for the Bush-Chainy 2000 presidential campaign.
The company's website says the company was created sp Uhh specifically with the aim
of assisting clients to evaluate and take advantage of business opportunities in the
Middle East following the conclusion of the U.S.-led war in Iraq.
Sagendale sends again.
Yes, please.
The company website says the company was created specifically
with the aim of assisting clients to evaluate and take advantage of business opportunities
in the Middle East following the conclusion of U.S.-led War in Iraq.
You can read the entire story. I left most of it on our website today on your
rg.com along with a lot of other disturbing stuff. Oh, poor Catherine Gagan,
father Gagan Sista. She's not happy with the slaying investigation. She wants more
information coming out about why they left poor father Gagan in their loan.
We've discovered been sexually molested as a child and they all kind of
looked the other way while he got the off. Yeah. Well, he got off a lot of
other times. He just paid a wicked price for it. Rubia Fort Likardale, Faxes and
says, dear George, I can't call but please don't kneel at his boy. You'll
win the quarterback Tom Brady's on the cover this month's men's health magazine.
Thanks, Ruby. As a healthy man. Hmm. Hmm. Real, real healthy to me. So what I'm
going to do is we're like, make sure that I don't read it like in the in the
bathroom like anywhere near the showers. Okay. I'm saying. I want to get that
guy in Hollywood all upset. And let me ask you this. Is it great? Is it the gate?
Hello, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
Yeah. Yeah. You are the material girl. Yeah. But I still felt like something was
on. And what was that something? Britney. Britney. I mean, it was just a friendly
kiss. Cool. Yeah. Who is it? Incredible. Really? Yeah. And fun. And I don't know why
people are making such a big deal about it. You really don't. I really don't. You
really don't. Hasn't anyone ever seen two girls kiss before? Well, I don't know
most of America has. Go right ahead. Really? Yeah. I'm not kidding. Okay. Okay. Hmm.
Hmm. It's incredible. Yeah. It's a good thing. It's a very good thing. Yeah. Yeah.
Good thing. Hey, do you want to run faster? Jump higher and make the blind see again. Why
do you want to move like the wind? Sort like an eagle and raise people from the dead. Huh?
Yeah. Because there is only one small thing in a small mold. It would loose air. Jesus. Jesus.
What they'll do for your game is a miracle. I want to do anything.
Don't touch.
Come on.
Oh, Jesus!
Here Jesus lies in the soul.
The patent of Cushion Chamber is filled with avion,
carefully laid into the scene,
so every part of your foot is always walking underwater.
Sorry, not responsible for any water chamber that turns to wine.
And then coming soon, look for the only air-jeetis' cross-trainer's air-jeetis.
And I'll make you feel like you're going to get...
Fair back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia Shunana with their greatest hits album,
Suck Hop at the synagogue!
My rare birth back is when it's just as a baby!
My baby, my rare birth back!
Yes, Russia Shunana is reformed to renew 12 kosher-carts of hoppin' Hebrew high-gains.
That joy isn't good for Jews.
This album should be in every or the Dutch rocker's collection.
Rolling Stone gives it five stars of David!
It's a wonder wonder wonder who wrote the book of Job.
Suck Hop at the synagogue!
You from Russia Shunana!
Available at all record stores.
We'll talk twice when you get here.
So, man, it's over this album!
They're Hebrew!
Well, he's an action hero, but he wants to play a brand new roll now.
Terminating great-divis has become his number one goal now.
And he's leading candidate in court into the new fall sound.
Oh, my God.
Arnold, run, run, run, run!
Tell the voters to give us a win!
Run, run, run, to the voters to give us a win!
Well, it's married to a demographic where we are.
She's got your feet now, she's got your feet!
And like his local life, when it's used to be a woman, I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
But unlike that, Kennedy, he is an excellent driver of green now.
Just like an entire age.
He'll run, run, run!
Tell the voters to give us a win!
Run, run, to the voters to give us a win!
Run, run, run, to the voters to give us a win!
Run, run, run, to the voters to give us a win!
Run, run, run, to the voters to give us a win!
Bullshaw Dashbox says that's what he's got to do.
I love the rule of law!
All right!
Happy notice, lately, the right wing GOP.
Always say the rule of law, whenever they make their speech.
Bullshaw Dashbox says that's what he's got to do.
I love the rule of law!
Section 1 says you're better.
Obey what Ashcroft says.
Section 2 says you're better.
You never, never, never, never, never.
Have sex in section 4, you can go out.
But it's a sin to dance.
In section 3, you'll procreate, but you never remove your pants.
Bullshaw Dashbox says that's what he's got to do.
Follow the rule of law!
What they're trying to say is they're better than you and me.
They have the high rule of law, when it meets their needs.
Bullshaw Dashbox says that's what he's got to do.
Follow the rule of law!
What will Johnny do?
Follow the rule of law!
Rashi can you hear me?
I have the fiddle for you.
Patch a picture here, ring.
I have you, sugar, or two.
Oh, Rashi, Rashi, Rashi, Rashi.
What will?
What?
What?
What, what a touch of wood.
What?
What?
What?
What will?
What that, that, that, that, that?
One with one
Why will you do more with all your feelings?
To bat for you, to hateful treats?
What's the value of a dangerous doggy?
I might jump through, but I'm not sorry
What's the value of a dangerous doggy?
What's the value of a dangerous doggy?
The happiness, peace, a sense of well-being, a sense of self-worth, it comes from the inside out.
It doesn't come from the outside in it.
Dr. Phil drives me up a wall. There's no substance there at all.
I know.
It takes this metaphor that don't mean the same things.
Dr. Phil's brain isn't when it walks.
He's a mister, no it all.
Never want to see him wearing the jeep strings.
That's crazy.
Dr. Phil's wife
Do your eyes do that?
Dr. Phil tries
To lose some of your own things.
What makes you think that you do have the right to judge him?
Forget it if you barely put a use of my mind into it, you hear?
If you'll give him folks a fight,
while he screams at for a housewife,
about eating more than every human sure.
Dr. Phil, please just make it down.
You're a freaking circus clown.
Try to handle things like your friend or bro.
That's crazy.
Dr. Phil stops
We try to go away. Dr. Phil stops.
Just leave and take your son, Jay.
Ever see Dr. Phil in Russia at the same time?
No, never.
Sing a.
Don't forget we got the Big Marlins watch party this afternoon, 3.30.
And sure let's take two of them.
I mean, like, did we figure out yet as a mad dog doing a show over there or not?
Yes.
But I tell you.
I knew it.
I can count on a mad dog.
All right.
Let me be doing a show 2 to 3.30 at the Schulis Day 2.
And then starting at 3.30, it's the Big Marlins watch party pregame show starts at 3.30.
Game at 406 out in Frisco.
Billy, the Marlin will be there.
The Marlin Mermaid will be there.
And interactive pitching and pitching games will be going on in the course of the mad dog too.
That's how many are again with the macro showrooms and the furniture stores run a big, big, fancy, shmancy, phony ads.
The automatrix wants you to stop and think about it.
If you double the price and then offer the public half off, what kind of a sale is that?
It's a joke.
It's a scam.
The fact is that all of these stores have to run a special sale to make their prices look nearly as low as automatrix is every day low, prices 365 days a year.
For discount prices on dozens of top models from Celi, Surtos, Temporpidic, Simmons, Kingcourt or Sterns and Foster, you need to call...is that the bananas Foster?
Yes.
Well, I love that.
Call 1-800-MATRUS 1-800-MATRES.
No nonsense.
No bait and switch.
No house brands.
No false promises.
And best of all, you don't have to pay a premium for the best service going any place.
You'll get service like you dream about.
From the delivery team right to the best in the world and customer satisfaction.
When you call dial amateurs toll-free like I always do 1-800-MATRUS, you pick the day in time for delivery when it's convenient for your ass when your ass is going to be home.
Within any tour of Windows 7 days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night and like to be clean and noon in 2, 1 in 3, 2, 15, and 4, 15, etc.
And you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years.
George's as well.
Miguel has screw in his brains out on it.
He ought to be doing the same.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and removal.
It's easy to see why dial amateurs is ranked the best in the universe and customer satisfaction.
Don't get sucked in.
Don't be fooled by those mattress showrooms, phony sales and ads.
They aren't even close and not in the same leak with dial amateurs.
Call them today and they'll be there in no time at all.
Knock on on your door.
1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS or check them online at macriss.com.
Line in local.
Here's sports radio 560-C-A-U-A-M.
Let's be ladies and gentlemen.
We return you now to SIR search.
And your host, our scenario haul.
Let up.
Hey, everybody.
I'm off to New Hall and welcome back to SIR search.
You already for our first contestant.
All the way.
Come home, call.
Give it up for comedian.
Him, young, bad.
Okay, okay, how you do?
A first talk.
Who's gentlemen walking through the bottom?
First one's sake.
What's your hands together for him?
Long bad, everybody.
Oh, man, I'm in a dine all season.
That was just pain old whack.
All right, let's hear from my judges.
I'm at Zappa.
What you think of him?
Long bad.
I loved him.
He was great.
Five stars.
Oh, me and everybody.
Five stars.
Next up, my whole boy, the one the only.
Been.
Stan.
His brand of comedy is infectious.
Three stars.
All right, it is.
And finally, our last SIR search judge.
The lovely and talented Naomi Judd.
What do you think of him?
Long bad, Naomi.
Naomi.
What up, girl?
Oh, no.
Oh, she ain't breathing.
I better give him out the mouth.
Come on, baby, breathe.
Oh, oh.
Maybe that wasn't such a good idea.
Oh, damn.
What I'm going to do that?
We got to take a quick break.
I'm going to be right back.
Good morning.
SIR search.
Maybe not.
New from Ritten Go Records.
Sing his babies in Simon and Garbago.
Go high and golden to grab out your hair.
We are dead.
Not canary but no.
Satan's babies sing Simon and Garbago.
Oh, yeah.
She's dying her plane.
She crashed into the ocean.
It's Satan's babies sing Simon and Garbago.
R giled and stole in stores now from Rinto.
New from Rinto Records.
Satan's babies sing Billy Joel.
Your hair is aging.
I don't want you here for me, here.
What's the oil with the chains up?
Where would I doe
Take them off and make you bleed
St. St. St. St. Bill and Joel
My sister's house on fire
Yeah!
St. St. St. Bill and Joel
Let's doors now from Britain go!
I went to the solid city party
I was invited by the priest
He said, turn with me
I have some friends to see back in the
For red theory
Bratdom!
When we got to the solid city party
There were some other priests in the book
Then he dropped his plans and said,
Be a good lad, your face I want to stuff
And I realized that
I didn't do very well
You see, the priest couldn't get all
So he had the peace himself
Then the priest at the solid city party
Said, I paid some, tried again
As he took my hand
Then he said that me felt you
Try to understand
He said there's something I must remind you
Before you give it another chance
The holy men who wrote the Bible
Were wearing any pants
Now I'm alright now
I can do that very well
It's good that I can please say it was
And I won't go to hell
With more Zach got the job
Screech from Save By The Bell had his own
Dryout on NYPD Blue
So I'm Andy
Hi! My name is Dustin Diamond
Where you can call me Screech
That was my name on Save By The Bell
I'm your new partner
I don't like the sound of that
Don't worry about it, by the 11th season
I was Mr. Bell's assistant principal
I'll make a great job
I don't think so, Asfees
Hey! Zach used to call me Screechiru
And AJ called me the Screechinator
But I don't think I like Asfees
Open your mouth again
And you're gonna get bitch slapped
Mr. Bell used to protect me from bitch slappers
What do you do if I call him down here
So I'm gonna kick his ass
Huh? What if I call AJ?
I'm gonna kick his ass
Yeah, we just be buds
And your dreams pal
You sound very disturbed
Right back at you, douche bag
Hey! I'm not a disturbed person
I just played one on TV
For 15 years
Should you run the wrong prank you job
For the best
For the best
Hey, miss Ajin
And then play Sajin
Or love for the weapons of the structure everyday
Hey, hey
We gonna keep Sajin
Ooh, no, no, no, Sajin
I've been saying
Sajin for the nukes they hid away
Hey, hey, hey
But I don't think we'll ever find them
No
They were in there in the first place
Don't define
Yeah, how you know
From house to house
And under
And under
You gotta take the spin of all those wife
How is love
If you still need
Convention to you
And fox or sea
And head
Or the door's a lion from
Oh, man, brother
But we'll be folks of Sajin
Ooh, no, no, Sajin
Keep looking
Or move up on the new table
Hey, hey, hey
But you know
Take the head gonna find them
No
They never have been made
They never find them
Oh, right, where were they?
Locke chains that wound
Stray on
Hair is blind
Shake my pen, I turned guys on
But there's a place
Where all the guards could hide it
I can make guys grow
Right behind their seats
I can make guys grow
With my body and booty
That's where fair blood flows
Cause of such a beauty
It's one of those things I've worked for
Being such a bad girl
I can make guys grow
With my body and booty
That's where fair blood flows
Cause of such a beauty
It's one of those things I've worked for
Being such a bad girl
I can make guys grow
One 24 or 5 60 W Commodore
We forgot all of us today
What's that?
What day is this? It's Wednesday, October 1th, right?
Yeah. Smallville.
Right. Very good. I didn't forget.
8 o'clock tonight on the WD
Where you forgot to say nothing about it
And the season premiere of Angel with Spike
Oh, what time is that on?
Before or after a small bill
And what about Dawson's Crick?
Who cares? Let me say it again
Cause I don't, what's his name? James VanderGeek
That Dutch kid, if you say that
Cause I don't like that show
But boy, that movie rules of attraction
That is a good movie. Outstanding
That is really funny. It's a, it's a who
Something for everyone, right?
524 votes on a poll today
You should kneel except Mo Howard David
It's overtures of peace and love
And even third
Thirty-three point three percent
Hate Mongers
Only if kneel has no self respect 91 17 point three percent
Only if Mo paints his vault spot 90
We can get the show in Williams Inn
Yes, we need the Harmony of WQM 86
16 point seven percent
The peacemakers blessed out the peacemakers
Isn't that what Eli Waller said? Something like that.
Before he ate the cannoli
And who's Mo Howard David had
80 said that 15 point two percent
You're lying. I'm not lying when I tell you
That guys will walk around with a big vault spot
Look a lot older than they otherwise might
And that guy's with pasty looking waves look ridiculous
I mean like idiots
Everybody in the world is laughing at him
And like Sam Donaldson, like Dennis Cassinich
Who says a lot of good things
But he's got that awful dead thing on his head
Just like Mo
Well Charles Alfieri can't help you look better and younger
Without any of those things, without any dangerous pills too
Without any holes in your head. In fact, you have to have a hole in your head to go to the other guys
Because Charlie's got the best natural hairline available anywhere in the world at a very affordable price
He's been doing it for guys for over 25 years
And the hair part too
And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you knock it in Laidla, at least 10, 15, 30 times a week
Charlie give you a full refund
No questions asked. Call today
Be sure to mention my name because if you have the balls do that
Charlie give you a $200 discount off the regular price
And Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait
And usually makes them look one hell of a lot better too for just 25 to 30 bucks
So if you're sick and tired of walking around looking human reflect here
If you got that ugly shiny ball spot and look maybe 5, 10, 15 years older than you really are
Here's the way to look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again
The Charles Alfieri natural hairline system
Call them toll free. They'll give you free consultation
And they'll just show you how much better they can make you look
1-800-321-2413
Or online it's Charles Alfieri.com
My, my, my, and local
This is 420516
UA-M
You'll remember this golden gasser
One through four WQAM
WQAM
Alright
Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina
She lets out a giggle
When he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
Back on
Now, please, and he was working hard
Late nights in the overrear this
Working on a practical joke
He took a mac and noodle
Put an exploding
Loading for Monica was blowing rings a smoke
Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina
She lets out a giggle
Every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
Back on
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Alright
All people feel that Hillary's been
Made a fool of by her husband
Feel that Hillary was wronged
Up in the Lincoln bedroom
She was moaning
Moaning how God was doing her with Bill's old bum
Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina
She lets out a giggle
Every friggin time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Oh candy is a candy
Yeah, just master is faster
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tip of real love
And put it in a breath
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh now how you gonna run
Oh yeah
I did by the ride
That moves like douchebag
60 more rides
I did by the ride
I felt like a douchebag
Cause I didn't even recognize
I know you may not understand
What I did or who I am
Most of you don't read any books
No
So let me introduce myself I was a well-respected heart
Right man and trusted by high level
I used to have a powerful, Republican position
High up on a poor road ground
The Holy Christian's wearing systems that I have
This red and Clint's is which any means that could be found
She said I had a nervous breakdown
All time was blinded by the ride
And moves like douchebag
The moral face he cried
And blinded by the ride
I felt like a douchebag
Cause I didn't even recognize
I had a mission to the hardest
For my moralistic Christians
And crawling there
taking on the road
Why dad knew that you'd fund a sister
And go to their raising sisters
Give them power balls of trust
My job was to alter views
To the right wing
For the views people might be too sweet
And of the hatred that I spewed
About minorities and beggar jewels
Make me one of you today
I knew it in the day I was gay
Cause I was blinded by the ride
And moves like douchebag
The face he cried
And blinded by the ride
There was info
For she was naked on a pause
What you guys think of her
Welcome
The obvious time
All right
Baby let's do it
Like pretty Martin's career
We'll do it once real fast
And then while this will be here
You and me can do it
Just like Jeffrey Dahmer
And now that you're dead
The sex will be so much Dahmer
You and me baby
Ain't nothing but monkeys
I'd get my butt
Plus then that and you just
The bees see
You
You
You
You
I'm so
horny for you
You
Will you stop
Precise and me
You want me
Don't you
You
You
You
You
I'm so
horny for you
Won't you please
Hell
Get me off
Look
But don't touch
I want you
Strip down to your bare skin
Coat yourself with
Lard
Baby I want you
My penis was standing straight up
I'm so
horny for you
So hard I now
Got blue
Boat
I just want to
Do you
You want me
Don't
Get me off
Look
Don't touch
Boat
Over
You
You
There's a marvelous place I know
We're all the wealthy people
It's where royalty play follow
And that's what I like about Boka
A down where he goes on
Have a small, a down where they say
And how tall in every corner
As a wall
And that's what I like about Boka
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Spin 10 grand on
Of course we see it spend the day in Jewish factories
You should taste these delicacies
That's what I like about Boka
A pleasing excuse
Our attitudes
And our BNWs
And for we find pleasure in being rude
That's what I like about Boka
Who cheesed belts at Rolex watches?
White shoes make us so affinacious
If you're clean
Let you touch us
And that's what I like about Boka
We really don't care what you think
You see how a dude who doesn't stink
There's no coffee
Only Mocha
And that's what I like about Boka
White shoes
That's the key
That's what I like about Boka
Call number two
And number two
And number two
We got the Mad Dog coming over
From Shola State
And Frisco
And Frisco
And Frisco
And Frisco
And Frisco
And Frisco
And Frisco
And Frisco
That's right, better be there or like real quick.
Here they come and there they go.
Hey listen, if your carpets look like they're on a way out,
here's the answer for you, my good friends and dry concepts,
to make a long story very, very short,
they're the best in the world.
Nobody in anywhere in the universe dry cleans your carpets.
It's an exclusive pan to method and believe you me,
it works, which is why I've used it in my house
for over 20 years, you ought to be doing the same.
Don't even think about calling anybody else.
Dry concepts now has a special offer for you too.
Give you a chance to save 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call them at toll free 1-800-248-5071,
ask to be put on your stand by list.
And then dry concepts will call you the next time
they have an opening in their schedule.
Just like the same idea as when you fly stand by,
if you're available when they have an opening,
and they'll still not 15% off their regular price.
And please keep in mind, these aren't con artists,
scam artists, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront
before they even start doing a job on your carpeting,
your draper, your poultry, your furniture,
all of these things.
So called dry concept today,
ask to be put on their stand by list.
They might even have hope.
And they'll still give you 15% off the price of that job.
Call them toll free, they'll never let you down.
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or check them out of the way
of at dryconcepts.com.
DRIVE, IN LOGALS, THIS IS 420-560-188.
Be sure to lift it up my skirt.
He said, I live, I live, I live, I live, I live, I live,
I live in cold, I live in cold.
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad.
I got my smile from mom, but my chicken from my fat.
I've got a body like a driving range man.
When it's cold outside, use my knits to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest
and finding tissues.
Guys, I am cute, this am pretty.
I'm not wrong, you need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kiss deep,
but I can't get a man, cause I got no titties.
I got no titties.
Your wonder, bra, is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get fused.
Now I'm 24, and so waiting on my boobs.
Guys, I am cute, this am pretty.
I'm not wrong, you need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kiss deep,
but I can't get a man, cause I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
It's my little brown cool.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's easy to brag about, so don't put me down.
I must tell you what my car is, that's the talc ground.
It has a hole in the trunk and a fence is a door.
And you can see the road through the hole in the floor.
It's my little brown cool.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's just 82 kilometers, one heading late.
So when it gets dark, I can use my flight.
When something breaks down, no, it's not hard to fix.
Cause duct tape and bailing wire, that's the trick.
It's my little brown cool.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
I never knew how to drive a car before, but they handed me the keys when I got too short.
I didn't let any of them to make you really flip.
There's one more thing I got no place on it.
It feels up with water on rainy days.
But the tape and the windows seems to work okay.
The front wheels start to shake when I try to steer.
And I can't get it out of second gear.
I'm so proud when I got.
So I'm proud when I got.
It's just my little brown cool.
It's a little old lady from Alexandria.
It's a little old lady from Alexandria.
I'm ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
With a baseball cap and a silk hardy knife
I'm ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
Hitting in a rickety, one down,
Shatches out of mid-conditioned 60th gas lag
Now I can't think of no one who could make me meaner
Than a little old lady from higher lia
She crawled and she stole, she's a real fart
She's a terror of howl and they'll be full of arms
She's a little old lady from higher lia
She's a little old lady from higher lia
Ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
You'll cut your oven after like you've never seen ya
Ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
Don't try and blow your own due agitator
Cause she'll only keep sucking on a respirator
Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner
Than a little old lady from higher lia
She crawled and she stole, she's a real fart
She's a terror of howl and they'll be full of arms
She's a little old lady from higher lia
She's a little old lady from higher lia
Ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
It's a little old lady from higher lia
Ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
It's a little old lady from higher lia
Ready for the 20 slow, ready for the 20 slow
It's a little old lady from higher lia
We on south, and hacking sectors are telling us
Old tamer act with your living
On a cold attack and prevention out the going next door
They all drive for half a mile a day
Where that Gucci smile and they stare
In line a while, waving on their favorite
Lea's Manhattan, the function police
Got an island too, leave the parents here
Take the car and all, and hook look back
Down the jerseys, it turns like a tamer
Rex stole the malls, and the sidewalks sell
Herb your hair, as you wrap your nails
Herb your friends, they're going to blooming
They'll let it all fit far behind
Lea's Manhattan, the function police
Got an island too, leave the parents here
Take the car and all, and hook look back
Down the jerseys, it turns like a tamer
Rex stole the malls, and the sidewalks sell
Herb your hair, as you wrap your nails
Herb your friends, they're going to blooming
They'll let it all fit far behind
We're down south, it's past hack and sack
There's a town, we call tamer, we live
On a cold and sack, and come that's about to go in next door
We're down south, it's past hack and sack
There's a town, we call tamer, we down south
It's past hack and sack, there's a town
We call tamer, we down south
It's past hack and sack, there's a town, we call tamer
There too, Miami cops, with a hot new beans
There on the streets fighting crime
They pops, that's a handicap base there
Yeah, yeah, yeah
In Helen Vale's vise
We got a problem, the grey gang is up to the road of tricks
Lieutenant, in that the group has seen your citizens
who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven
Yeah, they're backing down
Let's go get them
Yeah, they'll stop it, nothing, clean up the streets
Hey lady, you can't cross here, you'll have to cross in the light
Yeah, they're determined to clean up the smuggling business
Alright, sister, you're under arrest
Also, now you're arresting my wife, watch the charge
Session of power, open that purse, let's hit that white stuff
Yeah, just a thought, you got over 100 bags in here
Over 100! Sweet love, Matt restaurant, he just came out of
Let's take a minute
Yeah, they're coming in Miami cops on a hot new week
In Helen Vale vise, removing this bomb on MBC
151 at 560 WQA, we got 559 votes on there
And I guess Mo was kind of a slow study, you know what I mean
You've heard of a quick study, he just kind of a slow study
Well, it's just taken a year and a half and I don't think the public's ready yet for his apologies
Are they? No
Maybe another half a year, maybe who knows
Maybe about time it gets to be about 65 next year
Hey listen, it's a big one, it's the 2003 Near Rogers Blowout sale going on right now
And you know exactly where it's taking place, Helen Pontiac GMC
If the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Laman's, you'll pay to all the good folks who are there to Helen
And here's the Near Rogers specials waiting for you right now
Neal deal number one, save up to $7,000 with the highest rebates of the year
Plus deep deep discounts and all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon and on-boy XL
Neal deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five long excruciating years
And you can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only $259 for 36 months
With 12,000 miles here and 25 out of bucks without a pocket is all you pay
Tom and Joe invite you to test drive any vehicle on the line and get you two tickets to tomorrow's October 2nd hurricane West Virginia game
Obviously you better get your ass in there today
Helen Pontiacs also got a great selection certified pre-owned cars, truck's SUVs
And if you have a credit problem, if you want to use to hang out with Jeff the fourth like at Highly
No problem, they'll still work with you to get you a deal and get you in a new vehicle at Helen Pontiac
It's the 2003 Blowout sale happening right now and the place is Helen Pontiac GMC 134-01
South Dixie Highway that you was one across in the falls open every single day, seven days a week
If you want more info on these unbeatable deal deals, you know what to do call the Neal Deal Hotline tool free
One tool free, one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
Don't forget all Neal deals subject to credit, a publicity to folks that held for details
Halop Pontiac GMC are they do be professional grace
Five and local CCC five CCC
The radio's all yours
Come here, you and
The
Provincial
Provincial
Provincial
Provincial
I am Ted Caboone and this is not my day off
Tonight Arnold Schwarzenegger will be joining us by satellite
Good evening Arnold, hello
Good you will put your recovery plan for California's economy into perspective
We were all guys think we're about to be a war of murder
What? I said if the people they cannot pay let them die
You know, I've been curious about this so I must ask you how does your lovely wife Maria achieve that wire hanger looking in cheeks?
We were all got in got out of your own chest drop and what?
I said I hold her down and force wire hanger in her mouth
She was just a woman
Nineteen Hunter Kennedy
It seems someone just threw in egged you, I much prefer tomato
of dawn.
UST
Illinois of M, I can't stop thinking about disgusting
things.
ef
Flamb
vami
Pottongo
Vhl
When I have lunch, I try not to think of them.
I don't want to think about these things, or from it, I wish I could stop.
I also think about human waste.
Yeah, I'm sure it leases.
It's disgusting, I can't get through a meal.
You thought must be tired, right?
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
They always come to mind when I am in trouble.
They always come to mind when I am in trouble.
I think I must be crazy.
I've always been crazy, I know that.
I'm not gonna do that.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talk Show Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
Folks, at over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent supositories,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagotissue.
Just look for my picture on the box of supositories and the applicator tube.
Another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network.
Don't lie, all the harbor.
Don't talk dumb every time I see.
That pre-tarded dimwitch.
Don't talk dumb, all my TV.
He's President of the ****.
Ray Poblakin' Muscleman, and an archingelid idiot.
I don't know why they won't want this guy, but now he's here.
First news and then for years.
With President of the ****.
Oh, what I get to, the boat goes small.
And get to we all voted for.
Oh, what did you want this?
Don't talk dumb, lips drumming stupidly.
Don't talk dumb, all my list drunk in rich kid.
Don't talk dumb, he's even tougher than me.
He's President of the ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in by hook or cross with the Christians.
Oh, I know what's best for you and I, but how no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President of the ****.
President of the ****.
President of the ****.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm gonna give you a watch or show.
I'm flashing.
I don't need you.
I have my money for learning how.
Well, when you were a little kid, the first time you pulled the covers back and you saw a boner.
