Welcome back, Joe. It's the old Mojo again.
Mo and Joe, showing Mo together again.
Pretty tight.
The country we have no one to go.
You can kiss my rear end.
Wednesday night at 8.
Tune into the new Makeover show where five straight guys
put up a gay man who tired of living a well-groomed fashion conscious lifestyle.
So how many days in a row join in to where they stay?
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Join us each week as our boys attempt to teach them
manly man things real men do.
From the proper way to walk.
You need to take bigger strides.
Trudge out those lights.
Ouch! That hurts.
To how to talk like a truck driver.
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey!
Move it or lose it.
That's how you're not right.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Wednesday nights at 8.
Ouch! You think I broke a nail.
Don't they have a corkscrew thing you'd open these beer cans?
You won't want to miss it.
I didn't just think I broke it.
I...
I...
10.0.2.5.60 W.D.Q.M. Happy Monday to it.
Well, I tell you, I think what we're going to start doing instead of typing up these
program schedules and just make them out like in pencil.
Not a good idea.
Well, a talk board.
Wait, this lets have a big QA and a chalkboard.
Well, here's the schedule for the...
Oops, no.
Okay, we asked and this we can close out the chapter on this.
I think we did too many polls on the foral business, but you know, this was the one to kind
of like close it out.
Move on to another chapter.
So we've come full cycle.
Well, here we are almost exactly two years later after Greg reads hysterical snit that
he went into, his snit fit about the first team.
And here's Joe Rose back on her 8 to 10.
Nice going Joe.
All right.
Welcome back here.
What's in that chair, Donnie?
Yeah, it does.
I gave him a Pepsi.
1874 votes on our closing out the foral chapter poll.
A lot of people pissed off, but what can I say?
What's your take on the firing of Scott Perrell is what we asked and I'm pissed.
I love for well, 489, 26%.
Greg reads an asshole which we knew that up front 468, 24.9%.
Sell them in the history of broadcasting has one man, meaning Greg read.
One man created so much chaos and psychosis.
Is there some special reason that I do that with line nine or do you do that?
I didn't do that.
I did that.
Why did you do that?
Because it came up way too quick.
So I figured I'd put him on hold.
No, don't do that.
That's our buddy there.
That's so we look to see if he get him out of the way early that he's done for the day.
You're not using the right psychology, Miguel.
Don't start throwing your weight around, okay?
Just because I raised you a couple of easy, a couple of grand for our charity on Friday.
No set?
Yeah.
How long was there during the week?
I predicted it was going to happen as soon as I came back to town for a while.
Oh, all of a sudden they're all running there.
How much you want?
Here's my check.
Even screw in.
That bitch.
I'm going to check.
Hey, by the way, it changes nothing, honey.
Okay.
Thanks for the check and maybe you'll save a doggar too.
I'm sure you've owned the doggar too in your time.
Anyway, Greg reads an asshole, 468, 24.9%.
Basically what this boiled down was about 60.40.
60% who were pissed at Farragh, fire who were fans and 40% who were like that.
I don't care, never listen to him, 268.
No great loss, 174.
He had it coming.
It was over the top, 134.
The radio business blows.
121.
That's the only correct.
His voice nearly killed me.
112.
I hated him anyway, 79.
And Neil is much more vulgar, only 29 of nearly 2000 votes, 1.5%.
The only should live so long.
Neil is much more vulgar.
I don't think so.
I can't stop doing that though now.
Yeah.
That's one thing he did leave behind is that you just can't stop doing it once you start.
That's the idea.
So I think what we'll do on Wednesday is still that 1 to 2 comedy with Sarah.
We'll both go, ah, I don't like that for now.
I'm going to show for our voice, cheque.
Check it out.
Anyway, here's the first poll today.
We got a pair of polls.
Always good to start the week with an extra.
Peripoles.
Now, yeah, I'm sure that yesterday nobody in this audience watched the CNN thing about
the assassination of a JFK.
You know, either of you see it?
No.
You didn't even see the music awards thing last.
Now with Brittany shaking it.
Now I got the replay on now though.
Shame on you.
What is wrong with you?
I didn't see you.
Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK?
Now, this is not a poll.
I'm glad we're taking the other one because, you know, it's old news.
Now, what does that say in Orlando?
Hello?
Orlando.
Russian Bank.
Yeah, I know.
Dr.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good time with them.
Okay.
Bring them some oxies.
Yeah.
Already talking about that last week.
We're not worried about that.
I already promoted it.
In fact, predicting is going to have maybe the biggest audience of his 15 years in syndication
today.
When he comes back from his rehab in BS is a lot.
Yeah, he's still a junkie.
I read the inquirer thing, which I didn't even, I'm not even going to read it on the
year.
The follow up deal about what an asshole he was at his rehab place in Arizona and how he
kept getting up because they take turns.
You know, when those joints getting up into speaking to each other and he started to do
all these political rants.
Sure.
And while Bill and Hillary were here right now, you know, all this other crap, he just can't
stop.
Well, speaking of he just can't stop, I got the Al Franken book I'm reading now.
Now that I finished it, Michael Moore do wears my country a while back.
Lies and the lying liars who tell him a fair and balanced look at the right.
Al Franken, it's a, it's a hoot.
And I think if don't let me forget.
If time permits, what do you mean if I might permit?
Might.
Just what I said, if time permits, we got a lot of fish to fry here today, mister.
Hmm.
We got a lot of calls to take.
Look at that.
There's another, you know, it's an asshole and cold.
We got a lot of tables.
Here's moral gables.
Shake it off.
For real.
I ride.
In fact, what we can do for the people that are really missing for real.
No, no, no, listen, that's a good idea.
We can have people like this guy.
That was a good call.
Call in and do the for all voice.
Sure.
It's not hard to do.
Shake it off.
Shake it out.
You know, like that.
I mean, we all do it well because it's in coherent, right?
Yeah.
I mean, can you really do a bad, I don't think it, you can do a bad.
One.
All that we'll probably get some.
Yeah, we will.
I thought we'd have like a whole bunch of people on there right now.
A deal.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
I'm going to burn.
Yeah, if you're asked.
Well, all the crap going on and they still don't want to call.
I beg your pardon?
They got the trade meeting that the riots, the shi-
The FTA, I got a good article on that.
I'm going to read.
Trading away democracy.
But I don't know if I should read it because then they'll start a whole bunch of crap.
Of course, even if I don't read it, they'll start.
I still don't understand why any city wants to invite that.
That's the whole thing in there.
And then, oh, well, we want to be the permanent headquarters.
So we can always have chaos.
So if any agitators want to come in and they've got to close the whole county down basically for the week,
they've counties out of business this week, which I'm sure you already noticed.
Of course, they've kind of been out of business for about 23 years.
But, I mean, you've got to be nuts.
And of course, yeah, that's Dave County.
They're nuts.
People have it to close down their business.
People have it to move up to Broward to like do business shutting down a county government,
which is no great loss.
Probably save everybody money.
Anyway, here's our first poll.
They did have on CNN last night a fairly interesting, not, you know, spectacular.
But it was okay.
A piece on the Kennedy assassination because this year is going to be the 40th anniversary.
Every year, November 22nd, they make a little bit of a deal.
But because it's 40, you know, then it becomes a bigger deal.
No, it's 20.
It was a big deal then.
Not 30, man.
And now this year it's 40.
November 22, 1963.
Now, a lot of you punks were, of course, even alive in then.
And of course, you two have any clue what you're talking about on this.
But it was at that point, that was the end.
I don't want to sound like negative or like hostile or anything like that.
That was the end of America November 22nd, 1963.
They can almost take a bit of it.
That was it.
And when Eisenhower warned as he was leaving office at the military industrial complex,
he really believed that.
In fact, I got a really good story here from Moses and the Aquarach, the Globe.
JFK juniors mission to solve Dad's murder.
I'm going to forget this one too.
I got a lot of crap.
Okay.
Lots of crap and so little time, man.
All I care about is that end culture chapter.
Oh, and I will in the Al Franken book.
That's the chapter I'm going to read chapter two end culture nutcase.
Chapter three.
It's a beautiful thing.
Now watch.
Maybe here's another for real guy in line nine because you know who this is.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
100 15 minutes left.
Okay.
Don't you love him?
I love him.
Man, he's the last of you.
The last chance you have to dump it.
Right.
Right.
Sure.
That makes your fingers lower.
It sure does.
Here's the poll question on poll number one.
Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK?
Lee Harvey Oswald, the CIA, Lyndon Johnson, the military industrial complex,
the mafia, Castro, don't have a clue.
Don't know and don't care.
And I'm a young punk.
What do I know?
What?
Well, I mean, I love it.
That's someone Miguel should vote for.
No, Miguel, we know which one he's going to vote for.
Castro.
Like if somebody was buddy.
If Miguel was coming up the elevator this morning with somebody and they farted real bad,
Castro was responsible for it.
JFK and Castro were gay lovers according to the key.
Next time it rains like crazy, Castro was responsible for it.
Next time you have a bad migraine headache, guess who done it?
Fidel to hell with Fidel.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
No question about it.
That's the world Miguel lives in a very sheltered little narrow world.
So unfortunately he's got that nice mattress and Dalam mattress and lovely wife.
When's that kid coming?
March.
March?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that's great.
But he's going to be a daddy.
He's going to be, I poppy, poppy, poppy.
How about tell me about Fidel?
Tell me a story about Fidel.
Yeah.
Man, would it be something if the kid looks just like Castro born like with a beard and the whole thing?
At a cigar.
With a big cigar and his a pus?
That would really be something.
I bet you're clinton be proud.
And that hat?
Mm-hmm.
He is a fashion plate.
In fact that's the only reason he was up on the stage with a Pope so he could finally for once in his life look good.
Even I'm going to do that.
I'm going to set on the stage with a Pope so I look like a snappy dresser.
Well where if what he had?
Okay.
Like Mo?
Yeah, it's a shame I missed him every day last week.
I never saw the mole man and I hear that that was the week to really he was the week to be seen.
The common consensus is that he was wearing those hats because the pieces were off getting serviced.
So I was just thinking about how the dog ate his weasel is untrue.
That's what I heard.
I heard the dog finally caught the weasel and chewed it to pieces and he had to wear these silly hats to cover up his dogganic bald spot.
He sent them to dry concepts.
Oh, you're a hell of a guy Mo we just love you.
Not.
Oh wait wait a minute where the hell is that?
Oh please don't tell me I've lost my stuff in here now.
Uh oh.
Where the hell is it?
Somebody who's there?
Oh that's why I haven't seen that.
Now I got to give condition because man the way you've got stuff set up in a DCS.
I don't want to pick anybody who's not there anymore.
Yeah, both Scott.
Anybody named Scott had to leave.
It was just one of those deals you know.
When Ferrell got fired everybody named Scott had to go bye bye and that's just the way it is right?
Not like in a rule book.
Something like that right.
Anyway, 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM dolphins barely sneak by yesterday against the little girls team.
Patriots shut out Dallas last night and build par cells 12 visit.
These scores the NFL are starting to really get on my nerves man.
Nine to six and at one point the bills were losing nine to five and nine to eight and they still want to lose in any way to a girls team.
But what kind of crap is that?
But the Patriots are eight and two.
Nice going Tommy.
You still look good.
If you're working in a really crappy job if you haven't got like two pennies to rub together much less than nickels that they always talk about.
Here's the answer for you if you like a new and another great thing about last week I never saw Todd Dreck all week.
Oh, right.
Hallelujah.
Oh, right.
If you like a new high paying career but you don't have four long excruciating expensive years to waste in college to give yourself some training.
Here's the answer you might be looking for fast train.
You got nothing to lose but your crappy job by calling and fighting out about it.
Call 1-866 fast train.
And like some people I know it's always good to have like any other job or two like standard buy on the fire.
Fast train can have you trained in certified for a high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four easy months.
Piece of cake.
You can be fully trained ready for a great new career at a big fat paycheck that goes along with it in four months.
So say goodbye to your crap hole boss. Say goodbye to your meaningless job and get yourself a life.
Fast train offers day eating a weekend classes. They offer you job placement assistance financially to people who qualify.
And with six convenient Florida locations and four right and south Florida there's bound to be.
It just makes sense. There's probably one nearby you.
Call fast train today and get yourself on the road to a real life.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then make that call toll free.
1-866 fast trains.
Right. Right. Local. Here's sports radio 560.
She's you.
She way.
If you go in.
E-A-Y S-U-C-K-S.
Leo and Spinders following seasonal on accepted.
You can't wait to see his ass.
The sad part of it is you evidently emailed me this really great thing about where he's picking his nose with the 10 fingers.
Yeah. The only problem is it won't open.
You clicked on the link.
How about your part on the little thing in the subject page is a little picture there you got to double click on.
No, you don't understand it won't it won't even come on.
It won't open at all. No, your email buzz are.
It is and I am just is it going to be on our website. I'm sure if you got it there it'll be on our website, right?
I sent it to Eric. Yes.
All right. So if anybody wants to see the president picking for winners digging for gold there you go.
This respectful if you ask me.
Let's see here's the first flash on our pool.
You think Castro done it?
In fact, Castro's only got two votes. I know Miguel was one.
You got it wrong.
What do you mean by that?
Castro and Kennedy were gay lovers. That's the exile position.
Is that what it is?
Remember the exile position?
Yes.
Is that like dogey style?
Kennedy wouldn't go to the rescue so he loves Castro and Castro loved him.
43 votes. Oh now let's see who was it who told Fidel.
Where the hell did I read that? On a trip to Cuba.
Where the hell did I read that from?
Oh it's in this article I'm going to read if I ever get around to it.
Oh Jesus, am I dumb or what?
Thank you.
43 votes. Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK?
The CIA.
10.
The military industrial complex which of course is the correct answer. That was my vote.
The CIA.
The mafia's seven. I'm a young punk. What do I know for?
Lee Harvey Oswald three.
LBJ three. Don't have a clue three. Don't know and don't care three.
Fidel's only got a pair.
It's probably like Shrivel and Rickle that this point I would think.
Oh that's the rumor from the CIA powder in this story.
I wonder if we have a little Havana for real imitator in Espanol.
Here's a little Havana. Hello.
Mr. Neil Rogers.
Speaking Mr. Royus.
Hey Neil.
Can I talk about scuffer row?
Yeah.
You know I was thinking about when he got fired the other day I said there was something
else you know it was like more than it meets the eye like people say.
What does that mean?
Because like if he says the same thing every day like he talks crazy.
How come for the for what he said that day he affected him and about all the other times
nothing happened to him.
Oh yeah well you don't understand so you didn't see what was going on behind the scenes.
They had like 40 meetings.
Every day you know that finally I guess you just meet the point.
I guess I got tired but it was like something personal I think you know.
Was personal?
You know that's my opinion you know.
In other words it should it should have been business but it was personal is that what you're saying?
Yeah it was something personal because the other day Joe Rose was talking there and he said like oh like for real like.
Like they didn't like him you know.
So in other words Joe Rose didn't like him.
Maybe Joe maybe Joe was trying to get a job and like it worked.
He's gone Joe.
I don't know Joe I don't think anything.
I think he's got Joe and Mo and he's got them all confused.
I think it was military industrial complex.
I think that's what it was the CIA's responsible for all of you and fired.
Check it out.
Anyway in the globe in the at Tammeloy the globe.
JFK Jr's mission to solve that's murder.
I should also tell you what the second poll is going to be because I'm sure we'll get like much more response on that when we get around to it.
After I'm through reading my 600 bedtime stories.
Oh you're not going to do that.
Yeah just because Miguel is on I want to piss him off because he hates it.
I don't really care whether you like it or not. How do you like that?
I like it.
George likes it. I like it and just because all you know about is video.
Video. Video.
Castro and all your silly little you know Gua Barracraft.
You better get with it Miguel.
Okay you're a good guy but you're you know you're you're losing it.
You're losing contact with reality.
You're losing your grasp.
I don't think he cares anymore.
No he doesn't. He's been a QM too long.
Plus you know when you've been chased around a hallways by Dureen at many days in a row.
He's not chased.
Oh she ain't either.
And I'll tell you who really ain't.
Roar.
That bit screw in.
Oh she is.
Wow.
One day I walked in there and I knew she was there.
I didn't see her yet but I could smell it.
Oh man I could smell that stench in a hallway.
I thought I bet you that bit screw in is waiting for me right outside the door.
And there she was with her check.
I didn't know that wasn't the day she had to check it.
I embarrassed her into that.
She was just there to meet and greet.
And I said how's Roar.
And she just smiled from ear to ear.
I still don't understand that whole thing about her.
Her husband is sales manager of the competition.
I don't get that.
What's going on?
I guess maybe he likes.
Huh?
What's not to get?
When we have a problem we hire them over here.
It's a perfect arrangement.
Well that's right.
It's a dumping ground for all his misfits like Todd Dreck and Jeff High and PDD dearly departed PD Lenny.
Rumor has it by the way PD Lenny wasn't too fond of Scott Farrell.
Which we don't really care about that.
We like Scott Farrell's matter of fact.
I don't understand why he wouldn't like him.
Yeah they both have a lot in common.
They both have always looking for another job.
The minute they start knowing they're like got five other jobs on the online.
I don't understand that.
Is it insecurity?
Is it like malcontent?
What is the deal?
Self preservation I think.
No seriously what is that all about?
Why is it that the minute you start a job you start like putting the feelers up.
You know I got all these other things going on a back burner.
What is that?
I guess it's like you feel that you're never going to be happy or maybe you're like a little insecure
because you've been canned a hundred times.
You think that might be it?
I don't know.
Anyway the other movie we're going to the other pool say I gave it away.
What's fairly obscured and I see that you're right.
They're never going to get this because they're going to say oh how about the Godfather?
That'll be fun.
No this is really good because most of the questions are very specific.
This one is vague so it's really going to open up a can of worms so to speak.
What's fairly obscured movie that most people probably haven't seen?
Do you think is a must see?
I think that's an excellent poll.
Don't you?
I do I have got my choice on here.
Okay let's hear it.
Irreversible.
Your choice is irreversible?
Yeah.
Can't we talk you out of it?
No.
Oh.
Irreversible who's in that?
Monica Balucci.
Some French guy.
Gucci, Gucci, it's Monica Balucci.
Most extreme rape and murder scene I've ever seen and I've seen a few.
Really?
A lot of her.
So it was interrupted by the station as a matter of fact and hats off to him.
He was right.
Even Mo Tipped his hand to him?
Yeah but his wig came off.
Yeah it was funny because Bob Sheeper last night during that CNN thing they showed him in Dallas on that day the Kennedy.
Actually it was the day that Lee Harvey Oswald got shot by Jack Ruby.
And they all had to wear these hats.
They made the TV reporters wear these old-fashioned hats you know?
Because they made them look more like detectives like they really belonged there.
What those Fedoras?
Yeah.
Although in Dallas I guess it didn't make any difference in those days because anybody that looked like, yeah, although Jack Ruby was one of them as well they pointed out.
Over his bald head just kind of like Mo.
JFK Jr's mission to solve Dad's murder.
To disturbing details he learned about that deadly day in Dallas.
Sad part of it is nobody in this audience.
Well I won't say nobody.
Most people don't care now because they're punks you know.
Right.
They ought to care.
They ought to care if they give a crap about what's going on right now.
That should see Kennedy was going to pull all the advises out of Vietnam by January 1st, 65.
That was it and they said oh we don't think so.
No we don't think so.
The only guy that messed it like Tessio said in the Godfather.
Now you're going to mess up all of my plans.
Right.
And so they said, but I'm being like that.
But of course Johnson was buddies with the military industrial company.
He sure was.
He had a lot of good to ask all buddies in there.
He was really and then he unloaded his escalation of the war in Vietnam and at Hool V.
Just the coincidence I guess.
Another one of them strange historical coincidences.
97 votes already.
That's pretty heavy duty.
Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK?
We're also wanting to find out how you feel about Joe Rose being back on 8 to 10.
What is it going to end?
Is it ever going to end?
No.
Hey Greg, when is it going to end you clown you silly person, you simple thin man?
God is he pathetic or what?
Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of John F. Kennedy?
The military industrial complex 20, the CIA 20.
Don't know and don't care 15.
Don't you love those people?
They don't know and they don't care.
That was Miguel's vote.
The Mafia 11.
Castro 8.
I'm a young punk.
What do I know 8?
Don't have a clue 6.
Lee Harvey Oswald only 5 and LBJ 4.
Only 5 people really believe that Oswald will crap.
Don't you believe he could have fired like 40 shots and like 6 seconds up there?
He was a high seat.
Sounds reasonable.
We'll see him no more.
Oh, there's Jack Ruby again.
Competit.
Oswald's been shot.
See I saw that live on TV.
Are you worth it?
Lucky you.
I saw it live on TV.
Oswald's been shot.
I saw he'd rip up the Pope's life.
Did you?
Yeah, I did.
I guess he intatters.
Is he intatters now?
Yeah, he's shattering.
Castro, you shouldn't mess with that lovely dress.
27 past 10 at 560 WQM on a really interesting Monday, man.
It's real interesting.
How's that FDA?
A.
Speaking of interesting people, Troy from Valance for Life, you really pissed me off, man.
There's something very, very wrong with you.
The guy brings in two sacks of food on Friday.
All week long, did I eat one morsel in there during the show?
No.
Good boy.
And he brings in not one but two sacks of food and food in the big oatmeal cookie.
Anyway, Valance for Life will help you lose weight.
That's the bottom line.
In spite of the fact that Troy is a major schmuck.
The reason it'll help you lose the weight is because it's simple.
Even the most frustrated and angry people out there who've tried all the other diets and failed
can make this work because they do all the work for you.
All you do is eat what they give you.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting.
Just a little black sack.
And boy, there's nothing like a little black sack.
It's right outside your door by 6 a.m. every morning at your house.
At work wherever you want them to deliver it to.
It inside the sack is plenty of great delicious fresh food with three gourmet meals.
Two delicious snacks to keep you full and happy and satisfied and losing that weight all day long.
This is the kind of program you won't need to cheat on because like I said, there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied.
The only choice you'll have to make is when you fill out the menu once a week.
You'll fax it back to him with your choice.
In fact, balance for life is the only company that lets you choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program.
So if you're tired of being overweight, out of shape, where an impupptence, lethargic, have no energy,
being diabetic or on the verge of it.
Like balance for life, give the answer you've been looking for for all your life.
You might start seeing results on those skills within just a matter of days.
Here's the number to call.
954-568-3229.
954-568-3229.
If you want more information about their program and what's all about, check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com.
My name is Bob.
This is Fort Real by City.
UAF.
Now from random thoughts publishing, it's Ozzy Osborne's new children's book on tape, Motherf**king Goose.
Kids will love all their favorites done as only Ozzy can deliver, like the classic Jack Sprat.
Jack Sprat could eat no f**king fat.
His wife could eat no leg.
And so be Triximbal, you see.
They f**king lick the brad of cleaner.
And the time was favorite.
Three men in a tub.
Robert Dub Dub, three men in a tub.
And who do you think they be?
The butcher, the biker, the candlestick maker.
Jesus, what the f**king silly three men doing in a f**king tub together?
I'm surprised one of them wasn't a f**king f**king f**king pack of man.
Over 100 nursery rhymes interpreted and read by the prince of f**king darkness.
Ozzy Osborne.
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe.
What the f**king she doing living in a shoe?
This makes no sense at all.
SAD!
SAD!
Motherf**king Goose.
The new children's book on tape only from random thoughts published.
1033 at 560 W.
When he clicked on this thing on our website because Eric got it on there,
but now it's got to download it.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Right, well it's a video.
Oh, it's a video?
Oh yeah.
Because I was trying to tell you.
Oh, I can't wait to see this.
It's not just his finger up his nose.
He would really passionately dig in there with every finger
and some of the fingers of the people around him.
I'll be there.
Well, maybe he's looking for answers, huh?
Maybe he's digging for solutions.
Anyway, here's before we did that article.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, is that me?
That sounds like you.
Wow, this is great.
I have something for you.
First off, I have to give a shout out to my co-worker upstairs Steve.
He's listening on the internet.
Okay.
Hi Steve.
Hey, here we go.
I love you, Neal.
Oh, yes I do.
You give me gas and turn my roach blue.
In my world, what would I do without you?
Oh, Neal, Roger, I love you.
I love you.
I wish I was laughing at you that hard,
but I'm watching George W.
Picking his nose.
It's quite a combo.
Thanks, sweetheart.
All right, love you, bye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, this is...
Is there a finger he has that he doesn't stand for?
Wow.
Man, oh man, oh man.
That's the old friend vest, you know what?
No, no, seriously, it makes all the other stuff pale in a wood significance.
Thank you to the listener who contributed.
George W. Bush, thanks to the listener who sent that to us.
George W. Bush picks it running mate.
He's at a ball game.
I don't know what the hell ball game is.
There's no order to make any difference.
And he's turning around.
He's looking at the some goofball behind him.
And there's a fly ball to center field and a guy makes the game.
And now, man, now all of a sudden you think it's an out, but it's not.
Right?
Oh my god, Jesus!
No, and he's flicking.
No, he's not eating them now.
Oh no.
And now we get the close up from all different angles.
This is seriously the greatest thing I've ever seen in my life.
That is, it makes anything else we've ever put on a website, killing a wood significance.
Thanks, listener, whoever the hell you are.
That is a hoot.
Man, I always knew he had something up his nose.
Anyway, the globe says JFK Jr's mission to solve Dad's murder.
The disturbing details he learned about that deadly day in Dallas.
JFK Jr's spend his adult life on an astounding secret mission that he shared with only a few of his closest confidants,
mulling over classified documents, and a determined bid to amass exactly who was behind his founders' assassination forty years ago.
And now, globe can exclusively reveal the shocking secrets uncovered by the gutsy Kamalot heir,
and it wasn't the mafia, or Fidel Castro, or Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone, to gun down JFK in Dallas November 22, 1963.
It was JFK Jr's belief following his twenty-year investigation that the guilty parties were ten to fifteen ultra-right wing military generals,
and discredible CIA operatives who were angry at his father's plan to keep America out of the growing Vietnam conflict.
This clandestine group, stung by the U.S. military failure at the Bay of Pigs in Cuba, there you go, Miguel, in Cuba,
wanted to crank up the American war machine and win in Vietnam at all cost, including the use of nuclear weapons, and JFK stood in their way.
Publicly, JFK Jr. distanced himself from the conspiracy theory swirling around his father's shocking assassination, but behind closed doors he burned the midnight order,
and uncovered the tiniest clues during the age eighteen, say close friends, even tonight ever watching Oliver Stone's controversial movie JFK,
which contained many of the same beliefs about the assassination that Jr. shared, but he actually watched it in private many times.
Can you imagine the headlines if somebody spotted me in the theater JFK Jr. as his friend, anywhere would upset my family too much.
JFK Jr. agreed with Stone on one point, he refused point-like to believe the official version that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone shooter, says the friend.
He came to his conclusion after watching the famous of Prudor footage framed by spelled wrong, by the way.
Footage framed by frame listened to enhanced audio tapes of the actual gunshots, and reviewing autopsy reports and forensic evidence on Oswald's gun.
He doggedly shifted through papers that few other people could get their hands on, documented the JFK library in Boston and top secret files that his close friends in Washington, D.C. got for him.
I just have to get to the bottom of this, I need answers, he told his confidants.
While studying at Brown University spent much of his spare time on his mission. Later he would paste the floor of his Manhattan apartment acting as if he were arguing the case before Judge and jury the friend reveals.
John called it his hobby, but it was his burning passion said one source.
Wanted JFK Jr.'s post his friends for more than a decade before his fatal airplane crashed July 16, 1999.
He would never have published his findings, he was doing it just for himself. Sadly, Jr. never remembered saluting his father's coffin one of the most famous pictures of the 20th century or happy times playing in the White House as the friend.
The saddest thing about, John ever said about his motivation was my father was one of the greatest figures in American history, and every single thing he ever didn't said was documented yet I don't know anything about him.
He told me time and again he needed to find out exactly what happened to satisfy himself.
It was terrified of being seen as obsessed and feared conspiracy buffs would turn him into a post-of-war for their theories if he would ever leaked out.
He took great pains to ensure that his mom, Jackie, didn't find out about his mission, as she had the attitude that what happened happened, case of Rasa Rasa Rasa, she got the money, and needed to move on with her her life.
His wife Carolyn was said new, but I don't think she was really that interested, says the source.
JFK Jr's personal investigation took him to Dallas where he visited the assassination site of Dele Plasm, while he was in law school in the 88.
Waring a baseball cap, pulled low to a highly spaced, he was shocked to find the place where his father was killed to be so attractive.
It was much smaller than I expected in the sun was shining, he told the source afterward. I couldn't get over the fact that such a tragic horrific thing happened on such a pretty little street.
One time, Jr. bumped into Frank Sinatra at a party in the chairman of the board asked for his phone number.
Sometime later, Sinatra called a tell him, I don't want you to think my friends had anything to do with the assassination, says the source.
But Sinatra had no worries, Jr. didn't believe the mafia was involved in his father's death, Frank's friends.
Right. Capiche? C.
In 97, Jr. made his way to Cuba where he interviewed Fidel Castro for his George magazine, the Cuban dictator, too, wanted to clear the air.
John told me Castro looked him straight in the eye and told him it is important to me, he told him,
It is important to me that you know I had nothing to do with your father's assassination, says the source.
John said he nodded and smiled because he knew Castro wasn't involved.
For a while, JFK's vice president, Lyndon Johnson, was JFK Jr. spotlight.
But the more I look into him, the less likely it seems LBJ could have involved, he told the source.
He was a mean arrogant bastard, but I don't think he killed my father.
Incredibly, a friend of the Russian consulate in New York allowed Jr. to view KGB files on the assassination and Oswald, who lived in Russia for a while,
if any knew the Russians were involved in the case, in the end.
Jr.'s conclusion echoed that of Oliver Stone, certain generals in CIA haunchos, set up Lee Harvey Oswald as the Patsy, and there were four other shooters disguised as hobos.
At least three of these supposed hobos, too clean and well dressed to be real bums, were found dead.
On different Dallas streets, but no one paid much attention because they were slaying the same day JFK died.
Did you know that?
I had no idea.
John was driven. There's no other word for it to find the truth.
The source tells the robys spent time energy and money pulled a lot of strings to go to places and gave his hands on crucial evidence.
He vowed to find the identities of the Goliath parties before he died, but ironically, not long after John told me he had just the wrapped up his investigation, he was killed in that crash.
How do you like that?
You think that's just another coincidence?
Of course.
He was like on to something and he got killed in that plane crash.
Just like Ted Kennedy almost got killed in that plane crash.
See what I'm wearing going with this?
Yep.
And then, and then, for real gets fired.
Hi, I'm Michael.
And look, this is 42560.
Way to go, yeah.
That's a good name.
Don't take jail rules.
So, and from me, how about two towns south of Goliath me?
Because afraid that you still hate Jews, cause making peace is how to do.
I thought that we, we used to fight.
I thought that we, we used to fight.
My little gun made people real afraid.
What you offer, it just won't do.
How about the waste bank and God's help?
If do you know that we don't want more magic?
My own people is to unwind my head.
If this is all that you got, I will pray that my dead does this like, and once is done.
I'm now for God.
We will get this far.
But I was shaking hands with rainbow stars.
Let's get up here again and have a barbecue.
Cause making peace is how to do.
I can't beat pork your smock.
I'm out, I'm out, I'm out, I'm out.
I'm out, I'm out, I'm out, I'm out.
I don't know.
I'm out, I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
And pulling the pose.
The fat one returns today with his fresh supplies what I'm hearing.
Sheth high?
Fresh supply of fat high?
Boy!
Anyway, this is a great facts from Scotty I love this.
If this goes hand in hand with both polls, the movie executive action.
You see that?
No, I did.
Excellent.
And it's on the poll already.
It was made in the 70s long before Oliver Install And's後 Street JFK movie,
it had avert-line cast.
was about a group of Texans, they wanted the Vietnam War and threatened by the Kennedy family.
They feared a series of Kennedy presidents, JFK to Bobby to Ted, who would be friendly to the
civil, you notice how JFK got murdered and Bobby got murdered. And Ted had a plan crash,
but somehow still survived because he had a lot of padding from all that eaten.
Who would be friendly to the civil rights movement, hostile to Texas oilbearance,
an unwilling to go on with Vietnam. It's pretty interesting and a must see for anyone
of the cover-up and conspiracy. I think it was a thinly veiled theory of howard HL Hunt,
who was the big oil guy at the time and a rabid right-winger. Imagine that a rabid right-wing
Texas oilman killing people from Scotty. Nice spot Scotty. He sought a pull right now,
executive action and irreversible are the first two on that pull. What fairly obscure movie that
most people probably haven't seen, you think is a must see. I think that fits the definition
to a T, it's perfect. I'm going to go get it. Now I'm going to go get it again today, even though I
see it in a couple of times, I'm going to go over and get it today and watch it and watch it and
watch it. I mean, this is the week we're supposed to be immersed in this and we shouldn't
forget, even though a lot of you punks out there, how's that pull coming? 217 votes. Who do you
think was responsible for the assassination in JFK? The military industrial complex 56 and you
know what those people are? Absolutely correct. That's right. CIA 40, mafia 26, don't know and don't
care 17, Lee Harvey Oswald 17, don't have a clue 16. I'm a young punk. What do I know? Obviously
not much 16. Lyndon Johnson 15 and Castro Fidel Fidel 14. Catorce. Is that right? Yeah. Good one.
Good one. What? I know my number is Mr. I know it. Anyway, so I did a little homework on the
Internet, which you have to be careful what you're looking at because you'll find especially on
something like this, you'll find all kinds of wacky, weird conspiracy theories. You know,
the Zillions, there's an endless supply of crap on the Internet, but this is from the
Fairly prestigious Washington Post March 26, 2001 by George Lardner Jr. Study Back's theory of
grassy nul. New reports is second gunman fired at Kennedy. It means there are any question that
there were shots from the grassy nul and the thing about the hobos and the homeowner is there
any out of our? The House of Assassinations Committee may have been right after all there was a
shot from the grassy nul. Oh my God. That was the key finding of the congressional investigation
that concluded 22 years ago that President John F. Kennedy's murder in Dallas 63 was probably
the result of a conspiracy. A shot from the grassy nul meant that two gunmen must have fired
at the president within a split-setting sequence. Lee Harvey Oswald accused the firing three shots
at Kennedy from a person at the Texas School Board depository couldn't have been in two places at once.
Da. A special panel of the National Academy of Sciences subsequently disputed the evidence of
a fourth shot contained any police dictabeld of the sounds and daily pleasure that day. The panel
insisted it was simply random noise, maybe static recorded about a minute after the shooting while
Kennedy's motorcade was on route to Park from hospital. A new peer-reviewed article in Science
and Justice, a quarterly publication of Britain's Forensic Science Society, says the N.A.S.
panel study was seriously flawed. It says the panel failed to take into account the words of a
Dallas patrolman that showed the gunshot like noises occurred at the exact instant that John
of Kennedy was assassinated. In fact, the author of the article, DB Thomas the government
scientist and JFK assassination researcher said it was more than 96 percent certain that there
was a shot from the grassy nul to the right of the president's limousine, in addition to the three
shots from a book depositor or window above and behind the limousine. G. Robert Blakey, former chief
counsel to the House Assassinations Committee said the N.A.S. panel study always bothered and because
it dismissed all four punitive shots as random noise, even though the three soundbirds from the
book deposit were matched up precisely with the film of the assassination and other evidence
such as the echo patterns in Dele Plaza and the speed akin to his motorcade. This is an honest,
careful scientific examination of everything we did with all the appropriate statistical checks,
Blakey said at Thomas's work. It shows that we made mistakes too, but minor ones. He puts the,
he said that we thought there was a 95 percent chance it was a shot. He puts it at 96.3 percent,
either way he said that's beyond a reasonable doubt. How do you like that? I don't. They placed an
unknown gunman behind a picket fence at the top of the grassy knoll and brought over into the right
of the presidential limousine. The House Committee concluded that this shot missed and that Kennedy was
killed by a final bullet from Oswald's rifle. Thomas, by contrast, believes it was a shot from the
knoll, seven tenths of a second earlier, that killed the president from the grassy knoll.
So there you go. You can believe what your government tells you if you're a fool, if you're an idiot,
you can believe whatever it is like the Warren Commission report, which is for morons,
which is for silly people. And keep in mind it was LBJ just coincidentally enough,
who commissioned the Warren Commission report. And we had geniuses on there like Gerald Ford,
for example, who just coincidentally later had it become president. And our inspector with his
single magic bullet theory that just conveniently wound up on a stretcher at Parkland Hospital.
Oh, there it is. It just fell out of his head. Yeah, it just fell out of the governor's wrist.
His limperist is on, it's on the stretcher there. Look at that. Looky, looky, looky. Here comes cookie.
Is that amazing or what? I'm in the best part of course about that magic bullet
theory of our inspector who of course, Senator from Pennsylvania was also on a Warren Commission report.
The best part of that is that the bullet on the stretcher was pristine. It was like untouched by
human glands. It was a magic bullet after all. It was the magic bullet that not only went through
the president's neck, but then struck the governor in the shoulder and down into his wrist bone
and broke his wrist bone. But it like just like brand new. Man, they sure all make them like they
used to. You know what? No. Damn. I bet you even wired her up and have been proud and wild
built Hitchcock. Man, oh man. What a sad, sad state of affairs when the public. And of course,
they know that the public doesn't really care all that much. Number one and number two,
that everybody and their brother starts to come up with the hoax, poke his ebgb and all become so
ridiculous. Nobody believes it anyway. So it's a lot easier to say, oh yeah. And who cares anyway?
What's that kind of thing with the price of halava? I think we changed the pool at 11,
don't you? Okay. Or not. This is clear cut. Oh, we don't have much on this. Huh? We don't have much
on this second one. Well, we don't we don't need to put the second one on. All right, we'll leave it
up until we're building the other one. How's that? Is that agreeable with all of us? Miguel,
is that agreeable with you? We don't really care what you say. And I just want to make Miguel
feel like, you know, his vote counted for something. Who do you think was responsible for the
assassination of President John F. Kennedy 248 votes? Pretty heavy duty total there, like about what?
40 minutes, right? The military industrial complex 69 69 got it? The CIA 45, the mafia 31,
Lee Harvey Oswald 19, don't have a clue 19, don't know and don't care 18. Lyndon Johnson 17,
I'm a young punk. What do I know? 16 and Castro is stuck on 14. Still 14 vote for Fidel,
the bearded one, the bearded Schmuck. I think the dog done it. Who's dog? Watched early of
the obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen, do you think is a must see? So far,
all we got is your choice and the factor which I would agree with irreversible and executive action.
Two good ones. 10.56. Now what's the line up today? Let's see, it's in pencil. We got the
Joseph Gaggy and we got the big O. No, no, we don't. Any case on in the middle of the afternoon.
Let's just let it light up people's year, revolving chair. Let's just keep moving the schedule
everybody all around. Okay, keep the audience guessing. That's right.
My dog at two, it says here, the Humper at Chula's at four. Ricky Williams show at the Cleveland
or seven o'clock tonight. Ricky, Ricky, get a haircut sweetheart. They're tackling you by your
hair. You silly person. You the big eight to 10, indicate 10 to two and mark Eisenberg's solo two
to five in the morning. What's that all about? Where's our close personal, Paisanjo Castello?
If you're looking to replace that terrible cup in your home, let me tell you about a really smart
alternative. Laminants are us did the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood
flooring. Laminants are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names
in the universe. They got them all. Whatever one you like. Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Unifor,
Quift Step they have them. In all of Laminants are us flooring installed by people who we know
their crap, Pergo certified installers to another reason to call Laminants are us. Their prices are
so astonishingly low. They'll for you right now get their false special for just 1495 bucks. You
heard correct. Just 1495 dollars is all it takes to get you up to 295 square feet of beautiful
laminated wood flooring positively unreal. And Laminants are us will match any legitimate written
offer too. If you want a free no obligation in home estimate call Laminants are us at that toll
free number 1 877773336. Nothing in the world could be easier. They give you free carpet
disposal, free furniture moving, a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful,
easy care Laminants would floor even picking your noses and easier than this. So call Laminants
for us today toll free and tell them that old crusty meal totally to call 1 877773336.
You can't pump yourself no else or pop your
money.
But it became obvious that they wanted me out of the magazine as brought in a woman to replace me.
Creatively and kept me away from my staff I said bye bye. Keep my money, goodbye.
I said bye bye. Keep my money, goodbye. And then how come you two issues and then they soon
What
Throw and fix, that's when everything went bad for Rosie.
She went and so walked away and discussed.
She went and so Rosie thought she would pass, so she's to them.
Please do her, sounds like Rosie can use rape and burn.
Who will win? No one knows. It's a sin.
Sure it blows. Just don't throw clues.
Fall that bunch of kisses.
And it does and look good for Rosie.
She'll be broken.
Well I guess not.
Lever 02 at 560 WQM. I didn't realize just like that other thing that we got under.
The WMD countdown.
There's audio on this. Did you know that?
No, I didn't. I didn't know it was picking.
Well just wait till you hear this.
Did I forget?
I knew that that wasn't a thing.
I feel good.
Sounds like the eddy case show all over again.
Pick another one W.
I've got a year.
I'm feeling good.
Oh man. What a beautiful thing.
As W. Bigs 4 solutions meant all these deep problems.
560, 560, 560, 560.
Let's start building this other thing.
I got that FTAH stories.
They weren't the city down yet or not.
I think they're going to wait till Thursday for the big semis.
I saw they were protesting marching in Oakland Park yesterday.
They were trying to spread it around a little bit.
Those are warm ups.
Make sure everybody gets a little taste practice runs.
Here's a call from Viral Beach.
Hi.
I was on a website the other day that showed a timeline of the Kennedy assassination.
As you look at the numbers, you realize that the Dallas police had apprehended Lee Harvey Oswald
less than 90 minutes after the president was killed.
I'm curious why we don't maybe send a Dallas police over to get Osama.
Excellent.
Something like that.
Or Sodom, yeah.
They're very efficient people.
As a matter of fact, they had the description within like a half, even less than that within
just a matter of minutes after the body was taken to Parkland Hospital.
They had the description.
They should have let me see it in PCS today of what the suspect was.
A white male in his early 30s, 5 foot 10, whatever hell it was.
Pretty amazing, wouldn't it?
Indeed it was.
Indeed.
I don't know if that makes it a conspiracy that they had the guy nailed so quickly or not.
But it was certainly the piece of puzzling evidence there.
They're on their way to bagged that right now, man.
It's in the bag, dad.
Thank you.
Good point.
Don't you find that a little bit strange?
I mean, if he wasn't set up and he was the passer, how do they know like automatically who the hell it was?
Especially when supposedly at the time that the gunshots were fired, he was downstairs drinking like a coke
in the lunchroom in the Texas School Book Depository, alleged.
I, you're just paranoid.
I must be.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the odd.
She's don't tell me I did this.
What?
Why are we, I, that thing came up.
Would you like to set someone so as your home page and I did it?
Oh no.
No, no, it was our home page, but that's not what I want to be looking at.
307 votes, cast your 18.
Who do you think responsible for the, and we, it's my fault.
I worded it badly.
It should have said Lee Harvey Oswald alone.
Because he could have still fired the shots but been part of a conspiracy.
So it's poorly worded but it's too late to change it now, don't you think?
Who cares?
Yeah, who, who gives a crap?
Is it going to change anything?
No.
Is it going to bring a JFK back to life?
No.
Is it going to get pushed out of the White House only we wish it would?
Cast your 18.
I'm going from the bottom up.
I, I'm a young punk.
What do I know?
19.
There's Arnold, Arnold's getting sworn in today.
Lot of swearing going on.
Don't have a clue.
20 Lyndon Johnson, 20 Lee Harvey Oswald, 22.
Don't know it.
Don't care.
25 of the oblivious.
The mafia, 39, the CIA, 56.
The military industrial complex, 88.
Which I think is the right answer.
Okay, now let's get back to building this pool.
What do you say?
Before I start reading that, um, Al Franken book.
Accord.
And then that article about the FTA, A.
And obscure movie that you think most people probably haven't seen.
But you think it's a must see.
Here's a column of keys.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
I got lucky enough to visit the LA Plaza in 2000 and the interesting thing at the grassy
old, after 35 years or however long it has been, the fence needed to be changed.
Are they supposed to have the other grassy old gunmen were?
Whoever was in charge felt it necessary that the new fence be a foot or two taller than the old fence.
I know where these like, Kazenki style letters, you know, conspiracy's written right on the fence
but how, you know, it's kind of a historical monument.
Nothing there should be changed.
It should be left open to the mind.
Yeah.
Anybody besides the simpleton could go there and figure out that, you know, Harvey Oswald was crazy.
But, you know.
Okay.
That's it.
I thought I got caught off but it just seems like years later, instead of giving people the choice to figure it out themselves, history is going to be, you know, fixed to where you'll never know.
Now the public has never given a chance to figure that.
We're like all supposed to be kept in the dark.
You know, we're lemmings and they like it a lot better that way.
It's much better for business.
Only a moron could believe that that idiot was able to kill that man from the inside.
Absolutely.
How are you, Palli?
Thank you, buddy.
Let's see.
Where's that one nothing in here?
At the end of that art library from the globe?
Over there.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, certain generals and C-I-Hunches set up Lee Harvey Oswald as the Patsy is what the junior believed.
And there were at least four other shooters disguised as hobos, which we've already bucked him for a long time.
But this other part I didn't realize at least three of the supposed hobos to clean and well dressed to be real bumps were found dead on different Dallas streets, but no one paid much attention because they were all slain on the same day that JFK died.
Just a coincidence.
Also, just a coincidence about juniors of plane crash that happened just when he was getting to the meat of the matter.
And about Ted Kennedy's plane crash and about the Paul Wellstone's plane crash.
These are just all coincidences, don't you think?
Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and team.
Rise my roll. Let me forget the Al Franken book.
Don't forget.
Here's a call from Lutterdale. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I think one of the things you remember back to the, um, to the OJ case when the Vincent B. O. C. wrote his book and he said that.
In cases like this, there always is.
But I think I know.
I think in the JFK case.
This is the fact that all of JFK's protection was pulled that morning.
Right.
Okay.
Your phone is crappy now.
Call me back because obviously you have something to say, but your phone is deadly.
Cutting in. I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
I can't understand.
Sure, it's nice though that the Bush people that these Nazis, these fascists who've taken control and so.
Oh, and I got a great article about that.
Two as a matter of fact.
All right.
I did a lot of digging yesterday and out of my nose like the president.
Yeah.
If he'd do more digging in the little research instead of digging in his nose, maybe he'd know what else going on in the world.
Gour is victory.
This is another article from November 12, 2001.
Two years ago.
You ready for this?
No.
Now, how do you say consortium or consortium?
Consortium.
You do?
That's what I say, but well, I don't think you're right.
Anyway, it's from a website consortiumnews.com by Robert Perry, P-A-R-R-Y, Gour's Victory.
It says so.
Al Gore was the choice of Florida's voters, whether one counts hanging chads or dimpled chads.
That was the core finding of the eight news organizations that conducted a review of disputed Florida ballots.
By any chad measure, Gour won.
This was a year after the fixed election.
Gour won, even if one doesn't count the 15 to 25,000 votes that USA today estimated Gour lost because of illegally designed butterfly ballots,
or the hundreds of predominantly African-American voters who were falsely identified by the status felons and turned away from the polls.
Gour won, even if there's no adjustment for George W. Bush's windfall, of about 290 votes from improperly counted military absentee ballots,
where lacksteadards were applied to Republican counties and strict standards, democratic ones,
a violation of fairness reported earlier by the Washington Post and the New York Times.
Put differently, George W. Bush was not the choice of Florida's voters,
any more than he was the choice of the American people who cast a half million more ballots for Gour than Bush Nationwide.
Yet, possibly for reasons of patriotism in this time of crisis, the news organizations that financed the Florida ballot study
structured their stories on a ballot review to indicate that Bush was the legitimate winner with headlines such as
Florida ReCounts with a favored Bush Washington Post of November 12, 2001.
Post-media critic Howard Kurtz took the spin cycle one cycle further with the story headline,
George W. Bush, no more than ever in which Kurtz ridiculed as conspiracy theorists, those who thought Gour had won.
Of course, we know Howard Kurtz is an asshole who licks that Kramer-Guysass on CNBC.
The conspiracy theorists have been out in force convinced that the media were covering up
Florida election results to protect President Bush Kurtz wrote,
that gets puts to rest today with a fighting by eight news organizations that Bush would have beaten Gour under both of the ReCount plans
being considered at this time, at the time.
Kurtz also mocked those who believed that when the election fairly based on the world of the voters was important in democracy,
now the question is how many people still care about the election did like that last fall felt like the story of the century
and now faintly echoes like some distant civil war battle.
What an idiotic thing, in other words, this time passes, fewer people care.
So that makes it okay.
In other words, the elite media's judgment is,
Bush won't get over it. Only Gour Partisans has both a Washington Post and New York Times called critics of the official Florida election tallies
would insist on looking at the fine print.
And this goes on for like four pages. It's, it's, it's simply leading.
And it goes on in documents very, very well, I'll read a little bit more after the break.
Okay, I don't want to, I want to get to Congress here.
But I'm just telling you, they stole the goddamn election right there in front of our noses in Florida.
And they sent down all those ringers from outside from Washington.
Let us in, let us in. And then they finally, when it got desperate,
they started counting votes and it was getting closer and closer.
And things started really looking bad. They got their cronies on these Supremes there,
man, they called up God, they're Mary Wells and Diana Ross, right?
And they said, hey, stop the count.
And I'll put a counting already, okay? And they said, okay.
They rolled up a big fat one to keep clearance, Thomas Happy.
And that was the end of that. No more counting, man.
I mean, in election, who the hell would want to count the vote anyway?
I'm saying, why should we do that? That's right.
Your Chad pick. He's no as picking on Chad Picken.
That, that, seriously, that picture on here is just, it's, it's magnificent.
It is so perfect and beautiful.
1113 at 560 WQA, if you're on the Atkins diet, in fact, you know something now that he's dead.
Now at Bob Atkins is like a hero to everybody.
Is that incredible? That's why it always works.
Everywhere I look on TV, I see all the, oh, he was right.
And you know, something now that he's dead, when he was alive, we like grip and mask,
because we just didn't like his personality like George.
Anyway, if you're on one of those low carb diets, you'll love the lights of West Volka,
because this store is entirely for you. Over a thousand count them.
Low-carb products in the store, all low-carb sugar-free or low sugar,
bagels, breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips,
dips, soups, ketchup, that delicious carbolite ice cream.
They got your crunchy pretzels by Carbsense.
They've got lots of tortilla, great for making low-carb wraps, slim carb fudgies for all you fudge packers out there.
Fudge brownies are chocolate raspberry cookies.
Carb slim bites make a great snack and no laxative effect.
Thank the Lord.
Lawn nuba jams and seven gourmet flavors to jam on it,
simply low-carb bread with stevia with a uniquely delicious taste,
and champion lightest back in five delicious flavors, too.
So if you're on one of them low-carb diets, and you want some variety, some taste,
something with some taste, something with a little bit of sweetness to it,
this is a story you'll love, and they let you try anything the store before you have to buy it.
All the Atkins products are on sale today.
Next, Chubuus, all day every day.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10,
and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
next to Boston Market.
You can call them full free for more info, and 1-877 Low Carb L-O-W-C-A-R-B,
or look up up on the web at lowcarb.com.
If you're out one of them low-carb diets, this store is a must for you.
Delights are West, Bokey or official Atkins Retail Center.
We're Sports Radio 5cC, U-A-M.
I'm banging on the butt, honey.
Okay.
The street, coldly pumped it in a pooper,
at best the ball is super, but the brothers got no brains.
Trying to cram it up for a honey, she had a no-man hole to tiny,
he got no one else to blame.
He took a bimbo to his sweet,
they got between the sheets, and things went going fine.
Then he grabbed that little last,
that made a foul shot of her ass,
and she quickly changed her mind.
Oh my, oh my,
that wind shot made me cry.
Now the whole world knows about this thing,
and you sure look guilty when you watch a white fat ring,
she's gotten some attorney.
To grab some of your energy,
a life will never be the same.
So next time you go and cheatin'
give me four year puts the needed,
she's saying the note it says okay.
Let them...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not fair, please not fair.
Ow, ow, she's there.
No.
1119.
That was a great bit.
At 560 WQI,
I kind of fit in with a man it's dropping,
I figured it all can fit together.
Well, I tried to jam it in.
Anyway, kidding fact,
I don't want to read this whole thing,
because it's too long,
I'm going to spend too many numbers,
and everything, and put people to sleep.
But Robert Perry says,
while that was the tone,
which I just read before about how Bush
wanted to get over it,
of coverage in these leading news outlets,
it's still a bit jarring to go outside the articles,
and read the actual results of the statewide review
of the 175,000 and 10 disputed ballots.
Full review, favors Gore.
The Washington Post and a Box on Page 10
showing that under all standards applied to the ballots,
Gore came out on top.
The New York Times graphic revealed the same outcome.
Earlier, less comprehensive ballot studies by the Miami Herald,
the anxious Herald in USA today,
had found that Bush and Gore split the four categories
of disputed ballots,
depending on what standard was applied,
assessing the ballots,
punched through chads,
hanging chads, et cetera,
Bush won under two standards and Gore under two.
The new folder study found that Gore won regardless
of which standard was applied,
anyone varying county judgments were factored in.
County fully punched chads and limited marks on optical ballots,
grow one by 115 votes.
With any dimpler optical mark,
grow one by 107 votes.
With one corner of a chad detached of any optical mark,
grow one by 60 votes,
applying the standards set by each county,
grow one by 171 votes.
The core finding of Gore's Florida victory
in the unofficial ballot might surprise many readers
who skimmed only the headlines
and the top paragraphs of the articles,
the headlines and leads highlighted
hypothetical partial recounts that supposedly favored Bush.
Very deeper in the stories,
or referenced in some heads,
was the fact that the new recount determined
that Gore was the winner's statewide,
even ignoring the butterfly ballot and other regularities,
that cost him thousands of votes.
I just mentioned that in passing for anybody out there
who really believes that George W. Bush won an election.
Some mining already.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's a fact,
and this is interesting because I guess I watched
two of these movies already from our earlier movie shows
last year.
Yeah, for one of it,
how we did them early in the summer.
You were asking for a one-up-screw movie,
you think everyone should see.
Well, my three are,
and that's okay, Randy,
because they're the way of the gun,
which is good.
Sexy Beast, which I have sitting in my other room there,
but I haven't watched yet, is that good?
I don't know.
And Brother.
They make a hell of a sewing machine
and a hell of a fax machine,
I got one sitting,
I got my brother sitting over here,
and I got my Sexy Beast in the other room.
What work did you want?
And you got your Sexy Beast hanging around there.
Yeah, he's sexy.
Got teeth.
So that's what the DJV,
whoever he has says,
thank you, so I put those three on there.
Might as well,
we're not getting any other ones for that list, right?
Plus, we better start building that list now,
because at noon,
you know where they're all going to go?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Don't know and don't care
But dirty man, Lee Harvey Oswald 26 don't have a clue 25 I'm a young punk what do I know?
But I'm a little bit 23
Lyndon Johnson 22 and Castro's got 20 I
Was speaking to Castro here's little Havana. What am I segue? Hello? What about health to scale there?
What about it? You think Charles Manson did it? Oh, you mean the movie? Yeah, right? You never know right?
Yeah, you never know all right, okay. Thank you. That is a good movie. He's right. You seen it. Yeah
Well, but that's that's perfect for this list. Do you want to know why why because it's fairly obscure
Not real obscure, but fairly obscure
It's not something like if you were listed in your hundred favorite movies somebody would say oh, help your scalder
It's right up there, right? Right
That's a perfect and that so rarely happens when we do these things, you know, mm-hmm
Because you know somebody's gonna call say oh, what about gone with the wind what about
Mutant on the bounty what about the godfather
Mutant on the counter the story of wolfies
5 6 7 0 5 60 you ever see that mutant yet the counter all the time I live in checky checky Patterson's in it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 so by the way, vulca Brian. Thanks for my jingle book. I got it
Came in a email my jingle book. Strib on all the jingles pans and pepper and pepper canner. What not that tenner?
So there we go you got irreversible executive action the way of the gun sexy beast brother and help her sculptor
Here's a call from Coral Geibels. Hello
Boy out your ass 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Sir I got one for you. Okay Brian and a day of K thing
One of the hobos is Woody Harrelson's father
Really? Yeah
man, it's true. Huh
Don't get choked up about it now
And another movie for you is vanishing point. I don't know if you know that one
That's one. Yeah, where he is
He's a desert driver around and you know
Don't crazy and leave on the whole thing. All right
That's an obscure movie
I'm gonna go out and get it right now
Thanks a lot palying to heal up real soon see he started mentions blurting something out like that right away
They started getting to him. You know that industrial complex the military industrial complex probably put the hose through it
Just like in the prisoner Patrick McGillen remember that yep
He got back to London and all of a sudden where they stuck the whole hose to him he got hoes
That was a good movie I saw this morning, but it's not the kind of movie our audience wants to see
I saw a little bit while I was sitting here babbling with you. I want to live with Susan Hayward
Oh, she that yeah, I saw a part of it. It's enough. What do you mean by that?
She wants she want an Oscar for that. I know it's just she got gas man
She got the gas and she didn't even do it
And I find it kind of almost amusing at the end of the movie they all get in the car as they drive away
And here's the like the fun music
He just got gas she didn't do it, baby. She didn't do it
And all the people are against capital punishment would say see there's a good example poor Susan Hayward
She'd still be with us today if it weren't for that damn gas chamber
No, and the one interesting thing that I thought I saw was the the whole thing with a gas chamber the mechanism in the way they used to
Do they still use that anywhere the gas chamber? Yeah, I don't know. I don't think so
I think it's strictly lethal
Injection now. I mean the electric chair was pretty damn brutal man
You know
Speaking of that
Sometimes they weren't like well fried like popping something the microwave and you have to put it back in again for another 45 seconds
They weren't we be fried. They weren't well done
Over the gas chamber they dropped the cylinder there in the water
Mm-hmm
And they show the whole long excruciating thing and then it starts the vapors, you know she gets me start like reaching in
You know is like somebody I know and then you start convulsing
Like that
So how's for all doing what time is this show on I you know I I don't know, but I just I wish the hell we'd come back down to earth for a while
You know
Do you think that this new deal we got now is gonna last for a how many days?
Huh you got the wrong attitude
No, we got the wrong management. That's what we got it's the mystery morning shows on QIC
It's the revolving sheer
27 past 11 at 560 WQM if your carpets look like hell if they need cleaning
You know what to do by now. I hope and pray call my good close personal friends and dry concepts for over 20 years
They've been making my carpets look just like brand new and they'll do the same for you
And of course with the holidays coming up
There's never a better time than right now to have your carpets clean eliminating the schmutz oil in germs
That is so deep into your carpets over the summer months dry concepts that's this standard by which everybody else must follow beautifying your home
Leaving your carpets sparkling clean vibrant and color soft with the hunch
And smelling lemony fresh they'd run just a couple of hours
You'll believe that somebody performed a miracle right on your floor and don't forget dry concepts
Is the same great work on your oriental rugs and drapery on your poultry all of these things
So if you want a fantastic job on the floor at a guaranteed written price right up front
This is the place to call they bring your carpets back to life just in tapin' holidays
So column toll free 1 800-248-5071
That's 1 800-248-5071 and you talk to our good friends at dry concepts as card can save 15 percent
I'm your next carpets cleaning too. Don't forget with dry concepts. You really can clean today entertain tonight
1 800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com
You're not in law. This is sports winning price.
It's you, where you at?
I'm here.
You and I went to the bar. We drank some whiskey from the jar. We got drunk all over town.
Then I asked you to go down your golf-tissed like a master but soon there
One disaster the booster went down easy. Now you're saying you're queasy.
It felt good just like it should but then it sunk because you were drunk you spilled your guts.
Puget on my nuts.
This drunk in horror is really wack. I looked down to see her last snack had come right back.
Puget on my sack.
Roy!
I thought I could get a decent hammer but dinner on my boner is a bummer.
Now my lap is full of crap cuz my monster take off your tonsils, fill your guts.
Puget on my nuts.
I was hoping for a decent BJ but now I am wearing Chinese buffet.
All my moans were getting louder now my lap looked like cranchotter, nasty slut.
You can have my nuts.
I should have held back my thrust. You lost your lunch. Now my lap had turned to disgust.
Puget on my nuts. Jump in all your lunch.
Puget on my nuts.
Oh! 26th till noon at 5.60 WDQM. Here's Mike from Cooper City says.
My vote for a must see obscure movie is the pawnbroker.
Okay.
Okay.
I never saw it. Never heard of it.
Rod's Tiger.
Yeah?
Oh that's right. I saw a piece of it.
I wouldn't say it's real obscure but fairly obscure I think is okay.
Good one Mike from Cooper City says.
It's a great movie with a great Rod's Tiger who's dead unfortunately.
God damn it.
He was so damn good you know what Rod's Tiger announced it was.
I'm like Johnny Cash.
Why never we'd like to all that much and now he's dead.
I don't care about that.
So what do they call you back in New York?
Pudy Tang.
No they don't call him that.
What is Pudy? It says for the poll Pudy Tang.
What the hell is that?
It's a movie.
Is it really?
Yeah.
I heard of it. Never saw it.
Are you sure?
Well get it on there.
It sounds pretty obscure to me.
No it's not.
Pudy Tang.
Pudy Tang.
Pudy Tang.
It's right up here.
It's why?
I've heard of it so it's not obscure.
No no it's it's obscure.
If I haven't heard of it and Georgian heard of it.
Well let's see. 2 out of 3.
I've heard of it.
I just said I could.
I just said I could.
Pudy Tang.
Pudy Tang.
Okay. Don't listen to Miguel.
Don't be influenced by...
He's still along all over that Castro thing
because he wished that JFK Jr.
would have said on his before he croaked in that plane.
Oh, Pedal Tang.
Then he might have even been a Kennedy fan but I doubt it.
Let's see.
Here's the fact.
Most of the people involved in doing the investigation
of the Kennedy assassination died mysteriously.
You are absolutely correct including Dorothy Killgown
and the lead detective, even Jack Ruby died mysteriously.
I believe we were told it was cancer.
That's right Jack Ruby was going to be interviewed
by Dorothy Killgown and his jail cell.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden like overnight he got cancer
and he died.
Like you know by being like that.
He died?
Yeah.
PS I like for Ellie was greatly into your show.
Don't listen to QM until 10 now it says from Gene.
Well I'm sorry Gene.
We like Joe Rose a lot but you know waiting for a lot of calls about that.
They happy with Joe Rose and they pissed off.
You know you can call about that if you want.
They ain't going to change nothing.
The little dog is there from now until the end of time.
I mean this at least is putting like a semblance of sanity back in there.
I'm not saying that we're happy that for all God can
we're never happy to see anybody get cancer.
It would one exception.
Absolutely.
Right.
Because on the day that that might happen.
Wow.
Let's see here great unknown movie Dangerous Beauty.
Ever hear that?
I've heard of it.
Never saw it.
Miguel you heard of it?
It's obscure.
No.
See there you go.
See Miguel is the litmus test.
If he heard of it it's probably not too.
Because what does he know?
Especially if it's in English.
He knows he to mama.
Tom Bien.
Isn't everybody wasn't that the one everybody's told me I should get
he to mama.
Tom Bien.
That's the one that everyone was telling you to get.
To mama.
Tom Bien.
Well there's George W.
Again picking his nose.
Members of both the house and the Senate to just support.
You know something more and more people.
I noticed Paul Begalla on Crossfire and little dying guests.
That show is now saying every every time he's on air about the president.
He's an embarrassment.
He's a moron.
It's no longer unacceptable to say it because it's so obvious.
In other words, others have candies like St.
Ted Kennedy's fat.
Right?
Audio to the insurance industry and the drug industry and the leaving of the seniors of a
hop.
He's a giant in the political field.
You know what?
Man.
119 people say they think that the military industrial complex was
responsible for the assassination of President Kennedy for 111 votes.
119 say the military industrial complex.
79 say the CIA.
Mafia 49.
Don't know and don't care.
32.
We know give a crap.
Okay.
You silly old man.
We Harvey Oswald is got.
BOT DERDEMAND.
Don't have a clue is got.
BOT DERDEMAND.
Lyndon Johnson 25.
I'm a young punk.
What do I know?
25.
And Castro is sucking windman.
He's in last place only 22.
How do you like that?
Emma Gelsa's that should be no surprise.
Castro always sucks.
So let's change the poll on there.
What do you say?
Okay.
Give Eric a nudge.
Hey Eric nudge nudge wink wink.
Don't call him.
He should be listening right now.
It's Monday.
He ain't got.
Yeah.
Faxima notes say change the damn poll already.
We got enough movies on there to get the other Turkey started.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Infraurizer Wireless Line.
What fairly obscure it.
It has to be like something nobody ever saw.
But what fairly obscure movie that most people
probably haven't seen, you think is a must see.
I mean something so sensational that you probably like would pee in your pants if you saw it.
Irreversible executive action way of the gun.
That's the Brad Pitt one, right?
Okay.
I guess.
No, I don't know.
The French, I mean the French could.
He looks like Brad Pitt.
Don't know.
Way of the gun?
Don't know.
I have it right in the other room.
But that French, anyway.
Tell me about it.
Sexy beast.
Brother.
Helper Skuller.
Vanishing Point.
Poodie Tang.
Can we say that?
Well, you just did.
And dangerous booty.
Be a beauty.
Dangerous Poodie.
Nothing worse than dangerous booty.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a couple movies for you.
Okay.
My own private eye to hope.
I thought that was very weak.
Weak.
I thought the end of it was like, I don't think it was obscure either.
Oh, it is.
Oh, come on.
For a kid's girl, that's not like a famous movie.
Are you kidnapsed because River Penis is in it.
I'm not a commercial for it.
How about King of Comedy?
Jerry Lewis.
Yes.
That's for a movie.
A rip-up game.
Huh?
Rupert Puffkin.
Yeah, King of Comedy is good.
That's a great movie.
That's before his face got all puffed up.
That's true.
Okay, thanks.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, I thought the ending of my own private eye to who was like, like, he's on the side of the road
like, okay, what now?
You know what I see it, but I saw ads everywhere.
It's in the videos.
You don't want to see it.
Good.
But she liked it.
She probably liked River Penis.
Wasn't it a fag movie anyway?
Yeah.
Or you wouldn't like that.
No.
Well, I don't know why you say that because there's one fag movie that you liked.
I can't think of what hell it is.
There's one fag.
Huh?
Neither.
No, there was one.
There was definitely one.
I always say it.
Oh, yeah, there was a good one.
And then if I say you ought to see a talented Mr. Ripley, oh, I'm not going to see that.
It's a fag movie, you know, but at the mad Damon in it.
Well, there's two strikes against it.
What's wrong with mad Damon?
What was that action movie?
It was so good that even you liked it.
It begins with a B.
Hello.
You know what I'm talking about.
I'm going to have to go together.
What is it?
Booty tank.
Yeah, it was Booty tank.
I don't know when you're talking about it.
You know, it was, and you saw it.
Did you see it?
I saw it.
It wasn't bad.
He didn't ruin it.
No, it was good.
And it was so, because it was, he was out of character.
He wasn't playing like some some ineffectual fag.
Like in the town of Mr. Ripley.
I'm telling you, it's a, it's a, it's a good movie.
I'll watch it on cable 3.
I've got a Gwyneth Palfros in it.
I ain't going to go reddit.
And the guy, what tells his name?
The British guy that's got heavy British accent, but doesn't have any accent in the movie.
What tells his name?
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, Jude Law.
Jude, Jude Law.
He's good.
Jude Law is a good actor.
He's in it.
Yeah, I'm telling you, it's good.
And you know who else is in it?
Well, not a very big part.
He's got a small part.
The guy that played the, the game show host in Magnolia.
Oh, that guy.
He plays a private dick who comes during the end of the movie.
He's got a small part.
He's got a small part.
Private.
19 till noon at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M.
Big, big, humongous news.
Not just the F.D.A.
in Miami, but how a Pontiac GMC has been voted the number one Pontiac GMC dealer in the
entire county in customer satisfaction in my close personal pizons, Tom Lehman and Joe
Priator and all the good people at hell.
I want to thank everybody for their loyal support, which has kept them going now 35 amazing years.
God, just think of all the other businesses that go out of business every week in day county.
People have been there 35 years.
Stop by Hellett now and check out the Pontiac vibe.
Normally, retail is for over 20 grand, but right now at Hellett, you can buy fully loaded for 16,
5 plus tax in tag.
Hellett should truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from, including the Yukon, the Ua-Kah on XL.
And coming soon in the new Onvway XUV, the most unique, the most amazing SUV on a market
today.
And of course, don't forget about those great needle deals that wait for you everyday at Hellett
Pontiac GMC because they're obsessed with me in the show.
They love me like you wouldn't believe you'll find them at one thirty four oh one soft Dixie highway
That's you us run across from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want more info on our special Neil Deals company or Rogers Neil Deals hotline say it again safe
Oh, God toll free at one trible eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one trible eight five three four forty two eleven
Keep in mind all offers some credit approval. See our friends at heliprole for all the tales
Halipondy at GMC who are professional grades
You're sports radio five six you a you a m
That's grab my junior honey
Vertic reached in the John Mahamidda trial go you know it's momentarily stand by
Sniper
Muhammad his trial set the start
He had people jumpy when they heard a
Monday morning when to get some ammo
Tuesday he goes shooting with his son
Wednesday they get busted by the
They found
Psycho
Eight or nine minutes we're gonna get the verdict. They're gonna be reading it. You ready? You got yourself
Strap in yeah, okay. Well, let's strap them both in. I'll only get the John Mahamid one first because the trowels are like
Simultaneous side by each but not together. Hey, don't forget
Four four four and that's the final total on our first pool today the new one is up
Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of president Kennedy the military industrial complex 126
The CIA 88 mafia 54 don't know and don't care 33 don't have a clue 33 maybe they can allope
Lee Harvey Oswald 31 Castro
27 he's moving up
I'm a young punk what do I know 27 and Lyndon Johnson 25 and of course he's dead
Movie very bad things oh the born identity is the one with the mad Damon okay. That's good movie
Okay, see so just because mad Damon's and it don't automatically say oh, well, I'm not gonna watch that
I'll watch it counted mr. Ripley is good. It's enjoyable. It's got like twist and turns into okay. You'd enjoy it
I'm telling even in spite of yourself. I'll watch it for free five cable when it comes around five six seven oh five
I want five five five sixty only AT&T line
Well, let's see now who the hell voted for sexy beast you didn't vote for that did you know not me? Oh, I didn't know it was up
They're already yeah, cuz I voted for executive action
So somebody sneaked in there with the vote maybe Miguel voted for sexy beast. He always had he was always fun to the beast
Dangerous beauties on their twice or maybe you know what?
Probably clearance voted for sexy beast. Well, yeah, why is dangerous beauty on her twice the Eric air center a lot of stress under a lot of pressure
He's bursting at the scenes
Here's the call from hi alia. Hello. Hey, a meal. Yes, sir
What is the half of you? I honestly don't remember the full title, but it was Marvin Aiden powers
It was a marlin rando and Maria Shiger and that's the movie that made Jack Valenti thought the
Waiting systems. Oh, you're talking about last last hangover in Paris last hangover
Well, I thought I'm scared movie
Well, okay, okay, and the other movie was the so the seller who fell from grace from the sea. Oh, yeah, that was with
Christmas opposite in Elizabeth Ashley, right
The other thing I think on your point about who assassinated Kennedy
uh from somebody who was around
That time myself. Yeah, and I worked I haven't worked for another government after I got out back from Vietnam
Did you ever consider putting
Jay I go over the FBI on that? Well, he he could have been in it. There no question about that hated the Kennedy's like poison
Well, I mean if you put him and and Jay and Lyndon Johnson together and Johnson's history in the Senate
I think you might have a much more viable
Like I said, it's
You've seen us how they're both same bud. Yeah, if see if they're both pushing the baby. So okay, thanks
Okay, we're listening to me since how they're both dead. Uh Jay and go Hoover man
Do you know that he's buried right next to Clyde Tulson? Yes, I did though that they're married side by each fact
Thanks. Yeah, right Jay and go Hoover of course was uh compounding fag files on all kinds of people and every other kind of sexual pecker dillow too
What a scumbag man, and yet we got the Jay and go Hoover justice building and Washington all this other crap
Well, you see there's another example of how the American public don't know to god damn truth
When is it gonna stop the people are gonna most people are just like scraping to get by you know what I mean
They got not that many they want to sleep eight hours today
They want to get laid a couple of times a week and they want to like have a couple of good meals and and uh
address their kids inside of the school and that's it
Clean up their dogs messing the living room
Who the hell has got time to be sitting and reading this and reading that or researching this who the hell's got time for that and that and that's what they capitalize on
I know you don't have time
So they're the average person out there. They don't know crap
Even the intelligence forget about the dumb ones of which you know 80 percent forget about them
Even people who want to know something that I can't find it out. They don't have time to be diddling with that
Jay and go Hoover my ass that they were that they were fixing the races for him and Clyde every time you go to the racetrack and and
I actually like to have a deal like that
Maybe I can call Dick Feinberg at Poppano Park and and every ticket that I
Have on a losing horse they'll refund my money, right? Do you know do you know that uh-huh air me losing ticket that Jay
Edgar Hoover had they used to give him his money back. Well, that's a hell of a bet
Talk about can't lose a win-win situation
man
What a scumbag what a crook?
What a goon boy? What a faggot. They used to do cross dressing what that's the what else in the name of that book
See now now we're getting into dangerous turtour because you know where I'm like oh jeez
What's the one that really tells it like it is about his cross dressing at that party and about the fact that he was a flaming
Fag and him and Clyde Tulson were boyfriends and everybody knew it
Oh somebody will know something. I mean you know we've talked about it a million times
But there's another classic example. How many people in the country you think I've read that book about
Maybe maybe at that
Here's a call from Lake Worth. Hello
Yes, sir. My obscure funny movie army of darkness George might know it
Oh, Bruce Campbell and like uh none of the above either obscure North
Well you like him. It's like the uh evil dead part three right but it's excellent. You'd love it. I can't believe you have a
Saw it and it's not excellent. Sorry. Okay. Okay. Thanks. I want it now. Wait a minute. I thought you said you
Just a man. How could you have seen it and you don't know about it? I didn't say I didn't know about it
I said I do know about it. It's not funny and it's not good. Well, what is it? Army of darkness
No, but what is it? It's a it's a the it's part three of the evil dead series and it's the worst of them all
Yeah, but he'd but he likes it. Well, that's great
We can put it on there just because it is obscure. Did you ever hear of him out of obscure?
Nope
He never get out of here. What do you mean it's not obscure?
Army of darkness sheltered guys if you went out on the street corner right now and you asked 20 people
You ever heard the army of darkness? They only reason
Is because it's so bad
What it never went anywhere and it was so bad. It was hyped highly, but it was so bad that no one saw it never heard him
All right, you watch. Let me okay. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah, hello
I never heard wait wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did you ever hear of army of darkness?
No, I never heard of that movie. See there you go. Go ahead sir. Hey, I got a
The island about tomorrow
Yeah, which version?
Well, I don't the first one whatever the woman Vincent Price
Dressed to kill
Dressed to kill wasn't an obscure movie with Michael Cain
Get out of here, you idiot
Whoo five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T
Angie Dickinson was in there for about five minutes Karen
Alan whatever it means now. Let me ask you something the kid that played her son
Was he the same one that was in Christine?
That's a good question
The goofy kid with those goofy glasses. I think it might have been
You remember you only miss that watch Christina million times because John stockwell is in it. I understand
Not yeah, you do understand
Oh, and of course he had I tried to remember what that happened and where he had some broken leg or something in there
Yeah, he's a hospital some broken leg right. Yeah, he broke it and then he and the hospital they were fixing it and I was watching it
5 6 7 0 5 60 army of darkness is on there. I don't know why he's high-ass this guy and he was obviously a movie expert
Yeah, right he didn't know
Another navy banana boat Julio never seen any movies except those two. Are you picking on the gal again?
He's seen the Castro files
Oh, wait a minute. I'm gonna keep my eye on this CNN thing because we want to break it right on the earth
I'm gonna let's break it 30 witnesses called how many
Good man
The beast is got seven putty tang is got seven this audience is into putty tang 24
That's too bad because we just can't for real
Executive action for the pawn broker to irreversible one. That's not how you spell irreversible. Okay, Eric
It's an eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye there's no a and irreversible. That was my bad
I'm sure oh, you're so eliterate walk on the radio even though you do know army of darkness
Dinger Speedy's got one vanishing point one.
None yet for Helders to go to the way the gun or a brother.
I just look for the way the gun.
I'm sure I saw that.
Didn't I?
I got it out there.
That's with that French kid.
Who?
Marcel Marcel.
Yeah, Marcel Marcel and Charlie Chaplin.
Pazimoto.
Final of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
We'll bring you the news first as a breaks.
We have our gene reserve and not we don't care about gene
reserve.
We want the news now.
Okay.
He's always going to be good.
What are you all are jumping about?
But that the judge has what he means going to be guilty.
We'll have to get on the year right now right away.
I don't want to break any moment.
Let's just talk.
Let's say first about how this ended up in Virginia in the first place.
And now we don't want to hear about that.
Okay.
What's early of Scare movie that most people probably haven't seen.
You think is a must see.
See, I want to read that over and over again.
So they have at least some little bit of an idea.
I mean, dress the kill.
Is that that's obscure?
No.
Didn't it win awards and whatnot?
Yeah, of course.
I mean, the kid that played the hurt.
Not that that's important.
No, but it's just a gift on that.
I mean that I think that's a he's a nerd.
Yeah, nerdy kid.
But he got better.
But he sure had a hell of a car.
Love him 56, four minutes.
So I wasn't that now.
What the hell was that?
What was the car?
What was Christine?
Was it a Dodge?
Choke a bride would know.
No, you know what I'm talking.
You don't.
Did you see that movie?
I saw the movie.
I can't name an old car just by the side of it.
Yeah, you can.
Not that a teabird.
Maybe now it was not no teabird.
I know, but I was ahead of teabird.
What was it?
But I was at a flim.
Might have been.
Bokamon's going to be ringing that photo.
Good question.
That is an excellent question.
What kind of a car?
I've seen a movie a whole bunch of times.
About third man.
It was like a red Dodge.
The Soro.
Plymouth Henry J.
Hey, don't be laughing at Henry J.
That was one hot car man.
That was they don't make a lot they used to and more ways than one.
You ever see Henry J?
No, but what do you know?
Three minutes till noon at five sixty WQM.
Imagine this.
Imagine zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee and
zero discounted points when you buy your next home.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an amazingly
low rate of just one point ninety five percent.
That's only seven hundred and thirty eight bucks a month if you have a two
hundred thousand out of loan and listen to this.
Once you refinance or get a new mortgage from a financial group, you'll
never ever.
Let me say it again.
Never pay closing costs again.
So call one eight hundred nine four o'lend grab yourself real financing power
with low rate mortgage.
You can move to your next property without any further cost or expense.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
Keep call one eight.
Have you heard?
Keep quarter was the nerd.
But that's that's him right?
Yeah.
Call one eight hundred nine four o'lend for details.
It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero
prepayment and penalty zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Run the fee for the fury.
Get fine.
I'm what I said was a plumber.
Yeah.
Get financing.
It's just one point ninety five percent.
Never pay closing costs again.
Call tool free one eight hundred nine four o'lend financial group one eight
hundred nine four o'lend either an equal housing lender restrictions apply rate
subject to change monthly five point one nine APR.
My and local.
This is for trade by city.
You a new a.
I am from a little and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from
jewels and listening to the near okay.
I'm going to be the hour.
The guy in.
For yeah.
Me too.
Hey kids, how would you like to go somewhere fun for vacation?
Yeah.
A place that's made for the whole family.
Yeah.
Well, get ready for Snoop Dogg's.
Doggy land.
I'm the brilliant ride by shooting.
And the low rider Mary go round.
This is so much fun.
Head over to ganglion for biggie smalls wild biggest limo run.
Check out Snoop Dogg's corn roll or custard.
Put your shooting skills to the test and try to ice a blood in a two-fought target range.
Every Tuesday is got to go to get in three day.
Ask about our golden platinum chain all day passes.
This is the best vacation in the whole world.
Yo, come ride the rides at doggy land.
That's where I sat.
Are you?
You know what I'm saying?
John Mahamma killed it all four counts.
Oh.
John Jeffrey Tuban just pointed out this was an incident, a series of weeks that terrorized
all of us.
Yeah, we know that.
We'll go back in a hiding.
Every time they feel there's something like significant coming on, they got to they
got to trot his bearded ass out there.
Oh, here's Wolf Blitzkrieg.
It must be pretty important.
There are the appraisers says obscure movie things to do in Denver when you're dead.
Okay.
I think I started Brian Greasy, didn't it?
Things to do in Denver when you're dead.
Well, put it on there.
I don't have no idea what that is.
I've heard of it.
It's the God's must be crazy.
Well, you know, that's the kind of thing.
Now that movie was on like at the in the Grove.
What else is that theater in the Grove?
Parker Playhouse.
I don't know.
Nah, one of those.
What do they show the artsy partsy stuff for like seven years in a row?
I give both of them put it on there.
Fairly obscure.
I don't think most people have seen it.
That must be crazy.
Because then they ran it for like a hundred years in a row.
Coke bottle.
It was at the what?
The movie with the Coke bottle falling from the sky.
Oh, you actually saw it?
Yeah.
Well, maybe we shouldn't put it on there.
But we will anyway.
We've got to build our list man.
Especially now that we got luck, that we got rushes on, maybe.
Let's rush to the radio.
Come on.
Let's pop a few rushes.
Pudetang 1460 beast eight.
I got that sit right in my pile of DVDs.
Executive action seven.
Vanishing point five.
The pawn broker with the great rod stagger three.
If irreversible's got a pier, dangerous beauty one, help her sculptor one, none yet for
the way the gun or brother out of 41 votes.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Neil, excellent obscure movie that came out in the 19th, early into 70s starring Bert
Lancaster and Elaine DeLond was called Scorpio.
And it was about the CIA or the intelligence organization where Bert Lancaster and Elaine
DeLond were supposed to do a last mission together and then Elaine DeLond was supposed
to assassinate Bert Lancaster.
Right.
I saw it was an excellent movie.
Excellent movie.
By the way, let me ask you, did you ever hear of Army of Darkness?
I forgot to ask him if he ever heard of Army of Darkness.
Did he ever hear of it?
Hey, sir, did you ever hear of it?
No.
See?
Get some non-speak, not old codger on the phone.
Well, that guy wasn't an old codger.
He said he never heard of it.
Like I said, non-speak, non-old codger.
Have you know, he was a speck?
Please.
Get out of town, man.
All he said was, yeah.
And right off the batty's a speck.
So the jury is breaking for lunch.
I wonder who's catering.
Should we know these things?
See, I think we need to know a lot more about this stuff.
Like Lacey Peterson, what was her last meal?
Only Scott knows, for sure.
Don't we know the contents of John Van A's stomach?
That's a good question.
Because that was relevant to the case.
Come on, you better get with it, Mr.
You're starting to lose it.
Talk about old man.
Don't you remember all the discussion about that and Hannah, how about what's her name?
How about what that was her name?
Oh, Jay's wife, Nicole.
Nicole, see, you're missing about John Van A and I'm losing with Nicole.
Well, I guess John Van A was a little bit too young for all of us.
Most of us.
Except maybe Miguel.
But at any rate, Nicole, and that was because of the ice cream, right?
Right.
We had to find out what flavor it was and what was Hogan does and not where it was
been in Jersey.
It was Hogan's.
And then they had that whole, that was a big part of the trial about, you know, which
ice cream, how long does it last before it melts and it was sitting there on the thing
and it had how long it she had it?
Oh, God.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
How can we forget?
How can we forget?
In the meantime, he's still on her plane golf.
A-O-J, we want your ass on the electric chair before noon tomorrow.
Okay, we're all going to come up.
We're going to line up and I'll come back for that.
I'll come back to pull the switch.
Believe me.
You miserable murdering son of a bitch, you.
God, what a pile of crap.
Maybe while the anarchists are in town, we can use the whole thing.
Yeah, well, all you FTA people, while you're in town on your lunch break, maybe you want
to go down here and have lunch with OJ, okay?
Ask them a few tough questions or maybe take them back to the West Coast.
And I'm not talking about Florida with a banjo on his knee.
How much do you think that the gold ones that got into Brown's from that civil suit?
Eight bucks.
Zipity, dude.
Uh-huh.
Zipity, dude.
Uh-huh.
OJ.
Okay.
But he sure seems to be living a lavish lifestyle with Christy Prody all over the place
and creating all kinds of stir.
As he George W. there would just finger up his nose.
I wonder what OJ's got up his nose.
Here's somebody that'll say, still pissed off in sunrise for the movie, Paul.
It says, how about waking life?
That's the perfect movie for South Florida, especially in sunrise.
And howlanddale, waking life.
Never heard of it.
Let's be great.
Well, put it.
Now what does that mean?
What?
Typing it as we speak.
But why do you say it must be?
Oh, not Don Juan de Marco is not an obscure movie.
No, you're good, right?
Right.
It was bad.
And so is the other one they put on there.
Moon over Peridor.
Oh.
Phil and Carl Springs.
Well, he liked it.
We're not asking you if you liked it.
Don Juan de Marco.
I'm not gonna put it on there because it's not a sort of those are obscure or good.
Moon over Peridor, I never heard of.
Do you ever hear it, Miguel?
No.
No.
See?
Two out of three.
You lose.
You lose.
You lose.
You lose.
You don't have to be heard of any of these.
That's why I'm using him.
I'm glad he's there this week because he's an excellent.
He wouldn't know about the godfather except for this show.
Nobody knows about Scarface.
Of course.
Because there's Cubans in it.
I don't like police.
Pooley Tangs got 19.
Look at that.
The understanding most popular movie is going to win.
The least obscure movie is gonna win this poll.
What do you mean by that?
The least obscure movie on the police team.
The one that's going to win.
Yes.
I never heard of it.
Who's in it?
It's a black movie.
I don't hear about no dark movies.
I heard a black.
We were talking about it at the time.
Is it a black's blockation movie?
No.
Nothing good about that.
Then who do I want to see it?
Black people.
There's nobody in it who we would know.
No Denzel Washington.
Nobody out there.
I can't see two pops in it.
I don't see it.
Are we putting no more sand or on there?
What?
Are we probably a song of blood?
Yes.
People deserve to have their stuff on there.
We're trying to build a list.
We have a respective list on there.
Some people vote on there.
Not to try to narrow a down to four choices.
It's pointless.
What's the point, man?
You still have to learn.
You're still pooled poor.
You're still not a pool-experier.
You still have a lot to do.
I understand the question.
Work on your pool, man.
I'm working on it now.
I bet you are.
Myers was pumping gas in Manassas when he was shot.
There are questions about both aspects of the charges against Muhammad.
Just fries ass and quit this graph.
There are questions about this.
A couple of the lowest low-life scumbags.
And when that email voli, you know what they're going to be doing at will?
He's only 17 years old.
He was brainwashed.
You know what?
Too bad.
Fries ass.
Plus he's a Jamaican.
Yamans.
We don't like a lot of those Jamaican attitudes.
Yamans.
They're just a fries ass.
Just trying to set the record straight.
And what else?
Let's try Jamaican woman on there with him.
There's a thing sitter in the middle.
You know, to make it any crazy.
No, seriously, because I don't like that impurious attitude.
I don't like being talked down to by people who, you know, got an IQ about what's inside of my thumb.
I don't like being talked down to.
Like you've got such hot, you've got such hot stuff, man.
You know?
All of the people who have the hot stuff.
Hey, speaking of a hot time in the old town tonight,
fat rich will probably be at Pompadot Park.
Pungent is brains off this week.
And he ought to be two.
It's the 40th anniversary season of Great Harness Racing at Pompadot Park.
Hey, Eric Adele, you're doing it, baby.
And everybody should always remember that man doesn't live by bread alone.
And what better way to relax after a hard day at work on a Wednesday than to stop at Pompadot Park
to watch him wager on some fans' horses, play a few hands of poker, enjoy free general parking at a mission,
and save bucks because it's dollar night every Wednesday at the track for draft beer, sodas, hot dogs, and hang with the hooter girls.
The hooter's girls, that's right.
Airby Wednesday, to the next month, the hooter's girls will be at Pompadot Park for dollar night,
helping serve draft beer and sodas and meeting racing fans.
I wonder what they're going to do for dollar.
In addition to the hooter's girls, post-time for the Harness races is 705 PM, and the poker room is open
from noon to midnight every live racing day, which is four nights a week every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
I see even Mickey McNickle, one of a couple of races the other night.
Hey, Mickey, you still stink.
Pompadot Park opens seven days a night a week for the best and silent casting.
Harness, Thurberton, Highlight Action, from all across North America, for you to watch and punch your guts on.
You won't have a really good time.
This is the place.
And look out for that couple that was sitting down by me, maybe they'll invite you, even just to watch.
Pompadot Park, a blotzer, oh, I sure would.
A blotzer at the landing full of hard on Powerline Road for the new race schedule, 954-972-2000, or go on the web at Pompadot Park.com.
Don't forget post-time tonight for the first live race, 705, and every Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, what is it?
Saturday?
No, every Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, now you sound like Apollonian. Look what happened to her.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday at Pompadot Park.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my my, my, my my, my Yourpiano, awesome, your
got ten. Now, Bokka Brian says, by the way, thanks for the Bokka again, Bokka Brian.
Charlie. Charlie was fairly of a street. That was a great movie. I thought a hundred
years ago, but yeah, it was all right. And it was in it. Clip Robertson.
Clip Robertson, very good. That's absolutely correct. It was Slip Robertson. How to set
out a mind, huh? Was it really? I was just shooting in the dark. No, that was it. And
wild in the streets. Okay. You seen it? Never heard of it. Never heard of it either. Well,
let's see. Ed and Ford Lauderdale says, the movie undercover brother was recent, but
fairly obscure. A good comedy about him, but, but, same time, his poody tang. You know,
I think we're wrong about that Charlie thing. Why is that? Clip Robertson played Charlie
and Flowers for Aldrin on it. And that's, I think that's what we're both thinking of.
What? Am I going to have to get my book? Yeah, I think you're going to. Oh, I can go
on IMDB. I'm already there. No, I'd rather pick up my 600 pound book. It's good exercise.
Here's one. Here's Dr.. Can you hear me here? A movie called Dr.? Yeah. You did? Yeah.
Well, that's what I opened to. Is that good? I don't know. I heard of it. Never saw it. It was good.
We could put on list. Let's see. Charlie Chan and Paris, Charlie and the angel, Charles and Lucy,
Charles, a Lucy. What? I must have been in Latin. Charles and Diana. I'll get back to
it. Diana. And by the way, Charlie put your, you're a, killed back on. See, that's why he
wears kilts for a quick, uh, uh, assess. That's bagged. What am I looking for? Charlie. Right.
Uh, Charlemagne. Charles did a rely on it. How come I can't find it?
Mm-hmm. Charlie Bravo, Charlie Chan, Charlie's aunt. Charlie Brown. This book sucks. Am I
spelling it wrong? How do I mean? I'm going to take my other book and enter.
This book is this video, how golden retriever book. With all due respect to my late golden
retriever and all others, which are great dogs at book blows. What a high M. D. So I have
to go to the other. In fact, whistle of tune.
Wonder what year it was. What year was it? Charlie. I got my book. There's like a million
movies there named Charlie. Here's the ceremony. Christine. Oh, Charlie with a Y.
Christine. How do you like that? starring Keith Gordon. John Stockwell, Alexandra Paul. Yoddy,
yoddy, yoddy. Does it mention the car in here? Oh, yeah, 1958 Plymouth.
It says off the page in 1958 Plymouth is no more scary than the St. Bernard which romped through
Kujo. What? What does that mean? Kujo wouldn't move about a St. Bernard. I know that, but what does
that mean? They wrote Stephen King stories. Characters. A charisma must be getting close, right?
Charlie bubbles. Chariots of fire. Charlotte's web. Charlie's angels. There is no god damn Charlie.
Charlie with a Y apparently. You know something. This is making everything what it's with because
there's no Charlie. And guess what? What? It was Cliff Robertson. I know it was Cliff Robertson,
but why isn't in here? Because it's Charlie with a Y. I found it on IMD. I'm telling you,
it's not in here. The only thing there's Charlie one eye. Okay. Charlie one eye. I think it was brown.
Charles Mingus. Triumph of the underdog. Charles Dickens. David Copperfield. Charles dead
of alive. Charles in charge. I just made that up. Charlie's angels. It's the sun in here.
Now how's that possible? I don't know. I got it. I got it. I got two books that got every movie that's
ever been made including every private porn movie that's ever been made. Well, there are no IMDb.
Damn it. Okay, so we wasted all that time we already knew who it was. Now here's this fact that
it says reservoir dogs with Harvey Critella. I thought an obscure movie. I was going to say nothing.
But a thought an obscure movie. Neither's the other one they have on there. And something wild with
Melanie Griffith and Ray Leot is also not an obscure movie. So DP whoever you are, no.
Thanks for the effort, but the answer is no chance.
Man, I thought we'd have like a thousand of these. By the way, John Mahamid, Gildi and all four
charges. We knew that. And when I come back from a tremendous lunch, the jury then they're going to
listen to the all the other OG. Well, he never stole a freight train and Yadda Yadda fries ass. Okay,
we wanted our god then never do it. In fact, they're not going to show the Reagans put that on
our own CBS. Get the ratings up again. Okay, everyone can agree on that. Tom Jicke had the most
ridiculous column. And he's not the only one who wrote this crap about, wow, you know, just be glad
that the Reagan thing didn't hear because it was so one side. And you see, Tom is one of those
Republicans in a closet. Really, I'm sure believes that Reagan was a great president. And that we
should all be looking Reagan's ass because he's 92 and had Alzheimer's for 40 years and has been
dying. Well, he might live for like another 10 years with that. Who now knows that keeps saying,
well, he's in the final stages of Alzheimer's. It doesn't recognize Nancy. And he's pretty happy
about that last part, by the way. But I mean, he's 92. How many of us are going to live to be 92?
But third, man. Right, Ma? How many? What do you like? 90. How many of us are going to live to be 92?
Humma. Now, actually, she's doing a little bit better. Her blood pressure is 700 over 699. But at any rate,
of course, that's with her arm deep inside her. Well, she's tried to like help it along.
So it's biased and her one side, it made him look like a goofball, like a homophobic, all the things
that he really was. I say right on. And as far as Barbara Strysthan's concerned, shut up, bitch.
I am so tired of her, man. Even though, you know, her politics are the same as why I'm big deal. Great.
Shut the hell up. Don't help. So James Brolin was in her husband. Great. That's fine. He's a good actor.
And maybe he can't get up to make it even look. That's fine. We're entitled to see a John Disview of
this Asinal right-wing Melunatic. He's a crack. He had John Dis too. He had John Dis. In fact,
the, yeah, he has the yellow plague. Get rid of him. And Tom Jikker writes, wow, that's so one side
it. And it's a good thing. It was not a good thing. It's never a good thing when people are pressured
in and not showing something. There have been plenty of, of biased John Dis. I'd,
the things on here about the Kennedies and lots of other people. And nobody ever screamed about that.
In fact, asking a federal judge to let him make unsupervised trips to his parents' house.
Can you believe that? They're doing a John Hinckley story just so I was talking about Ronnie Rage
Gunn again. Wow. And poor James Brady. So we got bad lieutenant Scorpion. I'm trying to make
sure we have all these names on the list here. Pudy Tang on the figure that I'm going to catch is
Scorpion. What did I say? Scorpion? I don't know. I'm just, because I never heard of it.
No, it's Scorpio. Okay. You never saw that? What do you think? Should we let John Hinckley out?
No. Just once in a while. And don't say anything, please. We don't need the secret service.
Here's a four-letter deal. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Pretty good, sir.
I, a conflict orange.
I needed a real good laugh in the middle of my Monday. Always good to start out the week with a real good
chuckle. Yeah, clockwork orange is pretty obscure, right? Yeah. What the hell was that all about?
Man, that sounded like a Reverend Schwartz or somebody out on the who the hell that was. Some idiot.
Yeah, clockwork orange is pretty obscure. I got another good one too. Yeah.
You ready? I'm ready. Strap yourself in. I'm locked. Song of the South.
They're never going to see that though, aren't they? No, they're not. Although I know
someone who has a pirate company. Who like copying? Oh, no, we can't do that. Don't be doing that. I'm going to distribute it.
27 past noon is 560. Remus. Remus. Remus.
Remus. How about you? I bet you're remus. It's not a dial, Mattress.
You know, the mattress industry is full of phony claims and shell games, but those of us who are smart,
like Frato, we sleep on a mattress and dial a mattress, even George is doing an end Miguel. Look at
this. This is three for three. We're batting the thousand. All three of us are sleeping on a mattress
and dial a mattress. Bokka, Brian, sleep at on one, even Fat Boy sleep on like an extra king and queen
sewn together. And because dial a mattress doesn't play any games, they go all the top brands in
a world. This comp prices every day on them now, even including Sterns and Foster Hewitt. And when
you call 1-800 mattress, you still get that fantastic service. You pick the day in time for delivery
when it's convenient for your ass. Any two hour window seven days a week from 8 in the morning
till 10 at night, on a sales practice is fantastic, unbeatable service every day low prices,
same day delivery and free setup and removal. So it's easy to see with all of these things
like dial a mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction. So don't get sucked
in by those ads and embedding in the furniture stores because they can't match even come close
to the great deal you get all the way around from dial a mattress. If the old mattress is lumpy
and bumpy and worn out, do yourself and your back a big favor, get a great night sleep for a
year is to come to smart the inexpensive way by calling dial a mattress. 1-800 mattress,
1-800-MATTRES or online it's mattress.com.
5-6-560, 3-6-0-Yourz, Q-M!
If my Andy Towns have 560 WQ-M!
Coming at tonight, on inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story,
we blow the lid off one of the music industry's most shameful secrets. What really went on at
C and C music factory. Oh man it was brutal! An abused assembly line employee,
whom we'll call simply, Herbie remembers the working conditions at C and C music factory.
Every two f**king seconds that f**king horrible woman's voice comes over to PA.
And believe me, we were supposed to get moving or sh** hand a s**t out of f**king water.
Workers at C and C music factory were expected to pump out 120 beats per minute, 11 hours a day,
until someone came up with a hit song. Noreen Payne was the shrill demanding voice which
strove them on. But Noreen has deep regrets about the way the workers were treated.
But the aptly titled, Gunna Make You Sweat, was not the only hit that C and C music factory produce.
Oh that piece of s**t, my best friend had to die to make that crappy song.
Herbie recalls the day, things that make you go, hmm, was produced.
For a little Sammy, he got caught in a sampling loop on the synthesizer belt and he,
oh it was blood everywhere. He was a simple man, he just wanted to buy food and clothing for his
wife and their 14 disabled children. Oh god, I hope you're happy out there,
knowing a good man died so you could listen to a f**king damn song. You bastard!
The C and C music factory, people getting paid next to nothing to turn out a useless piece of crap.
Not that different from your job really is it? It's a big juicy,
stuffing wet look at your business tonight on Inside the Blind. You can say that again,
12.33.560, you know, I don't know if you recall when John Hinkley probably not,
when he had these sanity hearings to see if he could be like tried like as the same person.
I remember the event. You know how they knew he was crazy? I give up.
He had the hot fridoty foster.
That's right, it was all done. That's right for that old d**k. Anyway, here's a couple of good
f**ks as I think. Mussy obscure movies. The Magic Christian with Peter Sellers and Ringo
Star. Never heard of it. Neither boy. Where's that? Where can I get it? Oh, let's find the Magic Christian.
You've given a dirty look and poofy just disappears. Wouldn't that be great? And Putney Swope.
I've heard of that but I never said it's great sat there, the advertising business,
starring nobody I ever heard of at the time. Nor can I remember now. Nice job, Mike W.
And also, Jeremy Boney Springs is always a good f**k. You say?
And I actually heard of this movie. I didn't see it. I'd like to suggest the swimmer.
A very obscure movie released in 68 starred Bert Lankaster and Janis Rural directed by Sydney Polock
Apollock and Frank Perry. I don't think it was obscure. I never saw it.
Oh, come on. The swimmer. It's on cable all the time. Do you ever see him again?
Why are you asking him? He hasn't seen anything. Well, that's the idea. It was from a short story
by John Chiever who was probably kin to Jerry Chievers. He used to be Goli for the Rochester Amherst
in the Toronto Maple Leafs. The only reason I saw this film is because it was the second
feature with Wait Until Dark at a Drive-In Theater. It's about an insane man, Lankaster,
swimming home through all the swimming pools in his county and all the people he meets along
the way. A fabulous movie says Jerry. It's fabulous. I heard it was good. The swimmer with
Bert Lankaster. It was a great actor and now he's dead. Damn it. Jesus, what is it going to stop
already? You know what? Oh, let's see. Gildy on all four counts.
Great mom, great wife, great sisters. She helped so many people. Oh, well, we don't want to hear
all this song in advance. And I wonder, what is that? You know about the people that he killed
and all this stuff? That's wonderful. We know it's a sad and tragic and they were great, but
they're still dead. You know, what is that? That's news. You know, this is something that's happened
in the last big news. Since we since the advent of like CNN and MSNBC and Fox and ESPN,
all the news and sports channels now everybody's got a microphone stuck in their post. You
notice that? Yeah. I mean, years ago, they would play a ball game and they might have baseball,
hockey game, football, and that would be it. You know, and then you'd see like some highlights
later on the sports cast on the news now because they got all these hours to fill up everybody
right after the game. Okay, here's the coach. Here's a couple of other players. They're sitting down
or like they got the big microphones and say, what is that? Ted is players, you know?
Well, I thought I had a really good forehand. In fact, that's what pushed it in at the nose pick
and so we had a good forehand. Well, what is that all about? Everybody's got a forum now,
you know? Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, too much, too much bullcrap. Poo-D-Tang has got 26 votes.
What fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen, you think is a must-see. Poo-D-Tang
26, executive action, 11. This is a good week to get executive action because it's going to be the 40th
anniversary Saturday of the assassination of President Kennedy November 22. Helter also
Bert Lancaster, Helter Skeleton 9, sexy beast 9, pawn broker 8, the gods must be crazy 8,
vanishing point 8. Irreversible 5, we're here to gun 5. That's a good movie. Moon over,
Peridor 5, Bad Lieutenant 4. What else is on there? Things to do in Denver when your
dead's got three. Bad Lieutenant 5, very bad things three. Army of darkness three, say,
Scorpio 2, dangerous beauty one, walking life one, zero for brother Charlie and wildness
three. It's out of 113. They just went on there, right? It's supposed to be waking light.
What does it say on there? Waking, walking. How about the fourth man in liquid sky? It says
PS Howard David, where's a douchebag? Absolutely. What about those two? Fourth man in liquid sky.
What do you say? Part of them never saw them. Okay, good. Put them on there. Strangers out of train
help at Hitchcock movie. Very good movie. Is it obscure? No, I think you heard of it. Not to me.
I've seen most of the Hitchcock's including that one. Well, I'm not see everything is with
to you to you. You start to sound like you look like you have a we have a big no, but you're right.
Big ego my ass. Maybe a big ass but not a big ego. You're what I mean.
Strangers out of train Hitchcock. I don't know. That's reading out of obscure movie.
That's what I was saying. But this one is relatively as DP tries again. I want out of two
eight to good. A boy in his dog, Don Johnson. You're right. That shouldn't be. That shouldn't be.
That could be the definitive movie that we're looking for. What was the other one that I called for
earlier or that said was a hälter scalder. That was good. And this one's very good to a boy in his
dog. That's exactly what's here. No, it shouldn't be, but nobody knows what it is. Don Johnson,
when he was young and hung and Jason Robards is great. Best punch line ever.
Sure love Jason Robards man. He was so every time they used to talk in the olden days,
100 years ago about who was the greatest actor of them all. It always used to be their
hell-hobruc Jason Robards and it was somebody else that we owe and was in Harrison Ford. I don't
know. They would throw them all in there. Oh no, I'm not Harrison. A gene hack man. Those three.
Okay, that's pretty good. The trio when you say. Yeah. Gene Hackman. Albert Finney. Peter Finch.
Here's one that says I was going to suggest either running on empty probably River Penis's best
movie or run lowly run, but I love the doctor. How do you like that? I just came across that
and the other thing. Psychic. The doctor. It starts William Hurts. William Hurts a great actor.
Yes he is. Wasn't William Hurts in Sleeping with the Enemy?
Who played Julia Roberts husband in Sleeping with the Enemy? It wasn't him. I forget the
guy's name, but it wasn't him. He's been in a bunch of movies. I don't know his name right off.
I'll find it before you do. So help me God. Now that's gotta be it. No, don't do that because it
takes all the fun away. Anybody can go online and find stuff real quick. It's more fun with the old
fashion the way in a book. Sleeping with the Enemy starring Patrick Bergen. That's him.
That's him? Yeah. I don't even know who the hell that is. I mean I can see him. He's a great actor.
Excellent actor. Kevin Anderson. But Julia Roberts. Also a good ending. She was on what
tells that movie that I like that you probably don't like? Is it the Pelican Brief? I don't know
Julia Roberts. What is wrong with you man? I don't like Pelican movies. Oh.
So what are we gonna do with these running on empty or run low or run and the doctor? Let's put
them all on there. William Hurts is a doctor. He gets throat cancer. I have to find out first to
hand how badly patients are treated by the doctors. Very strange. Be very good. That sounds right
up our alley because we're not too big on doctors. An issue because most doctors are butchers man.
They suck. They're neurotic. They pop a lot of pills. I'll figure that rushes back on
and they played a little bit of the audio from his return to the air today and well I tried twice
on my own but it's that we can't do it then. We have a lot of fun. Plint and Kilo. Those people,
you know, same old crap. No change. No change. No humility. Just the same old bag of wind, you know.
Which is just what you expect, right? No, I expect it to be tight. Right. Right. One of my favorite
movies of all time waiting for Guffman. It says it's obscure but it's a must see. Most people who
watch it will get a chuckle but it only hits home if you've been involved in any aspect of acting
or theater, especially community theater. All the stereotypes are brilliant and conceiving
executed, especially Fred Willeard. Waiting for Guffman. What do you say? Let's put it on. I put it
on there. Waiting for Gido. Waiting for Guffman. Waiting to do the break. 1242. Wait no longer.
Pick up that phone and call fast train and get yourself a life in a career. You know, I mean,
you can go out there and flip hamburgers for a minimum wage or you can do like Miguel and sit
around and just, you know, the only freebies you get are like a little squeeze with the arena
every once in a while. But if you want a real paycheck, here's the answer for you. Call fast train.
One, eight, six, six, fast train because in just four short months, you can be fully trained and ready
for a great new career. Either as a computer network professional or a high-paying medical
computer specialist, four months out of your life, piece of cake, and you can finally get a big
fat paycheck and a life and be a mensch. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes,
job placement assistants, financial aid to people who qualify as well. And with four soft-flow
locations it just makes sense. Even Todd Dreck, who can count that high, I think. Even he knows
that with four locations there's about to be one in soft-flowed at close by you. So call fast train
today and the change your life. Pick up the phone and call toll free 1-866 fast train. If you
like and check out out on the web first at fast train.com, but make that call could be one of the most
important ones you'll ever make. Fast train at one, eight, six, six, fast train.
Because of pressure from the Republican Party, the CBS Many Series, the Reagans, will not be
shown. So check out our new lineup tonight on CBS. And eight o'clock, it's been show about nothing
starring the Secretary of Defense. It's run fell. Why do they call on their relatives?
There are no co-op old wrinkles. And hoodies to deal with this craft farm. Sounds like a
horse even with Mr. Butler. Run fell. Tonight at eight. Followed by everybody. Love Reagan.
Get a stick and judging cheating. Tonight on CDF.
1246 speaking of aluminum takes you're going to love this. Not. President George Boishan-Toni
Blair have agreed an exit strategy for pulling out of Iraq officially ending the occupation next year
while committing troops to the region until 2006. Huh?
In a move to add off growing criticism that the security situation in Iraq is spiraling out of
control and that moves the greater political autonomy for the Iraqis need to be accelerated.
The two leaders will make the blueprint the centerpiece of the discussions during Bush's day
visit of Britain this week while the Brits are going in through a spotted dick at the president.
So let me understand this. Yes, we're pulling out, but the troops are right. Huh?
When and now we're pulling it out. What what are we pulling out?
Officially ending the occupation next year while committing troops to the region until 2006.
What sounds to me like at least a little more than two more years or like depending on when in 2006
like January like in December what you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah.
In other words they're trying to like say face is more and more people are dying every day over there
as more and more people are getting on to them and as more and more it spirals out of control with a
guerrilla war that going on. In other words they're just going to change the label. Oh and by the way
the electricity's off and bagged it I think you should know that not that anyone's there.
Oh, boring me. Yeah, okay. Let's see why in areas of the Iraqi capital without electric power
starting this morning I don't know they're not telling us whether it's back on or not. What does that
have to do with that culture? That's true. Oh yeah I'll get to that. Although maybe I won't get to it
today maybe I'll have to wait for the moment. Oh, this is a couple of stories I missed last week
and of course that's because I was sidetracked because we had all the for our business going on so
we missed a lot of really important more important stuff. U.S troops opened fire on a truck hearing
live chickens near the 10th town of Fallujah killing five civilians aboard the vehicle including
a father and his two sons relatives said last two Wednesday. That ain't funny I don't know why I'm laughing.
The shooting took place at a roadblock Tuesday night they sent Fallujah's the set of numerous anti-mercantants
and U.S. soldiers have been on high alert they went to bring chickens and they came back at nine
or ten of nights at Khalifa Al-Jumayli whose two nephews were killed on the truck the Americans fired on
them. Well they had no comment the U.S. Also same day U.S. troops opened fire accidentally on a
car carrying a member of the Iraq governing council the Iraq administration said last Wednesday
the council members gave injury but the driver was injured. U.S. officials issued a statement saying
they expressed regret over the shooting and apologizing to the cleric who was traveling with them.
Sorry father. So there you go that other thing about the bushing
Blair comes from the guardian on the limits from the bird papers. Okay getting back to the
movies here's a thanks that says how about Breaker Moranth what yeah great classic movie about the
Boer War and a political incident and Australian movie with worldwide distribution on my personal
top 10 never heard of it did you yeah I saw it was it good it was good although a little bit slow
pace if you know what I mean they liked it Breaker Moranth and also it says are you sure army of
darkness is not heart of darkness are you sure huh I'm sure we were having a discussion with the
guy he seemed pretty clear on which one he seemed pretty sure in fact all the people said they
haven't heard about army of darkness did not say heart of darkness so let's see build a one doesn't
hate George and for Lauderdale says there are directly interpretive results that the conclusion of
this poll the winning movie would not be the one with the most votes but rather the one with the least
it stands the reason that the more votes the movie receives the less obscure now let's see Bill
let me let me draw you a diaphragm okay we're not asking which of these movies is the most obscure
we're asking which fairly obscure movie did you like the best was like a must see highly recommend
you got an outbuild okay we'll work on it send him over to telegram all this thing is getting me
pissed off because I how do I change my home page back it's one thing I don't know how to do
go to options what options where
white options right otherwise see options are you crazy hey I'll guide you through we can do
this on the earth will be fun okay well I got to get it done now I don't want to look at this thing
tools you mine your own business internet options yeah and then it's right there homepage just
typing what you want it to be okay
okay thanks all right here's two movies that says that were of skewers a brosky point and
cruising without patina was obscure I didn't think so it was gay since after it came out it was
never released again that's because it was such a homophobic obnoxious piece of third and even he's
embarrassed that he made the movie and that it was like the totally misunderstood but that wasn't
obscure but zibrasky point what's the point I've never heard that no plus I never heard George talk
about cart man doing put the lotion and the basket from south park well then he's not listening
close enough yeah it puts the lotion in the basket so what does that mean nothing we mentioned
it when it was on when I was filling in something in passing he out he missed it okay not that big of a deal
like it no not really okay you look the old people the last episode a burrn art architect a
perilously on hinge John Cassavetes he was a great actor remember him yes that complexion
tries to get away from it all and he seemingly idyllic recap on this extremely loose lend
that adaptation of Shakespeare's play tempest in a peep on this pleasantly rambling portrayal of
the middle age craze this is rather broad even by writer director paul mazer skis estimable standards
well this is a some real intellectual here popping out of a book but Cassavetes hold on
predictable performance keeps the considerable preciousness remember getting too thick oh I don't
like it when they're too thick he's aided by a uniformly wonderful cast including Gina Rowland Susan
surrounded Molly Ringwald especially Raul Julia as he came dwelling whacked out let's
have a go-therter this is from the Palm Beach troublemaker so tempest let's get that under you got it
I got it it was how about the movie swingers never so it says it's not about your age it stars Vince
Vaughn and John Pharaoh Farvo Miguel size not obscure swingers it's not now you tell me I've
put it in there what does he you don't know you wouldn't know obscure if you don't hurt of it then
it's must be made no no no I don't think you want to hear what you still wouldn't know
Tony tanks got 32 the gods must be crazy he's got 16 which they showed that what the house that
arcy fartsy theater used to have in a grove oh christ i don't know let's all rocky horror there now
right they had exactly they showed that for like 20 years every night at midnight I want to say
some sort of a playhouse was it the coconut grove playhouse there's nothing to bend now
maybe it was I don't know ask or what's his name that queen uh you know that no review out
what that was his name again five six seven oh five sixty he was built costwards good friend
rest in peace boy I want to shame that is you know it oh man that was the worst death
in all of south florida because he was a young guy it was a great guy and he was like young we didn't
even know he had diabetes so any of you people out there that are fat they're like I
verge of diabetic every time you're going to put that next mouthful of carbon hydrates in your
post think about bill cost for it diabetic well he must have been like early 30s when you say
right that at least mid 30s great guy former movie reviewer and uh general all around good guy
for the herald see they actually have been good people work for the herald uh Howard Kleinberg
I don't think he is under payroll anymore nice going Howard here's a call from New York hello
hello yes sir yes uh I got one the dualists the dualists yeah really like the first movie who was it
really Scott with Harvey I tell one of the caretakers right okay great movie okay we got it down
battle of algears yeah let's go on how well how many you got about a hundred
man just one more go ahead heavenly creatures okay thanks he could have probably gone on to the
midnight you got put that with everyone's you like because I never heard any of those you ever heard
the dualists I saw heavenly who's that like the pianists heavenly creatures wasn't bad it's
just a bizarre British movie and then he liked it he liked it put it on there okay don't don't be
like this you know psychoanalyzing here one of these if he liked it that was the question he's
got his top 80 list five six seven oh five sixty don't forget we have the mad dog at two the
Humphor is doing a show at two list today the rickie William show at the Cleveland at night at seven
o'clock after the dolphins barely in overtime eaked out squeezed out a desperate victory against the
coma inducing Baltimore Ravens man that was really weak weak olandamade on his 85th chance
to lend a finally kick the game when he feel going overtime well he's getting really uh nasty you
know he's getting pretty bad he ain't no Adam Ben interior turn to that meanwhile of course the
Patriot shout out Dallas 12 zip and Bill Purcells they zipped his lip the big oh eight to ten only
two hours him that I thank God uh indicate ten and mark isenberg solo two to five and a.m. he's
doing it solo although he is married isn't he yeah mark isenberg has a wife sure all we should
be too surprised because erich's got a wife right children both of them they have what children so
they've been doing it then we have proof well michael's actions got kids too we don't know who's
they are and time crews twelve fifty six at five sixty w.w.m. Shelley Bloom's fashion code is they've
been serving a man in south Florida for forty long amazing years and that's in great location
twenty six fifty northwest fifth avenue in the Miami fashion district as Shelley Bloom's you'll
find fine men's clothing from suits and sport coats slacks dress and sports shirts ties even shoes
as to go to post it's a lot of blooms what the secret is to stay in business for the past 40
years they'll tell you the three keys to their success are service selection and price simple as
that George you are money suits itself from thirteen hundred ninety five bucks to fifteen ninety five
are only seven hundred ninety five bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion clover's they even offer
fantastic unreadable selection of Italian suits starting at just two hundred and twenty five
bucks each the selection is fantastic the service is great thousands and zillions of suits and
stock at all times and the alterations are the best you'll find anywhere stop by Shelley Bloom's
today you'll find them at twenty six fifty northwest fifth avenue in the Miami fashion district
you'll open monday through Saturday nine thirty nine thirty eight eight until six p.m. put a best
for the most beautiful stuff you look like a real man's like a human being it's Shelley Bloom's
fashion clotheers in Miami
on
duamm
it's the one that do
Uh, uh-Uh.
Down her back.
The dark thread.
And Every snatch is brilliant.
Every snatch.
Everybody snatch, everybody snatch.
Everybody snatch, everybody snatch.
Everybody snatch, everybody snatch.
A devil, no, a devil, no.
A devil, golden, thou, a devil, no.
A devil, no, a devil, no.
The moral is monster of the girl who wants to be a media home,
Proverbs it on top quiver, you want power?
All this lady is what I'll give you, she's got a book to read about slandering.
Nobody knows for about slanderin' out with a big scoop about anyone to the left of Mangala.
Such a good Christian girl, you wanna strangle her?
Fontificating who she's aiding, political ponder, pontificating,
Trump, on the floor, and masturbating, a Republican's can't keep hold.
She's a federalist, emote, making liberal the dirty one, you know?
In a mini skirt showin' camel dope.
Ant-culton knows what take can be, in a mini skirt that spells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of large order with a back alley look.
If you like your broad-staller, and you got the money, she'll spread those names with a cigarette and a shark's name.
Ant-cultor and elder, political Monday, the angel of the rock, and a cheesy lady.
That fuckin' bitch.
It's a minute after one happy Monday to it, 560 WQM, the mad doggy comin' up at two.
Here's Alex who says on his facts.
Pull question for tomorrow, who has a worst grip of sod glue to their head.
Moe Howard or Pantheon's coach, Rick Dudley.
That's a tough one.
P.S., if I hear Moe car rickia Williams, the dreadlock demon, one more time,
I made puke Oliver his muskrat.
His tongue, his tongue really gets around to his allies.
I thought he only looked Jay Fiedler's.
Brackham-ass.
Now he gets it around.
Tommy, is that our Tommy who says strange land?
Yes indeed.
Well I'll be damned.
Thanks Tommy.
Tommy looked pretty good by the way.
He started to look human.
With his new dude.
He's got a new dude and a little dude-do.
I guess that was a fat boy left the old dude-do.
That's a dupy-do-do.
So Al Franken writes, see how much you thought I was gonna forget about this.
I wasn't gonna let you.
Al Franken is number one New York Times bestseller lies in the lie.
And I'm gonna tell you something.
I'm really getting there.
Although they got a lot of time to fill.
But you know, this business rushes back on here.
You know how many times they've had that on this hour on CNN?
About 30 minutes.
I mean, enough already, okay?
But he really needs the free publicity.
The people who get the most publicity, the Howard Sterns and the fat ass limboes of this world,
they can't stop fawning over these people enough.
The rest of the people like us who need the publicity,
hey that fat bag is still on here in Miami.
You know, stuff like that.
I don't know who they're with you.
You know, nobody.
Which is probably just as well.
Lies and the lying liars who tell them a fair imbalance look at the right.
And I think that Fox went to court to try to stop the, oh my god,
it changed the name of the book and I enjoyed.
Said, who are you, Kidman?
You Nazi bastards.
You, are you, Kidn?
Anybody?
Tell Rupert Murdoch to stick it anyway.
Chapter 2 of the Al Franken book.
It's not that long.
And the chapter either.
And culture and nutcase.
I love this.
It says, I know you think the chapter title is a little harsh,
but believe me, in Colter's case, nutcase is more than justified.
I should know you see Anne and I are friends.
I personally wasn't aware that myself until I read it in the New York observer,
they did a profile of Colter when her bile filled relentlessly ugly,
bestseller's slander topped the New York Times list.
And for some reason, I guess, to establish her bona fide is a just a lovable gal about town.
She told the writer from the observer that she was friendly without Franken.
I found that odd.
I've met Anne Colter once.
At a Saturday night live party, when she introduced herself to me,
I made what in retrospect was a terrible mistake.
Instead of saying, Anne Colter, you're a horrible person.
Oh, I just hate you, or something along those lines.
Instead, I was cordial for maybe a minute or two.
That's the sum total of my personal interaction with Anne Colter.
And yet to her, it was enough to include me on a very short list of people she's friendly with,
pathetic to be sure, but no more dishonest than every other word that comes out of this woman.
Colter, for those of you lucky enough not to have been exposed to her,
is the reigning diva of the hysterical right,
or rather the hysterical diva of the reigning right.
Colter's appearance shows like ABC's this week,
Good Morning America, Hardball, Leroy King Live, and the Today Show,
to complain among other things that conservatives don't get on TV enough.
Her books like her TV appearances consist of nonstop, rabid frobbing.
Her first high crimes and misdemeanors, the case against Bill Clinton,
put around the radar as an up and coming liar.
Her next book, Slander, Liberalized about the American right,
argues that liberals use lies and shrill accusations
to the base political discourse in America.
It's a fascinating exercise in dishonesty, hypocrisy,
and irony of the unintentional sort.
Let's get right to some examples.
And there are examples and examples and examples.
Take the dramatic conclusion of Slander.
After 206 pages of accusing liberals of among other awful things,
being a leadist snob,
he trots out her crowning piece of evidence,
proof of the New York Times disregard and contempt for what real Americans care about.
And here's this article.
The day after seven time, Nascar Winston Cup Champion Dale Earnhardt died
in a race of the day, tone of 500.
Almost every newspaper in America carried this story on the front page.
Stock car racing had been the nation's fastest growing sport for a decade,
and Nascar the second most watch sport behind the NFL.
More Americans recognize the name Dale Earnhardt than say,
Maureen Dowd, Manhattan liberals are dumbly blinking at their last sentence.
It took the New York Times two days to deem Earnhardt's debts
officially important to mention it on the front page.
Heaven's reign, the left renowned populist touched the article began,
his death brought a silence to the Walmart.
The Times went on to report that in vast swaths of the country,
people watched Stock Car Racing, tacky people who were mourning Dale Earnhardt all over the South.
Pretty powerful indictment I have to admit to his Al Franken,
not no mention for two days.
Once while problem, Dale Earnhardt died on February 18th, 2001,
and there's actually a picture of the front page of the New York Times the next day.
On February 19th, 2001, which by my calculations,
the next day, the Times ran a front page of kind of Earnhardt's death,
written by sports writer Robert Lipsight under the headline,
Stock Car Start killed on last lap of the Daytona 500 here,
look at it, and on the next page, there it is.
Frankly, I think the fact that the New York Times didn't have a front page vertical
on Dale Earnhardt that they after he died kind of undercuts her point that they didn't,
don't you? I mean, if they didn't, that would have been something, huh?
But they did.
And then there it is, free to read.
And by the way, the article that Colter refers to,
the one written two days later, it was by Rick Bragg,
a Pulitzer Prize winner who grew up in Piedmont, Alabama.
Boy, I hate those Piedmont snubs.
It's always Piedmont has the bestest, and Piedmont has the bestest.
Yeah, well, if you, Piedmont,
where did Ann Colter come from?
Well, she's a lawyer, one of the elves who held Paula Jones,
go after Bill Clinton, that's a feather in her cap.
She was born in 1961 or 1963,
depending on whether you believe her old Connecticut driver's license, which says 61,
or her newer DC driver's license, which says 63,
the Washington Post looked into this,
and claimed the DC licenses correct which means that when she registered to vote, she was 16.
The post check with a new king in Connecticut Registrar's office,
that of course, would be voter fraud.
Either way, she lied in at least one of her driver's licenses,
a government idea which is a violation of federal law under the Patriot Act,
I believe she could be locked up indefinitely for that without being allowed to talk to a lawyer
or a judge or Paula's on.
Now, lots of women lie about their age,
but erases are concerned about Colter of that really is her name.
Colter's misstatements about her age make us question the veracity of the seemingly factual statements in her book, such as,
liberals hate America, liberals hate all religions except Islam,
Democrats usually hate working class people, liberals hate society,
even Islamic terrorists don't hate America like liberals do,
Democrats will destroy anyone who stands in their way, all that matters to them is power.
Liberals can't just come out and say they want to take more of our money,
kill babies and discriminate on the basis of race.
Liberals seek to destroy a sexual differentiation in order to destroy morality.
That's the whole point of being a liberal to feel superior to people with less money and liberals are crazy.
All of this seems the slightest bit odd considering that the first line of the first page of Slander is,
political debate in this country has become insufferable,
and she explains, instead of actual debate about ideas and issues of real consequences,
the country is trapped in a political discourse that resembles professional wrestling.
So what is Colter's contribution to civilizing our political discourse
while in the entire 206 pages she never actually makes a case for any conservative issue.
Not school vouchers, not supply side tax cuts, not privatization of social security,
the entire book is filled with distortions, factual errors, and vicious invective,
Slander, if you will, bolstered by the shoddyest research this side of the Hitler diaries.
Take, for example, this gem from page 68.
The supporter claim that the mainstream media is in the hands of lefties,
Colter makes the point that Newsweek Washington bureau chief Evan Thomas
is the son of Norman Thomas, a four-time socialist candidate for president.
Actually, Norman Thomas was the socialist candidate six times,
running first in 1928 with a radical proposal for something called Social Security.
It's odd that Colter understates the number of times that Thomas was the socialist party nominee
because that would make her argument that was stronger if Norman Thomas had been Evan Thomas's father,
which he was not.
Now, in furnace to Colter, this kind of research is tough to do.
I asked Team Franken how somehow one could be able to find out something like that.
There were number of suggestions, Google search, Nexus search,
going to the New York Times archives for the oral obut,
and then one of the kids hit on a simple yet quite brilliant idea.
Why not call Evan Thomas?
Just for future reference, and here's a transcript of my call with Evan Thomas.
Me, Evan, thank you for taking my call.
Evan Thomas, no problem. I'll, what's up? Me, was Norman Thomas your father? Evan? No.
That sounds simple enough, but to protect my reputation for Thurin as I didn't let Evan off though quite so fast,
me, are you sure? Evan, yes. Me and your father were with his name. Evan, Evan Thomas senior, I'm a junior. Me,
a Ha and your father, Evan Thomas senior, did he ever run for president? Evan, no he was in publishing. Me, and you're sure? Evan, yes, Al,
is this about that end-culture thing? Me, yeah. Evan, I heard about that. Is there something wrong with her?
Yeah, there is, particularly considering that when going after the book publishing industry,
Colter complains that liberal Jeremiah's making the print without the most cursory fact-checking,
which reminds me I really should be fact-checking this thing as I go along.
Actually, I do take great pains in my research in my last book of this nature,
a little number one New York Times bestseller entitled Rush Limbo's a Big Fat Idiot in Other Observations,
only one claim was arguably inaccurate and I'm pleased to be the first person to point it out publicly.
In writing the book, I said in preliminary findings from a study by Kathleen Hall-Jemison,
regarding the political literacy of radio talk show listeners.
In the final version of the study, the findings show that people listen regularly to political talk radio,
were able to identify the present more frequently than I give them credit for, I regret the error.
Even John Fund, Limbo's ghost writer on the way things ought to be acknowledged to me a bit grudgingly,
that I had done an honest, though thoroughly vicious job on his guy.
Colter, however, responded, cottage industry of slanted debunkers, some of whom,
dailyhowler.com, spinsanity.org and salon.com, I'm cribbing from.
Colter's defense heard in countless appearances on talk shows is, I have footnotes,
or there are 35 pages of footnotes, or I have 780 footnotes or it's in the footnotes.
There's a big emphasis on footnotes, which brings me to, how to lie with footnotes.
How to lie with footnotes number one, don't have footnotes.
And Colter doesn't have 780 footnotes in slander, she has zero footnotes, none, not one footnotes.
She does have 35 pages of endnotes. Footnotes are easy to reference,
they're at the bottom or the foot of the page. Endnotes are much harder to reference
if you're using your footnotes to lie and make them endnotes.
How to lie with footnotes number two, have 780 of them.
Colter knows that her readers, the ones who buy her books out of an obsessive need to read stuff
that reconfirmes everything they already know or think they know, are probably not going to check one little
780 of her endnotes. Let me illustrate how Colter exports the simple principle of lying with footnotes
that is endnotes from page 12 of slander. This is a good one and in a way sort of sums up everything you need to know,
just so there's no confusion, the endnote numbers are hers.
After Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas wrote an opinion contrary to the clearly expressed position of the New York Times editorial page,
the Times exporter was an editorial on Thomas titled, The Youngest Coolest Justice.
That was actually the headline on Lee the editorial in the newspaper of record.
Thomas is not engaged on the substance of his judicial philosophy.
He is called a colored lawn jockey for conservative white interest, race-treeder, black snake, chicken and biscuit eating,
and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating
and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating, and a black snake eating her, and a black snake eating her, and a black snake
If you ever imagine this, imagine zero closing costs in the next house.
Zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee, zero discounted points.
This one is the last mortgage you'll ever be needing.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about.
Now with an interest rate, amazing low of only 1.95%.
That's only $738 a month if you have a $200,000 loan.
And once you refinance, you get you a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never, ever, honestly, pay closing costs again.
If you want to find out more about it, call tool free 1-800-940-Land.
Grab yourself real financing.
Power with a low rate mortgage.
You can move to your next property without any further cost or expense.
Only one mortgage from financial groups what we're talking about.
For the tales, it's 1-800-940-Land.
It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero prepayment penalty,
zero closing costs, even when you moved to another property.
How can you beat that?
So get financing it's just 1.95% and never, ever pay closing costs again.
Call financial group today, tool free 1-800-940-Land.
940-L-E-N-D, they're an equal housing lender.
Restressions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
Why in local, here's sports radio 560-CUA-M.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Franz, a new gene Thomas.
Friends of bushes nominee for this Supreme Court.
And you know there's lots of people's out there to thank just all of them.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't that they were not.
They were, they were, they were, they were, they were, they were, they were, they were, they
were not.
I know, remember y'all.
If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight when I'm thought reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
There you go.
I'll be token.
And I token to the East.
And I token to the West.
And I token why I look up Saturday, okay?
I'll lose this.
I'll be token.
Let's go wait one y'all.
All right, 1-17-560WD crew.
Anyway, getting back to the Al Franken book.
Just a couple more pages for now.
How do I with footnotes?
Number three.
Cytasaurus, but totally misrepresent what it says.
Chimidi works this one on the ground.
Early in the book, she writes, New York Times columnist Frank Rich
demated that Ashcroft stopped munking around with Muslim terrorists
and concentrate on anti-abortion extremists.
Except he didn't.
In the column written during the anthrax here, Rich simply criticized Ashcroft's
refusal to meet with Planned Parenthood, which has had years of experience
with terrorism in the form of bombings and sniper attacks from pro-life extremists.
The piece doesn't include the words munking or Islamic or Muslim, or make any suggestion
that justice abandons efforts against Al-Qaeda.
Colder pulls this wildest version like so of very, very many directly out of her ass.
Just another quick one.
On page 118, by the way, when you see Colder on TV investigators never ask about anything
pads, page 12, you've got to get me credit for being able to stomach the entire
screen.
She writes that when the media consortium study on the 2,000th floor of Holt was released,
it showed that Bush had won on any count.
But the Washington Post story, she cite, says that, study finds Gour might have won
stay-wide, tally of all-uncounted balance.
The reason there are so many capital letters in that quote is that it's directly from
the headline of the story.
Don't you go to hell for this stuff?
How do I with footnotes number four?
Use the any words written in a newspaper can be attributed to that newspaper technique.
This can also be used to defame newscasts and magazines.
To show just how much the media elite hates Christians' culture rights, for decades
the New York Times had allowed loose associations between Nazis and Christians to be made in
its pages.
Statements like these were not uncommon.
Did the Nazi crimes draw on Christian tradition?
The church is co-responsible for the Holocaust?
Okay, the first quote that the Nazi crimes draw on Christian tradition is from a 2001 book
review.
The Times reviewer Paul Berman was framing the question asked by the book he was reviewing,
which is about 400 year old play performed annually in Bavaria that portrays Jews'
hateful and evil, which for the record we are not.
The second quote is a quote of a quote from an 1998 Times article John Paul's Jewish
dilemma.
The writer for the Times isn't saying that the church is co-responsible for the Holocaust.
He's quoting a critic of the church.
In the same article a Jewish historian is also quoted as saying that Pope Pius saved 750,000
Jews.
You really have to keep on your toes with that and in her next book, quote, will probably
write, Al Franken says Jews are hateful and evil.
Look for the end note.
How do I with footnotes number five?
Overload a Lexus Nexus search.
For those of you unfamiliar with Lexus Nexus, it's a state-of-the-art research tool,
journalistic crutch.
Like any powerful instrument Lexus Nexus searches can be manipulated to produce misleading
results.
It's like a chainsaw, which can be used productively, say as a prop and movie like the
Texas chainsaw massacre, but also can be used for evils such as an actual chainsaw
massacre.
Throughout this book I use Lexus Nexus productively.
In Slander, Colter uses it to dismember the truth, introducing the overload Lexus Nexus
search.
On page 8 of Slander, quote, refers to a controversial 94 Christmas Day speech given by Jesse Jackson
on British TV.
The New York Times did not report the speech he complains, checking the end note reveals
her methodology.
Lexus Nexus search of New York Times archives from December 94 through January 95 for Jesse
Jackson and Germany and fascism in South America produces no documents.
Well yeah.
A more reasonable search, Jesse Jackson and Christmas and Britain shows that yes of course the
time did run an article on December 20th about the controversy using excerpts of Jackson's
speech was just be recorded.
Using Colter's technique I can prove that no newspapers ever covered anything.
For example, I can prove the Washington Times did not cover the incident which George
W. Bush threw up on a Japanese Prime Minister.
At Lexus Nexus search from January 92 for the Bush in Japan and Prime Minister and
Laf and Cookies and Toss produces no documents.
How do I with footnotes number 6 just make Schmidt up?
From page 134 of Slander, even during the media's nightly vlogging of Iran country, Reagan's
approval ratings fell only 5 percentage points from 80 to 75%.
The end notes I take Christian Science Monitor article from January 7th, 87.
The article reports that in last month's Gallup pool, Reagan's approval rating fell from
63 to 47%.
And remember this is from people who are not only Christians but also scientists.
So that's how you lie with footnotes, disgusting huh?
But it's not just who you who think so.
Even people Colter considers French as she's a lying bitch, a horror show of effort proportions,
all the poor thing and a bitch.
That's chapter 2 from the Al Franken book Lies and the Lying Lies who tell them a fair
imbalance look at the right.
It's a beautiful fence.
Great, he writes funny.
And he is funny.
Yeah, she pulled him out of a ranch.
Here's a facet from John who says my favorite obscure movie is The Loved One with Jonathan
Winners, a sat-tare on the funeral industry.
Haven't seen it in years but it was great.
See, that's a good one.
Okay, never heard of it.
Well, there you go.
Perfect.
We like Jonathan Edwards, right?
Are you winners?
Yes.
No.
No, we don't like Jonathan Edwards.
He's on the other side.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
What fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen, do you think is a must-see?
Poon-te-apootie-tang, 35.
The gods must be crazy, 21.
Helder Scupper, 17, executive action, 13.
Bad Lieutenant 12, vanishing point 11.
Sexy beast and the pawnbroker have 10 apiece.
Moon overperiod or nine.
Army of darkness, seven.
See?
Yeah, they had to go in seven.
Very bad thing.
Seven things to do in Denver when you're dead.
Seven?
By Brian Greasy.
The swimmer, 60, reversible, six.
And it's just, I hate that.
Especially when I think I'm going to get through these.
Boyne is dog four.
It should have more Scorpio four.
Breaker Morant Three.
The Swinger is three.
Two votes for the Magic Christian Putney Swope.
Walking life.
And Charlie.
And the rest are really small potatoes.
Let's take a call from Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
How about Slooth?
Slooth?
Slooth.
You think that was obscure?
I thought so.
I never heard of it.
So it must be.
Oh, OK.
It was a good movie, though.
It was a very good movie.
It was excellent.
OK, thanks, pal.
OK.
Put it on there.
Oh.
Oh.
You never heard of Slooth?
No, man.
You are really slipping.
Back in the summer when we were doing this movie stuff,
we almost almost had this convince that you knew something.
I've seen a lot more movies.
Yeah, Slooth.
What?
You're the one that doesn't recognize all these mainstream
movies and you think they're obscure.
I'm not interested in the mainstream.
I like being on the outer fringes of mankind.
Right.
I've seen what most of you are like.
Slooth.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz, director, producer, Morton Gottlieb,
oh, too many Jews involved in this.
That's why you didn't see it.
Is that it?
Shaffer and let's see.
Who the hell was in it?
Who was in it?
Cast.
Oh, very obscure people.
Lawrence Olivier and Michael Cain.
Yeah, I saw that.
It's a great movie.
You never saw that?
Nope.
Is it good?
It says although a previous review was claimed that this is
closer to a gorgeous than Agatha Christie, perhaps over
stating the case, it must be said that the Mankiewicz film
about a thriller writer's attempts to play lethal games
with his wife's lover with admirable style and intelligence.
Lesson who done it than a how done it.
Thoroughly entertaining.
It says, swuth, that's a good movie.
Very obscure.
Lawrence Olivier and Michael never heard of.
Well, Michael Cain's in all those obscure movies like the
dress to kill.
Right.
I will put swuth on it, but I don't think it's all out of
obscure.
But if you don't know it, it must be obscure, man.
Right.
Because if you knew what's your name like I knew her.
If you knew Susie like I knew Susie, that's what Eddie
Cainter used to sing a hundred years ago before you were born.
Remember Eddie Cainter?
Yeah.
You do?
Sure.
Eddie and I to Cainter.
How the hell can you remember them?
They died before you were born.
Eddie Cainter had those little, they have him like the bug eyes
with his little, so the glasses, that kind of thing.
If you knew Susie, like I am, when you gave me a little
too, you'll be talking about crap.
You'll be talking about crap.
You'll be talking about crap.
God, are you old?
That's right.
I'm on N2 and I wish we had that wonderful, wonderful thing.
G-Dad and one's a more lacer.
I don't know, it's not in mine, it's not in yours.
I remember putting it in there and playing it in there.
I remember playing it from there and it just vanished one day.
I think Stan Freiber came back and stole it.
You know what I mean?
Are you sure?
I think so.
I think both of Brian would need another copy of that.
Yeah, we need another one of those, a book of Brian.
Another one.
G-Dad and one's a more lacer.
Camp of Records.
One of four wonderful.
He was great.
Stan Freiber.
Remember him?
No.
I know.
Just from that drop.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM on a really great Monday.
Boy, this is a wonderful day.
A little murky and cloudy here, but not too bad.
Let's give some Toronto weather for Paul, what's his name?
Paul, Mr. Originality.
Hey, listen, you don't have to be original.
Copy us when you get your next mattress.
Do the smart thing like we've been doing.
I mean, all of us at QAM.
Get yourself a dial amatrus.
It's the only smart way to do it.
You can go to your bedding and department store.
Guess what?
They will rip you off big time because they got a paper
for a big fancy overhead.
There's no such thing at dial amatrus.
You don't go anywhere.
All you do is pick up your phone, make one easy call, and they come
right to you.
How can you beat that?
In fact, dial amatrus gives you no false promises, no bait and
swish.
Just great, unbeatable discount prices every day on the top
brand name of mattresses in the world.
Now, even including stirons, have been as fostered.
And when you call dial amatrus at 1-800-MATRUS, you still pick
the day in time for delivery.
Whenever it's going to be convenient for you when you're going
to be home, any tour of Windows 7 days a week, 8 in the
AM till 10 PM, and guess what?
They actually show up.
Honest sales practices fantastic service every day low price
and same day delivery, free set of removal, and unbeatable
combination.
That's why dial amatrus is ranked the best in the world in
customer satisfaction.
Call them right now.
They'll be knocking on your dough in no time at all.
1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS for a great night's sleep for
years to come, or get more info on their website at
macriss.com.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
A young woman named Rita, who was blessed with large bosoms, went
to the doctor for her annual checkup.
The doctor told her to remove her clothes, and, get on the examining
table, shyly Rita said, Dr. I can't address in front of you.
Well, the doctor said, then fine, I'll turn the lights off for you,
you undress, and, tell me when you're ready.
A few moments later Rita called out, I've undressed, Dr.
what shall I do with my clothes, to which the doctor replied
just put them on the chair on top of my now page two.
Two cowboys, Johnny and Peter sitting in a bar.
One had asked his friend at feed herd of any new sexual
positions, specifically one called the rodeo.
Peter said, no, what is the rodeo?
Seconds Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Boy, is he a hooter, huh?
130.
Wow, like that, too.
130 at 560 W.
Come, man dogs a half an hour away at 2 o'clock, as the dolphins have
another big, pretty marginal one yesterday.
Boy, just barely squeaking by with the skin of their ass.
Whole bunch of fasters here, it says, my nomination for today's
poll is medium cool.
Got it?
Got it.
The only film ever directed by famed left wing,
Reed, Cami, Pico, back to its cinematographer, Haskell Wexler.
The movie concerns a vamped, brandless Chicago TV news reporter,
who gradually finds himself becoming personally involved with the growing
radical movement leading up to the 68 Democratic National Convention.
Wexler had filmed the protest at the convention, and at one point you
can hear someone in the film screen, watch out Haskell, it's real, as things
really began to get hairy, and brilliantly ended them in a fictional part of the movie.
The film also talks about the hand in hand cooperation of TV stations with the FBI and other branches of the
thought police.
The network handed their videotapes to reports about the ghetto crem racial tension of the FBI,
to aid in their profiling of potential subversive, uh, that is suspects.
The ending is also one of the most unexpected in Ironica.
I've ever seen it say must see, for any true opponent of the right wing American
Inquisition that's been going on for the past, God knows how many years.
Fought third man!
PS, I don't know if you ever found out what Tappy Tibben's third part of his
steps to changing your life ever was.
Part one and two, of course, no red dates and no red fine sugar.
Oh yeah, I think Part Three was no more rush.
Was it?
No more oxycontinant?
No more hillbilly heroin?
Apparently Part Three is written on a blackboard and one of the scenes is squeezed.
If you squeeze, they might have blown up you can see it.
Part Three is no orgasm.
Tappy wasn't kidding when he said Part Three would grab most people crazy.
As for me, no red mates and no red fine sugar is one thing, but no orgasm.
I'd rather stay fat, since more.
Elmer says, can you add Wagged a dog and 24 hour party people to your list?
Can we do that?
Sure.
He asked the theater you're thinking about is either the Astor Art Theater,
there used to be a down on Laguna Street in the Gables, no, or the Absence Cinemathec also in the Gables, no.
No, I think you're right, the Coconut Grove Playhouse.
I think so, I think that's where I saw the Rocky Horror Show.
Yeah, and they also had the other one.
What's the other one?
The other one.
What is it?
It was only called Coconut Grove Cinema.
Was that it?
That's one.
Oh boy.
Well, they had the gods must be crazy.
It was in like a fag place.
You know, so it must have been the Grove Archie Farchie.
Archie Farchie Faggy.
Anyway, here's, I can't think of that guy, that name of that guy.
I want to use to be on WNWS with the Bill Cosford.
Rest in peace.
Big Wilson?
That's no, the screamer that the silly ass movie critic, I might have to do a gay talk show.
I'm not gay, but I might do a gay.
Yeah, screaming queen.
In fact, tons of queen.
I can't think of his name, probably just as well.
The Kentucky Fried Movie brought you by the same poster brought you air planes,
Zucker, Abrahamson, and Zucker.
Zucker, that's it's secure.
Kentucky Fried Movie?
Bigger than life.
Bigger than life?
It's old.
I mean, I've heard of it, made in 77.
It's old.
It's been everywhere.
It's all in this.
Brian and I, this is highly recommended.
Put it on there, the Kentucky Fried Movie.
Now you see, it's 26 years old.
Don't you understand?
Don't you get it?
Yeah, I get it.
If you were to go out and say, well, name me some movies from like the middle or late 70s.
And he's nobody would say that.
Nobody would know that.
They would.
Albert and Miami says, how about more a Tury with Marlon Brando and Uel Brenner?
A 62 movie about a German load with escaped Jews.
A German load?
Squirt, Squirt.
Oh, I have some wonderful lines for that.
Yeah, I've seen a few German loads.
What does that mean?
A 62 movie about a German load with escaped Jews.
There is a gang rape scene where a woman is raped by men and they change for something.
Gang rape is funny.
Oh, I was just going to.
Oh, man, that's bad.
This is better than sex.
Okay, calm down, Mo.
Just calm down.
Absolutely.
Well, a whole weekend I never saw him even smell to him once.
That was so great, man.
Nice timing.
I got it down to a science now.
I know just what time he blows out of there.
Let's see, Pudy Tang is winning.
Did you tell me that's a good movie or did you just say that I never saw it?
It's a...
Yeah, there you go.
Thank you, man.
It's a...
Okay.
It's called...
A young hip-black movie for work.
Oh, like a...
Oh, Chris Rock.
Oh, well, I like him for like about two minutes at a time.
I like him.
He's funny.
He's very funny, but I like him about two minutes at a time.
And we'll Smith's wife.
Oh, no.
Well, this is it.
Anything connected to Real Smith?
I don't want no part of it.
Pudy Tang 36, the guys must be crazy.
25, Hover Scalver 17, executive action 13, Badloo 10 and 13, sexy beast 11, vanishing point 11.
I'll only do the double digit ones.
Pondbroker 11, things to do in Denver when you're dead by Brian Greacy 10, moon over Peridor 10.
I thought Peridor was like one of those places that Laminates Arossa had, isn't it?
That's like at the bars they have a Peridor at the front.
Oh.
And the Sway Wain walk through them.
Did she switch right through them outdoors?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T.
That's a great scene in a cafe.
Remember that?
In La Cajafol.
And he's eating his biscuits.
Well, anyway, he had to be there, I guess.
Jacob.
Now, here's a call from...
I'm sure it must mean Orman Beach.
You've got Mormon Beach.
Yeah.
Orman Beach.
Hello.
Well, there's not too many Mormons up here.
I doubt it, yeah.
Except Donnie and Marie.
Yeah, they make a pass through the door.
They got to do something.
Yeah, you're right, you're right.
But the obscure movie I had was Blood Simple.
Blood Simple was very good movie, but was it really obscure?
It was kind of obscure.
It was one of the first Cohen brother movies.
Warbscure the moon over Peridor.
Okay, and we got it.
I thought it was damn good.
Yeah, and was Mayfair in the Grove the theater that you're talking about?
Oh, that's not my limit.
Hotel, I don't think it's that still there.
That might have been it.
It was also a theater called Mayfair, but...
Yeah, I know that. That was a long time ago.
That might have been it.
Listen, a hundred years ago, who cares?
Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day.
Bye.
So I didn't know that you had seen Blood Simple.
I'm pretty important.
I didn't know that you had seen Blood Simple.
Why not?
I don't know.
Never mentioned it.
Why, am I not that simple?
Or am I not that bloody?
But if you like that, then you'll really like Fargo, made by the same people, and even better.
Oh, with William H. Macy.
Indeed.
I was reading about him about how he's a real sex party.
He's got all these broads hanging on his ass.
With that frog face? Well, he's a movie.
Well, whatever. That's right. He's a...
Let's see. What am I looking for? Blood The Simple.
Right.
Here's Blood Beach.
Blood from Mummy's Town.
That's not Blood Beach.
Oh, I thought this was going to say Blood from Mummy's Worm.
It's Mummy's Tomb. Thank God.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Blood, uh, putt, there's a lot of bloody movies.
Let's have to that.
Blood Reincarnation.
Blood Red Roses.
Blood Red. Blood on the Sun.
Blood on the Sun.
Yeah.
Never heard of it.
With Sylvia Sydney, Jimmy Cagney, Wallace Ford.
Rosemary DeCamp.
Oh, man. It's for us old Fargo.
I love those. Bokobrion's squeezing it.
What am I looking for? Blood Simple.
A Cohen Brothers movie.
Here it is.
It says Joel Cohen.
Ethan Cohen.
And, uh, Jeff Cohen.
Starring.
Uh, who that was in it?
Fred Starring.
John Getz.
Francis McDormand.
Also in Fargo.
Dan Hadiah.
M. Emmett Walsh.
Sam Art Williams.
And Debra Newman.
High and enjoyable film, New-A, in which a Texan bar owner
hires a CD private eye, first to spy on his wife.
Then the killer and her lover.
Yeah, I saw it.
Instead, the eye, a marvelous performance from Walsh,
having collected his feet, executes a variation on the contract.
We're upon.
Things take off in a mailstrom of under, oh, I love mailstroms,
of misunderstanding that spreads guilt and fear like a plague
to the characters, and escalates a nightmarish terror,
premature burial, murder by a battery,
crucifying implements, impalement, that, uh,
oh, some, uh, debt to the, uh, to the horror comic.
What does that mean?
Oh, sorry.
A debt to the horror comic.
A remarkably, uh, assured debut for the co-informally,
uh, assistant editor on the evil debt.
Okay, excellent.
There you go, bloodshed, bloodshed, I saw it a long time.
But what year's that?
Uh, I'm not sure.
You have to, well, not got to fight it again.
So, I'll kill some more good guys.
Don't post a book like that, 83.
See, 20 years ago.
Guys, see it?
Well, watch Fargo next.
You keep telling me to watch Fargo, and then everybody else is at.
No, no, no, no, no, no one else has ever said that to you.
Everybody said, I think, uh, Bonerboy told me that.
Uh-huh.
Like I said.
Like I said, I'll go out and get it today.
My life and look all this is for radio by city.
You ain't a new AM.
Hour from Boca, you can kiss my rear end.
Three years, you've trusted smokers to bring you 100% pure fruit
in our delicious jams and tellies.
Well, turns out, we lied.
So that means we're introducing a brand new line of products
just for those whining, nitpicking bastards who demand truth and effortizing.
It's our own new, coriordered products from Mother Shmuckers.
Yes, there's Sortistrawberry, and some grape and practically peach.
And just like you, they're all a bunch of Mother Shmuckers.
So, for all you who've got nothing better to do and analyze jelly,
you can all eat this.
With a name like Mother Shmuckers, each got to be food.
Literally, little long fact.
I bet you didn't know that the old Mason Adams always did those Shmuckers spots.
Yeah.
He was so closely associated with Smokers that they named the jar
that they hold the preserves in after him, Mason Jar.
Is that true?
No.
Okay.
I was gonna say.
I just made it up out of my sick mind.
I just thought things like that kind of mind all the time.
I probably need to get some help for that.
Anyway, a whole bunch of facts is I've tried to just pull the go for big tonight.
And you know what's bothering me though now?
Is I so many movies to see in so little time.
I got sexy beast in there, which I guess I'm gonna have to watch.
And just a lot of these sound really interesting, you know?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, and even some of the ones that I've already seen, like blood simple,
I want to see it again.
That's a keeper.
It is.
And what was the other one I want to see?
Well, anyway, quick change with Bill Murray, Randy Quaid, Gina Davis.
And it says here, the old guy who dies in Magnolia, which just might be Jason Robards.
Really funny.
Dressed as a clown, Marie at all, Rob Bank in New York, spent the movie trying to get out of town.
Quick change.
Okay.
Wasn't obscure, uh, but whatever.
Yeah, it was.
The name of the Rose with Sean Connery, Christian Slater.
Now you wouldn't like that.
Minival monks, Sean Connery and assistant monks later, track killer of other monks.
It's all about, I wonder if they used to eat at the monks in.
Oh, I love that.
Not a bad movie.
Also not a fear.
It's also, uh, but fairly obscure, okay?
Okay.
As a poet, let me say it again.
Do you think most people have seen the name of the Rose?
No.
Let me read you the poll question again.
What's fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen?
Most people haven't seen most movies.
Well, there you go.
So fairly obscure, but, but the idea being to try to like narrow it down,
as opposed to like somebody's like Dressed to Kill, which, uh, may not be like a top 10 or top 20 famous of all time.
But it's certainly not obscure, do you see?
No, you know.
Anyway, uh, it's all about containing humor.
So Chuck can stay in control of the flock and scare the Schmidt out of them or the church, the church and Chuck.
Also the great race in which Jack Lemont tells Peter Falk to push the button, Max.
And we always get arguments about that for some reason.
Why is that?
In George picks his nose.
It's Keenan Wynn.
Oh, this is where you still have the disagreement.
There's no disagreement.
It's Keenan Wynn.
Get the movie watch it.
Don't take my word for it.
Is it, but it is in the great race.
Yeah.
Well, what the hell is that?
Push the button, Max.
Look at some like I'm right.
They're wrong.
It sounds like Jack Lemont.
Wait a minute.
Push the button, Max.
That's Jack Lemont.
I mean, it might be Keenan Wynn says in the movie, but that's Jack Lemont.
Push the button, Max.
That's Jack Lemont.
Are you serious?
Push the button, Max.
Push the button, Max.
Push the button, Max.
Push the button, Max.
I don't know.
You understand that I lifted that drop from the movie, the great race, starring Keenan Wynn.
Yeah, but maybe Keenan Wynn and Jack Lemont look so much alike.
You know.
I don't know what to, I mean, aren't there more important things now?
No, but like, where the hell am I going for lunch?
I think so.
Let's see.
Sean.
Oh, I listen.
I got news for chronic Sean and Hollywood.
You know, that lengthy poll he sent last week, and he got all bent out of shape because he knew right.
He likes me to stop too, you know.
Or two weeks ago he sent me about the number one bad idea of the last century.
Oh, that's right.
You weren't there.
I don't know.
No, you were there.
It was two weeks ago.
Okay.
What is the number one bad idea?
For example, he's got like a Neville Chamberlain and the Munich Agreement piece in our time.
A bread, socks, sonar, selling baby roots of the Yankees to finance the Broadway show.
Chris Darden, let's have OJ trying to glove.
It's good.
I got a few other ones here too that we'll put on there.
I like that.
All right.
So Sean, it goes to the show.
You're just like, oh, I think the first hour tomorrow we'll have to do a Joe Rose for all poll.
You know what I mean?
Check it out.
You know, you know how sometimes things happen like like my trip there the week that I was there.
It happened so fast, except for the fact that there was some bizarre stuff happening.
But other than that, it's like I wasn't even there.
Like I never left here, you know what I mean?
Right.
And the same thing with the Pharrell episode, he was at the station such a short period of time,
even as bizarre as he was and off the wall and his wacky and all the stuff that happened.
It's almost like he would and never even happened.
Now was he on longer than the new morning sickness crew?
That's what I am.
It was longer than a week, yeah.
Yeah, the new sickness crew and then the Jeff DeFlorista, whatever the hell I was.
The new sickness crew, the new sickness crew, the new sickness crew, the new sickness crew,
and the San Diego boot camp crew and whatever.
Oh man, nice going Greg.
You have dragged this all.
You have dragged this through the septic tank of the universe man.
It's just unbelievable.
And still, we go through the septic tank naked and we come out smelling like a rose.
Like Joe Rose.
Is that amazing or what?
Okay, calm down Keenan.
Keenan Lemon.
Maybe it was Keenan Lemon.
Was Jack Lemon in the Great Race?
Maybe it was Jack Win.
Oh you, oh.
You mean I actually have to look that up now.
In some other words, I thought you just said you lifted it from the movie.
I said is Jack Lemon in the Great Race.
I don't remember him being in there.
No, no, but you said you lifted it from the movie and you asked me if he was in it.
If Jack Lemon was in the movie, right?
Right.
Well then how could you have actually lifted it from the movie?
I don't remember him being in there.
That's what we talked about.
I don't remember him being in there.
I don't remember him being in there.
No, I don't remember Jack.
Look at this.
The Great Lime.
The Great Lime.
What am I looking for?
The Great Race.
But I just came up on the Great Lime.
So I didn't have any wood in there.
I think that's an Omen.
Yeah.
Great North Field.
The Great North Field Minnesota raid.
What am I looking for?
The Great Race.
I don't see it.
Would be under the...
Oh that would be bad.
I can't stand books where they put things under the...
Oh no, you won't believe what I just saw here.
Tit and the Moon.
Hey now.
La Tere y la Luna.
Oh.
La Tere y la Luna.
La Luna y el...
Titon.
Oh it's French.
A Zah.
Do you think it's a Zah?
Here's Tremama from the train.
It's a Mamma Tiambeen.
This is bad man.
This is a paint that's life.
There can't be anything under the Zah.
Well then how come the Great Race isn't in here?
Great Sinner.
Great North Field.
Great Santini.
Great Rock and Roll.
I got a great race in here.
I have Blake Edwards.
Jack Lemmon.
Tony Curtis.
Natalie Wood.
Say they're even with.
Jack Lemmon.
But why isn't it in my book?
God that's that British book.
That's time I book.
Those Brits man.
They really suck.
Even though I hope that they give Bush here a lot of crap.
Give them some crap for you Brits.
And they will.
They give him a polycrap.
So anyway speaking of Shawnee says I nominate Killing Zoo
with Eric Stoltz about the boss gold heist in Paris.
Oh I thought that Paris helped him with the hotel.
Sorry.
Well I'm an old father.
What do I know about Paris Hilton?
In addition to which I don't want nothing to do with him French.
But I mean.
No I don't.
But she's got a skinny nasty nose man.
She's got a schnauz on her.
Well you didn't know that she existed and I didn't know she was French.
She's not?
Not that I know of.
Paris Hilton man.
She speaks English.
It's right next to the same river.
There's bizarrely creating sex records.
I was drug abuse and horrifying violence and that's just in the theater parking lot before the movie.
Shawnee got his great aim material out of two bad we don't.
Oh yeah.
Killing Zoo you got that?
I'm looking at the movie the cast here the great race and here's something that I didn't know.
By the way you know what the sequel is to killing Zoo?
Killing Moe?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Peter Falk was Max.
The aforementioned Max as in push the button.
Max was Peter Falk.
Are you cereal?
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
Push the button Max.
Oh that sounds like Jack Limon.
Doesn't it make sense?
Push the button Max.
That was nothing like Keenan Winn.
Keenan Winn's got a deeper voice than that.
Keith and Bocca says just heard what you read from Al Franken's book.
Two movies for the poll.
The Princess Bride, a great comedy that just never took off, has become somewhat of a cult movie.
The Princess Bride and Dream Lover by Bobby Daring.
For the first hour and a half the ultimate woman movie the last five minutes make it the greatest guy movie ever.
Dream Lover, you got it?
Got it.
Do you ever hear of it?
No.
Excellent.
Yeah.
I just go on Keith.
In Bocca.
Meanwhile Poon Tang, a Poo-D Tang is leading the pack.
36 but the gods must be crazy up to 30.
What the hell was that place?
It was the Grove Cinema.
I think it was the Grove Cinema.
Although.
Five and a local.
Six is five sixty.
There are years old yours.
Kill him.
Kill him.
Kill him.
Kill him.
Excellent.
As you see, hey, yes.
Oh.
I'm a co-pete.
They tell the Nell and Shell.
I live by the Munich, Caljabron and G.E.
Oh.
Northrop and run.
MCI, World Com, Faker and Bocca, L.R. and Jeremy Keaton.
Oh.
They log round and root.
Carlyle and the Rendon Root.
Murder, Doc Spock.
News and Reuters.
I'm young boy.
Choice point democracy by day to face technologies.
Chuck Pagel's Eye Bold.
Blocking out your boat.
George Bush is a liar.
Here takes 49 and 11 for a global empire.
George Bush is a liar.
Huh?
Can be seen on the left, get by now's occupier.
Dick Cheney will pull its Richard Perlin, other Dick.
Andrew Card, Carl Rowan, Margaret Ciccote.
He'll push, get pushed, George P and Daddy Bush.
Preston and Columbus, no well-not-to-mentioned Marvin.
Traitor Bob Knows, Act, Stabsy I.A. in the Fact.
Brumsfeld says, all as well another soldier dies.
Outspoken Democrats in the mail they get in fact.
Tarnahan, well-stoned, and before their time.
George Bush is a liar.
Oh.
Like always corporate neo-cons with Nazi hard-ons.
George Bush is a liar.
And the sinister media, as you believe in it.
George Bush is a liar.
The song is something that will never get on the channel.
George Bush is a liar.
The traitor and the deity in a criminal piece is sh**.
George Bush is a liar.
A liar, a liar, a liar.
A liar, a liar, a liar.
158 and 562M, a whole bunch of facts is bored.
This took off like wildfire today, you know what?
Yeah.
And you said to me this morning, but that's a crappy pull.
I did not.
No you did, I'm just just a joke.
Anyway, what is this squash bananas?
There are a lot of things I'm not getting.
Since High Neil and George, four things to tell you.
Rick Brad wrote the brag, wrote the Jessica Lynn story.
And quarter was lamppooned in Dunesbury today.
Excellent.
The movie shall we dance is my choice for most understated.
It's funny and sexy and George it's Japanese.
Right.
And the clincher to grab you is that one of the characters is like a Japanese Gilbert.
Wow.
A song to add to your funny songs list is eat all the old people.
You first.
Let's see, the man who wasn't there, James Gandalfini and Billy Bob Thorn and George has already written commentary on this fact.
It says, the worst piece of shmit I ever saw.
It's Cohen Brothers, it's Francific dormans in it.
Those two people you just mentioned, I thought, right.
How can it be bad?
It couldn't be worse.
Ooh.
Slow, boring, nothing happened.
Oh, ponderous doesn't begin.
But maybe just did you watch the whole thing?
Yeah.
All the way to the end.
Because that Russell Crowe movie, beautiful mind.
Remember what happened with me?
Right.
No, no.
I watched it all the way to the end.
Well, I watched it in the first part and I thought, oh my god, I can't go somewhere just low.
He's got a happy thing going on.
And then I watched the whole thing and I was a tear in my eye.
That was a great movie.
No.
It really was.
Now I'm talking about a beautiful mind.
I'm sorry I stuck with it all the way to the credits.
Well, me too.
Here's a quick fact.
It says the emission, Robert De Niro and Jeremy Irons, you would dig it in the yellow.
Okay, the mission, missionary position.
The mission was great.
Okay, days of what?
The mission was great.
Get it on there.
Days of heaven were to your in Sam Shepard.
And?
Oh, never mind.
And it says, he played the birth.
What?
Him too.
It says, play the birthday song on November 5th, there as well.
So for those people who was birthday was November 5th, or today or whatever.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm Christ.
He's on the QA.
I'm fighting for learning.
Oh, I need your advice.
Yeah.
Thank you.
