First call in the history of pop radio I heard this morning wanted to jump out the window almost did
Rub it just rub it. Hi. Hi, how you doing? This is your president. I mean X president Bill Clinton
Yeah, you know, I just went to the movies and I saw that new flick the human stain
I'll tell you with a title like that I had high hopes that I must say I was this appointed. I mean I don't get it
I didn't have nothing to do with a blue dress interns cigars cheating on your wipe or anything it felt like make a relate to
And what's the deal with making Anthony Hopkins of like guy? I mean come on Michael Jackson is black and then Anthony Hopkins
But I'll tell you though. I did like Nicole Kidman in this movie. You see she plays a janitor and it gets her all kind of sweaty
And then she takes her clothes off and I'll tell you
Hey, she can wipe up my human stain any old time
Oh, but other than that I got the else I can't really recommend the human stain
Especially not as a date movie heck Hillary wouldn't even go see it with me
For some reason she was dying to see another film kill Bill
Go fire
I'll see you all later. They had the apartment of the turkey the annual thing they do at the White House
The silly thing because people are silly they had the partner of the turkey with W and you notice how they both looked like they were speaking the same language
Yeah, they seemed like to have to be bonding really well
Yeah, George is out sick today and of course I have never am I always telling this oh no, I'm never sick
I'm never sick. He's always sick. Am I right? You're right
And not just sick but always like crawl around on the floor and puking and staggering around must be all in drugs
Anyway, we did our demographic survey over the weekend
and
Why do they do that? Why do they have to like dick around with this? I mean, it's just it's not interesting
It's not exciting. It's not a pool per se it's the nads kneels annual demographic survey and just like check it in
1395 people did that's probably the whole audience away things are going now
But that's no it was pretty good snapshot and these people are calling the women. Oh, you've got so many women who will listen to your show and no we don't
Say there no, we don't okay
You add up a percentage even there were 47 phone evotes for male under 18 for teenage kids
The real number there is 10 see you think you can sleep the sneak and pass me how I guess what can't do it
the old apart
The real number there was 10 so
That like it kind of like John this the other numbers a little bit so it'll be generous and say that 9% of the audience are women
91% men 9% women not too hell it see if we had women listen
We'd have like gigantic numbers. We always do well that we'd have humongous numbers if we had women
But this show is just it's unacceptable to women. They just whatever it is
They hate they hate me like poison. That's right. You know what?
Too bad
Anyway, I'm not gonna read the numbers what the hell difference is make nice 73% of the audience are men 25 to 54
That's what we like to see right?
In fact 18 to 24 was another 4% so if you think he did it was a interesting thing. I liked it a lot
Anyway bad news somebody I never heard of did you ever hear of Kelly way myer?
Yeah, sure
What does that mean? I don't know who that is Kelly way myer who is frequent appearances on such shows as six feet under friends
Oh, by the way, don't answer the phone. Uh, Jawa. He's already answering it. Don't answer the phone Josh
We'll do screenless this way in the end or a lot of stress in there
It's enough his prints are sweating. Well, that's what I'm saying
So just relax just sit back get the spots on and this week good. Thanks giving its holidays. We'll just give him a free pass, right?
Why not
Kelly way myer who's frequent appearances on such shows as six feet under friends and alemy
Beal made a face for million TV fans has died. They'd 36
She died apparently if a previously undetected medical condition 36 and she's dead
And why don't understand this because this just came over over the weekend
But she died in November 13 at her home in LA according to agent Billy Miller didn't disclose what medical condition she had noting final autopsy results were pending
She died Kelly way myer is dead. She began her TV career on the soap opera one life to live
Going out of appearance such shows as Seinfeld the practice judging Amy Star Trek Voyager Star Trek Enterprise the ex files and
YPD blue and CSI crime scene investigation
Ready for then you have no idea who that was even though she was on all those shows I'd have to see a picture of her
Well, she was only 36 and she's dead so we hate to start but again if anybody famous dies, we always start with that get it out of the way
Got a story. I'm so glad. I want to thank the guy to call it on Friday because I'm sure that Lynn Samuels must have been
Thanks by the way Lynn
She must have been listening to the show religiously like she does every day and she heard about that story on newsmax.com
And I would never look on newsmax.com for bedtime stories or anything else unless I was like suicidal because it's a right wing piece of crap website but
I called it about it. I as okay, whatever you say sounded interesting and then I noticed that Lynn picked it up and put it on her website
So I printed the thing out and it is
To say disconcerting would be the understatement of the century even though it doesn't have anything to do with Michael Jackson
We'll get to that believe me when we get to that. Yes
General Frank's doubts Constitution will survive WMD attack
General Tommy Frank's says that if the United States is hit with a weapon of wood a weapon of mass destruction that inflates large
Casualties the Constitution will likely be discarded in favor of a military form of government. Oh
Ready for that. I
Think I should read that sentence again
If the US is hit with weapon of mass destruction that inflates large casualties the Constitution will likely be discarded in favor of a military form of government
Tommy Frank's
I've listened to Barney Frank
Or Bubba Frank's Frank's who successfully led the US military operation to liberate Iraq to liberate Iraq
Express his worries and extensive interview he gave to the men's lifestyle magazine cigarficionado
We've seen that around all the time. I'm always doing hang out with our cigar friends
Documentaries when they like this women used to like us this a lot of people used to like us a lot of people used to like me
But that's ancient history. You know what too bad the stick of the checks are still coming in
In the magazines of December edition the former commander the military central command warned that if terrorists
succeeded in using a weapon of mass destruction against the US or one of our allies
Or one of our allies that would likely have
catastrophic consequences for our cherished Republican form of government
So in other words if they drop on a bomb on Britain for example while that would be good. Excuse. Let's have martial law
I mean what does that mean?
Discussing the hypothetical dangers posed to the US in the wake of September 11th
Frank said that the worst thing that could happen is if terrorists acquire and then use a biological
Chemical or nuclear weapon that afflicts heavy casualties if that happens Frank said
The Western world the free world loses what it cherishes most and that is freedom and liberty that we've seen for a couple
100 years in this grand experiment that we call the bureaucracy
Frank's been offered in a practical sense what he thinks would happen in the aftermath of such an attack
It means that the potential of a weapon of mass destruction and a terrorist massive
Casually producing events somewhere in the Western world
It may be in the United States of America that causes our population to question their own constitution and to begin to militarize our country in order to avoid a repeat of another mass
Casually producing event which in fact then begins to unravel the fabric of our constitution two steps very very important
Frank's didn't speculate about how soon such an event might take place
Already critics of the US Patriot Act rushed to a Congress in the wake of 9-11 attacks
Have argued that the law aims to curtail civil liberties and sets a dangerous precedent
We've got a dangerous president who is setting dangerous precedence
But Frank's scenario goes much further. He's the first high-ranking official to openly speculate that the Constitution could be scrapped in favor of a military former government
The usually camera shot Frank's retired from the essential command known as the in Pentagon Lingo has sent come in August 2003 after seven years or four decades in the Army
He also said that within two hours of the attacks on 9-11 he was given orders to prepare to root out the Taliban in Afghanistan and the capture been logged within two hours of the attacks
That's it you're up with the wheels in your head grinding a little bit
Within two hours of the attacks he was given orders to prepare to root out the Taliban in Afghanistan who up until that moment were good
But he's there were preparing to have that good oil pipeline deal throughout
Afghanistan and the capture been logged
Even though 15 of the 19 suicide the hijackers were from Saudi Arabia. Well, I just mentioned that in passing. I'm saving this
So thanks to the guy who crawled in on Friday
I never would have seen this article and of course a lot of people are probably saying
Why did you read that you miserable bastard you because now everybody's gonna be crappin in their pants?
Everybody's gonna be getting really really nervous. Well based on that we ought to be a little bit nervous, shouldn't we?
I think so I
To be real nervous. Okay. I'm taking this pool today and I'm inspired by this obnoxious
At least it's obnoxious to me article about black show business pals rally around Michael Jackson, Hollywood, Silent
Other than of course the notorious world's biggest fag-hag-list Taylor. Oh Michael didn't do it. He didn't do it right
She knows he didn't do it. Maybe she's sleeping with him. You think it was there who the hell's would sleep with that bitch at this point?
Anybody volunteers to sleep with Liz? No, no
Even Clarence wouldn't sleep with Liz Taylor. That's how bad she's looking well
Well, like I said, he might like curl up on the end of the bed. Maybe look her toes or something
Which of the net of disgusting thought I bet there's more toe jam and they're not she's the only one and but it's now
It's a racial thing. Why is it that everything in America turns into a goddamn racial thing every time and he's not even black
He's not even close to being black. He's bleached white. He's not just white. He's like if if we jumped into a bathtub full of Clorox
That's how white he is and yet all of a sudden it's a racial thing just like Jermaine said they're on Friday or whatever the hell
There was a Thursday whatever the day the the SUV chase was going on. This is a modern day lynching
Then King last night I know there had to be an old interview with Latoya
They didn't put on the screen when hello was from which pisses me off now
She says that all the stuff that she said back in Italy that time was in 94 after the first allegations in 93 about how he was doing
All these things with little boys and she knew about it was disgusting and she uh her she was coerced and her reading it
It was all scripted for her
Right they made her read it right. They made her read it
Because she was under the thumb and I'd the scumbag there in Vegas. I remember those days
And so she was forced to read all of these things
Anyway, here's today's poll which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations
This is I don't have any idea. I'm going to vote for it and maybe there's some others we deserve to put on there
Al Sharpton
Jesse Jackson
O.J. Simpson
Michael Jackson or Lewis Farrakhan another good list
Sounds good to me. Oh, I got another one
Oh, in fact, this is what this is what inspired me to take the poll
I'm channel surfing before football yesterday and of course my luck would have it there. I saw Danny Boy on CBS
I thought okay. I'll stop watch Danny Boy for a second. He ever stole a freight train
They want you back by the way Danny without Jimmy. They just want Danny and anyway
And then of course there was Dion did you see any of that he put on the worst step-in-fetched show?
I don't know what they must have had a feather up his ass or whatever
I have never seen anything
Step-in-fetched and name us and Andy would have been embarrassed by his behavior
I just thought this man. I have no idea why the NAACP and every black organization instead of what about defending Michael Jackson
Why they are protesting this jerk to be on the air
Seriously all he's got to do is drive up an yellow civil, you know the Pimp Mobile
Which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations
Al Sharpton Jesse Jackson O.J. Simpson
Michael Jackson Louis Farrican or neon Dion Sanders baby. He makes me barf
Guy
You know what I'm talking about he's a superstar
He's an asshole is what he is
He's a jive-ass piece of crap and believe you me if I was black
I would be screaming. I'd be called CBS right now saying you get that jerk off the air
I'm gonna like sue your ass. I'm gonna make the CBS. I really cry make all that Reagan business pale in the win significance
You idiots you
God he sucks
1013 if oh he sucks too and it's thambool and he really sucks
1013 at 560 wq if you're looking for a really neat place to eat something different whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner
Try Vick and Irv's Vick and Irv's way back in 1934 open in Rochester, New York my hometown right across the lake for more my
Answers sitting right now Vick and Irv's is in South Florida now. That's a good news for you folks
I'm federal highway just south of Bard, Baltimore, and in town on the east side
Vick and Irv's is a flashback in time to a great restaurant
Used to be before the fast food crap that so many people are chomping on today
Go and enjoy a real burger or hot dog serve hot fresh and fast the way you like it
Vick and Irv's is being brought to you in Florida. They'll buy the very same guys to feed you
Cheaper-grachie burger and they use the same fresh
100% ground chuck meat as cheaper-grachie burger. You will love their meat man
They offer an incredible quarterback on hot dog that'll really fill up your posts
And what makes them different from anybody else in town is that all their burgers and dogs are served with Vick's signature meat sauce on top
I think they grind it with their toes giving you a combination of flavors that'll do a little real Kazzonski in your mouth
And if you want to try something early in the day try their great breakfast menu
On let's cook the order French toast pancakes all your favorite side. This is waiting for you to
So see what all the talk is about it Vick and Irv's you don't have to be from Rochester even from Arondicoid to enjoy it or
Lee Roy or Betabio or the Pew
Vick and Irv's on federal highway just south of Bard, go to the bottom of the town on the east side
And be sure in time that old Neil sent you by to Vick and Irv's
My
This is for 205
But today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding
Dear white folk
Couple of things you ought to know
When I'm born I'm black
When I grow up I'm black
When I get sick I'm black
When I go out in the sun I'm black
When I go out in the cold I'm black
When I get scared I'm black and when I die I'm still black
But you my white man
When you're born you're pink
When you grow up you're white
When you get sick you are green
When you go out in the sun you go red
And when you get cold you turn blue
When you get scared you turn yellow
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die
You turn purple
And you've got the damn nerve to call me colored
10.19 to 5.60 good old Louis Furrican he's leading the early vote 69 votes
He's got 22. I'm the only one voted for Deon Sanders yet and you know something I'm proud
No, I know seriously when I see him I very ugly racist feelings well up inside of my brain
I just I can't stand him you don't like his suits
His his pimpsuits and his whole attitude. He's just an ass
He's a jive ass asshole and and what bothers me even more is I know that the beard guzzling
Assholes who sit around watching football day on Sunday. I'm talking about the sports nerd types
They think he's really cool. Ah, there's Deon man, you know, you know, I'm talking about of course
He's obnoxious
There is nothing about it. In fact, well, I don't want to get into I just get too uh, we got it spelled wrong on air by the way
Or if it don't worry about it. I think it's appropriate
Speaking of obnoxious people red is still OJ's staver color says this which inquirer
Oh
And man is a whole lot of us would like to see him sitting in a pool or red his own
Bloody Mary's anyone this great football great OJ Simpson whose ex-wife was stabbed at that nearly 10 years ago
Has an ironic taste in cocktails
He was snack-leading Miami's swanky mutiny hotel holding a drink that definitely wasn't OJ
And there's the picture to the left
Simpson who's vowed to hunt down his ex-wife's killer
Spends a lot of time hanging out at the hotel pool. He likes to drink bloody Mary's and he's a real he's real nice and respectful
Says a hotel staffer right
He's a nice murder or is it supposed to like a you know miserable scumbag like a lunatic
He's a nice murder like Ted Bundy remember he was a nice guy
Very well spoken defended himself in court very articulate very well educated
So here's a nice murder for you. Oh Jay in fact even a picture if you look at this if you have the inquire anybody you should get it
Uh, he's got that look he looks like a murderer. Do you know what I mean?
She's got that look no seriously if you saw the picture you would say oh man
There's a murdering son of a bitch and then of course screw in and Philistic come right in near the water Nazi
Oh, don't be picking on OJ. We love OJ a Q.A.M. In fact, he's coming to our golf tournament
Maybe he come to most funeral. What do you think absolutely that would be good and how do you what do you say about a man a silly old man in a
Checkered pant who comes to do the game last night right down the street there and then can't
Get his ass up out of bed this morning to come to work because the game was a late game on Sunday night
What a piece of crap absolutely what a lazy as you are a mo not to mention all the other business
Oh, I'll get to that stuff by the way. I got the smoking gun in print now
I got it on paper
Lewis Farrakhan 25 which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations
Louis Farrakhan 25 Jesse's Jackson 24 the an L sharp in 17
OJ you got ten sweet art
Neon Dion's got five and Michael Jackson only four because he ain't black he's not black
How gonna be a racial thing? He's not black
Maybe some of these people want to rip George and ass. I'd love to hear that today
You know it ordinarily it's just it gets a little ponderous
He's sick so goddamn much and I sit here this morning for an hour nobody tells me anything
I'm sitting here and I'm listening to the uh-oh and as much as I love Joe Rose
Here in a need to know basis then
What here in a need to know basis?
Well be nice. I could have gone back to bed and slept another hour
Would I only do the sit here watching TV and listen to the stupid sports calls that guy that called up Joe
I think it was Joe and I guilty. It was Joe. It was Joe
Uh luckman co-facts and T-feelers see that shows you what a bunch of phonies are in South Florida
Jay Fiedler. They were way to lynch his ass as we all know, you know
Oh, and then after the say the eagle game Brian greasy he to man you to man Brian he's the savior
He's gonna lead us out of the darkness into the Super Bowl
We're talking Superboy, you know, and then of course come to fight out. He sucks
And Jay Fiedler comes in again the little girls team who's starting quarterback was injured in the first half
By the way, otherwise it would have been a total blowout and comes in air late and plays one quarter and generally speaking
Was Ricky Williams that saved their ass in that fourth quarter really playing Superman?
Right like he flew he put on his cape he put his cape on
He attached it to his dreadlocks and he flew right over the line there to go into the end zone for the winning touch
I wasn't exciting game and of course there was the Patriots game
I just mentioned that in passing nice going Tommy. Maybe all right. That was exciting Adam Ventura usually very reliable
hits the post thought he was playing hockey hit the post on one field goal and then they get it blocked there
I thought oh boy, this don't look too good
And they still pulled it out. It's always been exciting someday for me when Tommy Brady pulls it out
Nice going boy. Oh nine and two seven in a row
But what are phony bunch of crap all of a sudden now it's uh
So anyway, this guy the implication of his phone call about Sid Luckman and the sandy co-facts and now Jay Fiedler is if
To put him in that category because they want a game
The same guy that they're ready to lynch they want a game against the little girls team like a coach by an idiot
By the way nice time out Steve nice time out you oh Steve Spurrier. He's another one
He's a white the on Sanders
Without the good without the hot boy without the nice suits. That's right
He's a sloppy white the on Sanders
106 votes the on's got five so there four people out there agree with me thank goodness not that I really care
Adjacent explicit letter sees will get to that but this story about black show business pals. It's a racial thing
I'm sorry that that's that's where I draw the line
Like Johnny Cash would say if he still could
WQAM
Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey listen um, I don't know if you can add her now
But all of a thought would probably be a good candidate at that. Yeah, but she's I mean, well, she's small potatoes though, isn't she?
Yeah, I don't know local level. She's out
Yeah, she was she was just a dumb bitch. She's hanging out with elegans and now the other commissioner that was uh rip it off
Of taxpayers and putting this personal stuff on a county credit right well, that's a good pair
Yeah, words of a feather man
Excellent. Hi man. Good luck. Have a great day. We'll need it. Thank you
Yeah, good luck to us. It's the holidays now although the snowbirds stuff was telling me the snowbirds are coming down now
Really everybody with a brain even Miguel's bailing out of there tomorrow
So George you better be back to work tomorrow or else we're not gonna have no show tomorrow because if it's just me and Josh
Josh is sitting in her penis in his pants and rightfully so I understand he was well worked. He's in training
He trained him for like five minutes in there and I just go and George
Give him a training brought away
I mean we've been through more people in that room
It's just that we had be in her boy, which George found under an overpass somewhere and then of course we had spastic scotch junior
the one of uh
Like what was the guy that used to make all the like Jim carry? I guess there used to be an older one
But Jim carries more contemporary that make does all the facial things
There was see when we were all that all the strange faces that was scotch junior whose a couple of brick short of a half a load
So we've been through it man
And of course we got the for real business this this station going through another rocky road man
I do like rocky road, but generally in a tub of a basket romans
We're going through a real rocky road. Hey if you like too much rocky road
Here's the answer for your dining. They had a thing last night on dining on
CNN and I got after the football game
I watched that thing till midnight and what a moron. I am it did I learn anything? No, it sucked
And they're telling you to eat a high carburet hydrate low a fat diet
That's the most successful and I thought to myself you people at sea and then certainly a bunch of assholes and they said uh
Absolutely. Yeah, you're right
Anyway, if you've tried all the others and you haven't lost an answer if you have lost of a gamed it back and then some you're frustrated
The reason balance for life is so easy is because you're not starving
There's plenty of food to keep you satisfied. You don't have to count any calories or carbs
They do all of that for you. It's as simple as can be for simple fat people
They deliver your black sack right to your door by six o'clock in the morning every day three gourmet meals
totalistus snacks and
Believe you meeters plenty of great delicious stuff and air to keep you full all day long
Which is the key to the whole deal you won't be cheating in between
Five feedings you can go to the trough five times a day five feedings every day in fact balance for life
Is the only company that allows you to pick between two choices for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program
You fill out a menu that's it. They do all the rest for you deliver it right to your door
So if you've tried everything else under the sun including all the diets they talked about last night on CNN
And you're still fat out of shape if you're still a thargic wearing puktence for clothing if you have diabetes
You're close to it. Why not try balance for life. You got nothing. Lose except that dangerous fat
954 568 3229 is the number to call do it now start losing
Start losing weight and see results on the scale and just a matter of days
954 568 3229 or visit them on the web at balance for life.com
you
A
He's a bigger now-memorager baby
I got meat now all the paper says
You stole the public now
Jesse's got a love child down
You put the baby in me Jesse
Well the worst papers should be five down
And you play, you play
Like this spicy, not my dad
He's in trouble, it would say one
Yeah, oh my god, Jesse
The big pint of Clinton's team
Yeah, oh my god, me and then this is all
This was not an okay string
Damn, I'm hungry Jesse
Hang around, the obelette swears
Who she girl?
I'm a fool, darling
Expensive suit and brand new cherry girl
Baby, you eat the little baby's thing
In the limo he gave her a world
She'll be touching me without feeding me
Makes you wanna hurt
Better give me something
Jesse's got a love child down
Got the body made of juice
Well the worst papers should be five down
And you're broken around and ragged
He likes his spicy, not my old dad
I'm gonna need some more money
He's in trouble, it would say
Come on, yeah
Give me some of that red red money
The big pint of Clinton's team
Come on, it's him, yeah
Give me no something to believe
And with his balance beat
Yeah, well I can too pick
And this was not an okay string
Nothing like that Reverend money
You know that's some of the best guy that texts free Reverend money
141 votes which of these well-known blacks
Is the biggest impediment to race relations
Louis Ferrican 51
Jesse Jackson, they just aforementioned 36
Al Sharpton 25
OJ, you got 16 OJ
Deon Sanders 9 and Michael Jackson's only got four
Because like I said, he ain't black
1045, from now to sentencing decision
I'm trying Alan Mohamed
Don't you think that's a racial thing?
Of course
And I hope they're gonna like fry his ass
They're gonna give him like the needle
And then that'll be a racial thing
And then of course like that
Leibhoyd Malvod at Punk that the kid
That'll certainly be a racial thing
Even though he said
Did you hear some of his comments that he was chuckling and laughing
Is he was killing these people?
He thought it was a hoot
You know like that
But that must be because he was brainwashed in its racial thing
I have just, I'm saturated
I can't take no more of that
No, you know what I mean?
Absolutely
No more, I just can't handle it
By the way, your little name website
That's my name website?
Yeah
That change your name
Because every time if you're putting your name again
See the audience says no what you're talking about Miguel
Because we did that off the air before the show
So they have no idea
What is he talking about?
Neal's got a name website?
No, it's a, where did I find that?
What was I looking for?
Oh, I was looking under Louis Ferricon
Because I was checking for the spelling
And what is the name of that website?
FadeToBlack.com
And then slash what is it?
Name generator
Slash name generator
And then you can put in a name and then it translates it to some allegedly
African name
African name which is
Well mine is now a huggy bear
It changes every time you put in your name
Right, it's a joke
See if you look on top you see that it's a comedy thing
It's a joke
But nevertheless it will kill some good time
Anyway, sentencing has come out for 10 minutes for John Allen, Mohambe and I sure hope it's not a racial thing
I hope that when a jury announces their verdict, their decision on what they're going to do with him
Either like put them into a pine box or in the SL block
They make clear it's not a racial thing
Because otherwise people get upset
Here's some shocking news
All I better take this call first, WQ I am
Yes, I have somebody for the poll
Okay
Go ahead
Okay
Oh well Johnny Coffin, but don't I get to talk to Neal?
You're talking to him
Oh I need, how are you?
We're doing scrimless because we're training Josh to a new thing in there
He's peeing in his pants and sweating a lot
Great, so that was a fun game last night
Their colors were a little off, but you know
They looked like they're harkoons a little bit didn't they?
Yeah, but my TV might have been a little off color
And I kind of thought the grind grease was back in Denver
Yeah, now that you mention it you're right
I think a lot of people are wishing he would be
By the way, I just thought I'd mention this
Thank you for reminding me about OJ
He lives about a mile and a half for me
Thank you very much
Don't get too close, man
My wife says of all the zip codes in the United States, he had to pick ours
Exactly, while every air all the crap eventually winds up in South Florida
Neal, check it out one more thing
Okay, you shouldn't be raised certain people are not coming to work
That encourages them to come to work
I don't want to mention any names, Moe
Okay
You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely
Have a great day, Pallee
You too
Good thinking
Yeah, stay the hell away Moe
In fact, the audience has praying it's stay out a few more days
Recuperate
Plus, he's got that big game in Dallas on Thursday
Right?
Four days rest
So let's see, so that, no listen
Well, of course Thursday's Thanksgiving Day anyway
So that's good that he has to work on Thanksgiving Day
Which I am too, but only two hours thanks to his ballgame
And then Friday equate, now Friday it says here he's on
Is that correct?
I don't see why he wouldn't be on
Because the game is over by like about four o'clock
And it's in Dallas, it's only a couple hour flight, good back
So he's got no excuses, nothing to be working on Friday
Now George assuming he's recuperated from his puking out
About whatever he's sick with from his drug-induced illness again
He'll be working Friday
And I'm working on Thursday
Nice pick, Neil, thank you
Because I had a time when I did that, no idea that we had the ballgame
Anyway, can I get to the shocking news?
Please
We put Johnny Cockman on a pull now
Are you faxing these two Eric?
How are we doing this to receive listening?
Because I noticed he got neon neon on there right away
Right
What do you have to do that one?
Right
Eight minutes away from the sentencing decision on John Lee
What are void though, well in Mohammed?
Senator John Kerry is facing a backyard beating at the hands of presidential primary
Nemesis Howard Dean
Losing his own state by staggering nine points and a new poll just released today in the Boston Herald
Dean who already stole the primary leads from a faltering Kerry, New Hampshire, and Iowa
Would pummel, it says here in the Boston Herald, pummel the hometown senator 33 to 24% of the voting were held today
How do you like that?
That John Kerry is kind of scary
I think a lot of people figure that his face ought to be a Mount Rushmore because it's real craggy
But other than that, I forget about it
Worst for Kerry, Dean leads here by writing the long-time senator-supposed core base
Liberals, Democrats, and older voters
The fact that he can come into Massachusetts carries home state where Democrats are so familiar with the senator
And still have a nine-point lead, a big juicy,
Yeah
Point lead, really speaks to the strength of the Dean campaign, his own coma
I notice Greaper was not this morning either, is what Geldie was saying, what's that all about?
Well, he worked the game
Oh, gee, they worked the game last night so he couldn't come in to work this morning because he was up late till midnight
He had to work the game
Oh, brother, what kind of a bunch of pussy's we got working there in that morning show, man?
Absolutely
What?
What are Geldie's so psychotic, you should have heard him wailing to me that when I was there that last day that Friday he was wailing in a hallway
He was just almost in tears, anyway
I mean, I'm just passing that along
I don't want to stir the pottery, I mean, it's one thing to smoke it, nothing
Oh, this fact that you forwarded to me, this is a good point
See, I like Eddie Kay a lot personally, Ad Kaplan, his show is just abysmal
But he's a good guy
And unfortunately, when you're on it that hour the night, see back he used to be at night like when I used to work till midnight
We had a lot of chronic callers, but some different callers
And it was back in those days that I said, a chronic callers are the death metal talk radio
And did everything I could to discourage him and get rid of him
But Carl, Carl called this show either Thursday or Friday
Now you were working, remember?
Yeah
He's got a very distinctive voice, he's not a bad guy, but he is annoying and he calls
And he calls, he's even worse than one for Miami if that's possible
You know what I mean?
Absolutely
Because somebody says, now we're not going to put him on the pool because nobody knows who that is
But Carl, the guy who calls that Kaplan show, that's a very excellent point whoever the hell facts did it
And thank you so much, thank you very much
Let me say it again, we're not putting him on there
I have to clarify that because a lot of times he just mentioned somebody
And all of a sudden Eric is so gum-ho-ho to be on top of things
He puts it on a pool
Don't put it on the pool Eric
66 for Farrakhan, 44 for Jesse
With his love child, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton has 28, OJ's got 16, he's kind of stuck there in 16
Wasn't that Jim Plunkett's number 16?
Why did that come to mind?
Oh, I got a great story to tell you about how I don't have Alzheimer's
Don't let me forget about it
I'm serious, Dion Sanders 12
12, a dozen for Dion
And his pitmobile and his yellow catlaxseville
Oh, you scum, man, he just, oh!
Ah!
No, no, really, everything that I despise about life in general, he just, he just, the epitome of it
Even if you're forgetting about race, I don't care what he's black or purple, he just, he's just a scummy guy
Michael Jackson, four and Johnny Cochran just went on there of 181 votes, 181 votes
Ah, pretty heavy duty considering we got nobody listening
Everybody's out of town, Miguel's leaving tomorrow to go to his in-laws in Punxitani to see the groundhog stick its head out
George may be back tomorrow if he's not, you know what we have in any of the rip-jorge yet?
Boy, you've only taken two calls
I know, well that's, I'm, I'm trying to be kind, aren't I?
No!
No, I hope they do rip-in ass, I'm tired of his being sick all the time
Not that I can do anything about it, although maybe Mo would like to do something about it
Absolutely!
Mo would like to get George fired again, wouldn't you, Mo, huh?
That's, that's, that's, that's, absolutely
You scumbag, you backstabbing weasel, you man, no wonder he's got a weasel on his head
You know what I'm saying, birds of a feather flock together?
Everybody in that building, even the people that like, see this is really an indictment
Even the people who like, OJ, which I don't want to mention their names again, hate Mo
Does that tell you all you need to know about Mo?
Hey listen, if your mattress is bumping your back, we'll tell you
If your mattress is worn out, will you get up in the morning, your back will be aching
Not gonna goodnight sleep, you'll be tossing and turning, like Bobby Lewis all night
Here's the answer for you, get you a great night sleep like Miguel is doing
And I'm doing it and Boca-Bride and Pat Boy and George
And for all what it ought to do if you just stuck around other week or two
Get you a mattress and dial to mattress by making one easy call, one 800 mattress
In fact, for all past the message along he said he really cared about getting candy
Wish he could have got the mattress though before it happened
Did nobody say?
What I heard
Something like that
Anyway when you called out on mattress what a deal, they got the top names in a business
Now we've including students and bananas foster
And unbeatable everyday discount prices
No games, no bait and switch, no phony promises
They deliver and we'll talk about delivery
You picked the tour out window seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m.
And they show up whenever you want like between noon and two, one and three, two thirty and four thirty, etc.
Honest sales prices, a prop practices, fantastic service, unbeatable everyday low prices
Same day delivery and don't forget free set up removal of the crappy old betting
And it's easy to see why dollar mattress is the only intelligent way to get you a new mattress
And a great night sleep for years to come
So if you want to waste your money be my guest, go to your betting department store and just throw money away
And help pay for their big overhead if you want a great deal
Just pick up that phone right now and call them toll free
1-800-MATR-ES or check them online at mattress.com
We're supporting you 5-seater, Q-A-M
To 2-hour blowjob
Well alright
Must be the money, Dea, alright?
Absolutely
I think we'll play this in the back while we wait for this decision
John Allen, Mohamed,
I'm reading it
No one has been tested much less than X-June after that loss
So there is
There are baby grounds for appeal there
The other is Neri
200 bucks on a pool
Louis Beracan's got shut up there, I told him
Beracan 81, Jesse Jackson 50, Al Sharpton 31, OJ is about 20
You got 20, OJ, like you have a 20 to 30
The on Sanders 14, he makes my skin crawl
Michael Jackson 4 and Johnny's top ring don't have any edge
Using the car and the automobile
That was the weapon
All with eight snipers dancing
Filmed into the trunk
And they, the judge said
That is the weapon as much as the gun was the weapon
That is something that might be challenged on appeal as well
Let's talk about the history of this
Let's not, it's 1047, they were saying they lied to us on CNN
How do you like that?
Isn't that a first that they lied?
Absolutely
The girl's got a van here, you're going to be there or Josh or whoever
Who's the third?
He's going to be doing the van here
That's what you mean
What?
Oh, yo, you use
Not the Dorena Queen?
Although I understand that if you spend Dorena and give her an airplane
Spend you might win some prizes
Look for the QM fan today
I mean, given her an airplane
Spend you talk about feeding the Earth move under your feet
Five to seven to seven, the staff know that the public said
Four or one, he shared the street and day in the beach
Spend the deal for our usual very low budget QM prizes
And, most importantly, pick up your resting on merchandise
Which our new total is
What do you want to hear about it?
Oh, that's from last week
Yeah, I know, I don't have any money
A little bit
We have been very specifically
Not, we're waiting, man
Listen to this bit, that's about to be finished
This song has got another minute and 18 seconds to go
Set that aside
Oh, this is really good
Yeah, surely
One sentence to be read shortly
In other words, within our lifetime, unless you're broke real soon
For there, find out who we would be able to do
It is
Where'd you find it?
Where'd I find one?
Just off
Oh, it's in the VCS, we've had this song forever
I've been getting a big deal on fame for years
Not, although I never liked them for whatever reason
Because if we just said to drive ass hot-tries, you know, I didn't like his attitude
But when he started doing this pimping on CBS, at that point, I'm sorry
I just...
Oh
Oh, here we go, wait a minute
Because the prosecution has already arrested and the defense has started this case today, right?
They are moving quickly in the Marvo case
And that's our prosecutor's blood
This song is the same
Don't let the money change the beyond
You're still a piece of crap
Patty, can you hear me?
Patty, David?
Patty, David?
Hi, Carol, all right
We heard that the judge...
I didn't hear you, I'm sorry
We heard the judge just called the jury back into the courtroom
Can you tell us what that means?
Well, they're about to read that verdict, the judge called them back in
They've had a major-the-brain carol costume
The comment we are told is in the courtroom along with his lawyers, with the prosecutors
The judge has instructed the people in the courtroom that there can be no demonstration of any kind
Once this verdict comes down, he doesn't want any cheering, he doesn't want any loud sobbing
He just wants to...
Well, if we get to definitely go to the court, how's that?
John Muhammad is soon to hear his fate
His fate is not a rental thing, it's like a murderer thing, just like Ted Bundy, he was white
John Wayne Gacy, when he was convicted, any of the gay activists come out and say, oh, it's an anti-gay thing
I don't think so, no
On those two counts of Capitol murder, exactly what their decision is, will we allow this?
The whole way without parole in prison, or they will they send an anti-gay?
Is that correct?
Do we want his anti-gay?
That is correct
Right, how about Josh, you want his anti-gay?
Hello
I'm sorry, he's busy, he's busy
He's talking to Tommy right now
Oh, he's talking to Tommy?
Oh, that's your Tommy wants his anti-gay?
Has testified, has gone on a stand, talked about your brother
He's identified him, they've also had people, police officers identifying the murdered victims
Oh man, I'm sorry, they're so desperate, sorry for time
A lot of people are saying that they saw that Blue Chevy Caprice, that these two men, John Muhammad and Leboi Apple
Yeah, papa, papa, let us know when you get something, okay, bitch
Here's a fact from Brad and I think in Boca, somewhere in Palm Beach, who says, love the show for today's poll
The entire Martin Luther King, Jr. family, they were the service to his legacy, they do it to service his legacy by leading with their hand out and championing issues of race where there is none
Well, we can't put that on there because it's like, you know, it's not specific enough, but it's a good point and I second your emotion
Here we go
Is this the...
Yeah, decision shortly
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you
Okay
You know what this is, reminds me of?
Not of course at the same level, but the Thursday afternoon, the whole... Michael's like, oh, here comes the Lair Jet and Michael's probably in that plane and then of course a bunch of goofballs come out of there
Well, maybe he's in this one, they're sticking their nose inside the hanger there
And among... I'm victim family
In fact, Michael when he goes to bed at night, he hangs his nose on a hanger
And Joan Crawford warned him, no more wire hangers, Michael, that's what Liz Taylor keeps reminding him, no more wire hangers
Oh, so speaking of my Alzheimer's that I don't have all I'm stalling for time until I get this thing in
Yeah
So, um...
Let's go to Patty Davis now, Patty, what are you hearing?
Well, we have just learned that that jury has returned to verdict of death
Right!
Now, the terrible count is intimidation of the public
John Muhammad has received a death penalty for the count of one of the dead in death for terrorizing the public
Of course, he is convicted of another murder count as well, that is not the case
Well, that's a killing place, then, what do you say?
We're taking part in one murder
Yeah!
We're taking the here the verdict on that, that is not the case
Thank you Patty, for this big effort, what happens now?
After they've made all of their decisions
Fry his ass, that's what happens now, how do you like that? See justice?
We didn't even have to go to Don Coyon for this one
They're gonna put his ass to death and they should send a good message out to all you people, one like, you know
V scumbags that have no respect for human life, we're gonna kill your ass
I think they should tell us that don't you?
Yes
Now it'd be a good idea to get a 90's share easy
Now this is gonna be lethal injection, I guess
We don't do any of the other stuff, right?
I was asking George about that last week about the gas chamber, we don't do that no more
I don't believe so no
No, we don't do the electric chair no more, which is too bad
Because remember that one execution years ago that I made a movie about it and it was like
The electric chair was like a little creaky and leaky and it didn't work too well and I had to keep, oh geez, that was bad
What was that movie? It was a movie about that
But at any rate and of course that was kind of like a lynching
But the point being that I wish they could bring that chair back and stick his ass in her
And then put Lee Boyd Malvo in his lap
Since the two of them were so tight anyway, put him in his lap
Two for one little lap dance
And fry the ass both together
So there you go, the death penalty for John Allen, Muhammad
And the other trial is proceeding post-haste rapidly
Now, explicit let's get to the important stuff
Explicit letters and poems said to have been written by Michael Jackson who was alleged victim
Will form the centerpiece of these sex abuse case against him
Police used at least a dozen letters during the raid on Jackson's never-lend ranch last week
Remember they did that thing with a search warrant? We all wondered what the other looking for in there?
Right with the white guy
Besides little boys underpants
The district attorney has convinced these letters will be crucial to the case against Jackson
The source posted investigation said yesterday
The boy told investigators about letters and poems in their precise location inside Michael's home
These letters were among the evidences along with videotapes
They were very explicit and intimate and show a degree of familiarity
Basically they appear to be love letters from Michael to the boy
Aww
Isn't that touching? They're almost like want to shed a tear when you hear that?
The accuser, 12-year-old Los Angeles cancer victim Gavin R. Vizzo, who was in that
British interview that we saw on TV
Also told police, Jackson's pet name for him was Rubba
Here comes the part that is really just want to make you puke
Okay? His nickname was Rubba
From what he said to me street?
The boy told us first to his therapist and repeated the police the source said
He said Jackson called him Rubba because one of the games used to play was called Rubba Rubba
Just Rubba, just Rubba?
The boy said Michael told me he was my Rubba Rubba friend
Just Rubba, just Rubba?
Although police handling the case in Santa Barbara, California have been barred from revealing any details
It's understood the alleged abuse also took place in February
They were playing Rubba Rubba
And then you know what they do
You just pound it silly and then whatever comes out, you eat it
Oh, no
Jackson has said to have befriended Gavin who during your controversial British documentary screened earlier this year
Admitted having shared a bed with the singer over a long period
A source posted a 45-year-old Jackson said
But the past five or six years he's taking kids from fractured homes
And nurtured them as a father figure
As they get older he teaches them fun things to do
Ha ha ha ha, just Rubba
Michael says he learned this from an adult when he was a teenager
No one on his staff ever said anything he's a tyrant, everybody obeys the man
Another Jackson source said the boy was told of everything that went on to scrap things in Michael's closets
His bathroom and what was under his bed
In her statements to police Gavin's mother Janet Ventura, no relation to Jesse, revealed that Jackson encouraged her son to call him daddy
He used to say, who's your daddy? Who's your daddy?
Miss Ventura claimed he gave it in his two siblings were held virtual prisoners at Neverland
When she learned ever since
Accusation to molestation which included claims that Jackson applied applied him with wine and sleeping pills
She fled with her family in the dead of night
A source close to V.A. Tom Stedden who prosecuted the case said the D.A. is very confident with the evidence he has
This includes letters, videos and computer files they believe they have enough to nail Jackson
I am lost, this is 420 or 560, Q.A.M.
You're going to hell, you dad!
New this fall on Fox
It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen
Thicking a pop snuggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies
And interview some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity
Hello, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Mowgli and Disney's new animated adventure
The General Book 2
Please welcome my special guest in my bed, Haley George Osmond
Do we have to do this in your bed?
It's innocent, it's very charming
I let my children sleep with very good
So tell me, Haley George Osmond, how is it working with a lovable bear balloon?
He's not real Michael, he's a cartoon voice by John Glidman
Haley, look what I could do with this
You never know who's going to be sleeping in Michael's bed
I'm here with my next guest snuggle up in my bed
It's a big TV star
The child who plays simple woods is sun on N.Y.P.D. Blue
Hello child who plays simple woods is sun on N.Y.P.D. Blue
I'm I, huh
Would you like to play a game?
Child who plays simple woods is sun on N.Y.P.D. Blue?
Sure
Put put on this mask
I'm here with so much
Having so much fun me and my children play this game with very good all the time
Put the mask on
I can't bear it
Here, touch this one time
So grab some warm milk and cookies
Enjoyin' wacko jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before
It's sleeping with Michael Jackson, weeknight Sunfogs
Love it on 02 at 5.60 WQM Happy Monday to you
Let's see if we got to mad dog at 2
The Huppers do it to show it should was this afternoon 4 to 7
3 sound hours in the Huppers
Okay, that's enough
Panther preview at 7
A Panthus host to Buffalo Sabers at the Macarena 730
Not gonna be a big crowd for that
Not any case doing a show like Goldfingers
That get that right?
Correct
And Goldfingers at 10 to 8 night after the hockey game and then Jo and Mark overnight
Any case it was a great guy
He showed like I said
A lot of chronic regular
Well, what are you gonna do with that time of night?
You got Carl
I think Steve the Amarland's guy is probably asleep at that point
So let's hear for that J.Feeleer baby
Oh!
Good luck man
Sandy Kofak
And now J.Feeleer
The Jewish boy from Dartmouth no less pulls it out
Well who the hell are they kidding man?
He is his marginal at best
At best
As they just squeaked by against the little girls team coached by a moron
A man with moonward like that
Don't you just hate Steve Spurrier?
With a passion
This is supposed to be the holiday season Thanksgiving
We're supposed to be thankful for all our friends and loved ones and good things
We're not supposed to be spewing hate but it's more fun
Camberman collapses and dies covering Jackson arrest
This is sad
Tee on it's speaking of that
I just decided if George has like got some kind of a terminal thing heaven forbid
You know like some tanker that's just gonna eat up his whole body
A tumor
Like a no that's bad
But I'm thinking we can always bring in Ferel to just be the do his job
He's looking for work right?
And then we won't let him say anything then he won't get in trouble
Just go like that
Right?
Keep it quiet
Yeah just like that
That would be great
And like on this story
Camberman collapses and dies covering Jackson arrest
He finally had most of using hysterical
What a sad chapter
A TV cameraman who collapsed while covering puff star Michael Jackson's sensational rest in child
A station charges died a later died of apparent heart failure his station set on Friday
Bill Schieber a 43 year old camera operator for K-E-Y-T-T-V
Who fell on Thursday while racing down stone steps at Santa Barbara jail
Had suffered from diabetes the statement said the statement on his website
The station said Schieber was a touted and dedicated video journalist and a gentleman
Who'd be sorely mister
What the hell is the fact that he had diabetes had to do with it?
He fell
Did Dr. Atkins have diabetes?
No! He fell and he died
What is that?
Dozens of journalists and police officers saw Schieber fall shortly after Jackson's arrival
Several tried to render him aid before he was rushed to a hospital
But the station said paramedics were unable to revive him
So you see?
Here's another message for all your kids out there
Three words
Don't fall down
Okay?
Okay
No it's just not a good idea because when you fall
You have no idea you think oh I can brace myself like I did that time when Amsterdam and broke that finger in my hand
It could have been worse than that if I'd have fallen on my noggin
I could be pushing up days he's right now and there are people in the audience going
Oh yeah!
Wouldn't that be great?
That big cat is just for a finger?
Yeah
Wasn't it a cat? It was a splint
The cat is your whole arm
You better get with it mister
Because yeah, it was coming
Your day is coming
Yeah, I had to have that splint all the way up to my elbow for that
Then broken bow to my hand
It could be the one he is
Jackson was taken into custody on suspicion of child molestation spent less than an hour at the gym
And that's a great thing Mark Ergo says he's coming back here to face his accusers
Yeah, he is in there, he book a bomb bonds out and that's it, he's back to Vegas
Now here's the story that really set me off
I'm sorry, I'm not sorry, I just can't handle it no more
No, it just can't go on forever
There has to be a point, it's like, well, now here's one for our side like the OJ thing
And that's bull crap
That's not justice, that's horse crap
It's like, well, how many, it's like the priest, how many freebies do we get?
How many free murders do we get?
How many free molestations do we get?
None
The answer is none
What kind of a mentality is that?
I mean, the fact that people got railroaded and you know, like that thing in that small town
in Texas where they all went to jail on these trumped up charges
we talked about that story that was grotesque and it's got to be made right and it is
We called it Dudley Do Right to make it right
But this idea that these grotesque crimes that are committed, well you know, I see now we got one of ours got off
That's good, you know, that'll teach why you do a thing or two
That's bull crap, that's sick, that's sick and nauseating
It makes people get really hateful that I'm end-to-test racial relations back hundred years
Just like the Bush administration is doing
Black show business pals rally around Michael Jackson, a Hollywood silent
Rowing around pop icon Michael Jackson following his stunning arrest on child sex charges
A family and some leading figures in the African American community vigorously defended the king of pop
Against the molestation charges, close friends like Elizabeth Taylor and Liza Minotum
Remain surprisingly mumble, that was until a weekend, Liza still ain't talking
But Liz Taylor that fag has she opened up a big push over the weekend. Oh, I know he didn't do it
How does he know that? Is she like psychic powers like Shirley McClain is at the day like that he McClain?
And the other Dion
The moochie?
Oh, Dion Warwick, yeah
Fony bitch, I used to like Dion Warwick too, see that she turned me off with that Fony a psychic thing
Just like that bitcher that bitch dokostello, I used to work at power 96
What?
Bow Griffin, would that Fony a psychic thing?
And she had Shirley Peters, whose name was what that was her name?
Tempest storm or so whatever her name was?
Candy a cane?
Oh, yes, I'm a psychic. I got guaranteed. I got more psychic powers than all of them bitches put together. Guaranteed. I bet your life on it.
So before I finish with this story speaking of my Alzheimer's, I don't have episode.
So I'm second my frequent flyer miles because I'm a moron and everybody knows I'm a moron.
Thank you. And I fly all these miles and I don't join all the frequent flyer clubs and get the to use the miles.
So what the hell is the sense of continuing to pay for something you can get for free, right?
Correct.
It's like sex. Why pay for when you can get it for free?
Absolutely.
There you go. Everybody agree with that?
Absolutely.
Except for clearance, he'd pay anything and he still can't get it.
So the deal is I'm sitting here and I'm thinking about Delta. Delta.
I know I have a whole bunch of miles on Delta, but I haven't flown Delta in years. I hate Delta. Can't stand it.
See, there he goes with that hate stuff again.
And all of a sudden I'm thinking I'm just going to make numbers up.
5, 5, 5, 7, 8, you know, and the nine numbers come into my mind and I thought, how can it be?
I haven't, I don't have my Delta card with me. It's probably back at a house down there.
And I haven't used it in years and sure enough I go on to Delta Sky Miles online. I punch in the numbers.
There it is. It's my account.
Doesn't that count number?
Yes.
No, I don't believe you.
Let me say it again. Why would I make up a story like that?
I know the account number all my did is I'm not giving it on the year, but I'm just telling it right now.
What is that number? Prove it.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
I couldn't believe it. I looked on there and I said, why do I remember that?
Well, what is it? But at least I don't have no Alzheimer's.
So what was I going to talk about? Oh, yeah, this Michael Jackson thing.
As Jackson laid low with the green valley resort near Vegas where he flew in a private jet.
The Thursday after being booked in Santa Barbara accusations of racist behavior toward him began to surface.
This, if this doesn't make you just wild, I don't know what hell would.
How can you be, how can it be racist when a guy isn't even black?
And another thing about germane that's germane to the case, he comes on to it says, all people think that he's a racist.
He's a freak. He's just that we had a wonderful childhoodness and a, well, since when?
Wasn't that supposed to be part of the whole thing while he was this, this functional because his father was abusive and a drunk and all of this.
And now here's your main on there rewriting history and telling everybody how he had over there.
They all had a wonderful childhood and everything was very normal and everybody walks around looking like that.
Childhoods, the key to the problem.
God, the star's mother Catherine Jackson told the online version of Germany's Booth magazine Friday.
There were two interpretations of the law of the US, one for whites and one for blacks.
How about one for blacks that for whites that used to be black?
She suggested her 45 year old son had been tricked ahead of a major police swoop in his house Tuesday.
They swooped in.
I wonder whether somebody could have said a trap room and hidden false evidence in his house.
She said she rhetorically asked.
But insisting Jackson was not guilty, she said he was burying up under the strain of the charges and the unprecedented media attention focused on him.
Oh, yeah, I'm pressing it right.
He's not worried because he's innocent. He's very strong.
Doesn't he always give that impression to be?
Yeah, he's a talker.
When you look at him, you think you don't come any butcher than Michael.
US civil rights leader Reverend Jesse Jackson.
US civil rights leader Reverend Jesse Jackson.
Who now wrote this? Is this from what is this?
Santiago. Some Yahoo wrote it.
Called for restraint, saying his namesake deserved a trial in court, not in the media,
and expressed grave concerns over prosecutors handling of the case.
Oh, there's a lot more to this, which I'll do the break first.
A lot more to it.
Isn't that great?
Wonderful.
Do you can take anything?
I'm surprised they haven't already made this thing with John Muhammad into a ray.
Oh, yeah, they're going to off him because of the fact that he's black.
How about that green river killer that killed at least the 38 women?
Wasn't that the name of that guy that they just got a couple weeks ago?
I don't know.
They just made the deal with him and he got off from the death penalty.
They were just kidding, but I mean, they made the deal because of the fact that he gave the names of all the women that he killed.
Or at least the ones he could remember.
They offered him the death penalty.
They offered him the death penalty.
They said, oh, I can't even think of what.
What do you think?
He said, I just remember Neil's death of frequent flying number.
He said, okay, that'll do it.
1113 at 560 WQM on a tremendous Monday.
I don't know what it is, but I think this week's going to be okay.
Could be wrong about that holiday.
Everybody's taking days off.
That's what we like at a QAM.
A lot of time off.
More paid.
More vacation. That's what it's all about.
I'll tell you what it's all about.
A cello blooms fashion club years.
It's about getting looking really great.
If you want to be a slob like me, go right ahead.
If you want to look really fashionable, this is the place.
Cello blooms have been serving the men in South Florida for 40 years from that same great location.
2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue Miami Fashion District.
A cello blooms you'll find fine men's clothing from suits, sport coats, slacks, dress and sports shirts.
Ties on one of the biggest selection of designer shoes anywhere in town.
Shullies got a 10 in slacks, super 120's and 15 colors for only 60 bucks.
Georgia or Monty suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595.
You can buy them for only 795 that's about half price at Shelley Blooms Fashion Club years.
Shullies even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits, starting at just 225 bucks each.
Service selection and price.
Those are the three ingredients that have kept Shelley Blooms business in the same spot for over the past 40 years and that will never change.
The selection is unbeatable, alterations are always free and with 1000 suits in stock up to size 70, you're sure to find what you need.
They could even fit fat boy over there maybe.
So stop overspending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Blooms in the heart of the fashion district.
They're open Monday through Saturday 930 and a more until 6pm.
If you have any questions you want to compare price, just give Shelley a call.
305-573-5890.
That's 305-573-5890.
Shelley Blooms Fashion Cloders, it's well worth a trip.
My line in local, your sports radio 560, she went to UAM.
My child, my lawyer says it's worth quite well for some, because I've been looking around when excuse to explain my words.
You can recognize me.
My doctors have reached out my ethnicity and I keep children around and they sleep inside my bed.
You've turned people say that I am gay.
That is why I marry you.
Is the movie a movie?
It's way too late to compensate with the song that's really bad.
Oh, we're fine.
I believe in only one.
No.
But your aunt says your child is great now.
She was sick and tired of covering up for your ass.
Louis Farrakhan, he's off to the race.
He's off to the race.
He's on Saturday.
Michael Jackson, eight, and Johnny's cocking up four.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Who else?
And like I said, Mo this morning.
But the good line in his face is,
and he'll think the sports nerds think going to the dolphin game is traveling.
That's a great line.
That's their idea of a long trip.
It's a long trip.
They can hour back and forth from the house.
Right.
Real worldwide travelers.
Oh, went to the dolphin game.
Did you, Robbie, say to people these days,
is P.P. Park?
We went out and did a P.P. at the park.
I understand they had the,
how many people at the Rutgers UN game on Saturday?
But third, man.
That's what I heard.
I heard there was guilty doing it.
There was a Joe.
I think Little Dog was moaning about what a pathetic turn out.
You called that a crowd.
You called that a crowd.
You called that a penis.
Right. Well said, Little Dog.
That's why they call him Little Dog.
Jeez.
I don't know what the attendance was.
Does anybody know?
Does it have an idea?
I don't know.
The beast is not around to ask.
Was the beast off today, too?
No, he was in.
Oh.
I don't know because I try to avoid as much as possible of that.
Anyway, this is our Jesse Jackson going on against his.
Michael deserves due process.
The newsroom should remain objective.
And the global community must not hastened the judgment.
He said, branding the raid by up to 70 investigators on Jackson's
Neverland ranches overkill.
It was overkill.
Now for white guy would have been completely white.
If it would have been him, they were looking for evidence.
Then it would have been okay.
If it was Charlie Manson's place.
Ted Bundy's home.
If he had one.
Then it would have been okay.
The prop man now was overkill.
Singer Rick James, who looks, I mean, did you see him on TV?
Yeah, we saw him.
Oh my God.
He's here enjoying some of Popeye's and Kentucky Friday's days.
I'll tell you that.
Man, oh man.
Talk about just ballooning up.
Looks like somebody stuck up my bicycle pump and Rick James asked
and just blew it up.
He made fat rich look like Minnie Mouse.
Singer Rick James, a good friend of Jackson since their Motown
Recording Days, was blunt about what he saw as prosecutor Tom
Stedon's motives in pursuing Jackson and Childaboo's charges.
For the second time in 10 years, he's black rich and famous.
They have nothing better to do.
We said of the charges.
Then filed against Jackson.
As soon as you get famous in black, they go after you.
He told CNN.
Like Bill Cosby.
Right.
Like all the rap artists.
Right.
They go after them all.
Sure.
Jackson's brother, Germain implicitly evoked the specter of racism
against the black star, who's one of the best known entertainers on earth.
He is innocent.
This is nothing but a modern day lynching said Germain.
A modern day lynching.
Rack or P. Diddy.
And Rhythm and Blues Diva, Alicia Keys also weighed in on Jackson's side,
accusing the media of howling the battle King of Plop.
I feel offended by the way the media is handling a man who really has been a major
force in American culture since the day he was born.
Virtually Keys told reporters, I really think he deserves more respect.
Respect.
P. Diddy said, Michael Jackson has been a positive influence in my life.
I believe that.
I think they got a lot more in common than meets the eye.
The way the media is stalking him, I think it's wrong.
Even if he's in the wrong, let's at least get the evidence and give the man his day in court.
An animal-friars ass.
Jackson's goddaughter Nicole Richie, 22, whose father is Kuhner Lionel Richie,
also came to the besieged Pop Icon's defense,
saying she impals it off and slept in the same room with him at Neverland
and no inappropriate behavior ever took place.
What she was female.
Yeah, plus he had her jamb over against the side of the wall.
And look, this is portrayal high-sickie.
You weigh him.
Thomas.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
One pill makes you drowsy, my friend.
And it also makes you high.
It belongs my housemate gave me.
It may be itchy all the time.
But no-ass whalver.
Yeah, she'll keep you well-supply.
And while founding them goofballs and pill-billy her own,
bring me to a higher-ass-world plate.
I can have a groom.
Grum, do not get busted.
Thanks to my friends in a higher-world place.
Go ask Willum.
She'll get you some worse than a hand from a horseball.
I'm back, my supplicants and ready to build bulls-units the emergency music.
In other dissenters' friends, let's extract the gold out of their teeth
and donate the proceeds to the RNC as a show of life support for our glorious leader.
And go ask Willum.
She'll get you through your show by putting the logic out of proportion
to justify your even hate out my ass.
I'm talking backwards, my good old friends.
Oh, God, look at this.
Guys, please go.
Remember what Rush Limbaugh said.
All drug abusers should be dead.
I want to speak about the fact that Rush Limbaugh attacks the national inquiry
and fails to mention a few things.
When Rush Limbaugh returned to the airwaves after five weeks in rehab,
he didn't come clean about his involvement in a Florida drug ring
and he never mentioned that he's subject in an ongoing drug police drug probe.
Instead, the conservative commentator came out swinging at the inquiry.
We broke the shocking story of his long-time addiction,
the prescription painkillers and our issue, our issue published October the 2.
He told listeners, it's quite hilarious to listen to people quote the national inquiry
as the world's foremost authority, and I'm here to tell you that they're not.
What you know, what you think you know, you don't know.
Don't make the national inquiry the authority on this story.
We reported that Limbaugh bought tens of thousands of pills from the housekeeper
at his Palm Beach mansion.
The details of the inquiry's scoop were later confirmed by other top news organizations across the country.
Sources say Rush's housekeeper wasn't the only person supplying him with narcotics
and he remains part of a drug probing Palm Beach County, which has led to two arrests so far.
All right.
The investigation is ongoing and more arrest or possible.
A law enforcement source familiar with the investigation told the inquiry.
Rush may be out of rehab, but he's not of the woods yet as far as cops are concerned.
Rush's admitted his addiction to prescription drugs, but the thing to remember is he didn't have a prescription.
How do you like that, Rush?
Pop a few more, you idiot.
He's still popping.
Oh, by the way, they had that big outdoor hockey game.
The first regular NHL hockey game ever played outdoors in Edmonton Saturday night.
For the call.
And the old timers game that preceded it.
And the US networks are so hockey intensive they didn't even televised.
Needless to say here, starting at 430 in the afternoon with the old timers game.
And right through the conclusion of the least 531 over Vancouver at about one o'clock in the morning.
There was like eight and a half hours of hockey.
We're talking, baby.
But the US and you wonder why there's no hockey fans in the most of the US?
Because they don't do anything for it.
That was a great spectacle.
It was minus 25 degrees Celsius, who's 25 below zero.
And they were playing hockey.
And even as patriotic as most Canadians are when they said,
ladies and gentlemen, please rise and remove your caps to honor the flag and the out of here and play the old Canada.
A lot of people kept their tukes on.
Well, exactly.
They said their ears were more important than the patriotism.
You think?
Anyway, getting back to this very important story.
Jackson's Goddaughter Nicole Richie 22, his father is a screw in her line with Richie.
I read this, but it's a, you've got to have this as a prelude.
Also came to the besieged pop icons, defencing.
She and pals had often slept in the same room with them and never landed that.
No inappropriate behavior took place.
And they always used this line.
It was like absolutely nothing more than just an adult kind of wanting to be a kid again.
She told the exes Hollywood entertainment TV show Thursday.
The man is 45 freaking years old.
Hello, the toy's Earth kid.
45 years old.
We've been hearing this excuse for the last 20 years now.
He just wants to go and have the childhood he never had before.
rapper LL Cool J said need to have the charges or the media hyperbole surrounding them.
Would dim his support for Jack O.
I'm a fan.
I support him 100,000,000% until I see evidence.
I'm not going to be convinced.
I'm not going to be brainwashed.
But I like that.
Liza and Ellie had no comment.
Interesting.
And Liz Taylor finally this weekend opened up her big mouth at FagHag.
The world's number one.
Oh, I know he didn't do it.
He's not guilty.
Yeah, the idea.
All of a sudden a crap.
So there you go.
Haven't had anybody.
It's almost noon.
We have had nobody call on the ripped George.
Now these are sick today, which I gave you.
We invited.
Usually we don't have to invite, you know what?
It just volunteer usually.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Not a call we're doing screenless today.
And not a call on the board.
We took the role already.
What the hell do people want?
We took two calls.
That's like one an hour.
And that's plenty as far as I'm concerned.
Which of these well known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations?
We're asking on the orangeers.com.
347 votes.
WQAM.
New.
Yes, sir.
I just told earlier, Michael Irving.
I hate him.
I hate him.
Do you?
He's a fifth sub.
Coke taking.
Smith and Colt.
Now he's got a job on.
He has to be in.
He should fire his ass.
And a new rip it on.
People taking off.
And you're the person that takes off the most.
I know that's why that's why I do it.
That's the idea.
That's the idea.
A 347.
Louis Farrakhan 131.
Jesse Jackson 89.
Al Sharpton 58.
OJ has got.
BOTTERDEMAN.
Deon Sanders 24.
Nice going.
Deon you go boy.
Michael Jackson 9.
Johnny's cup and got six.
That's right.
You're just jealous, loser.
You're just jealous.
Because I take off whatever hell I feel like a man.
And big, big checks come in.
In fact, look at the calendar.
Tomorrow is the 25th of the month.
You know what that means?
It means I got a big fat one tomorrow and a check two.
You're just jealous.
The Humper, he's making a fortune.
I don't have no idea how much Hank makes between the SPN and the station.
He's pulling in some big bucks when you have a big gambling habit like that.
You have to end a big eating habit.
Nice going, Humper.
We got Kim Bo-camper.
Actually, my dog is working today.
Oh right.
He's pretty unusual for him.
Let's see how many days is he working this week?
One, two, three.
Definitely not Thanksgiving Day.
And four on Friday.
It's a four out of five.
Okay.
Now let's see.
No mode today.
Most doing a ball game on the Thursday.
So that's the work day for him and Mandage.
And it says Mo on Friday.
Am I working on Friday?
No.
I'm taking off at noon on Thursday because there's a ball game on.
No.
So I got a day and a half off.
So like the guy said, I get more time off than anybody.
That's the way I like it.
Oh right.
You bet.
Why not hold on?
Right?
I'm old and feeble.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yeah, they'll please.
Yes sir, speaking.
Hey, hey, whoa.
My God.
They're going to blive, huh?
Exactly.
I can rip George.
Go ahead.
Hey, look, he's out.
I turned it off.
You know, I solved that problem really easy.
Right.
And I want to compliment you on your sponsors.
Can I do that?
Sure.
Go ahead, please.
Did you hit the Zikano's over there and full-outed up?
Right.
They're getting an Abbott's machine in there.
Oh, that's the Abbott's Frozen custard.
Abbott's Frozen custard.
Now we're talking, baby.
Now that time people will be walking around with a big smile instead of a front on their
push.
It'll be sitting in a shell hot.
Okay.
I did it.
Thanks for a good news, Pally.
They're getting an Abbott's Frozen custard machine, which of course, back in Rochester
years ago at the Vick and Irves and Don and Bob's in the Nick Taues.
And I guess maybe not.
I don't know if Nick Taues had the Frozen custard, but anyway, the other places did.
And man is that good stuff.
Better than ice cream.
You ever have frozen custard?
No.
Like almond fudge, frozen custard.
Oh, man.
Chocolate almond fudge.
Man, you'll be packing it.
Anyway, I never finished the pull result so far.
Get with it.
I'm all over the place.
We're doing the AOR format today all over the road.
Poor Josh is sitting in there.
He doesn't know whether the screamer pealed banana because he got what about two minutes training
on Friday?
Probably all right.
See, but the coast is sure I'm all heart.
I'm not forcing him to answer the phone.
And everything is just kind of like laid back.
Now through the end of the year, it's the holidays.
Take a lot of time off.
Believe me, we will.
Jury recommends death for sniper John Mahabit.
And now the jury members are coming out just like it was a ball game.
You know, just like we just finished a ball game.
And now they're all standing in front of the microphone.
Or multiple people that are prepared for a year.
And then all of a sudden.
But a beep.
But a boop.
But everybody's got something to say.
Yeah, because they need to fill up the time, right?
CNN, MSNBC, Fox, all of these.
They got to fill up the time.
Any something on the air with a bunch of slime.
352 votes.
Which well known black is the biggest impediment to race relations?
Louis Ferrican, 132.
Jesse Jackson, 90.
Al Sharpton, 59.
OJ 31.
Deon Sanders, 25.
Michael Jackson, 9.
Because most people don't consider him black.
And Johnny Cochran, 6.
So that whole story about the race relations.
It's just, it's just got to appeal your pants laughing.
Right?
It's just make sense.
When anybody thinks of Michael Jackson,
does the word black enter their mind?
No.
Is there any chance you think him is being like even like Mocha?
My and local.
This is 4205 City.
UAM.
Am I junior, honey?
I believe we're ready now, though.
Yes.
Congratulations, Mr. Jackson.
Here's your new baby boy.
Would you prefer paper or plastic?
Classic, please.
I can't wait to get your room, shall we?
And show you your new classifier.
You're my big, three-dispirited.
What a lovely way to perpetuate my better feeling.
I think you just stayed at your home.
You won't need a crib,
cause I'll cut it up close to be your love.
Oh, I want you to hold it.
Oh, to follow and grow up late.
You'll get all you're deserving.
My lovely, unsweathing.
On 2, reach 13.
Your my big, three-dispirited.
Come out, son of daddy's life.
We have the game to play with you.
Daddy wants you to find some magic food.
Oh, shall we?
Also commenting on Jackson's situation
for Quincy Jones.
Remember Quincy Jones in that video we are the world?
Call him with her.
No, but don't you remember he was like directing
and he looked like a mannequin.
His arms were like very strange.
Anyway, Quincy Jones, one of the most influential producers
in the music business who all says he sends his prayers to Jackson,
comedian Steve Harvey, and rapper Missy Elliott.
Elliott says he praised that Michael Jackson didn't do what he's accused of doing
because he is the biggest influence in her life.
He describes herself as ready to fight for Jackson.
She says, some of her support comes from the fact that she too was his celebrity
and knows what it's like to be judged.
But Elliott notes that if Jackson is Gully,
it's something you'll have to take up with God.
Please.
Huh?
If he's Gully, he'll have to take it up with God.
Just like all of them Catholic priests, they have to go to the Lord
and they have to go to the rectumry and pray that God will forgive him.
I personally don't think Michael is Gully said Harvey.
I really don't think it is in him to harm a child.
I really really don't.
I really think it will help in clearly in the quote of public opinion
since celebrity attorney Trent Copeland on CBS News' early show.
I think from the evidentiary standpoint,
these people could also serve as character witnesses for Michael Jackson.
That could be quite an important for him.
In her written statement, Liz Taylor predicts Jackson will be vindicated
the Faghag actress who has a few things in common with Jackson,
including having been a child star, winning every award early in her career
and experiencing more heartbreak than romance.
Also, it's the way the media has been covering the story.
The first thing she said was,
I thought the law was innocent until proven Gully.
I know he's innocent.
I hope they all eat crow, said Taylor,
who's refusing to comment on cameras they protested the media treatment of Jackson.
Plus, she looks like hell.
For his part, Jackson addressed his fans directly via his new website,
saying the child molestation allegations made against him are predicated on a big lie
and then it will be exonerated in court.
I guess they figured we all have Alzheimer's, you know what?
We all forget these things from 10 years ago.
Right, including that unauthorized biography and Latoya statement
which now we find out she was coerced to read and somebody just made it up to her.
Right.
We were just kidding.
Because they wanted on the gravy train because that new number one's,
the new CD is number one in England already and record in the dough.
And this goes on and on.
And what was the settlement, 20 million, 20 million in the civil suit, 93.
20 million.
And it's, oh yeah, we don't want to go through all of that here.
We'll take the 20.
Thank you.
Just sign right here.
You know, also speaking of the way the media manages the news
since they're like now heavy duty on this,
the sentencing for a John Mohammed.
Remember in the Movedisha, the American troops that were dragged through the streets,
right bodies.
In most of the weekend, Iraqi teenagers dragged the bloody bodies of two American soldiers
from a wrecked vehicle and pummeled them with concrete blocks yesterday,
witnesses said describing a burst of savagery in a city once safe for Americans.
Another soldier was killed by a bomb and US Allied police chief was assassinated
as the butcherie continues that spelled BUSH-ERY.
The US-led coalition also said a grounded commercial flights after the military confirmed
that a missile struck a DHL cargo plane that landed Saturday at Baghdad International
with its wing of flame.
It was flaming.
Nevertheless, American officers insisted they're making progress in bringing stability to Iraq
and the US appointed Governor Council named the ambassador to Washington
and Iraqi American woman who spent the last decade lobbying US lawmakers
to promote democracy in her homeland.
And also we had another tragedy.
We had another chopper that went down in Afghanistan, your Kabul,
five Americans killed there.
It just goes on day after day after day after day after the no end in sight.
I just mentioned that in passing too since nobody seems to care.
We have bigger fish to fry, right like Michael.
There you go.
And like John Mohammed, every one of the jurors coming out.
Other people's children.
There you go.
They all got something to say.
56670560.
It's Rick George and Ashtay on QAM because he's out sick for a change.
This business of calling in sick and not showing up every day.
Like I said, it's very important if you've got anything at all in you.
You show up for work every day.
There's a little message for all your kids out there.
Don't be taking a lot of time off.
Don't be calling in sick.
Don't be finding excuses not to show up.
Right?
I should try that.
That's what Doreen said.
You've got to stick with it.
Put your nose to the grindstone.
Put your finger in my WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thanksgiving for everybody at QAM.
And I have some call upon to...
That's Reverend Jones.
Reverend Jones, who just announced for thanks.
You're going to give us something a bit thankful for.
He's leaving the planet.
He's going to Uranus.
I thought it was him like the first two.
Yeah, he's moving right up here.
We'll take care of you, man.
I got a lot of Arab connections up here.
WQAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just like to say, I have, uh,
what's the difference a long time?
You've got on to a, like, Kennedy situation when it's week-a-lil bit.
Right.
And I watch most of those specials.
And I, I said, our government has covered up that for 40 years.
It's unbelievable.
Right.
Because to see his head get shot from the front and go back.
There's no way that one guy can do that.
When the ball is coming from behind him,
if I should just went forward.
No, no, no.
That's not necessarily true.
I would disagree with you on that because the forensic experts will tell you that the reaction of the head is some,
it's unpredictable.
In other words, that doesn't really tell you which direction the shot came from.
What the clue is, they had Nellie Conley was out with King on Saturday night.
And she has, and she maintained it.
John Conley is a wife.
She was in the car.
And she knows that there were three shots.
She was there.
She heard them very distinctly.
John Conley himself always until his death.
He always maintained it.
There were three shots.
He should have known.
He was in the car.
And she says, you know, the idea that one bullet was suspended in midair for a second and a half after it came through Kennedy's neck.
And then, which clearly the whole in his neck was an entrance wound, not an exit wound,
which they covered up and changed the diagram.
But, you know, people over there know what happened.
And the other thing is, is picked up the present date.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
And the other thing that happened was that one bullet was in the car.
All those thousands and thousands of body bags coming back.
All those thousands of body bags coming back.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
58,000 to be more or less.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
And let's go after the real terrorists.
Our thought to be so traumatized after being taken to a place of safety,
they might never return home.
What are we going to do about that?
What are we going to do about that?
Take them over to Halea.
They can hang out with the ones in the infield there.
I wonder if those Halea, the flamingos are still at Halea.
I wonder if those Halea, the flamingos are still at Halea.
I wonder if those Halea, the flamingos are still at Halea.
I wonder if those Halea, the flamingos are still at Halea.
They used to have the flamingos out there, and every now and then when it was feeding time,
the guy would come to train her and he'd like blow his whistle,
and they would all like goos step around, just like the American public.
It was great.
The historic fabric of the palace was also damaged.
His high tech lengths were fitted freewashed leader and his honorized during history day stay with the queen.
The palace's head gardener, Mark Lane, speaking of Kennedy conspiracies,
but not the same one, was reported to be in tears when he saw the scale of the damage.
The queen has every right to feel insulted the way she's been treated by Bush,
said her palathin cider, and it goes on and on about to cost this too freaking bad.
Okay, you silly as Brits.
Her bushes were mistreated.
Yeah, too freaking bad.
Oh, look at this, GOP, drool's over Dean Ray.
Oh, yeah, they're counting there at Chickens Arbiter.
They're hoping that the dean gets it because they think he'll be like another Michael Dukaka.
I don't think so.
Boy, the stuff that you're sending me on a fax machines enough to make me just want to gag.
Why are you doing this?
It's just like getting even to George Cardin tell you to do that?
Well, sending me some real swill.
It's all I've got.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I don't need, I got a whole pile here, man.
Believe you me, I got piles.
I'm kidding, you think fat piles.
Look at this.
Poll show Massachusetts gay marriage ruling.
Okay.
Okay.
Two new polls released yesterday show Massachusetts lawmakers could be bucking public opinion
if they try to thwart the Supreme Court Judicial Court's ruling last week that found the state's ban on gay marriage unconstitutional.
50% of Massachusetts residents surveyed for Boston Globe WBZ TV poll said they agreed with the ruling while 38% of polls,
50% yes, 38% nay.
A separate Boston herald poll yesterday said 49% support legalized gay marriage, 38% against.
Both polls conducted after Tuesday's ruling had margin of sampling air plus a five.
If people want to be together, who cares let them said Bill love 32 nightclub owner in Worcester or some goya might say,
Worcester.
In its ruling Massachusetts, well, we know that.
Both polls released yesterday found opposition to the proposed constitutional amendment, 53% of polls and 36% in favor.
Constitutional amendment that the governor wants giving same sex couple something short of marriage and they would ban gay marriage and effectively squirt the rule.
That's right.
They want to constitute amendment, of course, the right wingers in the U.S. they want to have a real constitutional amendment for the entire country.
That's right.
Two thirds of the states would have to ratify it.
Sightifying marriage.
One man, one woman, all this other crap because God only knows what's going to happen if these fact merges their pop it up all over the place.
So in sacred.
Just unacceptable.
But then again if Cubans give them a good like Miguel, then we already have gay marriages.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on EAT and T in Verizon wireless line.
They've been pretty nice to George today.
Have any so far?
He might actually come back tomorrow.
WQ I am.
Hey, now.
Yes sir.
Do you celebrate?
Do you like eat sir?
No, I don't.
WQ I am. Hello.
Any help?
Yes sir.
It's definitely a pharmacon.
Yeah.
And then why would you care about anything here? You're up there.
No, why would you care about anything here? You're up there.
No, there's there's there's there's there's you know it's amazing to me.
We should have three by five cards. Then you automatically know what is.
Why would you care about this? Why do you care about California?
That's the way this guy always sounds. Then we have the one guy that crazy dentist.
Do you have the courage to hear what's about as always start the same way?
They've got to have a written down.
Maybe that's one of the reasons I am here asshole.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th.
In addition to which I don't have to talk to a bunch of morons every day when I walk.
As soon as the show is over man, I talk to like friendly decent nice people.
Not saying we don't have some assholes here.
But generally speaking much better temperament much better behaved.
More civilized.
There's the operative word baby civilized you get it civilized as opposed to.
Just always angry always pissed off always hostile.
I was discussing that with a friend yesterday when you're in a place when you live in a place.
You start behaving like the people there when you replace where the people are friendly and nice and low key.
You act friendly and nice and low key when you replace where the people are angry and husband.
It's like when you vote in New York and it's the hustle and bustle and everybody's running and pushing and shoving and rude and all of that.
You start behaving like that too. It's for even just for survival sake.
You can't what I'm saying when in Rome.
That's right so when it's off Florida be like that.
Which is fine with me because I get paid the same regardless.
How many QAM hello.
QAM sausage don't you complain.
How many QAM hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey everyone knows how nasty toward the teeth are?
Never really noticed I try not to look that close.
Why even the.
I think it's a meat and ass.
Yeah is that what it is?
I might be you guys got a good dental plan there and I know.
Figure there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 but they got some weak material today.
No wonder they've been pretty nice to George very weak.
I know it's a holiday.
We don't respect too much and I do what and Monday and I got this big problem stuff anyway.
But they want calls man.
He won a lot of calls on here.
We've been sure changing the first two hours.
So make up for this.
Our line line is always good.
It's always a local call on long distance line QAM hello.
Hey Neil.
What's the article you read about the weapons?
We get attacked.
Yeah.
Where do you have a copy of that?
I'm sorry.
Do I have a copy of it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have it on your website.
No.
And the reason I don't have it on the website is because I couldn't do a link on it.
Where the hell is that?
I got it here.
It's on newsmax.com.
It's by John O Edwards.
Don't read the rest of newsmax.com.
It'll write your brain.
But it's by John Edwards Friday November 21st.
General Frank Stout's Constitutional Survive WMD attack.
Newsmax.com.
Any WSMAX?
Thanks.
This is your listener and link in Nebraska.
All right.
Have a great time.
I mean, for me to recommend an article on newsmax.com.
But again, they're quoting Tommy Franks and they're quoting from an interview in Cigar
Fishing Outta, which is hardly a right wing or left wing or any other kind of wing propaganda machine.
When we were doing them cigar spots, we never thought, oh my god.
It's a cigar fishing out.
It must be communist though or a fascist or something like that.
Did we?
No.
No.
Even though Fidel does like the big fat one.
But then so again, did Bubba?
Anyw.
56670560.560 on EAT and T-Line.
Don't forget the QM fan and Miguel will be 5 to 7 to 7.
The public's 401.
He's sharing street and day.
And you've each been the wheel for prizes, which aren't much but it's the best we can do.
And pick up your best and yell merchandise.
CDs and then Mohawar David and Keychains, which I have run here and nearly got deported.
When they found that thing laying around.
They said you Mo.
W-D-Q-A-M?
Hi, yes.
Speaking of.
Speaking.
Hi, yes, Neal.
I was calling on, you know, first time calling.
But I listened to you all the time and freely jumped into the time.
But I was curious as to what brings out the hatred of Louis Ferris.
You have to ask that question.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, I mean, like from a black perspective, I know him.
I mean, I know his doctor.
Pretty much.
And what is that?
What is his doctor besides hate?
What else is there they preachers?
He's actually preaching for the upliftment of his people much as.
What's the sky was in jail?
That way, the yellow guy.
For not so much hatred of other people as much as, you know, black folks doing back.
Right.
Like when he talks about that gutter religion and all this other stuff that he spews?
Uh, yeah.
Now he can't say something about it's a better religion.
And you know, a lot of religions are better religion.
And that's your philosophy more than that.
No, I'm not philosophy.
Is all religions are better religions?
Yeah, but like when you got black folks messed up as bad as we are.
And you know, at this point, uh, like, what, what, what, what does that mean?
Messed up as we are.
What, why are you, uh, black people?
You're black, you're black, you know, you, you're working at, you, you drive through neighborhoods.
You see the conditions that we're in now.
I, I follow you since, uh, KAT.
Yeah.
You used to be my champion, you know, like most of the time, if you're, your position on a cause with almost echo magnitude of car.
I guess you know, I know, you know, you must have got some rocks thrown at your red or some.
But you turn on black.
This one black man's perspective.
I turn on, what do you mean I turn on blacks?
I turn on red.
No, you, you, you, you really protect about black folks too much.
You, you used to be my champion.
I don't know what happened, but thanks, I'm, as we get older, thanks to, as I get older.
I used to be your champion, but now because of the fact I don't like Louis Ferrican, I'm not your champion.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
In other words, there are no black people whose behavior or attitudes deserve to be criticized.
Yes, yes, yes, by, all means.
And I, I'd be the first one to, the point I, most of them, say, here, you, you, you, you, you, you.
But if you're to, if you're to defend it, Louis Ferrican, my friend, you, you can talk until the cows come on me, not going to convince me.
Okay, but, but I'm just saying like, I could understand a white person not wanting to be with, but, uh,
in addition to which, let me say this, you're, you're, your beef isn't with me because I didn't vote for a Louis Ferrican on a poll.
I voted for Deon Sanders because I find him repulsive.
Or wherever the fact of the matter is, and you can argue with the rest of the audience could 162 of them, uh,
38% are voting for Louis Ferrican.
I didn't vote for him.
They're voting for him.
But if we would listen, I'm just speaking from a black perspective.
Yes.
We listen to a little bit more of what he said on the positive side.
Many of us have faced stupid stuff, you know, and I mean, you're included.
But if we, we, black folks would do a little bit more of the positive thing like the family and then we,
we wouldn't be like, you know, looking like, maybe look at that.
I really should be there when I ride to and I see what's happening.
I should look like a beautiful folks.
I was one of the black, tyrant, hell no, I won't go as a person.
Well, what do you mean, look what they did to my folks?
What does that mean?
I don't understand what that means.
Like, I really, I think.
When I lived in Detroit and I had friends of mine in Detroit in the most fashionable,
expensive neighborhoods is where they lived and very multi-million dollar houses.
And then I went back 20 years later and the entire neighborhoods were black and all those beautiful houses.
I would turn it into a gigantic slum.
I didn't white people do that?
I'm Neil.
I'm just sorry, I just got me right right now.
I'm in Ovalaca, right?
And the money that's made as a result, I actually got the phones where drugs are allowed to be sold.
And what, the money that's being made in this area from the drug sales, not in this area.
Like that, but you know, they're bringing it in and this is just a way.
Listen, I want to run them out.
I don't have all day for like a, I understand what you're saying, but what we'll do is we'll give Russia's phone number
to dress before it shows up and you can put it around the hood and make the money down here.
Have a great holiday, man.
Yeah, it can go to pedal some good stuff in a hood with the, we're Russia's in New York.
Cop of you, oxy.
1214 at 560 WQIM.
Oh, and what is this from a Teddy, chronic Teddy?
Couldn't resist the managed philosophy.
There's always a shoeless man's thing out there.
Well, what is, oh, this is, oh yeah, chronic Teddy, chronic Teddy, looking Georgia's butt again.
And what are Georgia's infected?
The Julius, of course, radio 560 WQIM.
Here.
He turned, he turned the books.
Then hit David Gast.
I want to leave a mark on you, the size of New York.
Kick you with pointed shoes for wearing my dress.
I have just one remark for you.
You talk, you talk.
When I get lit up on the meanin' day in the wild.
And I don't have any qualms back about hitting girls.
Your beauty brown eyes will be black today.
I'm gonna muck the floor with you.
You talk, you talk.
If you don't want to get hit, you'll hide in the closet.
That's why we're through you.
Talk, you drowsards.
1220 at 560 WQIM.
Anyway, I glossed over this fact from chronic Georgia liquor Teddy Botswana in Miami.
Right.
And I shouldn't have done that because during the break I read it again because I didn't understand the full impact.
I mean, the tremendous blow that I took from this fact.
He says, hey, Neil and Scott.
Well, guess what, Teddy?
Scott ain't here no more.
Either Scott.
That's number one.
Secondly, I wasn't gonna do it.
I guess is what he meant, but I couldn't resist.
Yeah, you can't resist.
Georgia doesn't need you to defend him.
Georgia's job is secure.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
You have to worry, Teddy.
He'll, uh, although we are gonna send you for the holidays at a gigantic, life-sized Georgia because blow up, duh.
It says, I'm one who believes in the managed philosophy.
There's always a shoeless man standing outside the door, but at this point, I don't think it's George who should be looking over his shoulder on off days.
Happy Gable Gable, Teddy Botswana in Kindle.
Meaning that I should be looking over my shoulder because George is waiting in the wings.
You want to stay that?
Yeah, I'm not.
Georgia's waiting with a big turkey wing over his shoulder.
And he's just waiting there for the day that I croaked or just shoved me out the door.
Hey, guess what, Teddy?
I got a real good contract, okay?
I'm not looking over my shoulder.
You'll be fine.
You think?
Yeah.
Oh, we're fine.
We're okay.
I mean, I realize I'm getting pretty old and feeble and not nearly as entertaining as George is, but nevertheless, Teddy, I do the same, you know, feeble thing every day, day after day, and somehow he seemed to me as just squeaking by.
Seriously, I mean, I know we all have our groupies.
We all have those people who hate us, but this guy, it's beyond, it's beyond love.
Whatever the state of mind, whatever the state of the emotion is, it's way that transcends love.
That's Teddy and George, although I think it's one sided.
No, it's probably not one.
George likes a little lick here and there.
You know what I mean?
Brackdom.
176 for Louis Ferrican.
Yeah, why not?
How was that to my dark friend?
And I think give me a what for all though, of course, I do agree with those 451 or 176 people.
Ferrican got 176, which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations?
Louis got 176.
Jesse Jackson, 109.
He ain't no Washington violet.
Al Sharpton 80, OJ 37, D on Sanders 29.
He's got nearly 30, man.
Michael Jackson, 11 and Johnny's Cochrane got 9.
And maybe we'll have some very articulate people called in today and tell us why they find Louis Ferrican to be so divisive and hateful.
And a bad, bad, bad, that thing about he drives around and see what they've done to my black phone.
I don't understand what he's talking about, do you?
I didn't get that.
I mean, I realized that America is still an extraordinarily racist country in every respect, but never less.
In fact, what I look at Neon Dion on there in his pinstriped suit, drive it his pimple belled right on the set.
And it seems to me, last time I checked, he was black, right?
Yeah.
Because that was Reagan's answer to solving the problems of the black community in America.
He was going to like expand the NBA to 6000 teams.
Didn't work.
WQAM.
Hey, Mr. Roger.
Yes, sir.
Good.
Were you able to locate that practice in the book, Alfred, and Reffersel,
and have gotten these.
I haven't done it yet.
I think it's around $8.58.59.
This isn't Carl, is it?
No, no, no.
Oh, thank goodness.
You sound a little bit like Carl.
I got panic.
Listen, listen.
Also, do you have any information about what the Republicans did over the weekend in Carl's month?
How they're trying to mend the rules to a shamness of prescription drug bills?
Yeah.
Okay, can you have a little more?
What do you mean do I have any information about?
They're shoving it down to old folks' throats.
Right, right.
I'm going to give you an analogy of what they're trying to do.
Okay, it's right.
Trying to give a young child from candy that's for it.
And when someone tries to stop you from giving it to the young child because they know it's for it, then they tell the kid,
oh, look, he doesn't want you to get this candy.
This deal has side nobody.
Right.
That's a big drug company.
They're going to take all the money.
And why should they, why should that surprise you?
This is the Robin Hood administration.
Take them the poor and give to the rich.
This doesn't surprise us.
Robin Hood, you're calling them show every day with this stuff.
Actually, you know how to do.
You know what's going on with you up there.
There's a reason for you have this stuff.
They wouldn't get privy to anyway.
So I want to tell you, I read more about what's going on in the world on the internet in one day than most of these people do in a lifetime.
Okay, so you know what's the end?
I got CNN.
I got MSNBC.
I got all three American networks.
Plus, I got BBCN, CBC just to top it all off.
So I got some idea what's going on.
I'm going to be honest with you, Mr. Rodgers.
Every since you started with enlightening up the West going on.
You know, I used to be one of those ones.
I'm a big sports word.
I'm a big sports word.
I was wondering what one of those things was ready.
But now I watch the news.
I start watching the news.
I watch the TVC or I watch the BBC.
You can't get any news.
These people ain't going to tell you what's going on in America.
That is correct.
I'm going to tell you what's going on with this.
Listen, the Republicans admitted the rules.
They stopped the debate.
And I love it.
For three more hours, the President was going to call people in Twitter to say, hey, if
you're a very good one, you know, get you out of Congress.
Hey, they'll jam it, true.
They'll jam it, true.
You already had this, you know, fine sign a couple of other Democrats caving in.
They'll jam it, true.
But I just need to know about this.
And they're going to come out and say, you're against the seniors.
And the seniors don't say, oh, you're the Democrats don't want us to do the bill.
But the bill is for us.
Well, I don't know.
Ted Kennedy was on this morning on CNN.
And then screaming about the fact that most senior citizens are against it in spite of the
AARP.
And even only 18% of the AARP's members are in favor of it.
So what does that say?
They were on the line.
They were on the line.
They were on the line.
By the pharmaceutical companies.
That's the other correct.
They were on the line.
They have a good thing.
They have a good thing.
They have a good thing.
Come up to Canada by some drugs cheap, pal.
All right, what is it?
All right, Russia's House.
One of the other.
Okay.
A lot of people looking for drugs, man.
And the way things are going, I can't blame them.
There's an article in village voice you might want to read.
I don't want to do the whole thing.
It's not that good anyway.
By James Ridgeway, Rommie's kids.
But the reason I mentioned that is he quotes Tommy Franks in the interview in cigar fishing
out of that was reprinted in newsmax.com, that right wing piece of crap.
And this article doesn't go anywhere.
Because he's just tying together a whole bunch of unconnected things Richard Pearl said this.
And crazy general William Boykin said that about the Christian nation.
And Rumsfeld said that.
And Tommy Franks said this.
And I think to sum it all up, you could do it in three words.
Oh my God.
Right.
26 past noon at 560 WDQM.
Big news.
Halib Pontiac GMC is now auto city Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Our good close personal buddy, Tom Leman, a soldier of the leadership to Lumberto Perez of Auto City View of Pontiac GMC of Homestead.
And you can expect the same great Neal deals and customer satisfaction that you were accustomed to.
As Halib's longtime general sales manager Joe Prieto is still in charge.
He's still running a tight chip. Believe me, it's pretty tight.
Stopped by Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest for great Neal Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock.
Take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save you up to nine grand with rebates and incentives right now.
And as always Neal deals continue with the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
And the same great location, 134-01, South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 across in the fall shopping center open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info, you know what to do.
Call that Neal Rogers Neal Deal Hotline Tool-free at 1-888-534-40-11.
That's 1-888-534-40-211.
Keep in mind all offers subject to credit.
A publicity to good folks at Auto City Pontiac GMC for details.
The new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure.
This is sports radio bike city.
UAM.
Oh, this sign I used to say to Robbie with dark.
And now they're calling it pro player card.
Cause root of the loom.
Said it's time for a change.
The new rule's on.
You have to show up in your underwear.
And though I nuggle is allowed in there.
So you'll have what's a fun.
Checking out those phones.
My zippers flying down.
So I can get my picks up.
When the game is over tight.
Guess like my grood of a loom is back around.
Over my bolting mouth.
Now you can see a lot more at the game.
Since everybody is undressed and saved.
And you can look around.
Cause she was hanging down.
This is paradise now.
I never realized that the good it would feel being loud.
And my jockey never put ball fields.
And it's the Robbie and Gunner.
And now it's B.D. Park.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look at this.
It's kinda blonde man.
I'm not on the stand.
I'm on the right.
I don't move on.
Check that.
That's right.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Wow.
Right.
Good.
I ate an eight-and-eight at the full-up of all stands.
And that the new team has got underwear bands.
Poor chicks and stared.
Had the fun known up above.
At their title's up love.
I've never realized that the good it would feel being loud.
And my jockey never put ball fields.
And it's the Robbie and Gunner.
And now it's B.D. Park.
Oh right.
Take all the D.D. Park.
Let's take a D.D. Park.
Take a C.D. Park.
Take a C.D. Park.
We're here to man, baby.
Let's toss them football.
Okay.
Now just, I listen this morning.
That's because you left me hanging here.
It's not your fault because George didn't bother telling anybody
who's gonna be out sick.
But I'm sitting here because I usually, I'm done with my S.H.
is, you know, my shower, my shave, my other one.
And about 7.45 in the morning.
I sit here and enjoy just already by that time in the sit-in at chair.
And it's, but I'll be put about when we start B.S.
and about whatever the events of the day are.
He fills me out what's going on in the U.S.
because I'm so isolated.
And this morning I'm sitting here all the way till 8.30.
Okay, suck it up.
All alone.
No, you had Joe.
And I had Gildi before that.
Do you know what's like getting up early in the morning here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, I mean, don't get me wrong.
Yeah.
I'd rather here Gildi any day than here in, you know, who?
Absolutely.
But nonetheless, he's a little shrill early in the morning.
And then of course, Joe came on.
I love Joe Rose. He's a good guy.
And all that other stuff.
But, but the callers with this, I don't understand it.
I can't relate to it.
I watched virtually the entire Patriots game yesterday against Houston.
I watched 95% of the Dolphin game last night.
So it's not like I don't like sports.
I watched the Leaf Vancouver hockey game the night before.
I watched a little bit of the Panthers in their Surrey-S Play-al.
They did win against the girls theme Saturday.
And nobody was there Friday in that loss to Atlanta.
Nobody.
But it's not that I'm anti-sports like George.
I'm not like Millett and Debutter, but, but how much is there to say about it?
How many times can you keep repeating the same thing?
It's like a throwback to that Jimmy and Danny stuff all over again.
And the phoniness.
I mean, just on the surface of it.
Oh, thank God for J. Feetware.
Oh, my God. He came in there.
And the reason they're saying that is because they know that if he wasn't to come in
and they would have lost that game, that would have been Finito right there.
And he did, he was postponed to agony.
That's all anybody with a brain knows that this team sucks.
Even you know that.
There was magic happening.
Oh, he was playing too, huh?
Oh, that's a good thing he ain't trying to talk to you anymore.
Magic was playing because they're sure he was no magic on the field.
I'll tell you that.
Now, you really think if the start and quarterback and I have no idea what Ella's name is for the Redskins
because it's a little girl's team.
You think if he wouldn't have got injured in the first half,
they'd have a chance getting back in that game?
No.
No.
None.
Zero zip.
How's the back playing good?
Huh?
How's the back playing good?
Get out of here.
He's like a little girl's.
That's look good.
But they were going nowhere.
What do they score in the second half?
Three points.
Three freaking points.
Something like that.
Who the hell's kidding whom, man?
But I just don't get it.
All the it just goes on and on.
It's a throwback to the people in charge of crap.
Like this like Greg Reed.
You talk to Greg and he's got his whole, his finger stuck in that hole in his head
where a brain might have one's been but I doubt it.
And that's it.
He lives and breeds and eats this crap.
That's why he's surrounded himself with the Gary Sarners of the world
and the Todd Drex and all these other idiots.
And that's all they know.
Sports.
Those are you people out there and clearance, little clearance.
I shouldn't probably say anything because tomorrow is payday.
But I mean good.
Golly and Miss Molly.
If that's all your life is all about.
It's just the minutia of sports while the world is crumbling around you
and all this other heavy duty stuff is going on.
There's something basically wrong, man.
There's something missing in your mind and your life.
Good God.
And the say the Marlins to me that was like the classic example of what's out
of what is all about is phony is an $84 bill.
Nobody gave a flying crap.
Nobody gave two schmitz much less one about the Marlins.
And then all of a sudden comes, that was magical.
Comes along this phenomenal thing out of nowhere and all of a sudden
you could have sold 800,000 tickets again.
It was the hottest ticket going in the universe.
We love the Marlins.
They're just the best.
And now it's over.
Let's see into that.
And I guarantee if they had a God damn tree that they could have found before the game yesterday
they would have won a lynched J. Feeller for fear that he might get in the game
and then once it happened at Brian Greasey's stump to join out again,
I guarantee that they like to lynch his ass right now.
You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
You bet.
God forbid they should put him back in here again, ever again.
Because the fans will be pouring out of the stands just riding on a field
if they ever should see that happen again.
Players will have to run for cover.
You know what I'm saying is true.
It's true.
Phony is can be.
WQAM.
John Landon.
We already got that one.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen, on the survey, I'd like to lose Farrakhan too.
And have you ever, I just want to ask you, have you ever listened to the news?
Have you ever listened to any of his speeches or anything?
Farrakhan?
Yes.
Of course.
Yes, he's really a very articulate person, very hard to say.
So was Hitler.
You're right about that.
The thing of it is, it reminds me of the folk from the Godfather of the reason why I watch him
is because keep your friends close but your enemies closer.
It gives you an idea of what other people are thinking.
And up by the way, it seems like he's...
And don't forget, never tell anyone outside the family what you're thinking.
Keep that in mind.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQAM, hello.
Miami Lakes.
Miami Lakes, hello.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Neil, I agree with you that the media in this country feeds the people like farmers lead sheep
and the problem with Michael Jackson starts with the homosexuals.
Yeah, right.
No question about it.
The problem with the media is they feed the sheep just like the Spanish language media,
feed the people like you would South Florida asshole, the same old crap, feed them whatever they want to hear, same old tired crap.
That's why I'm a little hollyose that voted 45 times on our poll over the weekend.
21-1-560WQAM, if you're fat, here's where the answer might be at.
Balance for life.
The reason I say it might be because nothing works for everybody, but if you're frustrated because the AT&T kids didn't work for you,
you couldn't stay on it because it was boring or maybe any of the other low carb that's that are popular today,
maybe you tried weight walkers and it was boring as hell.
Here's something you really ought to give it a shot. Balance for life.
Especially for people who don't have time to do a lot of shopping, a lot of cooking, a lot of calorie and carb counting,
just don't have the inclination to do that.
All you do is fill out a menu once a week and that's it. That's all the work you have to do.
They have two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a balance for life program and you send the facts over,
send over your menu and that's it.
You reach outside the door by 6 o'clock every a.m., and there's your little black sack waiting on you.
Inside you find fantastic delicious goodies, omelettes and frittadas and all kinds of great stuff.
They got chicken dishes and beef and fish. You name it, they got it.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in your little black sack.
Plenty of food to keep you happy all day long and satisfied.
So you won't be cheating in between which is why I guarantee you, you'll start seeing results on the scale within days.
How's Katrina doing by the way? What day is she here, Winging?
What is she Winging?
When is she Winging?
Oh that's right, George will be back tomorrow and ask him.
I hate to put you on the spot. When is she Winging? I think I'm Friday.
Anyway, Katrina lost four days, the first couple of days, four days and three pounds.
The first couple of days she was on a program.
Here's the phone number to call for balance for life. 954-568-229-954-568-229
or get more info on their website balanceforlife.com.
Here's that number one more once for the West Coast. 954-568-229.
Live live and local.
Here's sports radio, five 60s, you and you and you and you.
A-M.
G-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S
That can't be made.
That can't be made. That can't be made.
My foot's like a goose.
Evercress that.
Speak that ham.
Every Easter.
Around all the other days.
She just feeds us.
And but today she's making turkey.
But when there is a step, step.
What happened to the head?
You know they chaps it off.
Because on this day, on this day, on this day.
Our families are busy, down and.
We're on 20 pounds or more days.
You're giving day, day, day.
See how much more they can offer.
Away my network.
So let this belt out.
To be tough, then ask no more.
Thank you, big day.
Thank you, big day.
Everyone's watching.
Some dumb fucking.
Yeah.
Thank you, big day.
I see things that I'm not able to sit at the grownup table.
Thanksgiving Day Thanksgiving Day
by that underline, I pass the ocean's rain
I'm just chilling, so free of them
Now we're feeling sleepy on Thanksgiving Day
Thanksgiving Day
Now that he's done, we'll have to roll him away
I don't want to be a party poover but turkey sucks
It's boring, it's tasteless, it's bland
Six pounds for Katrina by the way
Hi Skull, Katrina
I told you she's doing great, she's lost six pounds of balance for life
That was the info I was looking for, I'm sure she came running into Kenya
Yes, what do you know?
Well you're busy trying to get some weight off the rain, trying to work it off of that bitch
Offer her fat ass
Anyway, was I just saying before you interrupted something about the...
Oh turkey sucks
Turkey's great
Get outta here, turkey, why do you think you have to have like gravy on it
And the stuffing goes along with it in cranberries
Turkey is boring man, I don't want to pee on people's Thanksgiving
How about making everybody like a nice ribeye steak
Mmm, juicy steak
With some Peter Luger steak sauce
Now we're talking something with some taste
If you want to have like a great celebratory meal, eat something good, you know
For example like what's his name there?
Mohammed
That they're probably gonna like off
If the judge goes along in February
For like an earlier gift to the rest of us to Americans decided they're gonna kill his ass
Now do you think when they come in and ask what he wants for his last supper?
He's gonna say, oh how about some turkey or maybe how about some churches chicken?
He ain't gonna say that
He's gonna want him a big big juicy solo and steak
Would duchess potato is right?
Medium
Medium of well
See when I go out to dinner I eat meals with people who like like fat rich
Go to the track he gets his steak medium rare
And prime rib, have you ever been at a meal where somebody orders prime rib rare?
Oh my god, here's like a piece of meat swimming in a pool of blood on a plate
I mean that looks real appetizing and may I tell you that?
I could be a successful new diet for me
Just going out and eating with people ordering a rare prime rib
Oh
But that
Always only are sacrificed to live bushes, reelection prospects rights to Jeffrey lean
In the independent UK newspaper even though I certainly have no idea what's going on in the world because I'm so isolated
President Bush has brought the international treaty aimed at repairing the earth's vital ozone layer
Close to breakdown risking millions of cancers to benefit strawberry and tomato growers in the electoral
Electrally critical state of Florida
The independent can reveal
His administration is insisting on a sharp increase in spring of the most dangerous ozone distro and chemical still in use
The pesticide methyl bromide even though it's due to be phased out under the Montreal protocol little more than a year
And it's threatened that if the United States could with that the United States could withdraw from the treaties provisions altogether if its demand is not met
Pox on the unprecedented demand broke down without agreement at the conference in Nairobi this month
As US delegates refuse to consider any compromise they even reject the European Union proposal
That would have allowed farmers to use the same amount of the pesticide as present even though this itself would violate the spirit of the protocol
The crisis has come to a head in an especially embarrassing moment for Tony Blair who last week played host to George Bush on the first day visit by US President
For three years the Prime Minister has been quietly attempting to persuade him to stop trying to kill the Kyoto protocol designed a combat global warming
But now Mr. Bush is trying to emasculate with you in regards as the most successful international environmental agreement ever made
It also comes at a critical time for the ozone layer scientist
It hoped that would be beginning to heal by now, but this autumn the ozone hole over Antarctica was at near record levels ironically
The Montreal protocol agreed in 1987 was only brought about through the driving commitment of the Reagan administration in which George Bush senior served as vice president
It was rapidly agreed after the shock of the discovery of the ozone hole the size of the US and findings that the layer had thined worldwide
But don't confuse Bush Jr. would add because it ain't good for business and it ain't good for the 2004 election Florida
Okay, you got it good
Here's something to need to good at least 17 US troops have committed suicide in Iraq army seeks answers and by the way, that's a lowball number
Rebecca Suol wants answers and not the ones the US army is giving her
Why does the army keep calling the last letter her husband sent to her the one he mails from Iraq on June 15th a suicide note
Can taking a bottle of Tylenol really kill you and how did he get his hands on a bottle of Tylenol in the middle of the desert anyway?
The questions made different experts say the desperate search for answers and the denial are usually the same
Since April the military says at least 17 Americans 15 army soldiers and two Marines have taken their own lives in Iraq but the two numbers almost certainly higher
At least two dozen non-COBVAD deaths some of them possible suicides are under investigation according to an AP review of Army casualty reports
No one in the military is saying for the record that the suicide rate among forces in Iraq is alarming but Lieutenant General Ricardo Rick Sanchez
The top American military commander in Iraq was concerned enough according to the Army Surgeon General's Office to have ordered a 12-person mental health assessment team to Iraq to see what more can be done to prevent suicides and help proves better cope with anxiety and depression
And I'm sure that the puttering of those two American kids in Mosul this weekend that should make them feel a lot better too, shouldn't it?
No, really calm everybody down just pathetic as
Americans are being just and others being butchered
Lives being sacrificed for nothing and the public sits around wondering about what kind of guy the embal game is on. I'm telling you man, it's tragic. It's pathetic.
Where the hell are the voices where are people screaming from the rooftops? Are you people crazy or what? All based on a bunch of lies?
I mean of course the fact that Arnold got 48% of the vote in California for governor that should tell you what you're dealing with.
That's what you're dealing with. The masses. Wasn't it George Rodriguez once said the masses are asses Teddy? I think that's what he said. Call Teddy Botswana, see if George really said that.
I'll ask right now.
You know what story speaking of silly stuff because obviously we don't want to become oh you know if you become just obsessed with this stuff you're gonna go crazy.
I'll be for I get to this about the purple house. Did you see that purple house? Yeah. You haven't seen it? No.
Oh, you're gonna puke when you hear about this but the time magazine you should get there this week's issue.
Okay. Because well no you wouldn't like it. Well you might like it because it's got bushes picture on the cover and on one side he's got like lipstick from a big kiss and on the other side he's got a black eye.
And the headline is love him, hate him, president. Americans adore Bush or low them how it became a nation divided and the essence of the article is that the country is more polarized than ever.
It says if Reagan was the great communicator Bush is proving to be the great polarizer. He has cleaved the nation to two tenaciously opposed camps even more than his predecessors.
He is the man about whom Americans feel little ambivalence. People tend to love him or hate him without uncomplicating shades of gray.
So shout George Bush in a crowded theater and people dive into two trenches. A new time CNN poll shows that Americans are almost equally divided in their support for president Bush with 47% saying they're likely to vote for him and 48% saying they're not.
For Bush some of the signals are ominous. The poll shows his job of approval rating now stands at 52% down from his peak of 89% October 2001.
And his disapproval has reached new high for his presidency of 43% but those numbers don't reveal the intensity on both sides. The zeal of those who regard Bush is the very ideal of American presidential leadership.
And those who regard him as an embarrassing and dangerous use surpper. A dangerous use surpper. That's an excellent term. Anyway. Time magazine get it this week. The woman who lipstick in the black eye in the cover. I'll get it right now.
No you want. Okay. It's in English. Anger over purple house may result in color code for a lot of day of homes. Now see if you go to the sun. This is the best color code. Well, it's because some wise guy decided to paint his house golden purple.
And you want to know why? Why? Well, we do the story. Lauder Hill, a bastion of something. You know anybody who lives in Lauder Hill? No.
The clock may soon run out on a purple and gold house whose summer paint job is upset neighbors attracted the attention of city commissioners and is the main reason every homeowner may have to conform to a color palette.
City officials heard neighbors cry over the purple and gold hues and promptly said about drafting an ordinance that would restrict the colors residents can paint their homes.
Should commissioners approve a new law today? It's the tonight at city hall seven o'clock. Homeowners with homes not matching the city's color palette will have three years to be paint three years to be paint.
Oh, they're really getting tough on this. Those who can prove a financial hardship will be given five years to change the colors.
So in other words, if you're in the hood with this purple and gold house, you've got three maybe five years to get rid of that ugly ass house as the old you would say about them ugly ass Bruno Molly shoes, right?
From away. But when you when you take a look at a picture, there's a Sunsetting Center Mounder somewhere in the local section. You won't believe it.
City officials are still refining the color palette with the help of a consultant, but I already know they don't want a combination of purple and gold.
Violators of the paint ordinance may be fine though the amount hasn't been determined. Homeowner Julius Ellington. I wonder if he's can do it.
Julius Ellington inadvertently created a disturbance painted his house in the 8500 block of Northwest 49th Street. The colors of his college fraternity Omega sci fi sci fi you can see more about it on the sci fi channel.
Ellington 40 has declined request for interviews. He also rejected the city's request over the summer that he find a different combination of shades for his home assistant city manager Desiree Jal Smith said.
Neighbors have declined to be quoted the color expert Margaret Walsh was not so shy. I've been in the color business for 20 years. She said I've never known of anyone painting a house athletic world purple.
She is director of the New York based color.
Oh, this is the best. This ties right in with our poll today. You know.
She is the director of the New York based color association of the United States with forecast colored friends in fashion and interior design. She says doing a house in purple is outrageous.
Oh, man. So many organizations and so little freaking time. The New York based color association of the United States. This is a bunch of who it is in the meantime members of Ellington's fraternity of rally to his defense.
Nobody should be able to tell you what color to paint your house and William council 50 member the graduate chapter of Omega sci fi in Charlotte, North Carolina. Of course he's in North Carolina. He don't have to sit and look at that ugly as house every day.
He says government should not be allowed to dictate what color or person can paint their house. My fraternity brother expresses love for opportunity loudly and that's great. Say it loud. Say it proud. Whatever your fraternity colors will paint your house.
Or like what are you or like I want to Michigan state green and white. What's wrong with that? They suck, but who cares? How about an orange and greenhouse?
That sounds excellent. A hurricane house, right? There you go. Dolphin house, aqua and whatever the hell other pews or whatever that stuff that we were in last night. Boy. Now what was the reason they were wearing those last night? Is there any special reason?
Martin. In other words, that's like the third uniform. That's the third one. I can be NHL. Right. They were ugly.
From 56 at 560 WQM. Hey, listen, if your mattress has got you feeling kind of ugly because you're not getting a good night's sleep. No, Mo. It's time to toss it out. In fact, you don't have to do anything with it because their friends and dial amat. Chris will take away the crappy old smelly bedding set up your brand new one for free. Give you same day delivery. Unbeatable everyday prices. Fantastic service. The likes of which you never heard of in your life. So why would anybody with a brain?
Underline that with a brain by mattress. Anyplace else at bottom actress. No phone promises. No bait and switch. Just a great selection. Unbeatable prices on the best units in the world. They got a unit that you wouldn't believe, including now even. Sterns and Foster and you still get to pick the date and time for everyone. It's convenient for you any day, seven days a week. Just call 1 800 mattress. You want them there? 8 to more until 10 at night. You can choose no. 2 1 to 3 2 to 4 3 to 5. You got it.
So here's the deal. Just make one easy call instead of sloughing around your wedding and department stores. You know that you can't beat the price and you certainly can't beat this kind of service anywhere. Call 1 800 mattress. 1 800 MATTR ES. So be sleeping like a baby with a big smile on your foot as soon as the date. Call them or check them out online for more information at mattress.com.
My phone. This is Fort Real 560. You can weigh them.
I'm John Troy Moore in the next best thing to watch an ankle. Her spank mad drug is the nail rudder's fair and balanced one to two hour.
Word, word.
I am Charlie the guy. I am Charlie the guy. I am. I was married to princess. She never even knew that I was by.
Now everyone knows Charlie. Charlie likes to give his willy to a man to a man. I'm a gay old prince. I'm Charlie.
Charlie the guy. I am. Second verse. Just as the first. I am Charlie the guy. I am. Charlie the guy. I am. I am. I think men are really keen.
That's why some day maybe I'll be queen my boyfriend's name is Camilla Miller. I love because she looks just like a man like a man.
I'm a gay old prince. I'm Charlie. Charlie the guy. I am. You. You. E. E. N. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie the guy. I am. I am. Charlie the guy. I am.
I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am
I am. I am. I am. I am. Now if yes you are watching video , okay. Now if you are watching video , okay. gived fall room
clean right as long as you maintain your property and need you don't have like a
pigstead air in a bunch of a diaper represent on the occur it looks very need to
me at least that picture you got it out of the front page when you when you
stop when you stop playing bozo when you stop playing so dumb ago let me go back
again let me back up oh god this is brutal sunset and old calm why won't this
thing back up there it is it absolutely is first there's the picture it's
breaking news what page are you on my hand you get right underneath it it's
as anger over purple house may result you got it yes click on that you click on
that and you go to the story and then on the right it shows you the picture of
the house with a car in front of that white car and then you click on for a
lot of bad no that's not I mean when you first read it and I had seen it
before but I forgot about it was early this morning when I was reading this
crap but that's not I've seen houses looking worse than that it's neat much
better than all green why are people so for example you I'm sure any any city
of any size you go through different neighborhoods and every house looks the
same right that's the floor to weigh and in fact no not just in Florida like a
buffalo in Binghamton almost anywhere you go there are these neighborhoods
where every house because they're built by the same builder so generally
speaking I mean it's like a light pink or like brown like real light brown like
you know what I'm talking about like pastel colors very light very why whoever
died and said okay this is what I'm in my legacy every house has to look like
this why lady in New York that bitch you're probably right this this house is
perfectly fine from the New York what was it the New York based color
association in the United States maybe I think it's a racial thing myself maybe
just the garage door I think it's a racial thing it said it's a colored based
organization what's wrong with that huh so I suppose you wanted to make it
pink with purple polka dots isn't that his business doesn't even that
property see this is what bothers me about this world folks you can't do that
except call and make crank calls to this show that's all you can do in a
gables that's the only thing you're allowed to do 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on
you it just pisses me off why don't we have more important things to worry about
than what ever if he wants if he feels good about it's his house none of your
goddamn business if you don't like it don't look at it horrible story by the way
in town 48-year-old man was killed after two people in a car apparently
dragged him into his death and coconut grove but there's a little more to this
story that meets the eye I think according to the Miami Police Department Paul
Saunders was standing on the sidewalk at 38 41 day Avenue in a light blue
Saturn approach them police said Saunders got into an argument with the man
in a woman in the car and the car sped away dragging Saunders behind police
said the car dragged him for nearly three blocks first north on day Avenue and
then left on Berkers Street past Percival Street when a car drove close to a
metal pole police say Saunders hit the metal pole it was not free of the car
then police say the car sped away from the scene Saunders is the uncle of
Anthony Lee who was arrested on November 13 for the murder of Promenade
Coconut Grove resident joke Jose Calvo in that incident Lee is suspected of
trying to rob Calvo who was in the car with his wife Denise their two-year-old
son Denise Calvo shot back at Lee and wounded him Saunders is the uncle of
Anthony Lee following this correct later police learned that the
police need Calvo new Lee's mother Vernica Saunders Lee and that the Calvos
were having a tough time financially despite their opulent lifestyle and it
goes on it says police don't know if there's any connection between this
incident and the Calvomer at this time but they're sure as hell they're
taking a peek into it smells like it I'll speak into that what a good segue
Burger King adopts breastfeeding policy I think if Brittany wanted to go there
and breastfeed her newborn which a lot of guys would like to be the father I
think there be no problem that they be lined up from here all the way to
Alacuipa Salt Lake City Burger King adopted a corporate policy Friday allowing
women to breastfeed their babies and restaurants a day before a threatened
nursing at the fast food chain facilities oh man they were gonna have a
nursing whoo can you imagine that I bet you there I can you can you even begin to
imagine if they announced it ahead of time come on baby come play with these
cities the new policy says Burger King welcomes mothers who wish to breastfeed
their children we want to be a family friendly place at Rob Doty Doty vice
president and strategic communications vice president forced to
achieve communications from I mean based Burger King we want to be responsive to
our customers did know this was a big issue unfortunately in Utah went directly
to the press we'd have a chance to look at it and cover our ass he said 20
states including Utah allow breastfeeding in public you think more people be
living in Utah as a result of that wouldn't you but they're not just a
bunch of more out Mormons a pure erupted November 8th when a customer at a
suburban Salt Lake City franchise complained about a woman breastfeeding her
baby and employed and allegedly asked the nursing mother Catherine Geary to
either go to the bathroom to breastfeed or leave or get out get out of here bitch
under the new policy employees are told if a customer complains about a
mother who's breastfeeding kindly explained that the breastfeeding is permitted
in the restaurant and suggested that customer that he or she relocate to another
section of the restaurant that's all we asked them for Geary said Friday at least
employees be aware how to handle a situation more discreetly plans for a nurse
in at Burger King's on Saturday have encirculated an unsigned email sent to
members of the La Lacha League an international group promoting breastfeeding
Doty said Burger King's new policy had been in the works and certainly wasn't
time to diffuse the threatened protests anybody believe that no we don't believe
you mr. Doty but the nice try how's that pull coming
which of these well-known blacks are the biggest impediment to race relations we
asked we got 521 votes Lewis Farrakhan's got 210 over 40% of them Jesse Jackson
124 Al Sharpton 91 OJ Simpson 41 the on Sanders 33 Michael Jackson 12 and
Johnny's Coquing at 10 WQ a.m. Hello
hey Neil yes sir happy Monday to you happy turkey yeah double go anyway last week
the reading the Al Franken's book and you said I'm not reading that book anymore
but here's a comment on that I didn't I didn't say I wasn't reading the book
anymore I said I wasn't reading it on the air because that chapter on what's
his name was so pathetic it was awful and I just got sucked into that by some
car it was me it was me that stuck into that oh geez well don't do that again get
out of here let's see what we have now unfortunately because these shows go
through these evolutionary periods we've got people that have their own agenda
now this guy he called me already last week and they got me into that it was a
very bad idea and what you want to do is turn this into the Neil reads books on
the air show which isn't going to happen okay because one thing I do have
especially with George standing over my shoulder and Teddy and Botswana back there
with an AK 47 I have to be you know cover my backside so to speak you know what
I mean right I mean and so this guy's calling again and he want to go out and
buy the book okay it's on our recommended list on our website that's the
most I can do I read two great chapters the one on Bill O'Rally and the one on
the pitch and quarter and I was enough that was enough and he stuck me into
reading one of the most boring things ever were gotten involved in it's got a
lot of and even if you take out the diagram and the charts and the numbers
and even then it wasn't a good chapter it didn't say much of any I mean the book
is good and I'll finish reading the book but it's not in the same league with
dude wears my country or stupid white man by Michael Moore I mean Al Franken's
funny but then again Michael Moore's funny but I think he says I have a lot more
and more meaningful stuff without you know I could be wrong about that but I
don't think so you see what I mean and then we also had the guy that sounds like
Carl the Black God call before which is a good guy and he made some good points
but now we're developing a new set of chronic colors on his show who want to
basically call back and say the same thing over and over and over again we don't
do that on the show we don't play that game it's it's awful and the audience is
sitting after listening in right way to hear the voice they're oh oh there's
you know so and so fill in the blank you know I mean there's one from Miami
yeah there is that thing idiot and of course people who don't know how to do a
talk show like somebody I know absolutely they put the same people on day after
day and any audience is just going into a coma they're just diving for the
dog because they don't want to hear those people those people were so
interesting and so good they had their own guy they have show you know what I
mean absolutely sure
God just out of nowhere now we've got a new group of chronic professional which
I understand so how in a season did we have a lady called it a one no see and I'm
not doing that anymore because after doing that demographic survey over the
weekend in spite of these protestations oh you've got so many women listening
no we don't less than 10% I'd say 9% would be a generous I think about 9% that's
not very good is it not for you know lame weak I mean I would be we didn't have
gigantic numbers but we had about a two-year in women two five whatever a QAM
we don't even barely move the needle on a Richter scale because it's a sports
station it's an AM station and I'm certainly a filthy old bag which nobody wants
to hear me talking no no respectful respectable months here that so we don't
have any women and I'm not gonna waste my time anymore be moaning that fact or
bitching about let's get some women callers because we don't have any women out
there they're all busy watching either Oprah Oprah reruns she and on yet or
they're watching Jerry Springer or Jenny Jones or Judge Judy or some of that
crap Rick Sanchez they're watching Rick what time is he on if he's on a four
clock four o'clock well they're getting ready to watch lieutenant the general
Ricardo Sanchez have you seen his show I'm not home before and I'm out there so I
mean guess what are they on here oh see Neil if you were hearing me watching
the Rick Sanchez you know I touch no I was not in fact the week I was there that I
watch Rick Sanchez I don't watch channel seven period there's nothing on
channel seven that I want to see it's not a network of affiliate number one
when they do put network crap on they they put either CNN which I can get it
on CNN or they will Fox am I gonna watch Fox no even on passions I don't want to
watch Fox he gets on my nerves 113 at 560 WQA and hey what it comes to have
your carpets clean you ought to be calling my good friends at dry concepts and
now now with a holiday's just about here it's not too late to call it have
your carpets looking just like brand new when it was pinning the S company
come in your rollers from out of town whoever the hell you have coming your
house is gonna look like you had brand new carpeting laid down by the time dry
concepts get done sucking that deep down dirt out of your carpeting with
our exclusive patented drag cleaning method your carpets will be sparkling clean
vibrant color they'll sprout soft to the touchdown smell lemony fresh they're
drying a couple hours after they finish the job you'll think a miracle was just
performed on your floor and you know something it really was they've been doing
it right in my house for over 20 years there's an amount of carpet cleaning
company in the universe so just in time for the holidays call dry concepts and
when you do make the call ask how you can save 15% on your next carpet cleaning
too they give you a guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a
job and also they do a spectacular job on your oriental rugs your draper your
upholstery all of these things here's the toll free number to call 1-800-248-5071
that's 1-800-248-5071 just in time for the holidays it's a great idea call
our good friends at dry concepts or check them out in the wicked worldwide web at
dryconcepts.com
my friend Lord
this is 4305-6000
you and you and me
and get your gifts at Chikaree Farms try our new cholesterol log or the delicious
mystery meat that doubles as a sexual device or if you're looking for a bargain try
our fruitcake from last year guaranteed every bit as good as it ever was and
no one can resist the Chikaree Farms hunk of cheese in the shape of Monica Lewinsky
Chikaree Farms the place to shop for people you don't really care about
isn't that a mistake if it's a in a shape of Monica Lewinsky shouldn't be called a
hunk of
Chinat
hunk of something
one nineteen at five sixty w.a.
I still say turkey sucks any food that you have to put something else on to
make it taste good is not good it's like vanilla ice cream we're gonna put
something on most food
no listen to me vanilla ice cream people use it like in a hot putt Sunday or
bananas putt and they they they lead all kinds of other stuff on it by
itself anybody would even the lives of your plane needs to be institutionalized
immediately there's something wrong with it even you would be there
huh chocolate better by itself right anything is better by itself and
vanilla if you go out and get rocky road or fish food or something like that
you would have to like lead a bunch of crap on it although Nestle's turtle
with some hot budget Miroshino cherries on top and maybe some whipped cream
you know some cool whip with a small diet drink
yeah
diet of course
oh that's the way to go baby
turkey is no taste to it it's bland that's why I have to lead a little gravy
and put it in the middle of like a whole bunch of other stuff it's just got no
taste
delicious but no taste
it's good for you
no it is not good for you turkey makes you tired
if it was so good for you why would why would it make you tired
well except for that one chemical is got yet
right it makes you tired
five hundred and forty five votes on a poll today which of these well-known
blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations
Louis Farrakon two twenty one
you know we could have put on here but it's ancient history was JJ Walker what
else is name
uh...
JJ
uh... but we didn't do it now don't put him on it's a good times bad times
ferricon two twenty five justy jackson one thirty one al strapped in ninety six
oj simply forty two
beyond centers thirty three
what is his name JJ Walker
michael jackson thirteen and johnny cocking eleven boy you're so easy man
so when george is on
what see when you're feeling like today i just keep talking so when you say
something i don't pay any attention
because i know it's gonna have no significance whatsoever
when george is on i like humor man i pretend to be listening to what he's
saying
so i like my at least pause a little bit to give a chance
although i'm positive it's not going to be too worthwhile
you're like this though
man gets spam rage over penis ad
you call that a penis
san francisco of course where they have uh... their penis obsessive in san francisco
call it spam rage a silicon valley computer program has been arrested for
threatening to torture and kill employees of the company he blames
for bombarding his computer with web ads promising to a large is penis
now anybody out there who does email
is that an email count
uh... you know exactly what this guy's talking about because i would say nine
out of every ten uh... junk ads you get on a junk mail
is penis enlargement yes
right correct
and that's why read them all
well that see when i get in a work well they must they must know their
customer but i come to fight out everybody gets those even more to our
hung
in one of the first prosecutions of its kind in the state that made road rage
famous Charles brook or forty four was arrested last year they released on
seventy five thousand uh... no look at this
they're doing it in pounds this is in a great paper
forty five thousand dollars by for making repeated threats to the staff
of an unnamed Canadian company between me and july the west attorney's office
for northern california said friday
northern california
broker threatened to send a package full of and
he's threatened to send a package full of anthrax for us to the company
to disable an employee with a bullet and torture him with a power drill in ice
pick
and a hunt down and castrate the employees unless they removed him from their
email is
well actually one good way to do it
in a telephone interview with roiders broker acknowledged that he had
behaved badly
but said his computer and rendered almost unusual for about two months by
barrage
of pop-up ads and email
here's what happened
i go to their website and start complaining them would you please please
please stop bothering me said it just sort of escalated and i sort of lost my
cool at that point who could blame him
in fact maybe he's got a big penis he went to the website bad move
yeah oh terrible move
booker of sunnyvale california now faces up to five years in prison at a
two hundred and fifty thousand dollar fine
with a preliminary hearing schedule for next month he said he didn't own any
guns or have and access to
anthrax
booker said the problem still owners one week across the list of suspects
booker said the problem stem from a program he mistakenly downloaded from the
internet that he that brought a continuous stream of advertising was computer
broker identified the object of his raises
rages albie in medical which claims to produce the only reliable
medically approved penis enhancement you know all the ads on there you think
america everybody in america should be hung like john homies by now wouldn't
you would think but you think they have to be having a tied to their leg you
with all these ads on here the company's website doesn't provide any telephone
numbers for contact of course in other cases internet vigilantes have
barbara's famers with both unsolicited email and regular mail and phone calls
launched attacks on spammers computers and posted spammers personal information on
the internet
you like that i'm on the credit of course the the congress is working on a
measure about that whole thing i think they cited in the
friday
i have no idea the anti spam law think you're not allowed to eat spam on the
certain holidays that's another thing white people eat spam if you ever
eaten spam yeah
and you like it no i think it doesn't like it oh my god
it's like
it's like putting uh... big chunk of lard in your post
you've been hungry and all you have a spam
now i've never bought spam in my life
all it's a good backup
it's a good backup
yet make it back up make it back up
jesus god almighty
so that many of your recommend that to maf or her or bm problem
jj walker was his real name james Evans junior was his evening
and oj that's why i said it i was not facetious what is jj walker's name i was
being facetious but got you know we're gonna hook you up with teddy
but swanna from my any
from kindle
good guy i have a lot of
that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
that we're gonna cut
we're gonna send your down there with that which in between with a baseball
bad had a like that that he used silly person that he from but swana
let's take a call or two cr like a show like this today we don't have to put
a lot of pressure on josh who's sitting in their changes underwear because
he's crap in his pants he doesn't know what that he's doing
the sweat porn that i want to smell it and uh... and secondly
uh... we in a spurs a few calls here if you and that's good we had a couple of
nuts we had a few good calls
we got a couple of chronic now that we're developing
i want to nip that in the butt including the guy with the al franken book i'm sure
you're a fine guy your intentions were good but you killed my show last whatever
day that was all man
not here
uh... what in the office they knock me right off the earth a transmitter shut
over its its self-destructed
just like in fishing impossible to shut itself off because it went into a coma
from that awful chapter on shron handy
i should have known anything about shron handy would be boring to begin with
god other pompous ass i wonder if anybody ever saw him and at the goofball
uh... with glasses on ms mbc uh... what else is the
one that's on at night that i'm always ripping it's got the glasses that the
used to be a sports nerd on the spn
damn patrick
no no not damn patrick is that patrick where glasses no no he does not
patrick
for that guy yeah
keep over
overman all god
pothas pothas self-indulgent ass who talks down to the audience and is so
intellectual that deep voice you know
what a piece of garbage
are we doing this uh... because i know it's his life on the log which is not
but are we doing this uh... recorded george or not
well that's it's in the audio about the thing
well we'll leave it up to josh relieve it in josh's fine hands
uh...
this is fine city
the reason
you
and
okay this is the secret and then it's Miller audition let's begin
okay mr. Dennis new that he i'm going to be giving you this magic one
oh hang on a second here you give me a one
doctor for i pick up the white courtesy phone
hey nice out that you got their sick
yeah you look like person president rated evil can evils watch over
a listen to the baratica
or this is gonna work out okay my mind
there's been a decent to some of the distance
louie prema and keely smith okay
i mean i don't want to go off on a red here
uh... yeah thank you mr. Miller will it you know okay well i leave you with the
words of our comedies
all right look it up never had on sixteen okay
next i don't want to get to petty but swanna done in kindle of so but you know
that's how much faster the show i'm by today without George it's pretty fast
man it's one thirty already i can't believe it it went by like lightning and
we're having a pretty good time i had a few calls and uh...
i love picking on George when he's not sick and i don't know why there's just
something about him it i don't i really don't know what it is you love picking
on i do he's just he's one of those people is like a picky you know what
bully he know i'm not a bully i don't like
don't pick on you i don't pick on uh... Josh quizzes one dinner two days
but uh... but uh... you know that George because he's just one of those people
who's it was born to be picked on like like Rick Riley for example
you know i would never pick on suds because you know
but Rick Riley's one of those people you really enjoy picking on the same
with your he's just uh... an easy target
and deservedly so anyway miss fudge is all breakfast here they met
flood report
she's uh... foaming at the mouth
on the eve of a tombroke i'm out of a democratic presidential debate last night
senior john carry advisors recklessly strategized over refreshments
at the hotel for the moan believing they were out of your shot to anyone who
would care but as the caucus nearers
even stripped iowa cornstalks have years
on leberman's upset because they're like uh... excluding him from the iowa debate
because he billy dallyed around and what he has to understand it's iowa no
juzaloud
anyway the campaign advisors spoke frankly at the hotels bar last night about
the state of the white house race and their frustrations of living in the
shadow of howard dean
all of the money's coming from republicans one of her career's kitchen cabinet
told the group another advisor asked if that of a research no one had an
answer
the staff said carry should and will use a motorcycle for campaigning more often
uh...
be good for that house angels vote you know what
the advisors discussed how carry should stop trying to defend is iraqoad and
develop how carries the real anti-war protest or not dean
the staffers talked about doing an ad where they were contrast carries anti-war
activism
with dean as a draft dodging ski bomb
the ad would feature fault clips of carry speaking anti-war rallies and
testifying on capitol hill against deans statements now it could have served in
the military but decided not to
the carry staffers talked about the possibility of doing a documentary on the
campaign
like the ones by jones did with gore one frustrated operative said would help
with carries aloof image problem
the advisors carelessly talked about how thick carries accent used to be
carry did the thick accent when cameras were around a sound like jfk
left one senior staffer
uh... and then miss fudge puts on here in the spirit of holiday season
the fudge report will not reveal the names of those in attendance
nice gone miss fudge
what are we're kind of turkey he's eaten for Thanksgiving
on speaking of a booz
also has this on their bruntlessly from the new work post
democratic presidential wannabe general westerly carcid yesterday the
americans admire president bush because of the way he overcame alcoholism
and salvage his marriage by sobering up
the block comments came from carcana seldom raised subject
as he tried to explain his dismay with brusher's reelection strategy which
critics exploits link ring nine eleven fears
or yet nice first and there by the republicans of course and the democrats
are screaming foul they want that ad removed about the
it's a same old crap democrats are on patriotic anybody doesn't support the
bush might through these fascist on patriotic
simul crap
carcass is i'm not running the best George bush a lot of americans really
love him
they love what he represents a man who's overcome adversity in his life
from alcoholism and pulled his marriage back together and move forward
although bush is always refused to discuss his years of excessive drinking
he occasionally refers to what is a dark chapter in his life
he sites first lady Laura bush along with religion and the birth of his
twin daughters of course never drink as factors that let him to swear off
vues
but bushes drinking is an almost never mentioned uh... issue by his opponents
advice president al Gore refused to make an issue during the two thousand
election unfortunately
Clark speaking on cbs his face the nation accused bush of exploiting on level
in the political ads paid for by the republican republicans national committee
that highlight the president's anti-terror efforts
we're the worst against this really patriotic or your scumbag
that's what Miguel will tell you
i got a great article there want to read about where you're most pets
George w bushlobs michael Jackson will get to that don't forget speaking of
the galley go out and see him because he actually does speak
he'll be in a qm vandida five to seven of the public said four one issue in
street and then you be to invite you to come by and breastfeed your baby
you can spend a wheel for prizes
and pick up your best in the emergency which are grand total is uh... somewhere
probably around forty two grand when you say
will get to fifty five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen
team for rising
wireless line the mad dog right come up to do just when that's when ricky uh... jumped
over to uh...
over everybody
you know the answer when touched on late neck game last night
and of course it was kind of anti-climactic when redskins a couple of
kickoff you know what that kind of disappointing
was fun to see that
after a dog and but i mean even if you know you want to see like a nice
defensive stand you know and drama right now on the clock ran out
because the spree or failed to call time out some bonehead move you know
that would have been more fun
and i'm not talking on that play wqa hello
yes ma'am a lady
holy moly
that's what i'm calling
but we don't have any ladies
how you doing
i'm doing good how are you
i'm great
um...
the reason why the ladies are not calling because we're running around preparing
for Thanksgiving
and there's always some excuse nocy i did a poll on our website over the
weekend and they didn't have to call to do that or not be running around
there is a slight eight percent eight or nine percent of the audience is a
female
well
we're out here but you know somebody's got to run the house and you know right
we're listening to you
okay thanks we don't have a great holiday
all right you two
now you would agree with me by the way before you go to turkey is very bland
uh... yeah well i just picked up on the big hand so i'm right now we're talking
oh
lady with great
thanks a lot
all right
by
great test
okay
she has great taste
and there are a lot of things that you want to say now because you're a
pervert
and i would just reminded that the guy that used to do eight to ten
we like a lot but they ain't there no more
follow what i'm saying
uh...
absolutely
so just leave all your party mouth comments leave those to george okay
if i take about swan is probably going to write someone letters for george
for one jord and by the way teddy and candle george would be on all four hours
all by himself on friday this friday day after turkey day
you can just kind of collapse in the corner turn up your little transistor sister
we allowed and enjoy the sounds of george okay who also
also far enough a storm
if he's recovered by that
he
i'm sure she got a honey baked ham a lot of people eat ham on thanksgiving
christmas as opposed to uh... turkey right
and fact even even jews who are orthodox were in all that kosher crap if they
were smart they go out and get a nice honey glazed ham
hey what's wrong with that
for sure how taste better
grab my junior honey exactly
blaze it
when you're most but i guess maybe i do the break now this is not long
it's not long
or you see george w push now but i like i said i better do the break
we're sports radio five six
u-a-m
my amitown
at five six o
w-q-a-m
the most interesting
uh...
i think i'm home
what's the dinner
home
or is it
i don't get it
i can't
but it's like
the jessica simsons
it's tv's first animated reality show
with two-dimensional home and one-dimensional jessica
i forget it
let's just order some buffalo wings
you
home or
i don't eat buffalo
you'll be silly
jessica
everybody knows buffalo wings are made from chicken
oh
chicken of the sea
oh the jessica simsons
because people this dumb could only be in cartoons
right
right one forty three five sixty senate advances major medical bill bad news
and i told like i did ramrod a through and right
the senate today voted on the possibility of a filibuster that could
have blocked passage of a contentious bill to overhaul the nation's
medicare system and screw all the senior citizens
sixty most were needed to win debate on the issue and avoid the filibuster
threatened by some democrats at least sixty five senators voted in favor
of ending debate a separate vote on whether to pass the bills expected by
for this afternoon like i said when it dot del jammed out they'll show it
through
because the pharmaceutical companies in big business they run the world now
and always will
al-arabia ordered a shutdown in bag that you ever watch that
no the raki governor consular to the air-blanguage tv network al-arabia to
shut down its operation in bag that today sending the iraq interior minister
to the net worth headquarters to seize their uplaken transmission equipment
until further notice this is a response to the broadcasting the full
sottom who say an audio tape released in member sixteen
to brainwash the public and i said now you can do that again
and there was more violence today within improvised explosive
divisions small arms attack on a convoy in the northern city of most of that
wounded one american soldier you notice how when soldiers are wounded we
just get wounded in other words it could be like you know a scratch a scratch
could be like uh... amputated leg could be like uh... within an inch of his life
stuff like that if that's the last we ever heard about it
dixie chick singers sounds off on a war again oh that's here you go Natalie
dixie chick singer Natalie main whose criticism of president bushliex spring
led the boycott of the group's music still has a lot to say about the war in iraq
i think people were misled i think people are fighting more they didn't know
they were going to be fighting mains said friday and bc's today show and i think
they were misled by people who should have been asking questions and weren't
the country star space criticism and even death threats after mains etchie and her
bandmates were ashamed that president bush was from texas she made their
mark and learned and shortly before the war began
domains apologize for some of the phrasing of remarks some radio stations band
the group's music the group also received death threats in wake of mains is
common in that great remember when we used to have free speech you used to being
the operative word one time ago once upon a time used to be able to say what
they want it if they didn't like it too bad just like freedom in a paint your house
purple and gold
i i i i think it would be more attractive more interesting more bizarre
grant you i can't everybody and and one day we were how about if there was a
community i think this is a good idea for some developer both in a community
of all kinds of like striped houses and put you know what i mean
it's our deck away right people with a little personality
and even then there would have to be standards it could be like sloppy you know
it could be just like a bunch of crap but something arty and colorful and more like that
oh now not Michael Jackson again
backerman says Jackson's team is getting their ducks lined up for a counter attack to step
their ducks involved in this under and realize that
that insurance company oh yeah aflach well something that sounds like that anyway
so the kid is the one that was on that tape which i think we all knew that all
along didn't we pretty much assume that oh speaking of Michael Jackson
William Rivers pit who i love his stuff we always put it on the website he's managing it
in a roof truth out dot org a new york times an international best selling author three books
wore on a rack for what it's got what's got the thing anyway he writes a number of explosions
toward to the british consulate in turkey today this is written on friday killing scores of
George w bushes in england surrounded all sides by enraged british citizens whose massive
protests have required nearly every police officer in london to be put on the line of the defense
this is happening in a nation that's been both in government and among the populist one of
the strongest allies america's ever known there were a couple of wars happening in a rack
in afghanistan neither which are going very well a great many soldiers and civilians have died
in the last year or some have been logged in still on the loose and after nearly 750 days the
american people still have been given no explanation for why nine eleven happened it is three sixteen
p.m. on thursday afternoon as i write this cnn has been covering with total exclusivity a parking lot
outside a police station for the last hour they covered in the airplane landing they covered
these same airplanes still sitting on the tarmac they covered the airplane slowly moving into a
hanger all the while talking head after talking and explored every conceivable facet of the parking
lot the plane the tarmac the hanger as well as a variety of parallel issues no stone of data was
unturned why michael jackson is about to surrender to police in the last two years cnn is not to
voted this much energy and coverage to any story in the manner that it's unfolding right now
in wrong the stock market the reasons for september 11th the nomination of henry kissinger to
share the investigation of that event the disinformation that was pushed by the busher
administration before the attack on a rack the civilian casualties during the attack on a rack
the american troop casualties during and after the attack on a rack the missing weapons of as
destruction the missing osala bin laden the war in afghanistan that is far from over the outing
of a cia agent by the busher administration an active political revenge and how and about two
hundred other explosives through it did not get the attention that michael jackson's getting now
one talking head just said i'm waiting for a white bronco to pull up the other talking heads
laughed and kept on going a detailed discussion progressed about the tail numbers on michael jackson's
plane along with questions about how all this will affect jackson's fans were approaching the
two-hour mark in the coverage for a while we had the peterson's to obsess the mainstream
television media then we had kobi brine and for a bit both randstores both stories ran concurrently
with breaking news announcements throughout daily coverage neither managed to seize national attention
and so periodically cnn and the other networks were forced to mention that the fighting in a rack
is getting a lot of americans killed the promised weapons of mass destruction have not been found
and no one but dick chaney can say that a rack was involved in nine eleven without looking like a
total blithering idiot and then like a surgically enhanced cavalry charge michael jackson blasted
the forefront to rescue the mainstream media from perhaps being required to cover matters of substance
the ability for these talking heads to natter on for weeks and weeks about jackson previous charges
against him his musical history his personal oddities his baby dangling antics and oh my goodness
what do we do tell the children is pretty much bottomless but we will spend the next several
weeks again racing at that bottom as quickly as tv signals can travel through a coaxial cable
a black bronco just left the airplane hanger and is driving slowly slowly to the police station
cnn is on it cnn is all over it one of the shots on my tv an hour ago showed a gaggle reporters
and cameras gathered outside the police station waiting for jackson to arrive the talking had
working the microphone at that moment mistakenly called these people journalists this is not journalism
and those people are mock journalists this is entertainment television passed off as news of import
this is more poison ported to our national discussion this is the grand bull moves schooled metal
winning distraction of all time George w bush that sent michael jackson flowers and a thank you note
and send more flowers to cnn the republican party affected an historic takeover of congress in
1994 during a time on the only television coverage one could find focused on oj Simpson the timing
was exquisite we're right back today to that marvelous champion american journalism history tv
news viewers who think they're getting the hard truth from the mainstream media just forgot
bush exist forgot the hundreds of thousands of protesters who've dug his state visit the
britain forgot the attacks in a mac forgot that it sold just for god 9-11 forgot everything except a
mutant in a bronco who lives in a place called neverland they just showed jackson in handcuffs the
talking heads almost fainted god bless america what a great column by Williams river pit and
notice michael's not laughing one fifty how big a pardon mic was off one fifty one yes sure was
a five sixty w billberland for a five sixty w and the mad dog come up at two hey what do you have
in this Thanksgiving why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant and will coast do the cooking
for you they'll be featuring a traditional Thanksgiving feast with all the trimmings they have
locations in sunrise north mommy beach in their newest location in pember finds start your
mouth watering experience with six different soups sample dozens of succulent entrees near strip
made a word with the gourmet center resisling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampy style
and the new cifu sejak there's lots more tried their jones stone crabbers lots of thermators on
the weekends hand carved prime rear plus their new oriental chicken salad and the emerald coast
always promotes healthy living to king all of its fine cuisine with cholesterol for your oils to
never any msd or cornstarch no cram the buffet features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh room cocktail
and because you deserve it emerald coast features a full dessert station featuring bells and waffles
pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit the perfect ending
to a gigantic feast emerald coast three locations for you in sunrise pine island of 44th street
they're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in north mommy beach and at the intersection of
flamingo and pember roads and prestigious pember pies so take the family or book your next
business lunch and out the emerald coast all size parties welcome for you and don't forget
let them put together a feast for you for Thanksgiving day take out and live your available to
call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 that's 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 for the world famous emerald coast Chinese buffet
surface
you way am court
your
don't
Every time it dimwit
My TV
President of the
Republican
Muscleman
And in our table
I don't know why they want to go
But now he's here
Just close the neck for you
President of the
That guy is definitely being pampered
President of the
One fifty six at five sixty W. Honey votes we got on and I'm trying to like
599 that's bottle B number 600 in our pool today
Which of these one on blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations Louis Farrakon 248
Jesse Jackson 142
Almost two to one how sharp in 102 OJ 44 the on Sanders neon Dion 36 Michael Jackson 15 Johnny Cochrane small potatoes with
12 see the thing with Farrakon is he he intersperses like some sensible stuff in his speeches
You know he tells young black people to you know working in education and do this and it and then of course just like hit Luria starts bringing in all the hate
So he's he mixes in a little bit of truth with a lot of bull crap and hate and distortion and and and that's it
That's what he's all about mess with the whole thing up
Messes the whole thing up. Is that we just said? Yes
Well all depending on what you think his message is really intended to do anyway
Let's look on a bright side today's the big day. I hope you all change your phones
Do you change your cell phone service yet? What?
Most US cell phone users boy you are so out of touch even in Spanish. I think it's the same deal
I have it on the TV, but it's on mute most US
No, this isn't a new story
I thought I switched to a new wireless service without losing their telephone number and a new regulations that raises the stakes
They already competitive wireless market
Under new rules which are taking effect today customers may be quicker to dump their current provider for arrival service
Now that they can keep their current number they can also disconnect the home phone and swap that number for a wireless service
See so we don't have to be raped quite as bad by the phone companies no more
What's this while great great for consumers who until now had a hassle with updating friends and businesses associates to a number change
This ups the adder from Andy from mobile carriers
The six major US wireless companies already via aggressively for the nation's
152 million cell phone users. I got to be honest with you
I have a cell phone. I don't use it very much and I can't stand people who do
If it's important stuff if it's like you know, keep it in touch with the family at home
If it's keeping in touch with whatever's going on in your work if you need it if it's worthwhile if it's meaningful. Okay
You're when you're sitting in a nice restaurant
Or why would I help you might be and some at or you're at a ball game a hockey game and their assholes on cell phones
I think that alone could be a book
Assholes on cell phones, don't you?
We number one seller. Where do you go where you can invade assholes on and their phones are going on?
I mean like a doctor somebody like a paramedic. Okay, most of those people have a belt
They have like a beeper right they have a 24 hour beeper so they're always on call
Mm-hmm
And their beeper goes off and then they run they go out into the lobby or wherever and they make the call
Find out what the emergency is but why the hell do all these people have to their cell phones go to their
Reckham not just an American thing
It's the same here in Canada. It's the same in Europe no matter where you go
Everybody has got at least one cell phone glue to their
Reckham and he had tennis stickin out of their head like Martians. I don't get it. Why?
Keep in touch touch. Yeah touch this
Don't forget to figure that Miguel might let you touch you might let you have a little look
No
QM van today five to seven at the publics at 401 East Sheridan Street in Daniel Beach
Spin the field for prizes. Maybe spin it just keep spinning something will happen and pick up your best meal merchandise
Our CDs and those more Howard David anybody want a more Howard David to key chain. No come on get with it
Get in the spirit of it goes to a good cause got the mad dog coming up next to the Humphers off again today as usual
Kimbo for this afternoon. Bye. Bye. Bye
Yeah
You a
Lot of balls deep down inside
