Morning, Neil. Morning, Scott. I'm giving away tennis balls, baseball tickets. I'm going to Debbie Reynolds hotel on Saturday night and
Miami legs otherwise known as Don Schuulis hotel. How much rooming? How much rooming did you have to do to get that story by Dave
Warmman City link man? This is a suck job. I never it's beautiful. You know, it is incredible. It's a byproduct of your brilliance clearly
The fact even even licked around the edges of my ass a little bit
You know, it's important I think to anything I do at this station if I'm not involved with you
I put into my contract with Mr. Reed that I just won't be involved in anything unless it's involved with you
Nothing at all. I will do nothing unless you know who most favorite baseball player was
Who's that?
Dear old dingalberry. You know, you love to work action
He's from I think you
Was that bad you need to start a cartoon
Dingalberry heights is where he lives
And you have a picture of him festing himself because that's what he does every day
This is the guy that you play golf with you. You need to win anyway
And you know my name as he calls me a mother-eifer
Every day when he sees it on rap all the slime all the time. I told him this morning the first words out of my mouth
Where he said so what's with you and I said on nothing I just bought my girlfriend a 16 inch banana dildo yesterday
Then he didn't know what the thing he just went home
He just went home. He's going home to peel it
You know, it's already peeled. That's a nice thing. That's the end of it. You just do a little bit of this
I'm not talking about banana either. Oh, anyway, there's a toward the end of this article
Which I'm gonna read this just I'm not gonna read the whole thing because we don't have that many hours
Take six toilets like a week of shows because like reading an entire playboy
Paragraphs in here looks to me like you're throwing Moana the truck
Go ahead. What do you say? Huh?
What does it say it says at 814 meaning you he breaks for a commercial removes his headphones and says I try to give them their
Money's worth three quick segments later. He says can you believe it's been an hour when the show has ended for well wiping sweat from his forehead says
Two hours is just not long enough contrasting an earlier opinion that less of me means more
See how it's right a minute wait a minute. Wait a minute. We're not interrupt
He can read between the lines whichever version for well-believe someone could easily envision a scenario in which his shows swallows two more hours
If you're a QAM, how do you hold back on a promoter so tireless he's willing to offer himself as bait
Inviting 150 listeners to I didn't know I've been offering my services to
You know God you
When you work one day a month now starting next week one day a year you know one day a month one day a year one day every other year
You know, I just whatever I can do to accommodate mr. Read in the locals here
So what's the follow from that we never got an update you were volunteering to fill in Monday Wednesday and Friday from 8 to noon for free
I don't know because it turns out they wanted to talk about it yesterday
But clearance and duck both went and had the rectums checked oh, yeah, yeah, who's was cleaner turns out duffs
And I ducked ended up liking the drugs a lot more than clearance clearance didn't even say hi to me this morning
I understand that there's like traffic signs in dust
Oh my god, there is there's actually about you know those long lights like at 441 and I just there is like one way signs
Yeah, there's no you turns
Uh-huh
I'm telling you know my favorite one slippery one wet and a bridge freezes first
He came in this morning. He gave me his daily health report
Duffy so they actually found something in there. I said well, what a surprise that is it actually was the
Pallips that I have on my throat cords
His rectum polyps well
Listen, it's since it's not for a first break
Have a great day Scott have a great day Neil. See ya
Don't you go back to Canada you too fast
Meet
I eat like a man
Meet makes you grow up bigger strong like Neil
What's that you got I got sped
That's this I can dunk it without tripping
You eat like a pussy like a girl like a spider
I am being a boy. I like food
I like this
Oh
It's
I'm gonna have to go to the toilet.
That's gonna happen to Clarence too.
Yeah, you talk about women all the time.
You only talk about men.
I don't know what to do anymore.
I'm gonna have to go to the toilet.
Maybe I can get a gig singin' book of Ryan's songs.
Tell me, tell me, you scam me.
Yeah, yeah.
He scares me too, I'll tell you.
10.07 at 5.60 WQM, my worst safe being aboard your job is secure.
Because quite frankly, if they don't want the bedtime stories anymore, you're out.
I mean, what do we need you for if I'm not gonna do the bedtime stories?
Yeah, think about it.
Put on your thinking cap. Think of a good answer.
I like food.
Okay.
Here's the poll result from yesterday.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website?
Now, it's very obvious to me that some of the people who voted in some of the other categories were just doing it to bring down our total under 50%.
Didn't work.
53%.
How do you like that?
Actually, I think that's about as high as we were.
860 and out of 5,838 say, absolutely.
I want to give you a kiss.
No, that's not it.
Absolutely.
Close.
816 said yes, it's important.
Keep pumping out those bedtime stories.
But see a lot of the right wingers, the 50 or 60 that we got, they were voting the other categories.
Because they'd like to detour us from putting something on every side of the usual right wing panel.
I'd rather see more naked pictures, 303.
I rarely read them, 164.
I only care about the poll, 118.
I don't need to read lots of news websites, 82, 5.3% on a snooty side.
See, that's a snooty response and I put it on there because I knew some of you would vote that.
What would I don't need them?
I read lots of news websites.
What does that mean?
They don't need them.
No, it means that they're smarter than us.
As opposed to, well, you know, maybe I'm not going to read them, but a lot of other people don't have time to read all of this.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Rather than adopting that attitude, they want to show us how much more intellectual they are than us.
And I most think you're about the goofy stuff, 55 of our audience, out of 1,538.
Not bad.
So what do you think about for RL6 to 10?
See what I'm thinking is probably what's going to happen.
And I'm just thinking out loud.
Or what I'm thinking is what should happen when football season starts, which isn't really all that far away,
a couple of months before those exhibitionist games start.
When's the first off an exhibition game?
Anybody know?
No.
Well, you could look it up.
You could look at Miami Dolphins on the internet there since you got my nice pewter that you're sitting there dealing with.
And don't be downloading any goddamn music while you're sitting there either being a boy, please.
Okay.
The last thing we need is a raid.
Pretty season, August 8th.
August 8th.
So like I said, oh, it's only a month and a half away.
The first exhibitionist game.
I'm thinking with the Dolphins season starting pretty soon.
Mo, you know, he needs to concentrate being a daughter of an old man.
And I need to focus all of his energies on those play by play game.
Don't you think?
Okay.
So what I'm thinking is that maybe they come to some kind of an accommodation with the old man.
You know, write them a check, two bucks.
And say, okay, that's it.
Just concentrate on the Dolphins thing.
And we'll put Joe and Mark back two to six.
And we'll put Farahla on six to ten.
And take all the heat off of your old ass.
Do you think that's a possibility?
Possibility.
Because this story in CityLynch, and if you want to read the whole story on Farahla,
which if you got a few extra hours, it's like reading a book, but it's great.
Dave Warham, who also gives me a couple of nice stuff.
Thanks a lot Dave, you're okay in my book.
I told you, CityLynch was great.
And you're saying, ah, they screwed you over.
You know, you're always like driving a wedge between me and everybody else.
That's me.
Because you're insecure.
You're afraid that if I, you know, I get to see with anybody else, then we'll blow your ass out.
But anyway, Dave Warham, it says if NeoRanges is God's God for all must be Satan.
Absolutely correct.
And the front cover, anyway, you can go to the website citylinkmagazine.com.
Citylinkmagazine.com.
And you can't miss it because it's a big full color photo of Farahla looking at his very craziest.
Any article, like I said, goes on about six, seven hundred pages.
Makes that Hillary book, pale in a way, significance.
Oh, speaking of that.
See that?
Yeah.
How I fell into that crap?
Hillary book.
Here you go.
Page one.
Here's the last paragraph from page one.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
Look what great progress we're making.
Let me ask you.
What do you think?
How about a page a week?
Right.
Yeah.
And there's about five hundred.
Let me see how many actual pages there are in a Hillary book.
Five hundred and thirty-fold.
A page.
That's like about ten years, isn't it?
Huh?
I don't know.
That's about ten years.
Well, after the first three and a half, then I'll turn it over to your fine hands.
Oh, yeah.
Aren't you going to be doing the show when I hang it up?
Sure, right.
Come on.
Don't you think so being a boy that the Gregor come in and offer Georgia a real fat one?
Of course.
Yeah.
Although the Cold War was...
You're interrupting Hillary's penmanship here.
Very, very disrespectful.
Although the Cold War was beginning with the Soviet Union in the Eastern Europe,
my parents and their generation felt secure and hopeful.
Americans of supremacy with the result, not just a military might, but of our values,
and of the abundant opportunities available to people like my parents who worked hard and took responsibility.
Middle class America was flush with emerging prosperity and all that comes with it.
New houses, fine schools, neighborhood parks, and safe communities.
There it is.
Right the end of page one of Hillary's book, Living History by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Oh.
Always about eighty pounds.
Yeah, this line in the Ferell's interview here, the article about Ferell and City Link is a dead giveaway.
Whichever version he believes someone could easily envision a scenario in which his show swallows two more hours.
All right.
If your WQAM, how do you hold back on a promoter so tireless, he's willing to offer himself as bait,
inviting 150 listeners to I hate the meds night at P.P. Park or 1500 listeners on a booze cruise.
How do you not piggyback a guy who's turned out to be an excellent setup man for station Haas Neo Rodgers?
I thought I was a gorilla now, Mahas.
Yeah.
How do you not make the most of a once loose cannon who appears to have found a comfort zone many come by only after joining AA or finding Jesus?
What a great article Dave.
Horm nice going out.
Love City Link magazine.
They love us.
They love me. They love Scott.
They're not too crazy about George.
What?
They gave me one of those awards, weren't they?
Just a little joke.
It's just a joke.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you so defensive? Is it because you work for Greg?
Uh huh.
Was that it?
Anybody in the audience so wonder why George has been so defensive all these years because he knows that's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's the bottom. That's all you need to know.
1013 at 560 WQAM, Barbecue's Galore.
Boy in the summertime if you don't have a barbecue your S.O.L. What do you do?
Barbecue's Galore carries the biggest range of Weber grills in the accessory starting with a Weber smokey dual portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks.
It's the perfect grill for any picnic especially on the 4th of July.
And nobody can beat Barbecue's galore's incredible selection of top quality grills.
They carry a full line of grills including Weber, Viking, Jenny, or Braille mate, lots of exclusive grills like the Turbo.
Barbecue's chef Cook on the Campton Cook, all of the guaranteed lowest prices.
Right now take advantage of no payments in his cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
This way take you home the amazing three burner Cook on grill.
A Barbecue's Galore exclusive. It comes with the host of great features normally only once found at more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs.
Porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and a generous 625 square inch cooking area.
I guarantee you won't find another grill like it for this price not only 349 bucks and you'll only find this one at Barbecue's Galore.
Another one perfect for that 4th of July cookout.
Don't forget Barbecue's Galore is the place all the top brands have beatable prices.
Their America's best barbecue store with stores in plantation.
On university, Dravena found shopping center called 954 4234 400 and a crawl springs on a corner sample in Rock Island roads called 954 7576668.
Everything you need under the sun for Barbecue in this one incredible store. Barbecue's Galore be sure and tell them that ancient kneels sent you in.
My life and look all this is 420560.
You ain't too way, yeah.
No!
Were you fudge back in?
Yeah!
Oof!
The root off the scum bag bomb her.
He was hiding in the woods, living like an animal just like a white supremacian.
He is the creep who's wanted for lighting the Olympic fuse.
You asshole!
And for blowing up people who thought they had a right to choose.
And then one steamy summer's heat.
The root off came to town while looking for some dumpster food.
A cop said freeze or I will shoot.
Now that the feds have caught him.
He's hiding in a jail cell.
Root off the scum bag bomber.
Soon you're gonna fry in hell.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
1019 at 560 W.Q.
Got some good news today to get started.
I'm always happy to report some good news.
Less dramatic's is dead.
Alright!
Segregationists became Georgia governor.
Lester Manis, the restaurant tour whose segregationist defiance propelled them into the governorship.
In a fluke election in the 60s died yesterday.
It was 87.
That's old enough for him.
And then some.
Manis who had battled cancer since 1993 cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell out and assisted living home.
Where it was recovering from surgery.
He later developed pneumonia and died.
See that's bad.
I shouldn't be like saying that should I?
What?
It is good.
A high school dropout born in a working class six of Atlanta, Mattis gave national notoriety for chasing away blacks from his pick-rich-fri chicken restaurant in Atlanta in July 64.
The day after the civil rights act was signed into law, he closed and then sold pick-rich rather than served blacks.
But fears of racial striptoring as 1967 to 1971 governorship proved unfounded.
When Mattis pursued a policy of relative moderation on race, some even thought quite so good that he croaked.
But he had been chosen as governor by the legislature after no candidate received a majority of the votes cast in the 1966 selection.
That be got kind of like making colonel Sanders the governor of Florida if he was still alive.
And you know what?
Big improvement.
Free chicken for everybody.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
If the colonel was a governor, instead of the bonehead you got speaking to bonehead bush people.
President Bush called on Congress yesterday to make it easier for federally financed religious groups to base their having decisions on a job candidate's religion and sexual orientated.
A White House position paper sent to Capitol Hill argued that religious hiring rights are part of religious, but they're out of it.
So it'll be back in.
So must be pretty popular.
It's good.
Here's one that says four stars, name of the rose, great movie with Sean Connery, Ron Pearlman, Christian Slater, nothing's perfect, F. Murray Abraham.
Excellent movie about suppression of humor to control the masses via murder in a Catholic monastery in medieval Spanish inquisition times must see no DVD yet.
Just get the tape.
Well, thank you, Larry.
Also movie called The Beast with Jason Patrick and Rodney something.
And the US.
Yes, and Stephen Bauer.
And our good buddy Rocky, it's your Maria aka Stephen Bauer.
See, it's funny that should happen because I was just thinking about him the other day about the first time I met him at a Panther game.
Right.
Remember I talked about that.
Then we had him on IODs against on the show.
But I met him at a Panther game.
He came up and hugged me like we were going to do something.
I mean, he was like his long lost best friend.
He was a pretty good guy.
He said his ups and downs.
He had his little bit of a nose problem there for a while.
But again, you know,
on first blush, I would say I like him.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He got it just like Donnie Osman since we're named drop.
And I thought he was a good guy.
Now were you there then?
Was that a.
They know something.
Huh?
Oh, the Zayda or something.
What was that on Zayda?
It was an IOD, but it was pre-George days.
It was either Marfon or maybe it was maybe it was Nick.
What it is.
Yeah, I might have been.
Yeah, I can still get the aroma.
Might have been old Nick.
Those were the days, baby.
Those were we did the days once upon a time.
But now we're entering a new era.
As Ferelle brings a little bit of fun back to QM.
God, oh, what a, what a breath of fresh air.
Even if you hate his voice, even if you can't stand his foul language.
What a breath of fresh air it is for all of us.
Just have a little fun back.
It was getting so staggy.
Isn't that is that a word staggy?
Check it in.
Oh my God, it was getting so uptight.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
I talked about that many times.
People didn't believe me.
They think I'm always exaggerating.
That's exactly the way it was in the hallways and the byways and the freeways.
Of a QAM.
Everybody was like walking on eggshells.
Oh, mold like being a hallway.
Mose out there.
Readjusting his package.
Mose out there.
Pickin' dingalberries.
Everybody's a little bit nervous.
You should have heard the beast.
Boy, you talk about a real backstair.
Or you should have heard him this morning.
Before our show comes in.
Just about the mode digging for dingalberries.
Not disgusting it was.
And all this other crap.
Which he's right about that.
And I still say, I think you ought to cut him a little slack.
Like maybe he is readjusting the tube.
Do you ever think about that?
It occurred to me.
You know.
I don't want to think about it too much.
But he might just be readjusting the old rectum tube.
Look for the QAM van today.
New Deal 1PM.
It Austin's dive shop in Miami at where?
At 105.25 South Dixie Highway.
Stop out of here.
Your free Marlon tickets.
The real yellow pages from Bellsoft.
Marlon's under 500 again.
I don't know if that's for all that mentioned that to me.
They lost last night.
They can't win every day.
They were on pretty good rule there.
But they're under 500 again.
And they can't play girls' things every day either.
In fact, oh look at that.
They're playing the meds again.
What is this?
Do the Marlins and the meds play each other every day?
The rest of the season?
Oh hell, they got a shot then.
Every damn day they're playing either the other.
Oh, they're playing at the red socks tomorrow.
Well, oh and guess what?
Did you look at tomorrow's schedule?
Oh, I'm in the other room.
Woo!
Let me give you 85 guesses who's filling in for
EDK EDK after the game tomorrow night.
I give you one clue.
It's Bobby Stupid!
Oh, Jacob.
Tom Jicke is filling in for EDK tomorrow night.
Well, that be a hoot.
I encourage everybody to call him in and rip him an ass.
Not for anything specific.
Just out of general principle.
Just rip him an ass.
Because yeah, in fact, I encourage a lot.
I even know you won't do it.
Because I have no influence over the audience whatsoever.
Call him up and ask him how Jerry Williams is doing.
Look at that, Venus boys.
We close out the pool.
53%.
And you know something that may not sound like overwhelming.
But that is a pretty good number.
And I think that's like a micro-casm of this entire program.
You realize that?
53% of the audience, little over half,
a lot of bedtime stories.
They think it's important that it's a...
Absolutely.
...neccessary to have them on there.
And then there's like the other 47%.
That doesn't give a flying crap about that.
So it's the fine line we draw.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
Between saving the world and...
...and stuff like that.
5.
The local.
This is 5.
City.
The radio's on your town.
Q&A.
We're out here on the streets of the city,
asking people what they do for a condi-bar.
Excuse me, sir.
Yeah?
What would you do for a condi-bar?
I don't know.
Would you kiss me?
Kiss you.
Just a quick pack on the cheek.
It's for a condi-bar.
Okay.
Okay, give me my condi-bar.
Oh, you can do better than that.
I mean.
Kiss me full on the lips.
For the lips.
For a condi-bar.
Okay.
Now give me that condi-bar.
People are starting to look.
Alright, I'll give you your condi-bar.
But first you have to kiss me open mouth
with your tongue tickling my uvula.
It's for a condi-bar.
Oh, God.
Okay.
Oh, God.
Why are you looking at ladies for a condi-bar?
Yes, about that.
What?
Well, you see I don't actually have a condi-bar.
You know?
No, but it was very nice meeting you.
Very, very nice.
I'm going to kill you.
Shock like coated ice cream.
So rich and thick.
There's no room for a stick.
Who would you do for a condi-bar?
The reason I'm playing that.
If you only knew.
I'm going to ask you this question.
You know what everybody knows what a condi-bar is, right?
Right.
We know the size of it, the shape, we know the composition.
It's got that tin layer of...
I'm talking about just a plain ordinary pedestrian condi-bar.
Right.
Original one.
Sure.
Thin-thin layer of chocolate on the outside of very pedestrian-vinyl ice cream, right?
Okay.
Not exciting, but it's okay.
Sure.
Now, remember I told you how they found they have a new...
A Klondike score.
Oh no.
Bar.
I know where this is going.
Yes, you do.
But I'm the only one in the world that would admit this right on the year.
Right to the public to our vast audience, okay?
Because I have no shame.
When you're a fat slob and when you're addicted to sugar, I have no shame.
All you drug addicts out there and all you alcoholics I take back, everything I've ever said.
I think you better strap yourself in for this story.
You noticed I didn't tend to this before the show?
No.
I was saving it for on the year.
Now, how many if you were really starving, okay?
If you really were just out of your mind for something good, for a nice snack, how many Klondike bars do you think you could eat?
Three.
Baby four.
I like food.
So anyway, I go to a dominion yesterday, which is a beautiful supermarket.
And they have the Klondike score bars, which is the, it looks the same.
It's got the chocolate on it outside.
But the ice cream inside is that score stuff with somebody a toffee, a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a toffee.
Right.
I mean, inside.
So there are four to a box, okay?
There are four to a box.
I bought three boxes.
Not being, not having any self control or any common sense, I bought three boxes.
That's a dozen more.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
Okay.
Well, I polished off the first box, those four in no time.
I'm sitting there watching the guiding light, passions, whatever I'm watching.
Oh my god.
I polished those off before you could say fat slug.
Before you could even say, I like food.
Yeah.
Now, yesterday last night, I'm watching Dan Rather, the CBS evening news.
I really haven't eaten much dinner because I'm thinking, yeah, eat all of that stuff.
I better not.
But I'll have one more.
Okay.
Yeah.
Actually, what I was doing was I was downloading all my great bedtime stories because I see the audience overwhelming want the bedtime stories.
So I'm getting some good stuff printed out and I'll have one more.
Well, one turned into two and two turned into three.
Are you keeping our yow in tabs on the little how many are we up to now?
Seven.
Okay.
At that point, I threw the wrapper into the waste basket here and I ran to my freezer.
I grabbed the two boxes that remained one full and one with one.
I threw them into a garbage bag and ran down a hall and threw it down the garbage.
Good plan to save myself.
I don't think I'd be here today.
Have you ever heard anything so grotesque and disgusting in your entire life?
Not lately.
Seven.
Seven condi-bars.
And not that I'm a Slav, it's just that I like food.
Yeah, there you go.
Especially delicious score stuff.
I'm hooked on score.
Anybody want to score?
No thanks.
Isn't that a disgusting story?
No.
It's the press.
Of course, beater boys probably puking his guts out because it's all surrounded by chocolate on the outside.
Oh.
Gagging with a... with a...
Poon.
Here's our pool question today.
On the fat Slavney arrived your show.
See, I just, you know, most people are into Nile.
Just like every time over the years I've ever tried to talk about the whole fat thing, it's a waste of time.
We'd be better off doing a movie show again.
Nobody... I'm the only one who has these problems.
The only one who has these problems.
All those other fat Slavs that we see, which is most of our audience and most of the population,
those people that they just have glandular problems, they have a slow metabolism,
they don't do these thing out things like I do.
Absolutely not.
I think the only person who would admit to stuff like this is probably the beast and we don't talk to him anymore,
so before the show when he's ripping Mo and ass.
Well, I'll tell you Mo was right about him.
He's not a friend of Mo.
Of course we aren't either, but not like him.
Man, he was... when I did that...
Wait, what's this with the mute?
It was a good line.
Daryl Dingelberry instead of Daryl Strawberry.
It was relatively amusing.
It was kind of... like that.
But did you hear him go fong and shortly and puking his gut sound?
The paramedics are still working on it.
Don't suck around me, beast.
It's too late for that.
And in that city link article, I know a lot of you will read it about Scott Farrell.
Boy, the beast sucks on so heavy duty, man.
It's just unbelievable.
It's a miracle.
Well, I guess when you're that big and round, you know, like a human vacuum cleaner.
Speaking of eating a lot, it's got a lot of suction there.
Here's our poll question today.
Which of these moves...
Now, do you think that...
Oh, that's not... he hasn't called online, too.
I was hoping that...
The retire.
I need you beyond there.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I didn't just speak with me.
Speaking.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning. How are you?
All right.
Love for real.
That's the first thing I want to say.
What do you think about six to ten for Scott?
You think that's...
I think that would be perfect.
And I'm not a sports talk listener.
I listen to the mad dog a little bit every now and then I listen to Hank.
You know, the minute they start with the...
The...
The...
The...
Who's going to draft a four-year-old...
Oh, yeah.
I've been a gardener.
You know, I just...
Bye-bye.
Oh, in fact, at the end of Mosho this morning, they were going around a room.
They're asking who's going to be the first pick in the NBA draft.
I just wanted to jump out the window.
I couldn't believe that.
I think people need to get a life, right?
Yeah.
They don't understand the average person doesn't give a flying crap about that.
Yeah.
Who's the heat's first pick on a beat?
Who cares?
Yeah.
I don't think it is.
You were talking a couple of weeks ago about Easter eggs and I want to get movie intentions.
Right.
I'm not here.
Listen, whatever you like, man, because in the dog days of summer, I should already be on my two-day schedule.
I screwed up this year.
So I'm doing like penance here.
So whatever you want, that'll kill some good time.
You're not...
At least you're not here.
Thank God.
I'm here.
The Easter egg thing, you asked about what the whole thing was.
It has a lot to do with...
Again, people who have no lives have to look for the little Easter eggs and the deep rice.
And it complicates the hell out of menus.
You know, the menus that come up.
So some of the older players end up not being able to play the DVDs because of all that
embedded stuff in there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And it makes...
And I'll tell you, this is interesting because I bought and watched directly in for a green.
And I watched it with my girlfriend.
And if you think it's hard enough for somebody to make that movie out, try to put yourself
in the place where somebody was totally blind and having it described to them.
I mean, I got totally lost about three or four times.
We have to go back and she had to tell me, okay, this is what's happening.
This is what's going on because I mean, it is just...
But it's an amazing movie, man.
It is really an incredible movie.
So you're totally blind and you watch DVDs?
Yeah.
What's somebody explaining it to you?
Well, sometimes, and sometimes, depending on the movie, depending on what it is, sometimes
I can catch what's going on.
But it just makes the menus, the Easter egg thing, makes the menus a real pin of the ass.
I'll be damned.
I am amazed at...
I mean, I understand.
You have said it before that sugar is your addiction, but I am amazed that you could eat
seven corn bars.
Seven corn.
And now it wasn't all in one sitting, four in the first sitting and three in the next
one, but within a period of maybe like three, four hours.
Seven.
I have a box that I've had in there for two weeks and I've only taken one.
But I'm addicted to nicotine and I'm addicted to caffeine, so I guess I can understand
how somebody can be addicted to caffeine.
I'm going to tell you, I'm going to say it again, nobody will believe me, but I've never
done heroin or any hard drugs, but I guarantee you that there is no addiction in the world
that is more overwhelming and compelling than sugar.
I don't care what anybody says.
That certainly seems like it's a man.
I find friends who are like you who can sit down and just eat a whole pint of fish food.
A whole half gallon, yeah.
Well, let's have a great show, Neil.
Keep in mind with a condi-par, do it like vitamins one a day.
There you go.
Have a great day, pal.
Take a look.
It's several rogers on the radio, see, 55 blonde.
Hey, Faris.
See, I'm admit that though, nobody else would.
You're all a bunch of cool season.
Huh?
Genetic.
It's all genetics, man.
No, it's not.
It's being a fat slob.
You think that's what it is?
Is it mommy's fault?
It's your fault, ma.
You made me a fat, like, like Dom Deleway said in Fantzo.
How do you like your chubby baby now, ma?
Wasn't that the line pretty close?
What do you think of your chubby baby?
What do you think of your chubby baby?
Oh, my.
Oh, God.
It's pathetic.
Get the honey, Junior.
Here's our poll question today.
I only wish that one other beat me.
In fact, if there's anybody out there that can top me,
we ought to have a contest.
I've already done my part.
Am I going to do that again?
Because I wouldn't survive.
If we all for the food for free,
yeah, we'd have no end of contestants.
You know something you're right.
We'd have him lined up from there to God damn Jacksonville.
Oh, you give it away free, Condypaurus.
Well, we're not going to talk about it
because we're embarrassed,
but we'll combine E15 or 20.
I guarantee you, we could fill that stadium that way.
Yeah, we'll put that Pharrell to Shamero's Dan Marlin tickets.
Which of these moves by WQM do you like the most?
That's our poll question today.
Mogey Chubby back in the...
This is a tough one, by the way.
Mogey Chubby back in hour.
Pharrell gets the 8 to 10 slot.
The ill goes back to 10 to 2.
Mad Dog moves to 2 to 4.
Hank loses in hour or no more Crow on the Marlin games.
Now you see what I'm saying?
What are it's going to be a tough choice?
Because obviously, and we're not going to give them the easy out.
Like all of the above or not,
we're not going to forget about that.
I'm tired of the kind of pussy voting
that some of these people want to do it.
It's like when they take a poll, you know,
what do you like better death or life?
And then there's always like 2% no opinion, you know?
What else is that?
How can you have no opinion?
Which of these moves by WQM do you like the most?
Mogey Chubby back in hour.
Pharrell gets the 8 to 10 slot.
Neil goes back to 10 to 2.
Mad Dog moves to 2 to 4.
Hank loses in hour, same pay by the way,
and no more Crow on his Marlin game.
Fiking.
Oh no, my blue baby car.
License of registration please.
Hola, I am Carlos.
License and registration.
You do not understand.
I am Carlos, world famous Innerboy.
BDB, BDB, BDC.
I play with you for no extra charge.
License and registration.
Do you like the who I am?
Deploy from the vehicle.
It is I.
Deploy from the vehicle.
Now with your license and registration please.
These things I do not have, but it is not a vehicle.
It is my blue baby, hang us.
All right, hang behind the back.
Do not touch me.
You are searching my little cavity.
Have a problem with that.
No, you will find it is very clean.
Man, we're taking you downtown.
Where are the lights, are bright?
Let's go Innerboy.
Wait, wait, wait.
Don't they get the phone call?
All right, but make a quick.
It's in my sack, Julia.
Oh, oh, oh.
I think that strip is told me for.
All right, Vina Boy, let's go.
I said that you were 50 years.
For being a public annoyance.
You can't come in me, you win.
Thank you, Julia.
You win.
Where's the lioness?
I am here to protect you.
I lost him in there.
Hey, there's this thing.
This is not a good thing.
What do you know?
What are you saying?
What are you in here for more?
That was my Marquilla's snack, too.
I was good on fighting.
But I couldn't fight.
So I killed Zack for good vision.
Please do not hurt me.
Hey, Tyte.
You, please go to bed.
Get along in a fresh, no meat over here.
Go ahead, missum jibbess.
Go ahead, missum jibbess.
I'm all ahead, missum jibbess.
Why sure?
We're going to have you some jibbess right now.
Go.
Get the brook steak, Tyson.
I got the chicken.
I got the cheese, don't ask.
The boy I told you he was good.
He's smell like David Tathur.
Don't smell like David Tathur.
I know.
Makes me so horny.
The boy.
The boy.
The boy.
Ah.
Ah.
1048 cross-been-er-boy about 55-60 bucks
to come to work this morning with a cam.
Now, how many days are you going to be able to keep that up?
About 30, man.
Seriously?
I didn't have Reynolds Shirt in my old car, but now that I'm
transferring the insurance, I'm getting, uh, that they give me a loan or a rental car.
So hopefully by tomorrow I'll have my rent.
And what about your driver's license?
That shit I've already been taken care of.
Oh, that's right.
Thanks very much to our good friend Randy Maltosha at the ticket defense team.
Yes, sir.
Thank God for him, man.
He is the best.
Anybody out there gets it away to a ticket or any kind of a traffic situation.
Ticket defense team.
Don't ever forget it.
They're the best.
You're walking through a step by step through everything you need to do.
Slap by slip.
47 votes on the pool already.
And look at the result.
We have nearly a three-way tie.
This is going to be nip and tuck nose to nose, as to ass.
Which of these moves by WQM did you like the most?
Neil goes back to tentative.
Now, I voted for that from strictly selfish purposes.
Me too.
Would you agree?
That's what I voted for.
We loved tentative.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Right?
Absolutely.
And the difference is staggering.
I mean, it is palpable.
It's almost palpable as the tension between guilty and moe.
Not quite.
Neil goes back to tentative to 14.
Moe gets you back in our 14 and for nuggets he hates to 10 slot 13.
So it's almost a three-way tie.
Almost a triple that he'd so far.
No more crow on a Marlon broadcast for.
Hank loses an hour too and Mad Dog moves to 2 to 4.
Oh, now that Muff is back today.
You think maybe we can get a little bit more information since Clarence was impotent yesterday,
which is not unusual.
He was limp.
Sends us the X-trend overview report, which again, I don't know if we're supposed to have these or not,
but who the hell cares about the latest trend that came out two days ago?
And which, you know, we didn't do all that great.
It was mediocre on QAM, but nevertheless, RFX,
the other sports station 940 on the dial had a big zero.
Not one diary.
It's just inconceivable to me.
None, zero, nothing.
Zipini Duda.
What a horrible day.
That must be what they're singing over there at the tea channel.
They're sports, baby.
Not a single freaking diary.
And even they got the crow there in the morning now.
Who do you think they would have put him over the top?
No.
In fact, maybe that's the reason.
Maybe they could smell the casual mire bouquet coming through their radio speakers
and they couldn't handle it.
They were gagging on it.
WRFX.
So I'd sure like to get paid for on there to show us the QAM number, okay?
And the whatever this information is here.
But oh, no, we don't want to do that.
We don't want to give you too much information about how we're doing.
We'd rather show you how the guys down the street suck wind as if we didn't already know that.
I'm challenging this audience.
I want to hear it from some caller today who's got a bigger pick-out story
than my eaten seven-clondike bars.
And not just regular pedestrian-clondike bars, but the score-clondike bars.
I don't know if you...
I'm sure they must be around.
I'm sure somebody will know some fat...
I mean, uh, some personal love.
You're talking about some connoisseur of great sweets is what you're talking about.
Talking about that some fat person.
Some connoisseur of great fattening stuff.
Someone who cruises the freezer section like a woman going shopping.
Like me.
I like food.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
It is a disgusting story.
But hey, it certainly isn't the first I've told you.
I've told you about getting a half a gallon of that briar-score ice cream
and putting it into microwave to stop it enough and then eating all around the edges.
And then you have like a little mountain in the middle, like a little hill of ice cream in the middle.
And then you run.
You run to the sink and you put the hot water on your meat like melted and shmit can it.
Is what you do.
Lest you eat all of it.
Listen, seriously, I can eat a half a gallon of good ice cream without even thinking about it.
Always sitting there watching TV, though.
Don't you have to be watching TV doing these things?
It helps.
There are some people I don't want to mention any names in the QA Building who have been known to eat on the throne.
I don't want to get too graphic.
To me, that's where I draw the line.
Where did the bathroom door?
Yeah.
Huh?
Yeah.
I draw the line in the sand with my big toe right there.
Like, no, this is not a place for eating.
Not while you're not while there are role-miss in here.
That's unnatural.
And it's almost like you're trying to replace what's coming out with something else going in.
So you can keep the balance.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's a func sway.
Exactly.
Oh, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the 80 and T.
Also, today, I want to hear from some male listener who doesn't like Furell.
See, if I just said from a listener who doesn't like him, because he so far has had the most unanimous support, which is great.
Because that to me is a close second.
Be said going back to 10 to 2 is having him as a leading and getting a nice separation from Mo.
So I can see why there's almost a three-way tie there because they all kind of like fit in.
You know, Mo?
They all kind of like fit in together.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
They're all interrelated.
Absolutely.
Here's a call from North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
That's like being a real common sewer, isn't it?
Yes, always.
Like being in a human sewer.
Did you know that they make Yorktown peppermint patties also?
I don't like those.
I don't like them.
I don't like them.
I don't like them.
And they want to make a heat bar?
They want to make a heat bar, yeah.
Oh, no.
Why did you come to that?
I cruise there.
I only eat as much as that, but I do cruise there.
Now, what's the most you've ever eaten at one sitting ice cream?
Oh, not that much, really.
Maybe half a pint.
I don't know how to tell you that.
Please.
I have a pint.
Oh, my God.
I feel so bad that there and I look at my stuff.
I couldn't eat a half a pint before I sat down on the couch.
Are you kidding me?
I had a...
Did you by any chance there was an article on the paper yesterday about how the governor is going to change the education system in Florida?
He's going to allow high school students to graduate in three years.
Great.
That'll cut down on me.
I don't see what difference it'll make to get the same education to get in now, basically really.
Right.
The other thing I wanted to mention, I got to go, I don't know how you word it, but a great
poll all in here in lately is what a great country we have.
Really?
Yeah, I mean people are always saying to me, you know, we're the greatest country in the
world.
I agree.
I'm in a great country, but I'm not in the US, so.
I know.
Well, I feel, what I think would be a great poll, if people could explain why the country's
great.
Maybe it's the health care or the education the kids are getting or maybe it's the, you
know, the fur tax system.
The fur tax system.
I mean, there's so many great things that people should be able to explain it because when
I ask people, they tell me what a great country is, well, what's your criteria?
Dead silence.
They have nothing to say.
It's just heard it so much.
They just get out their little flag and they wave it a little bit and sing God bless
them out.
Yeah, that's it.
And they can't speak anything to them.
Yeah, they do make one other ice cream, which I don't remember, but it has a great
caramel in it, like boozing, you know, have a great day.
Yeah, you too, Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, guys trying to kill me.
Try to put me under.
Now, maybe I am the only one.
I don't want to feel alone.
I'm sure that I'm not because it believed me.
I'm like Minnie Mouse compared to so many of the other people that I see.
And I've seen a lot of you folks too.
Okay, you're not kidding me.
I've seen some of you people who make me look like, uh, Rumpel Stiltskin on a bad day.
I mean, we're talking huge like that.
Remember the first season in the new arena, the panthers, the macarena?
Nope.
Yes.
No, you remember me talking about the guy that Kimmel was bitching about those seats
in the corner?
How narrow they are.
And he's got a big fat ass.
He couldn't squeeze his ass.
Too bad.
Lose some weight, you fat tub.
Okay.
And by the way, how about a conduct bar or two or three?
No, thanks.
Or six or seven.
I like food.
10, 56 at five, 60, 60, up to QAM.
Hey, I've taken another thing we like in that's hair.
Unfortunately, a lot of us don't have too much life.
All you guys out there, at least most of you,
assume that later that bald spot starts hitting you and then grows and grows
and it gets bigger and bigger.
And before you know what you have nothing but a big bald spot on top of your head.
Charles Offie here has designed and supplied hair systems to the most important people
and average Joe is like you for over 35 years because Charlie's got the best
the most natural looking system in the greatest piece in the world.
It's called the natural hairline system because it looks like it's going out of your scalp.
Not like a dead muskrat died on your head or not like some grotesque bunch of holes
were drilled in your head and they put like a couple of follicles in here and there.
If you really want to look better and younger than you have in a long time,
give Charlie a try because his natural hairline system is stupendous.
Nobody will know that it's not the real thing.
And right now he's offering a summer special hair system for 549 bucks for first time customers only.
If you already have a hair system, you can save you 50% on service and repair
on all types of hair systems including shampoo and trim as well.
Charles Offie here, he's the benchmark of the industry.
He doesn't lose but the bald spot because Charlie gives you a 38 guarantee.
Don't delay call Charles Offie here today and get your hair back and look great.
1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413.
That's the number to call or check out their website CharlesOffie here.com.
I got into an accident in my new car.
I asked the cops just who they're hurting.
I tried to throw my way around but my group failed.
So they threw my peanut boy ass in jail and I got bombed.
They did the peanut boy bombed.
That's it?
It is their way of having fun.
Done the peanut boy bombed.
Right, Tom?
I like to take my bath in the sink to help keep my chiplets nice and clean.
When I tried to apply my baby perfume right here in the sink is where I got screwed.
I got bombed.
They did the peanut boy bombed.
Oh right.
They liked the boy.
And they're young.
So they did the peanut boy bombed.
Old man more.
He mowed it up to me.
He said, you're the cutest del-boy that I ever didn't see.
I'm going to pop your cherry.
There is nothing you can do.
But you can't pick your boyfriends in the tombs.
Let's bomb them.
They did the peanut boy bombed.
By and large they all would come all over the peanut boy that was bombed.
Come here baby.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Give them lathe.
We got phoenixs ready.
We get 5 to 6 hour backs soon.
So did we get that other她 the other
Sheets?
Those extraioned sheets you yet?
No.
I natuurce and suffer getting cr
up to leave Ky spot.
Yes sir?
see who's got the busier ass. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. I don't like
Ferrell. Yeah. The H-Morino doesn't like Zach Thomas. He loves the Marlins.
And he's trying to get George's job when you're gone. That's thanks. I like George.
Ferrell should not buy a house. He ain't gonna last. Okay. Bye. Thanks, Polly. Well
there's a guy who doesn't like Scott. I don't know. I guess there have to be a few.
I guess one or two or three. How many I think there are? Five six seven oh five
sixty pound. We see we won't get any of your stories. Now the guy that called I mean
he was a good guy but he can eat a half a pint ice cream. What is that? Nothing.
I can tell. First of all I wish I could eat a half a pint and put the rest of it away.
There is a tritamin chance in hell I could do that ever. When somebody tells me
that they ate a half a container of Ben and Jerry's and they put the rest in the
freezer I think to myself what kind what are you talking about? Why even waste your
time? My appetite isn't even wedded by the time I get to the bottom of the
first pint. Which of these moves by WQM did you like the most? We have 135 votes.
Neil goes back to 10 to two 56. Ferrell gets the 8 to 10 slot 37.
Mo gets shoved back an hour 27. No more crow on a Marlin broadcast 10. Hank loses
an hour three and Magdog moves to two to four two because those last two
I just rather insignificant you know just a little bit of a shuffle like the
abortion shuffle 5 6 7 0 5 60 one other thing I want to definitely talk about
before you let me forget okay and that is this RIA thing. What's that? The
record industry to sue downloads we were talking about it before the show this
morning. A lot of people getting into a real panic about this beener boy.
The empattled music industry disposed aggressive plans yesterday for an unprecedented
escalation in its fight against internet piracy threatening to sue hundreds of
individual computer users who illegally share music files online. We're going
to line them up and blow their crap away. The Rec recording industry
Association of America the RIA setting substantial sales the concept will
begin today to search internet file sharing that works to identify users who
offer substantial collections of MP3 music files for downloading it expects to
file at least several hundred lawsuit seeking financial damages within eight to
10 weeks. Executives for the RIA the Washington based lobbying group that
represents major labels wouldn't say how many songs any users computer would
qualify for a lawsuit the new campaign comes just weeks after US appeals
court rulings requiring internet providers to identify subscriber
suspect of illegally sharing music and movie files. The RIA is present and
Carrie Sherman said tens of millions of internet users of popular file sharing
software after today will expose themselves to the real risk of having to face
the music. It's stealing it's both wrong and illegal Sherman said alluding to
the court decision Sherman said internet users who believe they can hide behind
an alien's online were mistaken you are not anonymous he said we're going to
begin taking names. Critics accused the RIA of
reserting to heavy handed tactics like likely to alienate millions of internet
file shares this latest effort really indicates the recording industry has
lost touch with reality completely said Fred Vod Loman a lawyer for the
Electronic Frontier Foundation does anyone take more lawsuits are going to be
the answer today they declared war on the American consumer. Sherman disputed
that consumers who are gradually turning to legitimate websites to buy
music legally will object to the industry's latest efforts against pirates you
have to look at exactly who are your customers he added you could say the
same thing about shoplift here's are you worried about alienating them all sorts
of industries retailers have come to the conclusion that they need to be able to
protect their rights we've come to the same conclusion Mike Goodwin Godwin a
public knowledge a consumer group that challenged broad crackdowns on
file sharing that was said yesterday's announcement was appropriate because
it targeted users illegally sharing copyrighted files I'm sure it's going to
freak them out Godwin said the free right is over he added I wouldn't be
surprised if at least some people engaged in file trading decided resist and
tried to find ways to fork litigation strategy no Schmidt Mike so what do you
think see I don't understand how are they going to find out I'm reading this but
how do they find out who's not even who's nice how do they do they have days
who they have ways well that's a little bit chillin ain't it it is chill especially
if you're chillin are spending a lot of time on your computer and you know what
the hell you're doing this is another one of your psychic things because just
yesterday based on other issues I told my child to uninstall Kazan all other
associated things like good good move when it doubt yank it out 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I'd sure like to find out how
the hell they do that because it sounds like they're like tap right into your
computer right well depending on which file sharing service you're using
yeah I'm giving you the ability to see exactly what the individual has out
there in other words when you find somebody that has a file that you want you
can also look at their other files so you get an idea of what their collection
or selection is going yeah here's a call from plantation hello yeah and you
like the way in on your situation yes sir a little play on words yeah it doesn't
crispy cream donuts I can down eight and one sitting and when I'm done with I
just feel so awful but I just keep on eating home yeah I can I my number is three
crispy cream because they're so sweet and so rich three is my limit no less
in no more yeah yeah get a little filling in someone like the blueberry the apple
ones filled up they'll really kill you oh you get bonus points for that yeah well
have a night day just want to leave you with that thought I'll have a
I'll see it online a crispy cream okay they had the opening of a new one in
Boston I was just reading at this morning see there's your psychic powers
again inspired the sky and they said it was the biggest opening they ever had
another one here outside of Toronto that they was it last year must have been
they had a just gigantic remember how many I forget how many like a million
donuts or some unbelievable total but the one in Boston they said was the
biggest one they ever had crispy cream you can't eat only a three dozen right now
there yes we we might have a contest there's so the crispy creams are so light
and fluffy and yummy no they're not they're well they're light in the way but
in terms of richness man they're sweet there that's why it's like an injection
into your veins is that I think in a pure sugar injection right into your
your vein I could eat a dozen of those easy a dozen yeah I couldn't do not know
you couldn't you say that no I'm not gonna do it oh man I've got to do is we'll
have you know well next time I'm gonna tell we'll sit down the dozen crispy cream
and we'll bring in like a gallon of Ben and Jerry's fish food we can now a gallon
a gallon would be how many points there's two points in a quart okay we should do
my weight there's two points in a quart right okay so that's and then there's
four quarts in a gallon so that's eight points that would that would be eight
points I got to handle that well that's here's like as four points would be
half again I take that back four points would be half-gown that'd be my limit
although it was Nestle's turtle I might actually I might I might dip into the
fifth oh man here's a call from Bokeh hello hey good morning you're sir you know
I really love for all the beginning nothing's out like them now but you know
the boobs and the cans and the drinking and the beef burping and yeah
yeah it's getting a little bit more of that but
the drinking thing he doesn't drink like that I mean the hell he doesn't the hell he doesn't
that would be that would be like you saying about me oh Neil doesn't eat like that
he didn't know a seven-pound like bars yeah I mean I drink like a fish too I mean
I have to work I pound them down but I think it's getting a little old you know
but I listen to them but your 10 to 2 hour is great because I get a little more
howard sperm but that's getting a little old too is it yeah so you know the
lesbian is in that how much can you handle I mean I've been around I've been around a
little bit and he's okay but let me ask you this is an improvement over what we
had before I don't want him to give him the personalities of somebody would say
yes yes yes and I get up very I'd have a landscaping business I get up to five
in the morning and I have my coffee and read the paper and yes Galdi is finally
got a back home he's finally getting back and sniffing back at Mo more more
often than ever yeah it's long overdue that's long overdue because this
pompous asshole is just way he's not that way out of here okay probably have a
great day thank you see yeah well tell Scott got back a couple of shots today
what do you think now what you hear is what you get and just like the
city link article said he's a mad man he's a drunk he's a I don't want to say a
drunk but he drinks a lot right he doesn't come into work drunk which is good
course that's eight in the morning would be a little bit tough I'm sure he could
do it I don't think he could do it but I think some of the people we used to
work with at the old I would eat probably get a handle it at the action I would
be wow in fact they used to have IVs attached to bottles of caffeine-free diet
coke which are I'm in a caffeine plot extra diet coke what was that soda that
they made a Rochester jolt wasn't it the stuff that suds was very yes that
extra caffeine correct maybe that's what Scott should start on maybe we could
weam off the booze get him out of the a jewel hey so I want to do an experiment
during this next break yeah go to your email after you read the spot because I
um I want to see if my phone can send you pictures if your phone can send me
pictures I like you a picture from my phone are they naked pictures of Moses
no it's current picture 11 13 at 5 60 to what like a picture of in there real
time yeah real oh if I had to look at you guys during the show I might have to
go on have a couple more fun back bar I wasn't waste of time from the stress I'll
tell you a great place to pick out the pizza lot and they really do I always say
it and some people might disagree but the portions that they bring you and I'm
not just talking about for me they don't do special whatever they bring you they
give you enough for like two people big portions of fresh delicious
Italian goodies they got every Italian pasta dish out of the sun and chicken and
veal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza calzone super subs
garlic rolls the best in a history of mankind and every night they got something
special going on for the loft as well like for example every Thursday like
tonight is bike night at the lot come on a motorcycle score it's great by one
dinner get the second one for half price and you can bring the whole family
all your friends as often as you want because the prices won't put a big bite
in your pocket book especially if somebody else is paying for it call 9 5 4 9 1 6
88 80 that's the daily location on university drive between Griffin and 595
behind here one in fourth for takeout for catering for delivery and now the brand
new pizza lot is implantation long overdue man out by me for so long we've
needed a place that really had great food at very modest prices and here it is
the pizza lock with great fresh Italian goodies 9 5 4 3 8 2 9 9 5 4 3 8 2
9 9 9 7 a quarter of now hill and sunrise right behind Walgreens in a
little hard to see from shopping center but it's well worth your fine and
it causes stupendous the world flaming pizza law
I'm looking at being a boy as we speak how do you like that
you don't sound like a man remove the rubber bands that choke your scroll
come tell me tell me tell me tell me your lucky management
of hell because you don't belong there on the air and
you know the sports and wait till your voice cracks
cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job and they should
only take you back when both your babies drop
Elcalty when you're gonna grow up you make us want to throw up
you feel a sweet school go to broadcasting school your free
few beds and boys make you sound like a
but here you're all right you're all right
yeah he's pushing up just a little bit he's not taking a crap anymore from the old man
1120 and I'm looking at this picture now what give me the story on what this is
I mean I know a picture mean it voice something to cheer with his shades on
you're looking at what I'm looking at what do you mean by that this is a first
for me no no no no this is a still this is not it's not a live picture this is
from like whenever you might as well be
was in a way he still he still slept over the chair
no no Hank fell asleep during his own show was he's falling asleep not fall in
not falling rather he's asleep he's asleep
alright and yes of course I sent a copy to Eric so it's right it's already on
the website right there front and center for the y'all it's a beautiful thing
audience can see being a boy sound asleep really hard at work doing what he does best
this is a this is a first I mean I'm in the first I think
before but it was a high school basketball game how embarrassing now what what are we going to do
about I don't know I was hoping that we could work out something like any special reason
for this I mean he did not know what he was supposed to be putting those bedtime stories on
here which we had like 17 of the day he's taken a nap he's losing his I looked up I was going to say something
and I noticed that he was out so I had not gone well this show has been on to do that
yeah plus we're talking about food you know I like food yeah right he's not into it so I thought we
could figure out an imaginative clever way of waking him up or or not how about if
clearance comes in and taxes back to about that I mean clearance admitted to me the other
yesterday he's desperate he'll take anything he might sleep through that
I was first asked that jail experience might be old news 198 votes on a pool which of these moves by
QM did you like the most Neil goes back to 10 to 2 80 oh we're pulling away
vulgar chub back in our 47 for out against the 8 to 10 slot 44 no more crow on
those Marlon games 15 Hank loses in our 8 and the mad dog moves to 2 to 4 4 so it's basically
a three we all a crow is doing a bit of an I thought he would 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line uh Vina Boisersley he's taking a nap he's under a lot of
stress did he get his time sheet at least he has he did there you go well I guess that's probably
what put him over the edge when clearance told him he had five minutes to get his time sheet
and he wasn't going to pay it on the 10th I think that just stressed him out max all these
people are in a big important meeting of some sort that's why we're not going to be able to get those
numbers anytime soon a big important meeting right maybe it's a meeting about what we're going to be doing
on starting next week that could be on like Monday Wednesday and Friday maybe
that's a for all kind of a meeting where we actually get an answer to our question but why do
we want to decide now when we have like at least a full week to do it sure here's Miami
hello Miami he's gone oh he's there's somebody there hello hola and back to you have a
nice life here is a call from coral springs hello hey Neil one time first time yes sir
um I'm an attorney I represent a bunch of people being sued by direct DV I heard you're talking about
being sued by the recording industry associate America some believable if people don't
think that they can really be sued by these big companies they can I represent about a half a
dozen people right now and what the recording industry is going to do is they're going to get your IP
address when you download files off a causa they'll go to your internet service provider say
who was logged on at that time and that's it they've got you now they still got a proof
who was sitting behind the computer right but at least they they now have your address and who
will who needs that kind of problem also in other words they have to prove who's at the
computer though some of it just because the computer might be in your name for example or
like to use me as an example in my name if somebody else is at my computer and is sharing
files I'm not responsible for that it's a good defense but again you're going to have the
cost of litigation oh so I'm going to put my computer in the bottom of the pool when I get
back I think so it's the safest thing to do yeah anyway I like to tend to two thanks palying all
right see you okay so there's some good news for you now be able I'm sure he's going to give us
some information about that is he still asleep yeah get out of here are you sure he's alive
no I'm going to go poke him with this I would hate to think that he was going to die in the
middle of the show you know I'm saying those might have been his last words right after he said I like food
that's all my yeah yeah maybe my client like bars three put him over the edge under the edge
go in the other room and tap him all right on the shoulder very likely because he's
slumped over he's got a shave don't want to be on the shoulder lightly I want to kick the chair
so he falls out of it okay kick the chair and jump up like I don't know what you know what you're
going to do here we go yeah I'm in the other room I'm in the other room okay I'm over here
I'm going to turn the microphone up really not so we can hear what happens okay I'm going
to tap your chair over so he falls on the ground okay no I'm going to swim with a chair
he's going to fall wake up wake up he's not dead well I'm sure he's not dead all right
peanut boy still alive he survived two days with a higher layer cups with a broom handles
and all he's still alive that's shocking what was the reaction movement slow it first slow
and this sounds like a drug addition to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
and you know this I had the one guy with a donut thing but there's nobody going to
top me on the ice cream because they're they're liars you're by your end of the aisle okay you're
in denial they will not admit that they're pigs that they do these things that they binge like
I do they want to leave me hanging out there in the lim oh that Neil he's a real pig can you believe
anybody can be that disgusting I guarantee there are some of you folks out there if you
pardon the expression could eat me under the table and some of you might not be a bad idea
seriously it's just not even in league with some of you people but again I told you I predicted
that I was right after a hundred years of doing this craft they just a lot of themselves I know I do it
it's not like I did subconsciously how you doing peanut boy you okay
yeah twenty six past eleven at five sixty wq a m you're in coherent station
grandi shoes this year celebrating twenty five years of doing you and your feet right in South
Florida amazing any independent family shoes to it has been around for that long has
got to be doing many many things right like treating you great giving you fair deals
and giving you unbelievable selection they got all the top brands in the business they've
got rock ports echoes mefisto timberland clarts s a s floor shim and lots more and no
matter how big or tiny your feet may be they got exactly the size you need in stock
ready to slap on your feet right now man size six to fifteen women's five to twelve
and which from very narrow to the very wide and they give you professional service to make sure
you get a perfect fit every time with over forty thousand parents stock in their eight
thousand square foot megastore you can bet be in her boys life on it that exactly the
parent's time you're looking for is in stock right now brandy's you'll find them at twelve
ninety north federal highway and pop it obit's they're open daily nine till nine every Sunday
ten to five and all this week at brandy's by one pair of rock ports and get the second
pair at fifty percent off everybody in their brother-in-law loves rock port shoes
they're some of the best offers good on all men's and women's rock port styles except the seventy
one hundred series so be sure and stop in this week at brandy's or check them out on the
web at brandy's shoes dot com
you
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
of
What does that mean? Why do I like it so much because it's a real city?
Oh, because I'm from there originally and yeah, you know people got a chip on their shoulder. No, they don't
People there have a chip under shoulder and soft thought. I don't I don't meet anybody who would a chip under shoulder
People are friendly their polite. It's a great place a real city. What was I like? No, it is
It's a very close-up city and it's a world-class
Then why would you say people have a chip on you should just got through saying they have a chip under shoulder
Why would they see it about about Americans?
You know when I one of my relatives go come down here I go up there. It's like God how can you live in America?
Is this that that I'm like yeah?
There's only 30 million people in the country
But see I don't I don't talk to people about America when I go to a restaurant
They say are you American? I mean just a guy, you know, I mean
That's another way thing is that people here seem to get along
You know you got people from all different parts of the world everybody seems to get along
Well, yeah, that's what I'm saying because when I go up there it's like all they talk about America
They know more about America than about Canada. I haven't had anybody talk to me here about America now one person
I've been here almost two years on and off and I've never had anybody talk to me about America
Really? Well, how come this so fascinating up there about the US everything for you
After you have they love coming down here
Well, because they're in a pended of the US what do you expect because we made them look into a stepchild
The only difference being that it's a hell of a lot more progressive and they're like moving forward rapidly here
And making great strides while the US is taking giant steps backward with bush
How do they make it? How do they think progressive and have a great day sir
If I have to if I have to draw a road map for you know, no wonder they kicked his ass out of here
Okay, probably the custom said hey don't come back
Fine like this guy's gonna argue with me if you don't like it here. Don't come back pal
If you like it in the States great if I have to display the other difference between progress between living in an enlightened country
And living in a repressive stone age country. Hey, it's hopeless
I'm glad you're happy and I am too
And I'm especially happy that you're not here no mo
5 6 7 0 5
Welcome. You don't like Amsterdam anymore. How come you like Toronto? How come you like fish food? How come you like them?
Climb like score bars. How do I do because I feel like it? I do like that
Like I'll just got an explanation
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, well, I'll explain it a little bit to him. Why the hell shouldn't Toronto?
And be proud of the wonderful city like Toronto right and you know, so yeah
Toronto and you know a lot Canadians in general know a lot about the world in general
Unlike Americans who are very parochial and never been anywhere right exactly
That idiot belongs here in Miami. Yes, he found he found his level
I mean my goodness that good I call this blew me away. I forgot what the hell I was gonna call you about
Serious that was like ridiculous
They don't have a chip Toronto. You don't have a chip on there. I'm gonna tell you something the one knock on the people here over
The years has been the people are too polite if there's such a thing. I don't after limited South Florida for so many years
I don't think there's any such thing as too polite
It's a pleasure to find people that are friendly that hold the door open. It's a good morning. I have no problem with that
I've never met a Canadian who would keep the change if they were given too much change back
You know, uh, I could I could mention one but I don't want to mention his name on you
That's true anyway, I just wanted to make a little comment about Carlos who I really do like and I know you
I like him too a lot, but he's he's he's I have a feeling that he's spinning out of control and his
his
Supervisor their George is just sitting by and enjoying an amusement watching it happen
Well, uh, you know, uh, the thing is that I know you're an excellent person to work for and I know that George is extremely loyal to you
Has never a bad word to say about you when you're away and that is extremely loyal and uh, and behold and see that's how what Carl is told me
Well
So you should have heard the crap off the year. No, not on the year. He's not gonna sick
I might be monitoring. I got a pot here. I can pot him up anytime. Man, please now. He's okay. George is all right
He's got his uh, but then don't we all have a great day, pali
See you around a
Yes, he's picking on through as if we haven't had enough being people picking on us already here with his SARS in the mad cow
In the west now virus and now we got that big concert July 30th the free concert for only 2150
But it's going to it's going to a good cause going to uh, charity the nurses that worked overtime during the SARS thing
It's gonna be good. The stones are gonna be here and the AC DC and a whole bunch of people
But just to prove that nothing is perfect Justin Tinkerbell be here too
I
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in
Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed by those dealers trying to sell you
Automobiles brand new see I don't need the fancy grills all those new cops man
I've had my baby 20 years shitting on those stripped out years to the hongo
And the hongo
Got a four on the floor it got all four of its doors, but not a hell of a lot more
It needs a brand new ignition. It got a broken transmission
It got some holes in the body got front and rear fenders missing leaks like to son of a gun
I'm like so what it runs it's a piece of you know what did you but at least it's made for aha
It's a trouble one at five 60 it's our gigantic world famous new into one hour
Thank God for being back 10 to two. It's all I can say and I'm looking at these numbers. Do they send this to make directed to you facts?
I thought the law fact the X trends
Not a pretty picture. I'll tell you that of course these are 12 plus they mean absolutely nothing
It's impressive. I got like just zidians the numbers here all kinds of stations AMFM mobile X-on chevron
You name it we got it
But it's not a pretty picture this 12 plus is it nope
Morning in the last month in May 2.1 mid days 3.1
Afternoons are two two
Night times a 1.1 and on a weekend a 1.0
That's 12 plus which which means nothing
Why are we wasting our time with this? I guess we can't get the other demos in this X trends right?
I guess or is it just that they're saying this to impress me again at our effects at Fox Sports has a big
In a month of May and they want to like emphasize that against
Which that one does mean something because that's the entire audience 12 plus I mean
There's no hope of them finding where like in men
We did good. They just had no diaries nobody
They got got young people they got old people. They don't have men. They don't have women. They don't have children
They don't have dead people. They don't have senior citizens. They don't have anybody because they have a zero
That is remarkable and yeah, it's amazing. It's amazing. Is he working on those bedtime stories? I want to report minute by minute
I want to know what else going on there
These pictures of him leaning over past that it was amusing the first time but now you know
Why do we want to hey clearance? Why do we want to pay somebody to come in and sleep? You know they QM hotel
Just why not give him a pillow pillow in a sheet works for everybody else
Yeah
Man oh man, what a hot shot all of a sudden he gets a couple of paychecks right off the bed he thinks he's coming in just a
snoozing and cruising and schmoozing and smoking and joking and
Token here's a shaman hollywood who says I hardly concur with your listener recommended the name of the rose
Sean Connery plays a monk who's kind of an ecclesiastical Sherlock Holmes investigating the brutal murders of younger monks in a remote 15th century monastery
Not to be missed our Ron Proman is the heretical demanded hunchback
This is quite a review man not to be missed
Who speaks English Italian French and Portuguese the all in the same sentence and even Christian Slater can't ruin the sex scene between the
Virginal Young monk Ujul and a filthy but beautiful play a peasant girl the scene is so horny that you wish you were straight if only for a moment
Well, why is that I cannot look at Christian Slater if you must he's out of study he wasn't there at our olders this movie
Old oh well in that case he was like young and hung he wasn't that ugly. He was just annoying right certainly wasn't ugly
He was pretty okay. I'd watch so there you go. That's the latest negators from Sean and hollywood is chronic but okay five six seven oh five sixty
We had one guy we had one I and of course what I asked for we never get anyway, you know, it's just frost my ass
That's the one thing that's the one boat of contention
That I'll never ever give up on is the fact that these bastards just will not play the game man no matter what it is that I'm asking
They don't I had asked for a male males out there don't like for well and the reason I did this because I didn't think they're beat now
Maybe that one guy maybe he's the only one maybe that's possible
Because I think that he's gone over bigger than god damn Mary Tyler more if you ask me I could be wrong about that
I could be totally full of crap. I don't think so
And we won't find out till the end of July when a June month kicks in there
Also instead of coming in the old Amath will be very nice
I realize that you'd like to give us that medical report every morning
But during that period of time that we have to bond in the morning, which is so such valuable
Short period of time will be a hell of a lot nicer if you'd like tell me what else going on
Wouldn't that be better if we had like a little business talk instead of dust daily medical report?
Ah, whatever if there's anybody on swathe here about dust
them we'll give them your home phone number. He can call you up and tell you
Look for the QM van right now from now to one o'clock at Austin's dive shop in Miami
105 25 South Dixie highway. I bet you Miguel is sitting there just dying to see you stop
I'd get some free Marlon tickets courtesy of the mere little pages from Bell Sound
Somebody's got to go
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, good news
The Supreme Court throughout the Sodom, I mean, law in Texas. How come I'm not watching the CNN right now
It's on loving it love. It's on aol the
No, there it is right now. There's a watch his name Bob Frank and it just turned 100
That's finally some good news. Who's expected? But isn't that a shock?
Yeah, I gotta I can't imagine which three were in the minority the three who fascist over there
Scalia rank quest and the clearance of token Thomas probably right the three get the three guise or whatever right
But now is the question Neil the Supreme Court hang on the right privacy in the home
Would it affirm or overturn its own 1986 ruling which upheld the Georgia law banning Sodom all together
Or with the justices limit their new decision to the Texas statute that only banned Sodom between homosexuals
In 1998 to Houston men were arrested briefly jailed and fined $200
When they were caught in a sexual act by polícia who crashed into their bedroom
Investigating what turned out to be a false burglary report
Stop oh
Stoppose the word go ahead sir. I'm sorry. Oh, it's okay. You can listen to that. I just uh
I wonder now if we could go go go go go
You say
What did he say burger rate boom. I'm a little bum bum. Oh something about that
I don't want to hear no more than that.
So how do you like that?
The Supreme Court said it's...
That's why the Texas Law...
The Public Health, the Public Memorial says...
Oh, the Family Research Council.
There's another one of those crazy right-wing religious nuts.
With this homophobic bullcrap.
Oh, there's Rick Santorum.
I'm sure he's like Fulman at the Mount.
He's probably bending down on all fours right now.
Here is the story.
Let me print it out.
When did that print it out?
Oh, this computer is driving me nuts.
So the guy that called before who allegedly was from Toronto,
but has loved it down there now.
Here's another classic example for here.
It's 2003.
And they're finally, the Supreme Court had the balls finally,
to strike down these archaic Sodomy laws, okay?
Well, we got gays flocking here from all over the world
to get married now.
And while they're decriminalizing Marigewini,
and I've put in people in jail for a couple of pin joints,
how are they making strides?
So you're living in a stone age, man, and believe me,
like the other guy said, you found your right level.
Softloader perfect for you.
Just look at Benavoy there.
It's slammed into the goddamn slimmer just because he happened to be.
Drive one out of license.
Hit somebody in the middle of the street.
Was on the wrong side of the road.
Drunk.
Stone out of his mind.
I mean, you know, what kind of excuse is that to put somebody in jail?
Right?
Here's the story.
Supreme Court's right now.
Oh, you're awake now?
How's it going?
How are you doing?
I don't know.
I guess not too good.
From what?
From what?
We're going to have to get him a new computer.
How much of that thing cost?
Those are expensive those laptops.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm doing all of it.
I'm doing it.
I'm doing it.
I'm doing it.
That's a lot nicer than mine.
I'm a lot less than I did.
Yeah, but I see.
I don't know whether we should get you one,
because you, everything you touch fries anyway.
That's a good point.
Like his brain.
Yeah.
You can give him a brand new one out of the box,
and buy you a six o'clock tonight.
You can't do that.
Oh, dude, the damn thing blew up.
How does your computer blow up?
How does that happen when you stuff it with firecrackers,
and then like the fuse?
It works like a charm every time.
That's what Harry said.
How's Mary and do anything?
Mary's coming back.
Come on, Mary.
And come on down to North Carolina.
See how Harry's doing.
The Supreme Court struck down a Texas ban on gay sex today.
Knowing that the law was an unconstitutional violation of
the Justice's vote at six to three,
and striking down the Texas Law saying
it violated due process guarantees.
The petitioners are in total respect for their private lives,
just as Anthony Kennedy wrote for the Court's majority,
the states cannot demean their existence
or control their destiny by making their private sexual
contact a crime.
Oh!
Gay rights advocates immediately hail to decision-making
by religious conservatives, of course,
bigoted assholes, right-wing,
Bible thumping, hate mongers, it's a condended.
It's an historic day for gay Americans
said Ruth Harlow of the Land Illegal Defense Education Fund
and Gay Rights Group representing the two Texas men.
I think Americans will be celebratory about this decision
or maybe celibate.
The ruling reverses an 86-high court ruling
up holding state anti-saturday laws.
Kennedy wrote that homosexuals have the full right
to engage in their conduct without intervention to government.
You go, boy.
The case stand, mom, we know about that.
Gay rights advocates argued the law, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
a very strong ruling that we all as individuals,
whether gay or straight had liberty to choose
who will love and how we'll do that
in the privacy of our own homes, Harlow said.
The Court is just catching up with American society,
which has already recognized gay peoples'
equal liberty, equal humanity,
and the Court issued a very powerful decision
that's self-organizing that humanity.
In addition to what she left out is that all Americans,
at least anybody with a brain, don't want the God-dem
government in their bedroom.
But the ruling immediately drew fire from a spokesman
for a religious conservative group, the National Clergy Council.
The Court has said today that morality matters
of right and wrong behavior.
Do not matter in the law.
Said the Reverend Rob Schneck, Shank,
one of the group's founders.
It's an undermining of our concept of justice in this country, said.
The Texas case already is entered the National Public
Obaid Steered by May Comments from Senator Rick Santura.
Remember these sentence Republican leadership?
Santura said if the justice is overturned the Texas law,
then you have the right to beg of me, you have the right to
plig of me, you have the right to incest, you have the right to
adultery, you have the right to anything in his case,
you even have the right to be an asshole.
Okay, here are the people who voted in favor of this decision.
Okay?
Striking down that Sodomy law.
Justice John Paul Stevens, David Souter,
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer, and of course, Kennedy.
Justice San Rodeo Conner agreed with the outcome of the case,
but not all of Kennedy's rationale.
And what did I just say to this last caller?
He said who do you think the three were who voted against it?
Chief Justice William Rincquist,
Justice's Anthony Nscalia and Clarence Thomas descended.
Scalia said the court is largely signed under the so-called homosexual agenda.
He also took the unusual step of reading his descent from the bench.
The court has taken sides in the culture war,
Scalia said, adding that he has nothing against homosexuals.
Oh, great!
Oh, my God, Anthony Nscalia.
Do you understand the stupeo keeps track of everyone?
Yeah, we understand.
Not see bastard.
Remember that scene in the exorcist?
Yes.
I'm sure you do.
Don't we all?
Don't we all remember?
Hans, wasn't that his name Hans?
C.
12 minutes passed known as 560 WQM.
So how do you like that?
This week all sorts of stuff is going on.
And the bushes in the right wing supporters like it in a little slap on the ass, aren't they?
Correct them!
Yeah, slapped around a little bit.
But good.
Spotted the three self-appointed Nazis that they got on.
Well, they didn't put them in, but they loved them.
In fact, well, no, they put him in.
Yeah.
They put him in there.
I was thinking about that yesterday about that day, that last day of the county.
Remember when they were counting the votes again after the Florida Supreme Court said,
uh, start the vote, count the vote.
And they said, stop the vote.
As soon as it started, that margins started to get really raised.
Or they cut it out, stop voting now.
The real winner might win.
And look what we got now.
Look what we got now.
They stored right there in broad daylight.
All those lunatics, let us in!
Let us in!
Right there in Dave County.
Okay, people ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
And happen right there as usual.
All the crap all the time.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
You got them, O.
That's South Florida.
Home of one embarrassing episode after the other.
12-13 at 5.
I can little worked out a little bit.
But thanks anyway, that caller for giving me the heads up on it,
because I was, uh, I was not watching CNN.
I tried to avoid it as much as possible.
By now you've been here at about Lamin and Saras.
I'm sure.
And about how Lamin and Wood flooring from Lamin and Saras is the easy, the intelligent,
the inexpensive, low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring.
Lamin and Saras is the best place to find Lamin and Wood flooring from all the top names in a binus.
Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Unifluor, and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another reason why you should call Lamin and Saras.
Their prices will absolutely floier.
Right now you can get their summer special.
For just $1995 bucks, that's correct.
Just $1995 for up to 380 square feet of beautiful Lamin and Wood flooring.
It is positively un-believeable.
Lamin and Saras will match any legitimate written offer too.
If you'd like a free in-home estimate, no obligation at all.
Call Lamin and Saras toll free at 1-877-777-3336.
What could be easier?
Free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving to 25-year warranty, and years and years of beautiful, easy care, Lamin and Wood flooring.
Call Lamin and Saras today and be sure and tell them that ancient crusty old adolescent Neal,
who did you call 1-877-777-3336.
We're sports radio fighters.
You a-a-a-a.
Fight little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Sundance up to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of baggots in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
The very best of baggots in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Just her feet.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen.
You choice of the Fags of America.
Okay, 208.
A big day for Fags all over America.
And of course here in Canada we've had big days for weeks now and beyond that.
And anyway, I just got your latest picture.
A very, very sad commentary on what's going on in that studio there.
It's scandalous.
Yeah.
Did you get the other story that I just passed you, Boeiner Boy?
The one to add about the Supreme Court's record on the Texas Sotamin Law.
And I said, be sure and add this on our Stone Art Beener.
Yes, you did.
Good.
Was he just making guttable sounds?
No, he's up and running around.
Up and running around.
Let's hear it.
Boeiner Boy is up and running around.
Okay, a lot of people out there in the audience were very concerned for him.
They thought maybe he was on a way out to an early demise.
Probably because George gave him some really tainted bed crap.
Which wasn't surprising.
Don't hang that on me.
I bet you could have.
You've been known to do this before, okay?
He was starting to get a little bit too big for his brishes.
Starting to like expand.
He was a risin'.
He was after your job.
And right off the bed he comes in this morning and you like slip my little something.
And I know that's what he was outside smoking.
You're not foolin' me.
Okay, yeah.
How many times did I ask you this morning?
Where is that man?
About third man.
And you were like, my meat, my boot, but about your monkey best friend.
I don't know about a beep, but a boot.
Said he's out there looking most, asked or something or cleaning his pee bag.
I don't know what you were talking about.
George tried that, look at like cab driver to go over to my house.
Right.
I set that cab to a Danny.
That's what it was.
That packy driver.
He was packin' it.
Well, that's good that the clearance came in and slipped his little Mickey while you were taking that mat.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Oh, he calls it.
Yeah.
He calls it Mickey.
Everybody's got a name for it.
Peter.
Willie.
12, 19, at 5, 60, WQM on a really bizarre Thursday.
Well, I'll tell you.
If we got any word from our programming...
No.
No?
No?
Well, when is this gonna happen already?
When are they gonna get off the pot and make a decision today is the 26th of June last time I checked.
A moment this day when his Supreme Court said, oh, guess what?
We can't ever extend to him picking in your bedroom.
Which is nice.
But on the other hand, we'd like to find out what's gonna happen to him.
In fact, it's after next week, right?
Right.
And now we start with that I do Tuesday and Thursday.
Although I'm thinking why not help bother doing that, you know?
Sure.
Forget Parallel on there from 8 to noon.
8 to 2.
8 to 2.
Here's a call from Halea.
It's probably a Boeiner Boys Parallel Officer.
Here, Halea.
Hello.
Halea.
Hola.
Not there.
Well, that's too bad.
You know, we diddled around for a long time.
You're gonna have to be patient.
What else are you gonna do for crying our lives besides bake?
There's nothing going on there.
God, talk about impatient.
The same old crap, man.
If you don't get to him like within two seconds, we can have time for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And you notice the response I had about people admitting about the food benches?
I had to one.
Right.
We were talking doughnuts.
That was it.
The piker.
These people got fat.
They went to bed one night looking like Karen Carpenter and woke up the next day looking like Dom Deloise.
It's amazing, you know?
It was like some kind of an active god that made in fact they heard me talking about fish food on here
and without even eating any of this and they ballooned up like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up their ass.
What is wrong with you people?
North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
I got to pick out for you.
Okay, good.
I know you don't like seafood, but I do.
I love it.
And specifically raw oysters.
Ah, good.
Okay, you're gonna like this.
I have a few friends that share my passion also.
Oh, yeah, they're great.
What we do is we go, we go about like once a week, once every other week and we have what we call oyster orgis.
Basically, we hit the, all the, we hit the, are you can eat raw bars?
And we just, we have a contest on how many oysters we can eat.
You know, we'll go to Enrico's.
They got pretty good oysters or shells.
Anyways, one night, I'm not sure about how many we put down between the three of us, but I know me, myself, I put down.
Are you ready?
Nine dozen raw oysters.
Oh, my God.
I was so sick at that.
That's 180 weight.
Yes, I did.
Nine dozen.
They're so good though.
So yeah, that's my pick up story.
Oh, well, I feel better now.
What do you think of that?
I think it's grotesque.
Okay, and then I think one is bad enough, but nine doesn't just make, although I guess after the first couple slide down, what difference does it make?
You did exactly.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
In closing, this is what we say when we're done.
When we're done eating the oysters.
Shut me, shut me, eat me raw.
Okay.
It isn't going to eat it raw.
5, 6, 7.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
Oh, 5, 60.
5, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
He's got a lot of homework to do for that dolphin season, doesn't he?
Got a lot of busy, busy work to take care of.
Plus he's going to get that bag refinished before the season starts.
I wonder what it smells like up in the dolphin booth.
I have to ask the mad dog next time.
You know, hello, he's pretty, he just gives me the hand signals, you know.
Probably just stick his hand to it like that is nostril.
I bet it smells like old spice, like old Jew.
397 votes on the poll, which of these moves by WQM do you like the most?
Neil goes back to 10 to 2.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, 162.
41% are ecstatic with 10 to 2 and so am I.
I'm going to be beside my side by each.
Pharrell gets the 8 to 10 slot.
96, that's for now.
Don't forget citylinkmagazine.com, read the big story this week about Scott Pharrell.
We've only had one guy calling and saying, heck, I was, you know, a lot of boring sight.
He was okay with a little low key.
Mo gets jump back an hour 81.
Hank loses an hour 27.
I think that's a little bit of a shot, isn't it?
Yeah.
Why do you revel in it?
Why do you revel?
Ernie Chancey, yesterday you were denying that you have a bug up your ass about Hank.
He's a good friend. I like Hank a lot.
I love him, I like him.
I never see him.
You're enjoying his memory.
I'm not.
He made a funny line.
Hank, no, I did not make a funny line.
It's sarcastic, of course, that's a thought.
I know that.
Now it's Vena Boyce here to go in there and slap you on the side of the head.
Come on, it's just real hard.
Three or four times, like with a close fist.
Hank loses an hour 27.
No more crow on Marlon broadcast 23.
And a mad dog boasts a 2 to 4, 8 out of 399 votes.
One to verge a 400, it's not even 1230 yet.
That's not too bad.
Consuming the fact that Vena Boyce been a sleep half of the show.
How I'm going to check the bedtime stories right now.
And I'm going to tell you, I'm going to my homepage.
I'm going to check the bedtime stories if the first one.
I don't expect all of them because there's like 18 now.
With the additional one I just sent, which that one should be first, of course.
So that Dennis can see it.
I heard Dennis from Kettle this morning, calm, oh, didn't mention my name.
Nice going, Dennis.
You asked, oh, first time I think I ever, the road to cover up is the road to ruin.
That's the same one we had yesterday, isn't it?
Absolutely correct.
That's the same story that's been festering that spot on our website for like 24 hours.
Absolutely correct.
It doesn't appear to be going anywhere.
Absolutely correct.
Over a place by some of those great new important stories that I fact you guys this morning.
Absolutely correct.
How do you like that?
Any time table when we're going to get the show on a road here, sweetheart?
The story's already changed.
It's just that I don't upload it after every story.
I make a big talk, upload what I have now is about you.
You said you sound so incoherent that there should be a log in this.
You said you you need what?
He's ill in case you hadn't noticed.
No kidding.
What you need to be in the hospital or something, you need to be like an asylum.
It's already was.
You need to be one of those places where Harry's hanging out with the saw.
Yeah.
With the nice police officers that help you.
Yeah, there you go.
Don't start cutting yet.
Just run it in the back to where you know it was instilled if you're a god in them.
A little bit.
No more excuses.
No more.
No more.
You know what you're becoming?
You're becoming a sad sack.
You know what that means?
I'm sure that expression is passé just like me.
But you're becoming a sad sack.
Nobody wants to be a sad sack.
Do they know?
Don't be a sad sack.
Okay, butch up a little bit.
Take your head up there.
Stick that stuff in the computer.
Okay.
Yes sir.
Why do you have to stop a couple of times and get with it.
Those pretend you're not here.
Yeah, that's right.
Instead of this moping around.
I'm open around.
I'm open around.
I honestly don't want to hear mopey dopey crap.
They want to hear somebody that's like a live and alert like me.
Like Scott.
That's what they want.
Check it out.
That's it.
And by the way, George is going to be doing all the fillings shows this week's summer
in Scott Forell's voice.
Bring it.
All right.
I'm telling you, he's great doing that voice.
The rest of the time, he blows, but man doing that voice.
In fact, what you're thinking about to think is Forell's filling in on that show.
But it's really going to be George doing Forell.
Oh, he'll probably have to bend down a lot.
There is quite a height difference between that pair.
Hurricane seasons here.
Before storm hits, you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home, of course.
But what about the roof of your house?
The Soma paint factory makes roof masticae roof coating that can help your hurricane proof your roof.
Soma's roof mastics save literally hundreds of roofs during hurricane and roof while unprotected roofs
who are peeding off and flying away all over the place.
Soma's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented.
Called the Soma paint factory at 305-63363333.
The Soma paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturing in the entire state.
Soma is going to save you a lot of money because they eliminate the middleman markup.
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd paint for the same national brands and retail stores.
So protect your home and property from softwoodish tough brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at unbeatable prices.
Called the Soma paint factory at 305-633333 or find them on the web at Soma.com.
SOMA way. So what is it? SOMA way.
Okay, isn't that right next to a mic miles away?
Soma.com you save money when you buy directly from these Soma paint factory because you're entitled to NEO TORTA TO CALL 305-6336333.
SOMA.com.
This is 20 or by 60.
You way yeah.
NEO GOD OUT.
WQKL.
WHERE THE FACKET IS.
That's the movie.
The Senate subcommittee on the investigations of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is now in session.
As always due to the majority by the Republican Party, I will share this session. I recognize the Democratic Senator from Florida.
It seems to me that the weapons of mass destruction in fact do not exist in Iraq and we're a false pre-temp for preemptive action as substantiated by the...
Time is up.
Chair calls the vote. All those who believe Saddam had weapons say aye.
Aye.
Opposed?
Aye.
I have a 3-2 moving on.
Well wait. Several US inspection teams and thousands of soldiers have been searching for 11 weeks they haven't found anything more than just...
All those believe they need more time to find the WMD.
Opposed?
Aye.
You aye.
Opposed?
Opposed?
Aye.
Opposed?
Aye.
Aye.
Opposed?
Opposed?
Aye.
Opposed?
Opposed?
Opposed?
All in favor of taping the Unpatriotic left-winger to his seat.
Aye.
Opposed?
Aye.
Opposed?
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Aye.
Opposed?
On the rise of the Wallace line.
Here is a lady in Delray Beach.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
How you doing? I'm great. How are you? Okay. I'm from Toronto. Really? How's it going?
It's going good. I'm driving back in two days. Are you in Toronto right now? I sure am. You are.
I'd love to take you out to the best DINSUM restaurant. Really? And I actually have someone I might like to fix you up with as well. No. I'm telling you. No. He's hot. No. No.
31 degrees right now. We got a heat wave yesterday. It was 95 yesterday. It's going to be like 92 or 3 today. But then for the next six, seven days after this, 75, 77 every day. It's going to be beautiful. You're coming back just in time. I know. It's hotter here.
No, hot and humid. Hot and humid. And I'm painting. And you're going to drive back up? I'm driving back on Saturday morning. I'll be home Sunday night. I'll see you customs.
That was a bad story. Coming over here. They almost didn't let me in. Really? Yeah. I thought I was moving in or something. Uh-huh. I thought you were bringing like a box of SARS. Probably. They didn't even ask me. And I had been at the hospital two days before.
Two things they don't like smuggling in cigars and SARS. Right. So are you interested? No. Not at all. Not in the least. Listen. Have a great trip. Have a safe trip. Where are you? Where are you in Toronto?
Somewhere between the lake and Mississauga. I've been listening to you for years and years. I love you. I love you. Take it. Give me a call, sweetheart. Call me when you get back. Right. Thanks. Uh-huh. Bye.
Oh, my don't these people understand it's a radio show. No. They don't get it. She sounded very nice. I'm glad she's listening. I hope she enjoys the show. I don't want to go to dim sum. Okay. I mean, I didn't to me. The only dim I know was in like clockwork orange.
Right. And George, I don't I don't do dim sum. I do a skim op. I mean, conduct bars. Now what is this that somebody older than a far out? Oh, we got an ad in new times. Yes. All right. We're actually publicizing for real, which is good. Scott.
What does that say here? Something. Oh, D camp not served here. That's cute. Scott for all sports radio five 60 8 to 10 a.m. week days in the July 2nd. New times. Obviously a trade out. But we'll take it. And so will he. Why isn't that people can't take no for an answer? I mean, see it puts me like in this squarry position. I'm not going to like. You follow what I'm saying? No. Yes, you do. No. So on your fault. I know you and that. You have an idea. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going
to go to the gym now. Like what we got in there, all your fault. You know what I mean? What did I say to you a couple weeks ago, Dr. Frankenstein. You invented a monster. Now it's out of control. And now you just struck your arms. Well, I don't I've done to do it. We want me to. Be them up a little bit. Or pick like a computer damn it. I'll do that. You're gonna want to give us. Not the problem. Okay. You've got a wonderful computer sitting there right there brand new out of the box which I spent. Zillion of my heart $1,000. We could have a good
piece of equipment. What's the problem with that?
Oh, but I had to reload a software and it's kind of a little bit different. So catching up. Yeah, you're catching up. All right. We've got balls
560 WQM. We're going to add the also in the new times. I bet there's a whole series of these come aren't there.
Are you fixing these to me or are they coming from someplace else in the building? Both.
Oh, but so it backs them to us also in the building. They've got stuff to the box. I passed them along. Oh, great. We've got balls. How do you like that? Donna Shalala. Oh, it doesn't say UM on there. What a pussy man. That was the one of the most embarrassing
episodes and there have been so many in our 10 year QAM. Donna Shalala gets a phone call or a letter or whatever. She should of course consider the source anyway,
but she gets a letter and right away. Oh, well, we don't want the U of M associated with that. That's disgusting. We demand that you take the UM logo off that billboard. We've got balls.
And of course, we all know that the U of M doesn't have any balls. So what's the big surprise? Okay. You know, at least she's consistent.
Married. Big bow. Amen. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Alcoville. Yes, sir. How you doing, babe? Pretty good. Nice to talk to you again. Spent a while.
Good show today. I got to say the website has been totally kicking butt. Oh, yeah.
Wait for me. Wait for me. Wait for me here about the new guy we're going to get to do the website. The guy that has his own computer.
I think for all it's cool. It seems like it's. It's breathed a little life into your building over there. A little life. It's like we were on life support before they brought this guy in. Okay.
We were like gasping for oxygen. They screwed up the line up. They moved me back to nine. We were dying
We were falling a hostile old man and now all of a sudden we got a life back
It's like being able to second chance and the thing about for real too, which is awesome is that you and Emma
Pretty much the hockey authorities and it's nice to have somebody out there who weighs in and
Actually knows what they're talking about for the you know for the few hockey fans that you have down here
And you do have a good point because even though guilty knows this stuff the fact is he's so intimidated by Moe
He's terrified even mentioned a word
I love the way I love the way you rip him and that's Moe's other clown is the
Shizziness I love it
I won't eat him. I can't money so that and I bet you he did too
Well, Neil nice to talk to you again, and when you leave, I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do
Okay, well go off for some dinsum. How do you like that?
Maybe I'll dip some as well. Okay. See you. Hey, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, can you play ice nerd for my son?
If you get a chance the whole thing
One of them is the good
Okay, you got him in thank you for a second. Say goodbye
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T everybody seems to be in a pretty good mood today
Aren't they except for being a boy who's out of sorts?
Now I asked your question before about how much it would cost to get him a nice new elective and you like but it'd be better
I said I want a number. I don't want I don't want pull crap. I just want a number
I'm pretty sure you how much I paid a grant for mine, but he might want one that's better
Oh
Oh, you're next okay, just get just any old computer with somebody else's money doing right?
That's right some bare bones laptop like I bought will do for him
Why don't you contact our friend there that has only a good stuff? Whatever that guy David was net his name?
Yeah, or don't we deal with him anymore?
I don't know if he can beat the deal that I got
Where did you get it? Best buy with the rebate. I told you about it and
Best buy you want a computer and I just buy did some price searching for about a week now
I'm assuming this isn't one that they had to get up on the ladder and get because you'd still be there waiting
Well, it was behind a cage, but I called ahead. Oh, I made relations. He made reservations. I really did
Most people make reservations at restaurants, but when you shop at best buy for a computer
I have to make reservations like a month in advance to make sure you get your online for that big ladder
They got got the guy's name had a meet me great
Well, so let's get one. I'll take care of it. How do we do that?
I'll get it you right me check
You got the cash I got a card
No problem. I'll even mail it from here. How do you like that? I either worry what but tears?
What I'm gonna get you a new lab real good one now
Let me just tell you I want the audience to hear this. Okay. If this blows up if it gets stolen if it gets lost if it gets
Confiscated by the highlight please at that point. I'm gonna say
If it should hang itself five words five words I'm gonna have for being a boy at that point. It's been nice knowing you
Although that would be a lie at that point if that happened you got it
Got it. I don't want to play butch boss
But you do a great job on a website
But your life seems to be coming unraveled and I think we need to draw the line in the sand today
Get you a fresh dark get you a nice new laptop a real real good one
The audience deserves it. They love the bedtime stories. Those are not a few larger than their penis or clitoris or whatever
I'm I'm still I don't know. I mean she was a very nice lady and she's listening for a long time
But why do people do that to me? I'm not gonna like tell her where I am or give her my address or go to a dinner with strangers or
disseminate her huh? What oh
Jesus
I
Think the audience is very confident about that last part and so am I. Well, you have a turkey based or don't you know?
Yes, I sure do
It's got its own thermometer to
It's real hot it pops right up. Yeah
1242 at 560 WQN. Hey, it's a neo-roger's fourth of July blowout sale from our good close personal buddies
Tom Linden and Joe Prieta and Halle at Pony XMC
I never realized until last night when I got a fax from Bob Eisenberg just how much I knew they loved me
But poor they love me like even more than that lady at Halle at Pony you have no idea
They're obsessed here's neo-deal number one for it. How it right now gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 Pony Accord GMC in stock
neo-deal number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every two thousand three GMC and Pony Act in stock
current and former military personnel listen closely get yourself an additional
$750 rebate from your friends at hell it right now neo-deal number three at least the new two thousand four grand pre
What is it the Pony Act grand pre GT one like I said first?
289 bucks a month. It's a 36-month lease the folks at hell it will give you all the details and neo-deal number four now
Get an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models including the on-whoa the Yukon and Denali right now through the fourth of July weekend
Plus a GMC toolkit is yours while the supplies last now at Halle test drive a vehicle for 24 hours take it home take it to work
Pick up the Napoleon at that. That's not a bad idea
Howlett-Pony Act GMC the same great location they've been doing people great deals for 35 plus years
It's 134.01 South Dixie highway that's us run right across the street from the falls open every day seven days a week
For more info on any of these deals called the neo-deal hotline tool free one trivel eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one trivel eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all neo-deals
Subdicted credit approval see our friends at hell afford details you'll agree with me make no mistake about it
Hella potty act GMC is professional grade
My line and local
Here sports radio five sixty-seeing
Nice my son mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn
Well sir, we're just scouting locations
Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street and on
Raymond
Quintet
Get that blue bird on here
Eisner but sir look what we don't admit down man had forty second street is incredible
Publicly I supported that but you took all the point away you're killing me. I'm going through garrison like pets
We're just scouting areas calm down. Let me butt month. Don't tell me to calm down
We got lucky with Lee Lowen stitch 128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin the whole network
We're kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
Remots
Bluebird crap all over your showler
Wayne itself up for heaven sake
And head off the module
God sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol good god you're still running James Bob movie
There's sixty years old why don't you just put steamboat willy on and be done with it
Please don't make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine
You mentioned we were in stitch and now we have the new em night shumma on movie coming out later this summer
Signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign you got a sex wing and some of these titles cast me
please
Raymond
I know you can't hear me
Remus
Yeah, sir, I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you?
What do you mean?
I'm not done with you. What?
I'm in your job, but sir you're terrible. I'm sorry. Maybe I put remiss in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus
What a wonderful day
Get out of here. You're not back
149 11 to one at five sixty W KM we got our big one to two hour coming and we got the mad dog
In the studio Jim Mandage 2 to 4 hankers doing a show at these seminal Indian gaming in Hollywood 4 to 6 15. Let's hear that
Veal
Oh my god
Well, I'm not gonna see too much because there's spending money on the station again
So I don't want to get hank into up. You know a bucket of crap. All you probably would
But uh, not necessarily that day that was a day to remember remember that movie and a fair to remember
This was a day to remember it'll go down in the emails of broadcast experience
Our appearance at the seminal Indian Hollywood casino in a beautiful Hollywood
Scelling road and uh, whatever 441 and it wouldn't have been the same without electric wheelchair man
knocking the chairs over trying to get to see you. Oh, yeah
Let me spin the wheel one more time. Here we go
Oh my god the the oldest person there the youngest person there was like 98
Get not counting us. I was gonna say the oldest was death plus 10
Here's for a water deal. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Got a question for you and did some country. Okay. They got the best health care up there
How come 40 people died or 30 days from SARS?
What the hell does that mean?
How come people how come people die from pneumonia?
Oh, and that's what I was just saying and you're asking nobody's died that's what I'm saying we're so close. I mean
I thought the health care so
Good there or whatever think we you know what it is. It's like saying how come people died in in Taiwan from it
It was just the luck of the draw. That's all somebody got it over there and came here and brought it here
And by the time they were trying to get a cap on it. It was already spread to four hospitals. That's why
In addition to which do you really believe that nobody in the West has died from SARS? Do you believe that?
Yeah, I don't
You think people have I want you to look up something on the internet. Okay. Go do a Google search of
pneumonia three. Okay, and the fourth definition of it is SARS severe acquired a respiratory whatever it stands for look at up pneumonia three
By the way, the health care up there is both the
great and
I know I wouldn't say the health care is great in fact
And in Toronto that's one of the
Offshoots of the way they handled the whole sourcing they're forming at them out about it. They didn't handle it right
I never told you the health care here was great. I mean they have socialized to medicine
They got health care for the public which is more than I can say about the state
But to say that it's great. I never would say to that
Just
There's one vacation and just a lot of Chinese people of info you know came into that area
Yeah, I guess I have a lot of people going back and forth maybe
Sure, there was one person who came here from China that had SARS
Went into the hospital with it and that's where it came from it wasn't in the chair. Oh, I don't I don't I can't handle it
I can't handle it. I can't take it just like Mike Myers said it just it's first reading
I mean, what's the point? I mean we make up the death rate in any other category you name it
In addition to which the thing that's the big topic here right now is the guns the enormous number of guns that are being imported from the good
Old USA and resulting in a number of increased number of murder and violent crimes being committed with guns that are being imported across the border
You know again, I'm not I'm not here for the Canadian chamber of commerce the Toronto or Ontario chamber of commerce
You live where you like it and I live most of the time where I like it which is not in South Florida
Forget about it
Here's like I'm making some kind of a pitch for the chamber here or like a SARS relief pitch
I'm not doing that stay where you are stay where the hell you are
5670560 although I will say you know I had that thing here remember when I had to get my
prescription
Yes, and I went to a free clinic while I wasn't free was like oh, it's free for Canadians. I'm not a Canadian citizen
And I got the I went to see the doctor. I told him about the situation because they won't take American prescriptions
And he wrote me to prescript he said to me how many do you want I told him I've been taken it for a long time. I brought him the empty bottle
How many do you want?
right
I've heard of an American doctor saying how many do you want because the American doctors want to have you keep coming back and back and back and back just to write you the prescription so many of them
And I told him what I wanted he writes me the prescription. I go out and I said how much do you
35 bucks Canadian which at the time was like a 21 bucks
21 bucks
That's incredible. It is incredible and of course keep in mind the Canadian people were in there
They were paying nothing because they had their health card
But God forbid we should do that God forbid everybody in America should have health care
God forbid that the drug company should stop being able to rape the goddamn public now
We don't want to stop that because that's all commerce man
Commerce
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
It Canada sure his health is not perfect make no mistake about that
They got a real inferiority complex. I've heard of that even before I came here. It's sad
And they shouldn't have one because they're light years ahead of the US in terms of their their social attitudes in terms of a whole
bunch of different things
In terms of the way they treat each other in terms of the way they view each other
But
It's the American way baby. We're the best. We're the biggest and the best and if you don't believe us
Blow your brains out just to prove it to you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
198 people are most excited about a school back to tend to too. Oh, let's hear it
You know what I should might as well do while I got that thing there
Might as well click over here. I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you now that we're getting you that brand new computer
He'll be I will say this if we ever see you sleeping again
Everybody go to neo-riders.com and take a look at Beena Boy. Yeah, really hard at work
They really want to take that picture down
No, that's that's one of those that's permanent just like the uh
Let's see here's the first bedtime story the road to cover up is the road to ruin
Now I can be wrong George because I am getting old and feeble, but isn't that the same one that we uh, yeah
Absolutely
I can't read the daytime now. I went to night school. I can
Now at what point since it is like one o'clock now at what point can we expect some new ones to start popping up
Our very famous and they much demand website
60 seconds and even though it is only Thursday
I don't want to start anticipating for the weekend again, but this Saturday and Sunday are we gonna have like
Unless you get arrested again? Are we gonna have like new bedtime stories on there for the audience this weekend
So so that if we're not they don't have to waste their time looking. Yes. We're gonna have new new stories and new new toys
Absolutely new toys for them to play with okay great
In fact, maybe that that banana shaped dildo that for all was talking about maybe we can stick one of those on there
George want to borrow a little boy years
I'm using it
12.56 and
60 WQAM I guess double be needing that huh
I guess they sure open him up yesterday, huh?
But good he said they had a team of proctologists like scoping around in there spitting looking
I'm not talking about looking. I'm talking about like traveling around you know like in that
What was the movie when they like went into the uh journey to the center of the earth?
Was that the one with uh pat boon where they were like inside the human body?
Oh that one that was the fantastic voyage
Right fantastic voyage where they were like going through the capillaries and through the old
Wow
Man oh man of shavards and the scat pullaries and the ducted say still got one in there
257 at five 60. I'll tell you what you ought to have in your mouth right now and that's oleo made
It's good for you
I pop it in my pussy every day for my blood pressure and they've got products for all kinds of different things
Oleo made soft feels contained the finest olive oil on this globe
Not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated loaded with all kinds of good stuff for you
Oleo made every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
There are 14 different oleo made formulas you can choose from each one combining the best olive oil with vitamins
Minerals urinals to support different parts of your health from your bones
There's one for your blood pressure that I'm taking and one for your immune system and lots more
Just choose the formulas is the right for you and what you need
Now there are three new oleo made formulas one to help your sleep one to help you control that
Disgusting weight and cell Q10 for your heart
7 count them 7 clandike score bars and each one was delicious pick up oleo made at public's
Echor's Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarro's and Sedanos are ordered online at oleo made a
Merca.com for more information column tool three and one 866 oleo made that's one 866
65 360 633 pops some oleo made in your push today
It's dirt feeling better right away
My life and look all this is 4205 60
Way and way
I
Oh my favorite Republican this is Matt Drudge and it's time for the
Excuse me uploading
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two power
Hey, dude are you smelling if I'm smelling there's no telling Ellen there ain't no smelling where my feet are dwelling
That's because these hip cocaxions are wearing doctors smalls other eaters
Yo, are you smelling if I'm smelling lock me up like a felon my feet used to be smelling like rotten melons
If you took a whiff your eyes would start well and people worry bellied until I stop smelling Dr
Smolls odor inner insoles are the best way to stop foot odor and the best way to rip off our gelin ads
Yo, Kellen are you smelling?
Uh, uh, no, I'm not smelling
Man you are so smelling when it comes to smelling your ex-cellent the reasons for you to stop smelling are
Compellent Dr. Smolls odor eatery insoles available at your local drugstore. That's where they're selling
You'll never believe what I just found out. I give up the road to cover up is the road to ruin
Yeah, did you did you know that I did know that well
For anybody who didn't know that that's our first bedtime story on theoranges.com on our website right now
Didn't he say it was gonna be like 60 seconds not that I'm trying to be push you but it is like after one o'clock
Is he asleep again?
Oh my god, this is so perfect. You know, it's so typical what goes on a QAM everything you tried
And we did the pool yesterday the majority of the audience likes this stuff
I gotta say a whole bunch of crap early this morning about eight
30 man about eight thirty
And here it is one o'clock and it better be better
But I'm up and he's pushing buttons and shoveling it and sticking it and I do have a couple of bedtime stories that are important enough for me to read
Yeah, I don't get that I think you're pardoned so don't we press we get a chance to see if it'll work now. Oh you sound so
Morbid so depressed
I'm gonna jump off the balcony though just because
Thank you the check
Kidding
Uh look at that there it is
All right, I knew we could do it
I know our little genius in uh in resident to whatever the hell I call that what they call it
Not job, Chucky record industry is to sue uh
Song what does that say song downloader that's bizarre headline but anyway there it is
And we're just don't say we didn't warn you okay all you people that are sharing files there
You better like do something okay didn't they tell us it was nice to share
Yeah, well everything but that
You can share but not stuff that belongs to somebody else embedded reporters rule in army units uh
And actions question but okay excellent very good. Beena boy. He's got he's got it. Oh
apologize for being very slow
But I'm gonna send him a check for like about 20 grand and we're buying a computer remember the old the first computers that you know back
No, you wouldn't I saw those movies. Oh my god. Those things were like the the size they had have a whole room
Yeah, they had dwarves like it like TV sets you still have those big tubes like like our transmit is got final tubes
Those big clunky old things they had gigantic tubes in them like bohas tubes
We're not not that big oh
And they don't smell that bad
Are you picking on mo again all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
I can't wait for the announcement to be made official hurrah six to ten a.m
Moe Howard on the uh
Well, here's to be doing the dolphin games and the updates
Yes
He's gonna drive down from bokeh every morning to do the sports updates
And the beast will have a stopwatch just to make sure they don't go too long
You're over mo
Experts said to tell legislators
He was pressed to distort some evidence of very disturbing story
A top state department expert on chemical and biological weapons total congressional committees and a closed or hearing last week
that he had been pressed to tailor his analysis on Iraq and other matters to
conform with the Bush administration's views several congressional officials
said yesterday. The House described what they said was a dramatic moment at a
House Intelligence Committee hearing last week when the weapons expert came
forward to tell Congress he had felt such pressure by speaking out they said the
senior intelligence expert identified by several officials as Christian
Westerman became the first member of the Intelligence Committee on active service
to make this sort of a mission the members of Congress. How do you like that?
He told lawmakers last week with that while he felt pressure he never
actually changed the wording of it is intelligence reports he didn't
immediately provide lawmakers with details about his complaints it remains
uncertainty degree to which is concerned related to Iraq or other regional
issues. How do you like that apples huh? So there you go the whole story is on our
website on a very fancy fancy website neo-roger.com. Hey by the way don't
forget about our fourth and final hot couples contest have we picked the
dates for this yet you got the calendar there right right look at July the
second Monday in July is what? Third fourth the fifth six and fourteenth okay so
July 14th will be the date that will have the pictures up on our website and
then July 21st will be the day we give away the prizes okay same prizes before
the trips to the Bahamas and Jamaica to heedness from two or three in Jamaica
and the third prize dinner for two at the pizza lot so we already have what we
have two now we have a pair yes I can't answer I can't answer
to go to sleep yeah wait let me ask you this how what if I do that okay and just
on to me what if I just sit here like you know and not often it's here it's
very comfortably I got this nice expensive chair that I bought you place that
gold green relic that Bob Vermouth wheeled in here you got fall asleep will paint
your toenail you're right you know that's first day that I did a show from here yeah
what about it the big green chair that they shoved in hard yeah they got the
like the line and I was sitting on my nuts for four hours I thought when I got
up I thought I was gonna like die I thought I was it I mean everybody likes
crush nuts under Sunday but crush nuts on the chair is not a good idea it was
bad love eating nuts yeah eat this well actually not this but it's got the same
four letters piece eat that yeah this just rearrange the letters you'll
finger it out like Moe you'll finger it out okay first one right Moe
absolutely July for we got a couple entries already they hot couples and they
can start sending them into Neil Rogers dot com okay contest at Neil Rogers dot
com contest at New York as a matter of fact I bet you're going to that fancy
website are we ready is it ready to do something I probably not will receive
those pictures probably not oh but but anyway still still June it's still June
because I know if you click on it like I'm doing right now it's just nothing and
those people that like to use that address as for any other purpose they get
blocked I got three words for okay forget about it they get blocked and
ignored and does so right we don't do emails if we did emails on a show we'd
have thousands of them every day most of our crap anyway and then and you know
there might be some good ones but we just we don't have the time or the desire
or the inclination to weed through right thousands and thousands of emails and
a bunch of baby Schmidt so that we can find a couple of good you know some we
might be interested in like padding for gold at the beach exactly here's
plantation hello for all six to ten when soon when soon no more no that
guys adamant man he will not take no no he will not take mo for an answer no
mo just relax pali these things will happen okay just like it said that the
city times article city link whatever the thing is Schmittie link that that
was pretty blatant you know it's like it's like he's coming right out in
campaigning for six to ten and you know it's gonna happen just a matter of
time and the meantime Moe was there like pertaining to being denial what does he
gonna do that yeah you're right you're right although he had any balls he would
just say yeah I know you want my job you want to come in here give my job you
missed a hot shot but now I'm gonna you know by my out I got a contract that I'm
gonna continue showing up and if you push too hard I'll get you a contract
it says whichever version for all believe someone could easily envision a
scenario in which his show swallows two more hours and I'm sure he swallowed plenty
of interesting things in his life but it says in which his show swallows two more
hours if you're Q.A.M. how do you hold back up a motor so
terrorists and then think about the met tonight at the gay stadium in the
booze cruise how do you not take you back on a guy who's turned out to be an
excellent setup man for station Haas neo-roger's I don't remember that I guess
that all time is kicked out I remember being on bananas yeah well I was little
Joe Maria what was being a boy that's the engine 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
AT&T in Verizon wireless line I guess it's just because it's the you know it's
the dead days of the summertime that's a good excuse isn't it why everything is
slowed down to a crawl now sure here's a call from Miramar hello Miramar
going once hello yes sir hello speak to me yeah yeah I got a couple of comments
for a minute go right ahead you know you know that's what was it that the foul character
who that's that foul that's fair oh yeah yeah well he's gonna take your place or take
my place now yeah yeah huh if he does that you know what I'll never listen again
I listen to you all the time the first time I ever called you yeah I'm never gonna
listen to the station again okay this guy's obnoxious yeah he is and he's looking for my job
I guess yeah heard him say this morning he's been like triple my ratings and he's
gonna triple my salary he's looking to move right on in here yeah I heard that yeah this guy
is you know your poison man real trouble yeah real trouble okay yeah I'll be over the
couple hours to help you clean out the bag for minutes after one at 560 QAM
my life and love this is for 205 60
yeah
yeah
yeah
right wing Nazi Republican mother
years
yes
sanctimonious ponies who we turn in their own mother
that's stupid
I'll bet you're gonna save that when it comes in your bag if they take your board that
train right wing Nazi Republican mother
yeah
adjusting enough just have right feeling the airways with hatred the radio was
permeated with the likes of dr. Laura bill andry and Michael Reagan they call the clear
channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear the right wing Nazi Republican mother
years
there are right wing Nazi Republican mother
years
for all the table talking it is to wouldn't get any
done
that are not into whatever they are told to believe and worship Georgia's their king
right wing Nazi Republican mother
years
will the denlic rats who crept their pants like a child that is scary moving
at very much color who should go home and shut up because he don't have the clueless doing
the democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run
and you can call it and done if they run jolly their mind
right wing Nazi Republican mother
f**kers
there are right wing Nazi Republican mother f**kers
who get indicative it isn't them it's getting a juicy humler
just remember what i said when it comes in your back as they make you board that train
right wing Nazi Republican mother f**kers
there are right wing Nazi Republican mother f**kers
for all the tables talking it is to put it in the
great day for the Irish and the Jews and the gauvin and the Indians and everybody else too
here's a nice facts or real butsuck and facts thank you giri
it says i listen to every day at work i'm one of your faithful listeners have been listening
you for years but have never called or written i think you're great you're right giri
simply put you are the voice of reason right again i'm trying to get a couple of pictures
on your website without success are you having trouble with that too uh i guess he's talking
about the hot couple contest in the meantime if he's really impatient yes he can email them to me
george at mealrodgers.com that's Jorge of course that's j-o-r-g-e by the way for you anglos
out there you crackers for hey at the mealrodgers.com it's Irish it says i also like when you talk
movies i haven't seen recommend for do me i'll try to about make time to look at it look at it giri
take a look at this when things slow down is a question for your pool what chic flick do you guys hate
most do you like that question for a pull what chic flick uh okay for like a middle of the week
pull when we can't think of anything better sure that's a good pull for you when you're filling in
absolutely right after when you get that last half hour after for all these the last segment 10
minutes yeah that's right 10 to 2 10 to 2 until two that's the george red riggas show
rest of the time it's gonna be Scott you want everybody's job check it out
see i don't know how he doesn't it hurts it really it hurts me it just tears my throat out
speak out of that i'm thinking oh let's see it's just thanks for all you offer to your audience
you're an entertaining guy you've got to write attitude yes i do giri people shouldn't take things
to god damn seriously keep up the good work keep the bedtime stories coming thanks for all you do do do
someday i'd like to know the reason is why you can't play the kind of Lisa a bit well it's because
they told us they said if you play it bye bye and so we said okay we won't play it's a long story
much of right wing assholes now what was i just saying oh yeah because i'm thinking after eating those
seven clundike score bars yesterday or huh yes i'm thinking maybe i'll go back since especially
in Toronto you can get Cuban cigars you can get any kind from anywhere in the world it's not one of
those things where you can't go out and buy whatever the hell you want because the government is trying
to like you know uh influence what kinds of cigars you smoke with air foreign policy which is a bunch
of schmit but i gave up cigars quite a while ago i shouldn't say that because then Ken helper won't
give me anymore you don't can't help her my buddy from nationwide to the limousines uh you've spoken
of her or it's not called what's it called national limous national limotech sorry you know the one
that i gave that real quick nice plug to a couple weeks ago when he brought me back and then i said
anyway he gave me a couple of real nice big fat ones yeah did you hit him
seriously he did give me a couple of big fat ones but i didn't smoke him and i don't want him
to feel bad but i just gave up smoking cigars i could bring him to you okay but then i'm thinking
maybe going out and getting a whole bunch of denim and lights oh yeah that'll get you going
that'll give me going to get like a big giant thing they're growing on my tongue that'll
want it a big big giant thing yeah so you know that's that's the question you want to die
first from lung cancer which is a horrible way to go we just want to die from fat which at least
is delicious five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 teen Verizon wireless line
you and i talked about this before the show yesterday and i didn't have a chance because we
were so damn busy anybody believe them no just forgot man left lodged in windshield of car likely
alive two hours medical examiner says let me turn on the court tv now is you think that
trial is on oh here you go there's a lot of speculation but we don't know one way or the other
i can give you a little bit of humanizing of this defendant what i understand about her background
is that you know something you you're never going to believe this if you live to be five thousand
how often have i turned on court tv since i've been here in the let's two years now i don't know twice
think financial verdict just came in and she's guilty of murder
it's on her house actually really the job right for long time she finally thought she was
gonna have to get renters in and you know the best part of it is i had this story down a little
further in my pile you know i got my piles over here yeah and i just i just leave through and i
thought well i forgot to talk about this yesterday i better mention it now because we hate that
bitch like crazy we hate her shanti mallard what kind of a name is that chante what whatever name is
bitch yeah by any other name she's still a bitch for about two hours Gregory bigslay bleeding but
alive in the broken windshield of a car that he probably would have survived if the driver had
called for a hell of a medical parameter test five yesterday at the trial he was obviously in
severe excruciating all there is that bitch that damn blonde bitch that's a grace oh
hey her too in fact sticker is here with that other bitch was shanti not only not only
the bigs his son but i would also bring on the she's a schwarza yet again possibly the emergency room
doctor what was irrelevant at guilt innocence phase was a degree of pain this man suffered he was
begging for his life as to the life of time and she went inside and had sex with her boyfriend while
he was out there pleading on the stuck on a windshield while he was dying on her windshield
is the time for this jury to learn as gruesome as it may be how painful this was you can only
imagine having your leg amputated in a garage you know a public highway and then hanging there for
a period of time only to be wrapped in a blanket and thrown onto a public park this is the time for
the jury to learn that and as to jenka saw us uh and this being a daddy's mommy's girl trying to
place her parents i couldn't just agree more why else was she be out drinking using ecstasy and
maro why she or a good girl i dare say i dare say that would not please mom and dad all right there
you go the vertvism shanti is guilty of murder and she faces life in prison how do you like that
which is stupid for that bitch wow the impact broke big stybon shin bone into tybon connected to the
shin bone the shin bone connected to the and arm on his right side nearly amputated is left like
and gouged this torso his injuries were aggravated as she continued to drive but big still could have
been saved with quick medical treatment instead big spread to that over about two hours
oh every time i read this story it makes me wonder what kind of people are we talking about
what kind of scumbag wow wow wow wow wow cleat jackson who would this cousin Herbert tyrone
cleatland pleaded guilty of tampering with evidence in the case testified to did at moward had
barred another car picked him up about six hours after she struck bigs she took him to the garage
showed him the car with big still in the windshield jackson said i said we ain't got to burn nobody
we're gonna put him somewhere so his family can find him so they can bury him because it was an
accident jackson testified his voice quivering that night jackson said he and cleatland went into
the garage apologized to the lifeless bigs and extracted the body bigs body was found on cob park
october 27 2001 jackson was sentenced to ten years for his involvement cleatland was sentenced to
nine years and this bitch this mallard bitch she's gonna get probably life oh here's the lecy
Peterson murder case i can still deny that uh give me off a court tv okay you're right because you
see your wife watches all the time all the time it's like an addiction once you start you can't
freaking stop so so just some great news today we get these some pre-baked court we're gonna US
at least up to the uh what the 18th century 17 mm-hmm somewhere like that striking down the
Texas sawdemy law and now this bitch is everything back to Texas again see all the repressive right
wing crap and the difference in our president comes from the
minor local this is five cities the radius of your time you and
in shames just the way i like them
damn i'm one much better pants would my career with a life
stop get out one more do not get away in here hey you want something to eat what do you got
nothing but i can pull something out of my ass damn oh i got it going i'm starting a new
business hey no kid yeah i'm gonna be a hooker i'm proud of my momela hey oh yeah you sure you
don't want something to eat huh oh i can tell you hey what are you drug addicts up
oh no no i don't know what you're talking about you just took a pistol of white bulls
never description you're more on i got him from my deducted what that that that that
wasn't through yet don't look my hair is moving as fuel my god this place is a mess and my
underwear smells like hot balori now get out of here my favorite show is on
uh
we gotta lose it
move doing in this from prestigious broken my toes
i don't mean public i just like to see that's a lot of addressing out on here your home oh
thank you
what's your dream on i'm i feel like running down the street
hey kid look look i'm a naked man you want to make me pow hash no am i
oh look you want to make me telly hey come here i'm breaking my highly desirable ass
hey you baby you baby you baby naked man
hey you been making me and can't i have any rights me all this
hey you baby i'm a naked man take a look at this here
oh my god
oh my god
hang on your hair drop me oh i was already all you know i was on the radio
just suck on the tool that you won't feel that thing
i was on the radio
oh hello
thuck and i decided to stop by and see how you were doing
that's a guy guy
oh this is terrible
it's 133 how come i don't play that the no mo
i don't know i love that that's one of my all-time favorite
i better mark that with an asterisk you know i'm
yeah on this disc on this great extra disc that voka brine made special for me
thanks aboka you're the best and the stuff this week was uh beyond description was so good
okay we're changing the pool
okay writing and huh while we're adding another pool you want to know why
okay sure because we have this very dramatic time at wqa i'm going to decision
to be made like coming up very soon i can just amount of a days
when we start that summer schedule a lot of meetings going on a lot of uh
arm pulling leg pulling pud pulling right right here's the result of the first pool from today
which of these moves by wqm did you like the most we had uh 576 votes
not a spectacular totally they're kind of like tealed off once a peanut butter fell asleep
deal goes back to ten to two two hundred and forty nine
forty three point two percent are most ecstatic about ten to two but not nearly as much as we are
for i'll get c8 to ten slot one twenty nine we'll get him in a moment we got more
for else stuff coming mo get shoved back at our hundred eleven our most happy about that
Hank loses the hour forty one i still think that's a shot no more crore the more crore marlin
broadcast thirty five and mad dog moved to two to four eleven so that's the uh that's it
Schmidt can't at pull we're coming up with a new one now we already did this after like uh this is
a few weeks ago we did this right right but how do you know we haven't told you what the poor
is that what you're going oh what's your take on scythe for real which i don't think that's exactly
what we did anyway right something like that something like that well i mean now they've had
enough time to warm up to him or learn to hate him like poison that was really not fair to do
that soon but it killed a good day what's your take on scythe for real let's spell it right
this time by the way if we are our al l two ours two else got it we got somebody writing this down
you think Eric is writing it down we're writing it door oh here's six choices for you i love him
he's a hoot he's okay better than mo absolutely can't take that voice one him on six to ten
they am now he starts bring back mo at six and who's got for real once again covering all the
bases all the way around the home plate again right ready to get what's oh that's right you're
writing it down what's your take on scot for real you know even just to say his name like that
hurts my throat my throat oh god i love him he's a hoot got that one got it he's okay better than mo
oh absolutely can't take that voice ready got it one him on six to ten a m now for that kind of
plantation anybody else who wants to vote for that but i'm sure i know what he's voting for he wants
him on six ten a m now as in tomorrow a m he sucks bring back mo at six absolutely all the crap
you can unwrap all the slime all the time and who's got for real those are our six magnificent
choices a bonus poll today a qa on the world famous Neil Rogers show look at the final totals
on that the peaches totals damn near 43% are just ecstatic about us going back to ten to two nice
move see see there's some people in the building want to take credit for that but they also don't
want to take the blame for taking all those months off of our lives that kind of he opens it out
no it does not oh not at all no because they can't give us our life back see what i'm saying
the time those that year that would be like running somebody over with your car like that bitch in
Texas and unlike inviting them to dinner it just doesn't quite compensate here's a call from my
family hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing Scott i want to vote for for all okay got one of those
voices you just can't live without you're right for a lot of time for for all
the guy actually has a point and i can't think of anybody else i've ever known in this
business who you start you know you hear his i'm not talking about imitating what he does on the
air but just the voice right you do it i do it i haven't heard beater boy do it yet i don't
heard the strength of voice now you're now you're like a real pussy you can bro barely even speak
it i have a like a thin voice especially today everybody's doing even more does it at the
end of the show Scott for hours coming up next year you're hurting do that absolutely but
that's right you have it the George cuz you don't listen to him or come on where he needs your help
i'm gonna start listening no you're not economy down bushes re-election support wow
this is from the brit guardian unlimited president bush bask in high approval ratings but when
potential voters are pressed about giving him a second term the numbers drop a reflection of
worries about the struggling economy in a general wait and see attitude so far ahead of the election
bushes overall approval ratings have remained at 60% or higher in most polls since 9-11
but now that the electorate is turning the thinking about bushes handling of the economy
and wondering who the democrats will nominate the presents re-election numbers are at 50% or
lower in several polls in a recent CNN USA today gala pool 50% said they would vote for bush
38% back the unarmed democratic candidate with the rest undecided those numbers aren't very
different from those garnered by bushes father in June of 91 when the commander in chief was
praised for the west of session the Persian Gulf War and the democrats were scrambling for a candidate
and of course as most of us will recall Bill Clinton defeated lambasted George Herbert Walker
bush in 92 election with job approval you're asking how they feel right now said frank newport
editor-in chief of the gala pool bushes job approval ratings will naturally reflect his potential
to march re-eval next year he said the current poll also found that 37% democrats
approve a bush's job performance but only a third of those democrats who approve would vote
to re-elect them among independence the re-elect numbers weren't as high as the approval ratings
what this means is that democrats and independence who lean democratic still want to consider
other choices said Andrew Kahoot he's in Kahoot's with him directly pure search center for the
people in the press bush will still have to convince swing voters that he's the right person for
the job once the democratic candidate emerges i think one thing that the president probably ought to
don't be snorting again okay everybody heard that that was George yeah George is snorted
i was my impersonation of l president type you're lucky that uh Rick Riley and here
every time somebody would snort on here he'll especially if he did it like it was like a major
like a major world development just happened well cheese and he'll do here you just snorted
of course he never told us uh just he had a lot in common with the president never told
us what he was snorting
hey don't pick on Rick Riley now okay you see you're a bitter man
what are you talking about bitter you hate Rick Riley i don't you do i don't say on the
year what you see off the earth sit now repeat after no hate Rick Riley i'd problem like Eisner
hi there and my sentence there in your history hate Rick Riley like the poison you wish you would
die you think he's a real redneck wish he was on and raised you somewhere like on our in our
station anywhere then i could listen to them Rick and said like when what time would they be on i don't
know afternoon sometime like maybe driving home like on winds maybe you are i'm telling you the
hopper's gonna come he's gonna sit on you hey he's gonna come in today he's gonna sit on your ass
Carlos is getting love facts since we put that picture up on your site you see oh my god thanks
for the pick of beener boy he's as cute as he sounds does he get a voice i'll fax my address
haha what guys that from i don't know one of our uh people fags yeah i go both ways i'll put it
on the other thing you got your head down on the table and i want pictures so they can't you see
your ugly post okay head down he's got some head down 142 at 560 wqm if you're in a dead end
job speaking of boner boy maybe colleges to expensive and takes too long maybe you're like
really in desperate straits if you can afford ten bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights
a week for four months fast train can help you achieve that new high paying career that you've
been driven above that's right just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four
months for individuals who qualify so call our good piezons our close personal buddies at fast
train at one eight six six fast train and they'll sprained you how to get out of your rough with
four locations in town this bout to be a fast train near you so calm today one eight six six fast
train to be talking with the train career counselor be sure not to mention Todd directs name of the
probably heard dial tone fast train offers day eating weekend schedules job placement hands on
training so call fast train today at one eight six six fast train their deferred payment is
valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter whether you're a high school student on summer
break somebody an underpaid dead end job who's sick and tired of working for nothing we're just
looking to increase you in that worth and getting a big fat paycheck every couple of weeks call
fast train today at eight six six fast train or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at fast
train.com
born the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God
meat
roar
you get man
I eat like a man
meat makes you grow up bigger strong like Neil
maybe more than what's that you got I got this daddy what's this I can dunk it without tripping
you eat like a pussy like a girl like a spoiled oh
hi hi I'm being a boy I like food well
I like this oh you still attached
okay how about he's gonna get around sweet
oh this is cool too and if you get this
how should he do he think you're like a fly I want to swat away get out of here
oh man I'm gonna slap here try one at eight
good at you it's too ugly
oh
it's too
yeah yeah you talk about women all the time
but you only talked about men
I know what to do anymore
uh
maybe I can get a gig singin bokeh biann songs
tell me tell me
you scared me
yeah yeah
oh that Latin the last few seconds of that
yeah
maybe I can get a gig singin bokeh biann songs
tell me tell me
I mean what more do you need huh
I could just listen to that all day long oh here's the second race of Churchill down
brown starck mayor goes up all set the stock for your race of Churchill down
what
there
man
the lead grab the early lead from battle their bother
what do you talk about spastic he must know mark more in this race than
else
okay I don't want to leave it on because Hank might be listening he might have a big bet on
don't get him nervous
Bill Clinton speaks to a crowd of 750 people Tuesday
have known condemned the Bush administration policies
that he said are undoing progress made during his presidency and that are delaying
progress toward affirmative action goals in his folksy style
the former president departed often from his prepared remarks and referred to his host
of Jesse Jackson as brother Jackson his speech focused primarily on the Bush tax cut
which Clinton said would yield him as a member of a high income bracket next to 80 grand a year
tax grades would be better put to use showing up education and health care programs for children
and Clinton there are jobs programs such as AmeriCorps he said
whole stories on our website now speaking of our website today the one story you must read
or at least look at
look at the picture in the caption tears for the victims of bushes dirty little war
yeah oh boy now this is a picture you and I were talking about this morning before the show you
won't see this picture on an MSNBC wall of fame or whatever the hell you know what all it
hard says flowers pom pom cheerleading crap they do MSNBC just shut down okay shut it off
okay once you get the message nobody wants to watch your bull crap okay left wing right
weighing middle of the road and you've tried it all nobody gives a crap what this the sputum
that you're putting on the ear MSNBC my ass that Chris met Chris Matthew with a speech defect
nobody cared and I got them self-aggrandizing Keith Obermann who thinks that he's a very important guy
oh it sees sports nerds taking himself seriously oh my god
tears for the victims of bushes dirty little war it says a picture surely is worth a thousand
words especially the photo of sergeant Brian Pachalski comforting sergeant Dave Burrell in
Balade Iraq Dave Burrell did the humanin proper thing when he tried to get medical treatment for
those wounded children that he was moved to tears when he couldn't help them speak couldn't help
them speaks volumes about him in the decency of the human spirit and hella situations but for
those of us watching from the comfort of our home don't shed too many tears for these particularly
youngsters rather save them and multiply them by a million and a million more for all the suffering
mr. bushes wars caused and will cause save them for the children and adults the raki and american
shot through with shrapnel burn terrorized in their sleep horrified from watching loved ones blown
the bits in front of their eyes save them for the survivors who begun a lifetime of grief save
them for the children to be born of the veterans of this war and for the hundreds of generations of
Iraqi children yet unborn will come into this life defective and sick from the genetic
effects of depleted uranium weaponry save them for those here who'll be victims of the violence
certain to be spawned by mr. bushes through the little war i'm not going to read the whole thing
but it's on air it's on our website today and take a look at it pretty sad oh but that's propaganda
and we got rid of a ruthless dictator when they just found those uh pots those pots and pans and
they had one plate you see that oh yeah they found a sprocket they found a sprocket and a spigot
at a cog and now they're looking for a freeway they found spigot and now they can just find freeway
don't have it made bar can you imagine what's what's we're gonna sandstorm gonna say about that
supreme court decision today huh what's he gonna be saying about it but a little bit like that
okay i always like them fags a lot you know what's he what's he gonna say they're almost like real
people case your two-in-a-lates supreme court strikes down the Texas Sodomy law i said the god damn
government should keep their nose out everybody's bedroom is what adults are doing in the privacy
of their bedroom is nobody's god damn binus okay six to three they voted down not even close
and let me remind you again of the three who voted the other way i just mentioned this in
passing okay we're the three right wing assholes keep justice William Rennquist
Anthony Scalia who could be the most right wing extremist of mall where we're gonna do with
a second page of that did i smit it out i smit can't uh that would be bad no because i wanted
i wanted to hear it is i wanted to read just the Scalia's comments again
the court has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda Scalia wrote for the three
dissenters uh he took the unusual step of reading his dissent from the bench the court has taken
sides in the culture war Scalia said adding that he has nothing against homosexual thank god for that
thank god for that because if not a lot of us to be marching off for a free shower right now
oh
hey there we go hey y'all my name is clans from Eugene Thomas friends of bushes not many for
the supreme court and you know there's a lot of people's i did they think just of i spoke
a little man water when i said college and it wasn't nothing but a penjoy yeah maybe
sing our sanya i know remember y'all did they don't think i'm fit to be on the supreme court
yeah i got to march you let's do this quick and get out of here i want to sit y'all straight
when i stop reviewing the law i don't just review the law there y'all i mean token
and i token to the east and i token to the west and i token why don't i look up sandridale kind of
as best oh right i'll be token let's go buried one y'all
i'm in law this is four twenty five six you way yeah
you might mention my name's rice master gory
well kick an ass on that tall kick it big spell the ass on that hall
i
welcome
i hate to pass with my badass sitting down watching the views
i just don't want to use my friend or the village my old year
but they all smile so smudged in all the pundits that i see
like i'm called some friends i believe they're my friends and they really care about me
i know it's true convincing to
all the chariton baby
i know that they're in the white house has the grudeness of the lord
i lost my job my money is done that's what i think they just bought
they came for my family i'll say did not agree but i have nothing to hide so i should be all right
until they come for me i know it's true
convincing to
cause i started on gay play absolutely
i've got the truth and make it true
you
tune to
and then what ever comes out
absolutely
