Why are you bursting?
We are the three of us.
We are the anniversary of you.
We are the anniversary of the Holy Span.
We are the three of us.
We are the three of us.
How are you? I was being...
Oh, my God.
God.
Holy, God.
God.
That's power, then, Al. President, say, man.
I'm the most powerful God, damn, man, in the world.
Yes, I am.
God.
God.
That's power, then, Al. President, say, man.
I'm the most powerful God, damn, man, in the world.
So, as we come back, there's a maid out of people.
I'm the most powerful God, damn, man, in the world.
How do you support?
While 86% of newborn boys in this country are circumcised,
they procedure as widely performed
about any sort of anesthesia.
I have no preview.
I'm dead on it.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
Holy, God.
I will not take an eyes blockbuster or any other company that perpetuates this kind of behaviour.
You got that.
You got that.
You heard.
It's me again.
It's an all-john provocative story.
I don't have a bullspot on my child.
I know that the Lord even works for you, Roger.
Father of the Lord.
God.
God.
Oh, God.
This is a very complicated game.
This is good.
It's got a lick of it.
How's that hand job coming along, John?
Ah, you have no peace.
It is.
It doesn't do my job as well when I'm conscious.
They don't have that.
It's great radio.
I am that hemorrhoid.
Do we have a longer cord than a piece of cramp?
Look at this.
Look how short this damn thing is.
I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his neck.
Okay.
This place operates like a freaking nut house.
It really does.
I want to be left to freak alone.
I'm in mine for this guy to board to be made to look particular.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
He just did fail.
There's a net's crepe again.
Oh, God.
Four powers and ill presidents, amen.
I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world.
That's the real mecorrecture.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes?
First again, just had to wish you a very happy anniversary.
Thank you.
You've given us many, many years of play.
Let me see the way the phones are just lighting up like a Hanukkah busier man.
Oh, no.
27 years on here in Miami and you're at...
Year Kidney.
No, you're the only call.
I would have thought when I sat down here today that it would just be like an explosion on the phone.
I'm sure that Mo gave me all his best wishes this morning, giving Greg send off.
Besides running over for a minute there on the time.
And steady just got a city full of schmucks.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry to hear that, but thank you so much.
Well, listen, there's something we said for stability, you know what I'm saying?
Thank you, God.
Thanks for the mammary, sir.
And thanks to Randy Maltos and the ticket defense team sent over a beautiful plan.
Is it a plan or is it flowers?
It's a plan. It's a beautiful, broviliad.
Which George is going to take home to his lovely wife.
And that may pacify her for the weekend anyway.
Yeah.
And doubt it, maybe.
But thanks again, Randy.
Every year ticket defense team always comes through for me.
They're great. They've been on with us for what? About 100 years?
At least.
So if you get a ticket, 1-800-741 team. Is that the right number?
I hope yes it is.
Well, we can't do lives for them anymore because that's super law.
This is an informational thing.
Right. Just for information.
If you do get a traffic ticket called the ticket defense team and you'll take care of it for you.
They are excellent. They're outstanding.
Don't accept any imitators of which there are many by the way.
27 years on air. Well, of course tomorrow is really March 1.
But I mean, this, I guess, this concludes 27 years today, right?
Right.
And that way, look at it.
Close enough.
And of course, when you're working for Greg Reed, it kind of concludes a lot of things.
Oh, brother, stop right there.
This last year, boy, I'm going to tell you it's a miracle that any of us are still standing after what Greg Reed has done at this radio station.
Some of us is special.
See, power 96, I mean, he can't mess with that because he doesn't own any part of that.
And basically that's a kid's scurvy in the Tanner thing.
So they like to do their thing and they're like kick an ass.
Kiss? Kiss?
Kiss? He's not involved in kiss.
Right? Who runs?
Kiss now. Now that they got the one.
I don't know how to side out of my, we don't know, but they're doing very well as a matter of fact.
Country kiss FN, that knows picking station man, they're kicking ass.
They're kissing ass.
But unfortunately for us, WQA and Ms. Partley owned by the Greg Reed Meister,
who just keeps, wasn't bad enough when he kept sticking his finger in that hole in his head,
but now he keeps sticking his finger in the pie, you know, like a little kid.
Sticks his finger in the pie and starts messing it all around.
And you got, before you know what, you got just crap all over the place is what you got.
Oh, speaking of crap all over the place, there's a rumor around a building that Mo took a big dump out in front of the control room door this morning
to prove to everybody after that nice trend yesterday that really doesn't stink.
And we heard he's wrong.
And the rumor was, he's wrong.
He's better maybe just build his bag, I don't know.
And you notice, Gelly came back today now that the coast was clear, they got a big number,
there are five, five in that individual month there, it won't happen again.
We got punished man, we got punished big time.
The rushes came out, the right wingers, and let me, let me just say this to you right now, right up front.
Because we've been this, through this before, in the fall of 2000,
and when we had all the Chad County going on and the thing dragged on for like three months,
and we got punished then by the right wingers.
They, even a one-two listen because they're good religious folks, much better than we are, but they lie.
And so they won't put it down and they'll put down their listen to rush, their listen to magic, their listen to,
and of course, Mo is also the anti-neil now.
So they even were listening to him in this last couple of months.
Will it happen again? Well, that all depends, and quite frankly we don't care anymore.
It's just, you know, I mean this is what you wanted Greg, you screwed up two day parts out of your two biggest day parts, midday in Hank.
You screwed them both up. So what can I tell you?
That's just my message to Greg Read. You know, you, you messed with success and we see it happen over and over again.
So whatever, you know, however, everything falls out, it all comes right back to the top.
You know what they say about the fish things from the head? Yeah.
The couple who most made you say what the F-Shi doing with him is, we had almost a thousand votes on this yesterday,
which is shocking because it took a long time to get this thing put together.
And I didn't think we could, you know, get that much response.
I thought it was a cute poll that somebody sent in.
What the F-Shi doing with him?
Lisa Marie and Michael Jackson went 179 votes.
Carmen Electrodennis Rodman, 143. Pretty good battle there, and also a very good battle for second place.
Julia Roberts and Lyle, I love it. 141.
Catherine Zeta Jones and Michael Douglas, 57.
Well, I see it was way down after those top three.
Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thornton 42, Jennifer Lopez and Puff Diddy 42.
And Brittany Spears and Justin Tear about, think about it, only have 39?
Yeah. That's weak. What is with you people, man?
They aren't listening to Jo and Mark enough to get the Brittany stuff.
No, look at that Jim Sartey asshole in a minute.
Hey Sartey, you're an idiot. And Dave Hyde had a great column.
Oh!
Despite of what that right wing asshole called Mo this morning, that's when the luckily George came in and shut it off right in the middle of that column.
Thank you for doing that. No, I'm starting to get foaming it them out.
See, this is the other thing now. Not only is Mo the anti-neil, he's also the new hero of the right wingers, because he's not me, you see.
So therefore he's the new hero.
You know, people like Crazy Dennis and then this guy that called him this morning, excoriating that lady basketball player for.
And Dave Hyde, your story was so good, your column today in the Sunsendle, that actually we put it on our website.
How do you like that? Which I never do that.
For a rear, it must be the one he's right in this year that's good enough to put on there.
So if he's doing right wing stuff, is he not using French words anymore?
Mo.
Jennifer Lopez and P Diddy had 42, like I said, Britney Spears and Justin 39, Nicole Brown and OJ Simpson 33.
Angie Dickinson and Larry King had 31.
And from there, I'm not going to read the whole thing.
The long list. And it was fun. It was okay. It had its moments.
I give it about a two and a half on a scale of 10.
Got it. Not a very exciting pool today, but an important one.
See, because we're going to just press ahead and we'll see if we can whip up the people who are either moderate or liberal or not, not right wing Bible thumping bushlickers.
Okay. Now necessarily people will agree with everything that I say on the show, but people who at least are, you know, willing to admit they listen to the show.
We have the biggest goddamn closet audience out there. I'm talking about the sex closet.
I'm just talking about the general big old laundry closet.
We have the biggest damn closet audience in the, and not only that, but this was a real spo and show trend again.
My God. Is there anybody left in South Florida speaks English? God.
Radio Mambe. See, we keep hearing this crap. All those old Cubans, they're going to die off and everything's going to change.
Oh, yeah. Right. They might change their Guaya Barrow once a month. That's about it.
Same old stuff. Radio Mambe number one station in the market, baby.
710 formerly WGBS. That must make Ken, Ken's Maldon's guts twist. You know, thinking of when that used to be GBS.
What a great station that was or what a marginal at least something. You know.
And now it's Radio Mambe. Come on. East to come on. East to Samo Tara Kreb. I bet you make a lot of sense to that.
Now, one surprise me. He's probably the only listener that got under the age of 100. Carlison.
He's one dimensional. So they had gigantic numbers. So basically it was a right wing trend again. The numbers there.
Are we concerned about it? No, no. In fact, there was quite a bit of angst around a building. The fact that Mo did find to get a number in there.
You think that people would say, hey, finally, maybe he's turned into a corner and know a lot of people are saying basically, oh, jeez, we thought he was like, you know.
Scraping the bottom didn't happen though. So he clings. We've seen this happen before. You know the radio clings on.
He clings desperately to existence with one month. See, one month don't make a career. Mo, okay.
And maybe he is going to be our new leader on QM. Wouldn't that be nice for a change? Take the heat off of us. Maybe Mo is going to have the big number every month.
No, I don't think so. Could be wrong. We'll see.
Remember even the poll we took the other day about I'd rather die then and he came in a distant third right then both for George Bush.
I think came out way ahead and a couple of other things and he was like third on there. He's small potatoes now.
Either that or maybe our audience has taken a liking to him. What do you think? Taking a shine to him. Taking a shine. Remember G.O.G. David shine?
And Roy Cohen. No. Anyway, come minutes after nine at 560 WQM. Happy anniversary. Neil, thank you.
Twenty seven years on here in South Florida WKAT WNWS WINZ Zeta WIOD and now this our new model by the way is we're WQAM we're radio-ish.
Yeah, we're kind of like the Olive Garden. They're attacking it. We're radio-ish. I mean, we're not like a real radio station, but we're anybody seen our billboards yet.
Anyway, here's a great place. Delights a West Boker for all you people that are so frustrated because even though you can find the meat and the cheese and the seafood and the seafood and the cheese in the meat and your supermarket for the Atkins and other low-carb diets, you need some variety.
Well, here's a store that's dedicated to giving you exactly that Delights a West Boker that got over 600 delicious low-carb food products including all kinds of snacks and things to keep you on the Atkins and on the straight and narrow path without cheating.
This week you can sample their new low-carb tortilla chips in original or pico gallop flavor by Carb Sense and with a great tasting no-carb ruchetta by Walden Farm, you put all these things together, you'll be in Schneck Heaven.
So whether it's the Carbolite ice cream, breads, chips, muffins, cheese, ques, pasta, and sauces, the Delights a West Boker is the story you're going to want to check out for sure.
And don't forget at Delights unlike just about any other place you can try it before you buy it.
Their staff knows the Atkins diet and all the other low-carb diets inside and out they're open seven days a week, 10 to 10, and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world, always 25% off all day every day.
The books, the vitamins, and all the food products of course.
Head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the world, Delights a West Boker, you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston Market, or column toll free, 1-877 Low-Carb, or find them on the web at lowcarb.com.
And be sure and tell that old PD Lenny sent you by to Delights a West Boker.
My life and local, this is 4205 City, away and away.
No, hey hang this up, baby.
On the next E, star dates.
Hi this is Jordan Black, I'm in the house with Cindy Miller from Chila Coffee, Ohio.
All right Cindy, it's time to open up the envelope and see who your star date is going to be.
I'm so excited.
Oh my god!
That's right, Cindy, we're going to take you right to the palace, baby.
You're going to never lay a brand with Michael Jackson in your star date!
Yeah, Cindy's all pumped up, let's go.
Don't make me go.
Get the car.
Get in the car.
Don't make me go.
Get your white ass in the car.
When Cindy arrived at Neverland Ranch, she came face to face with Michael.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the car.
Get your car out of the car.
There he is right there.
Michael, this is Cindy.
Cindy, this is Michael.
Michael likes what he sees, don't you Michael?
Yep.
How about you Cindy?
The couple spent time together talking about their favorite music.
I love, like, some of my childhood or smile, you know?
I think I'm fine.
Or people by barbers are saying something beautiful, you know?
Oh, I love her.
And it's in its soothing.
It's not, you know, anything that's dangerous from me.
It's just comfortable.
What are you talking about?
Rest in your wishes, Rees.
You want our sex?
Sure.
The couple then got down to some serious love making.
I got to tell you, that was the most bizarre 30 seconds of my freaking life.
But Michael liked it.
It's very special.
You really were underruised.
Come in.
And you should hear what he called his, you know, things.
I call it my giving treat because it inspires me.
More like the barely giving twig.
It's an all-new star date on E Entertainment Television.
I got it a lot of times, but I think my brother Marlon got it the most.
Yeah, I did, it was brother-a-lot.
What can I say?
I was more attracted to Marlon.
That freak, Michael.
He was just so nervous.
So scared that we could take.
Hey, Putes, down me.
Star dates.
919, another one that ends like real quick like that.
Here's a call from Dear Field Beach.
Hello.
Neil, happy anniversary, bud.
Thank you so much, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Fantastic show.
I think you should play bits on the Ohio River David all day since the New York University.
I think that's a good idea.
I think we'll interspersed them all through the field.
They're each and every one of them.
I agree.
And I also could you play a few chances of a bit on George Bush and Aliens father?
I'll think about it.
If I'm really a benevolent mood.
And George's talking one more thing?
Yeah.
All right, excellent.
Here's a fact that says, hello, Neil.
Happy anniversary from El Duff.
It also says, Duffy II is what it says on the bottom.
I guess you didn't think my eyesight was good enough to catch that.
I think it was talking about you, George.
Oh, but then again, that's what everybody, at least their consistent.
Here's the fact from Matt says, happy anniversary.
By the way, most of this morning he's been going to the doctor for stress test recently because he's in his 50s.
Jesus, he's got to be in 150s.
It says, I think you got your thumb on him, Matt.
See, now at least he's admitting to 50s.
Okay, I mean, what is this man talking about?
And then you told me he was talking about how good he looks.
That's what Eric said.
He said, just tape this.
He's talking about it.
And compared to what?
A pile of puke.
He looks good.
My God.
He looks like George wrapped 80 years after we last saw him with a bad hair piece.
Anyway, we don't care about that.
I don't have to see him.
So what, what the hell is this man?
He's got a big number in there, baby.
The, uh, mo-myster.
A five, five in January in man 18 plus leading the way on QAM where we're ready to wish.
Anybody seen a billboard yet?
No.
Just asking.
Here's the poll for today.
Let's get it up there.
Eric can get it over with.
Okay, this is not, this isn't a brain crusher.
It doesn't require like any political or anything like that or any, uh, judgments.
Just a little survey.
Saturday, March 1st is meals 27th anniversary on the year in Miami.
How long have you been listening?
See, that's not very controversial.
Is it?
No, or complicated.
Or complicated?
Well, it might be because they got to start counting now.
And we got, let's see, three, six, eight choices.
All 27 years, which I don't think there's going to be too many of those.
Going way back to March of 76.
Oh, God.
Over 20 years, over 15 years, over 10 years, since WDQAM five years, a couple of years,
less than one year or less than six months.
Now, I mean, I granted I could have put like all kinds of numbers in there made a complicated day.
What?
Less than a day.
No, get out of here.
Less than a minute.
Less than a minute.
That was more than enough.
How long have you been listening to this show?
All 27 years, over 20 years, all 15 years, over 10 years.
What?
I didn't read that right.
Since WDQAM five years, a couple of years, less than one year, less than six months.
Let's see how many new listeners we have.
We let tremendous promotion we got.
See, that's what I started to mention before about Power 96 and Kiss and this and that.
I don't know if Kiss gets any promotion.
Do they?
I don't know.
Because we sure as hell don't.
Supposedly we got those billboards up there now, but it's a little bit late.
You know what I'm saying?
I think what Greg Reid believes is that the audience just will continue multiplying and growing by osmosis.
You know, and now that we got Fox sports on there, it, you know, we like Pat, what's his name says?
What's that list's name?
Pat Riley.
Oh, great.
Perry.
Like he says, and of course we all hold our size and laughter.
Oh yeah, it's good because it brings more people to create more people of the sports radio.
Ha.
It creates more sports radio listeners, more sports nerds like they're pumping out of the factory somewhere.
I don't think so, Ray.
You're a good guy, but keep your nose out of programming.
You know nothing.
Kind of like Greg.
What a joke.
And so the audience, you know, they die off.
They move out of town.
They get tired of us or whatever.
And we don't replace them with anybody because nobody has any clue what they'll we do on this station.
Even the sports nerds.
I've never worked on a station that promoted as little as this one.
We used to belly ache about it at IOD, but every once in a while, you know, they would do something.
Yeah.
But here it's like, wow, you know, promises and promises.
And meanwhile, Power 96 has got every guy named Busta Bench, every bus, right?
They're buying their audience.
They're paying you like $50,000 to listen for an hour or whatever they're giving away.
Zidians, the dollars over there.
That's why the number one.
They got every ethnic punk in town listening to Power 96 except the ones that are listening to jamming it.
And that's because they're getting paid $450,000 an hour to listen to that crap.
And so they're number one.
How many young people even know that this show is on here anymore?
See what I'm saying?
Right.
How will they?
I don't know.
While they're searching through the AM dial looking for some music.
Right.
Exactly.
While they're scouring the AM dial, that's when they find us.
You know something.
Even if you do scour the AM dial, you probably won't find us anyway.
Right.
See the fan, they were like, what were they?
Like 1780, something like that, like way off the far right of the dial.
We're way off the far left of the dial, which of course is a problem because being left these days, not a good idea.
Five-sixty, who now turns that a five-sixty? Nobody.
So even like somebody new comes in a town, how about whether they would they refine this place?
You gotta go out there and tap somebody on the shoulder, Greg.
We gotta have something, okay?
Instead of constantly interfering and screwing with a programming and screwing over people's lives,
how about giving us a little something? Throw us a bone. Throw us a little bone.
By the way, did I get a message from Greg Reed, happy 27th anniversary?
Thanks for working all week sick.
I'm glad you're better after your stroke. Did I get such a message?
No.
No.
No, but he wants to get a hold of PD Laney to find out if he's really leaving to go to another company
because some asshole wrote an anonymous letter from Phoenix, Arizona, that we got a copy of as well.
This is our fearless leader, ladies and gentlemen.
This is the man in whose hands we place our entire careers and live.
27 years in here, Miami.
And my life is in a hand to this bozo, this silly person.
I mean, even does sense of the facts. Happy anniversary, yeah?
A little something. Not one from Clarence, I don't see.
I'll always give the check this week, so that's all accounts.
Just forget about happy anniversary, Clarence. I'll take the paycheck.
But that's right, you know what he's busy with?
Yeah, I know exactly what he's busy with.
Sports, yeah.
Here's a call from Deerfield. Hello.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you.
I've been listening to you to tell me exactly when this probably was.
This sounds like Reverend Jones.
It was Uncle Mikey in the morning.
There you go.
This is Reverend Jones.
Huh?
You're gay.
Go ahead.
When, how long did Rick and Sus replace Steve King?
I've listened to that gay for two years before.
Yeah, you keep a straight face. Can you Reverend?
You're gay.
I thought that you were fighting in Vegas this weekend. Hank was going out of your fight.
You got the wrong person, Neil.
Okay. Okay. That Reverend Jones?
No.
Okay. I got a question.
The, um, that was clear that you have, if, what says, uh, don't buy a house?
Uh-huh.
Was that from your first show on the air or no?
From the first show on the air?
Yeah, well, I, I was probably shooting you.
Don't buy a house.
Right, well, then?
No, that was way later.
We didn't have any clips like that from KAT. Are you kidding me?
I was just curious.
We're lucky we could crank up that old transmitter, get those final tubes going in that place.
Have a great day, Reverend Jones. Thank you.
That was him, wasn't it?
I don't know.
It sounded just like him. Sure.
Sure. Well, you always say everybody's Reverend Jones.
By the way, don't let me forget to read those promos about all the stuff that you guys got going on.
And about poor Joe Castellan gets ripped by Jim Sarni.
Oh, man.
I ripped them for, I ripped the station for putting them on in the middle of the day.
But, but the crap that he writes.
And of course, he's busy pumping up WRFX the morning bullpen.
Boy, oh boy, this Jim Sarni, man.
Let me tell you what an asshole.
I think he's Dayton Tom Jicke.
I think it's, you know, he's rubbing his bald spot is what I think.
Although, Jim Sarni's a lot uglier than Jicke will ever be.
27 after 9 at 5.60 WQN were ready-wish.
I'll tell you some guys who are like for real-ish.
Tom Lavin and Joe Prierto would have the Pontiac GMC.
These are real guys. These are real people.
This is a real dealership not pretend like we are.
And our friends at Hallett Pontiac, getting choked up about a proud one out three great neo-rodgers,
neo-deals are going on right now.
Well, I felt like some mung flu in my mouth, you know what?
I better get that air purifier in the studio immediately right at during the break.
Neo-deal number one at Hallett right now gets 0% financing.
And I'm saying, you know, GMC 1500 series pickups.
You heard right, 0% of all 1500 series pickups.
Neo-deal number two, Lisa GMC envoy just 299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months.
You heard correct only 299 a month plus tax.
Neo-deal number three by a Pontiac vibe only 199 bucks a month.
You heard correctly only 199 a month.
And Hallett's also always got great neo-deals on used car trucks and SUVs.
And if any other car dealer in town says, hey, your credit's kind of marginal.
Get out of that place and head immediately for Hallett because
credit is never a problem for you at Hallett Pontiac GMC.
Right now, don't forget the great neo-deal triple header going on at Hallett Pontiac at
134-1 South Dixie highway that's US-1 across from the falls open every day of your life,
seven days a week, sub Christmas day.
For more information called the neo-deal hotline tool free, 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211.
And don't forget all neo-deals are subject to credit approval.
C-Deele for details.
Hallett Pontiac GMC would like to shout right in your ear.
We are professional grade.
My best local business is 560.
The radio's all yours now.
You and...
Try the U-Best, it.
When on that home or when I drive all that I hear of the midnight,
the same old songs or right-wing shows all over the corporate radio.
They barked them on the challenges gone.
Now all that's heard are the old songs.
They're ready to cry and majorize to fake us real.
We should change our minds.
To a full worldwide, the best is noise.
That's the word for the good old boys who just come home.
Or just prepare and just assume that if I'm in the way,
you have your mind, you have your mind, you have the fun.
Your fun comes out radio.
Oh, we hear it radio do do.
Right-wing cocktail, Nazi food food.
Oh, we hear it radio retardant,
neo-contellant, one of the lymphors.
Oh, we hear it, the bushling king.
As he sings low-highs, acts him or runs.
Oh, we hear it, last produced music, and then when we love,
warrants mutin', all we hear is no ball programming.
That's just the days, looseping quizzings.
Oh, we hear it equal flop flop, rock but can't done.
Bro, bush, who, not, all we hear is, rush is PC.
Cris, Jeffrey, come, right-wing boast.
I'm 34th, 560, that's right, all rush all day, do do do do do do do do do do do.
Right, and then of course, the bush mitt, all schmitt all day.
All the right-wingers, baby, it's interesting.
First of was TV, it was all Fox all day, all propaganda from the far right,
and now we got on the same thing on our radio.
Quite what the FCC is having their hearings today,
and it's just astonishing, it's shocking.
About further deregulation, Michael Powell, who of course is Colin Powell,
son of the chairman of the FCC, he and the other two Republicans on the FCC,
they want to have like, totally regulation.
In other words, if three companies own every radio station, American,
every TV station, every newspaper, that's okay with them.
That's too many.
Oh, like I said, if one company, like, a queer channel,
I'm beginning to wonder about Arbitron, too, you know,
after that survey that we talked about, you know,
and we can't have that story way ahead of this trend.
I don't want to say that the fix was in because we had an off month, it wasn't that bad,
but I don't want to say the fix is in, you up,
fakers up there at Beltsville, Maryland, but it certainly is suspicious that all you can find
now is right-wingers.
You can't find anybody else.
Big Arnie says, had to wish you a happy 27th way to go.
You're in the right business with a gift of gab.
Me on the other hand, I'm in the 30th year in the Marine business,
and I don't go voting because I get C-Sick.
Big Arnie.
Who's that weight, Big Arnie?
Okay, we want you around, okay?
Here's one from listener George, who's kind of chronic happy anniversary.
Yesterday we forgot Sonny and Shere, Greg Almanen and Shere,
and Gene Simmons and Shere.
Now, who is the great looking one in that bunch?
Oh, good question.
Yeah, good question.
I will think about it, George. Thank you.
Five, six, seven.
So anyway, before we get back to your calls, which I'm sure we'll have a zillion.
We already did.
Very Jackass, don't have anything to say.
Let's see, QM's Panther deals expiring and the heat with the IOD
and QA will pursue the heat.
Didn't I tell you that many days ago?
You did?
Yes, I did.
You weren't paying any attention to sports things.
I said.
And about the ratings suck on the sports and all of a sudden,
I'm on your right.
Very, they do.
And you suck too, very, you're an idiot.
But not as big of an idiot as Jim Sarni and a son,
Samuel, who writes in his Friday-supposed broadcast column,
The Worst Broadcast, come I've ever seen in my life, by the way.
The new and improved morning bullpen on WRFX940,
where there are special editions of tennis talk
live on the International Tennis Championships in Delray Beach next week.
Oh, right.
7-8 pm went through Friday.
Carl Foster, Anita Marx and John Weiner,
will also broadcast the morning show live from World's Immendale Rebeach Wednesday and Friday.
The morning bullpen will also be at the Honda Classic out of Yode.
So here's on a shameless plug for Fox Sports and John Weiner.
Remember what I used to say about him when he was on QA?
Yes.
Nice guy, he doesn't belong on the air for a second, which we have a couple more like that.
You know what I mean?
Anyway, yeah.
But anyway, so he goes in the last paragraph, Jim Sarni writes,
and I'll tell you right up front, I was chastising our middle-level management people
for having Joe and Mark on in the middle of the day, remember that?
Right.
Which they filled in for Hank on Wednesday, who was recuperating with his voice.
I talked to the hopper yesterday, so he just had bronchitis. He's okay.
But anyway, so they filled in Wednesday.
And I said, what are they doing on any afternoon?
You know, they don't.
But he writes, know your audience.
Joe and Mark filled in for Hank Goldberg on Wednesday.
And the first thing they talked about with the Britney Spears tabloid cocaine rumors,
that's fine for the 3am crowd, but the 3pm listeners are tuning out.
I could spend the whole rest of the show analysing this one short paragraph on an asshole we're dealing with
and a kind of local newspapers we've got.
Okay.
In other words, the 3pm of the sports people, they're not going to hear of it.
They're not interested in Britney Spears.
Right!
How many times, and how much time does Mad Dog take?
Which of course is Sarni's good buddy, so he will never knock the mad Dog any better not.
But how much time does he take talking about really marginal broads like Redovan Sustorin and this one
and that one and Britney and whoever else he happens to have the hots for that day?
All the time.
And if Hank on guaranteed would have had that story in front of him about Britney snorting coke off the toilet seat,
he would have used it.
Yeah, the 3pm listeners are tuning out.
In other words, if we don't talk all sports the whole time, then those sports nerds,
because sports nerds aren't interested in sex, let's face it.
Well, no, not with girls.
Oh, that's right, because it's a gay club.
In addition to which they were on for one day, they were only filled in for four hours, one freaking day.
Sarni, you jackass.
So in other words, here he spends part of his column promoting the competition over there.
And I used that term loosely with their marginal numbers, almost non-existent.
And he takes a shot here at Jo and Mark, which I granted they got a juvenile sophomore at show.
But nevertheless, what's wrong with talking about Britney snorting coke off the goddamn toilet seat,
which you should assume the tabloids for printing that?
Well, what's wrong with talking about it?
See, Jim Sarni, I understand that you're over the age of 100,
and when anybody looks like you probably hasn't got laid in at least 20 years, if ever.
But there are even the sports guys wanting to hear about Britney and about getting laid
and about snorting coke off the toilet seat.
You're an asshole, Sarni.
You're what's wrong with South Florida, man.
You and your whole goddamn newspaper.
You and Jika who writes more goddamn puff pieces about network TV than anybody in history of mankind.
Hasn't written anything about local in about 20 years now?
And this is what you've got for journalism.
No wonder the average mentality that IQ and South Florida is in the minus column.
With what they get with fed by the goddamn media.
Which is another reason I say, thank God.
Oh, God.
For this show.
These people ought to be on their hands and knees at their radios right now.
You know how the Muslims do on their carpets and their right-wing carpets?
That's what the audience ought to be doing.
They ought to be doing the Alimbo rock at the radios right now on a carpet.
Of course, you know our crowd most of them probably are on the floor anyway.
Don't forget, stop by Verizon Wireless this afternoon, 5 to 6 pm at 69.89 West Broward Boulevard and Plantation.
When prizes registered and when tickets are not coming, Florida Marlins home game.
So I guess Miguel will be there, huh?
You can go over there and hit on Miguel.
Say, gee, you look all as good as Enrique.
I saw Enrique on the TV last night on some tape thing on much music.
He looked pretty good.
Couldn't sing a note.
But he looked damn good.
Love you Enrique.
Also, join Joe Costello 5 to 7 at Armstrong Toyota Home Stead.
See, I'm tongue tied.
Is that today?
It's today.
Stop by the wood tickets to the Toyota Md300 and Keynes tickets.
Plus, enjoy free food from Atlantic City.
Sums were bred and I were make the difference.
So you can go ahead and see Joe Costello's Armstrong Toyota Home Stead.
5 to 7 to 7.
Don't say, hey Joe, better stop talking about Brittany because Jim Sarni is going to keep ripping you in an ant.
At least they got their names in a paper, okay, which is something.
At least he got you in Mark in there.
You're a jackass, Jim Sarni, okay?
You're a moron.
And did he ever say, hey, what about Joe Zagaki filling in as much as we like him personally?
What about Zagaki filling in for the Humper?
The most chroma-inducing tune out in History Man's Cut is you ever written one word like that?
No.
No.
Well, Joe Zagaki doesn't talk about Brittany.
Oh.
Yada.
In fact, if Joe Zagaki read that story that was in the tabloids about her allegedly snorting Coke off the toilet seat, all they'd have to say would be,
Oh my, oh my, right.
And I guarantee you get a 20-year.
That's all for four hours.
Oh my, oh my, oh my.
And played at Brittany's music in the background.
Sarni, you're an old, funny, dirty baby. You're a fossil.
You're something from out of the distance. You're a newspaper dinosaur.
941-560 WQM for years now, I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio-med.
And I keep telling you because the stuff really works. It does stuff for people.
Olio-med soft gels contain pharmaceutical-grade olivol, not just ordinary pedestrian everyday olivol, but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits.
Olio-med everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol, plus there are 14 different olio-med formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical-grade olivol with vitamins, minerals, and herbals to support specific health needs, from bones to blood pressure to your immune system.
Just choose the formulas that are right for you and what you'll be needing.
And now there are three, Brad-new olio-med formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight,
Yeah, and co-Q10 for your heart.
You'll find olio-med all over town. Now, more and more stores are carrying it because more and more people are poppin' it.
And there are also some of the most popular olio-meds in their puts.
Olio-meds available at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, and Novore Wantsodanos.
We can order it online, olio-medamerica.com, and get more information about olio-med and their sensational products by calling them Tool-Free 1-866-Oliomid.
That's 1-866-6536-333.
We're sports radio 560-CAM.
It's a bit...
That's bad. I'm honest and grateful that you would see me today.
That would be my most valued friend. For what reason do you bother me today?
I want to say something on my own.
What has he done to reserve such a fate?
These are me men, a very me men.
You want to be marvelous.
You should say something else too.
But I will have to take him to hell.
Thank you, Godfather.
Wow.
That's a good day.
That's a good day.
That's a good day.
Wait, wait, wait, wait a second.
Ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da!
Yeah, that's a good day.
Okay, Bobbino about time to some sesame seed crunts. What do you hack it? Yeah, but you thought I was dead, didn't you?
Well, not a dimension. Hey man, I'm not talking. My time to get it easier.
Wait a minute. I'm not mo.
What do you mean you have mo? I'm just filling it into the amboca brine.
Overbying. I must have got confused this year. You're next. It looks like a noisker.
Yeah, it does, doesn't it? So where's Mo?
We know his guilty put a contract out on him, so he's hiding out at scoogins.
Skooling, huh? Yeah, and he's using clarrots for a human shield.
I know that's going. Come on, let's go. I got a job to do for the cat's farm.
Okay, to the love bum.
My punch god is full. Would you like another kid to go for a coffee?
Yes. Thank you.
No, Clarence. What do you say we blow this pot stand?
For a little spore hose, spooge it to the doomsday.
Oh, I'm really sure to get him back.
Oh, don't say it like that. You know, I guess.
Spores.
You're making this a good shwank.
Boats.
Nine, two, one.
Boats. Boats.
No women.
Just men.
Dad, you may have a little bit.
I got him.
The digs up.
Oh, he's a huck.
Yeah, what about it?
I can't hear you.
Sure we can save jigg.
Take off them pink check and hands.
Hey, everybody.
This way, show me.
Come on, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
God, I'm like, just,
who's the dude?
I've been fun, Mo.
Just a joke.
Why you little assay.
Yeah.
What are you doing outweighin' five in chills?
Well, my wife likes it so much.
I always dress like this now.
You?
Oh.
You like him better than me.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
Boats.
What's next?
Dead babies?
Maybe.
Stay till you find out.
947 at 560 W3M.
What's the schedule look like today?
We got the Mad Dog at 1 to Humparit the 3.
3 to 650.
650.
We got UM against Citadel baseball.
UM have a little of a few problems there,
but they'll overcome.
After the baseball game, Eddie K from GA and ESPN radio overnight,
which ain't no Joe and Mark.
I'll tell you that.
They will not be talking about Britney Spears,
Norton Kochoff, a alleged toilet seat on ESPN radio,
which is why nobody's listening to it.
Here's some more facts is let me take some calls first,
though, because a lot of people dropped off.
They're not going to hang on to say happy anniversary,
because 27 ate a very exciting number, you know?
No, it's kind of a new number.
25th anniversary was a big.
I didn't see anything in the morning.
New papers have added, by the way,
to chanting in the Sunsettle in Jikas,
column.
Well, I would have had to look.
Did you see Jim Sarni say 27 years on the year in a market
for a midday, guy in the O'Rodgers on Squall Sports QAM?
Did you see that?
No.
He's too busy ripping Joe and Mark in promoting Fox Sports.
You jackass.
Man, even Moe was pissed off about that.
All those promotions for the competition over there.
He must be a Moe Bashar that then Moe Jim Sarni.
You asshole.
Yeah, amen.
Every chance he gets just ripping and ripping and ripping
except the course for his post-personal buddies,
which would I mention who they are, you know?
That's right.
Wouldn't knock them.
You asshole.
Right.
How about a boost for our close personal buddy,
Moe, Mr.
You asshole?
God, we hate Jim Sarni.
I'm going to make me over the weekend.
A Jim Sarni Voodoo.
You asshole.
Here's the facts from Adrian.
Says happy anniversary to you.
Screwed George self-hating spick.
It's been 27 years that magnificent things.
I'm only 20.
What does it take 24?
They're less than you for six years now.
I never once have I strayed.
Maybe when the mumble is on.
Not that I have anything against George.
Great guy.
Yeah, right.
Madam, once you're twice in his appearances.
Anyway, keep on doing a great shipment.
You're doing it.
I will too.
Nice going, Adrian.
Keep putting your brains on.
I did this morning, man.
You too?
Oh, brother.
Here's what it says.
And I like this.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
If you listen to the great Cally and Booms show yet,
they're no longer on the ear, by the way.
This is the guy I never used to call us all the time.
About Cally and Booms?
Oh, yeah.
What is wrong with you today?
You're like off your feet.
I was reading the other facts.
You must have smitten your brains out.
Now, I don't understand this one because it's unsigned.
The Rod Co. Group and For Lauderdale.
Do we have any idea who that is?
No.
About the congratulations on 27 years of hellish flow.
I'd attended the WFTL reunion as a guest of Craig Worthing.
I've had more fun having a root canal.
Mr. Ego was there along with this close personal buddy, Brian Craig.
The two of them are joined at the hip, by the way.
Little Brian.
He belongs on the ear like my little dog did.
I was expecting Alan.
In fact, even now, in a form of ashes, my little dog
had to do a better job on it.
Little Brian Craig.
Little Quizzling.
Whatever you say.
Whatever you say, Mr. Ego.
Whatever you say.
I was expecting Alice Rantelder walk-in,
but was an O-Show.
I'm not sure what happened to Norma Kent.
Maybe she was I'd drive her new Volvo SUV.
Craig says hello in a month's to know.
Can I order a second dinner?
Ha ha ha ha.
And the answer Craig is.
Oh, good luck to Craig.
Leave me alone.
How's the pool coming?
Now see, this is not the sexy pool.
It's not like this one against that one.
There's no anger or hostility involved.
So these also probably be a little slow.
But it's informative and take a look at how interesting this is.
86 votes.
How long you've been listening to this program?
Over 10 years, 23.
Over 15 years, 18.
Since QAM only, 5 years, 13.
All 27 years, 12.
Oh!
Really 11 because one was me because I have no choice.
Right.
All 27 years, 12.
Do you believe that?
That's a shocking number.
A couple of years, 9.
Over 20 years, 9.
Wow.
Less now.
Wait till you get to these.
Less than a year, 1.
And less than 6 months, 1.
There you go, Greg.
No wonder Greg don't want to send me a fax in happy anniversary.
Neal, happy 20, 70 years on here in Miami because he's embarrassed
as hell and I would be too.
He puts all the stuff in the contract.
Are they going to do this?
And they're going to do that?
Yeah, right.
Lier, liar, pants on fire.
You asshole.
Right.
Antiboy, Mo, go get him.
That's what I said to when I was down to this last time in January.
I said to them, I said, what do you think of our fearless leader?
He said, you asshole.
Only was talking to me.
God.
One.
One less than 6 months and one less than a year.
Does that tell you?
Am I making my point for you?
Huh?
I know.
Where did you get a new audience from?
My osmosis.
We got a factory somewhere.
We stamp them out and then clearness is sitting there.
Well, do the audiences get an order?
Of course it's getting older.
Pretty soon they're all going to be dead.
You got to go out and drop up a new audience.
You got to say, especially on AM radio and a transient market like South Florida.
Where they come and go like like fruit cakes on banana boats.
My God.
Just keep talking to good game and promising.
They're going to do this.
They're going to do that in the meantime.
Just get on the spot.
That's all just get on the spots.
Do the best you can.
And that's all we're doing.
See here, let me get to worked up.
Don't get worked out.
I shouldn't be doing that.
Thinks the more tea.
And I will tell you my goal now is I will unless I croak first,
which I'm trying not to do.
But I did drink some tea.
I had nice cup of herb tea.
That's enough.
And I brought my air purifier here, which is really, that's why I'm coughing.
I'm gonna roll a cramp out of the air.
No, it's clearing it out.
But my goal now is I will make 30 years.
Yeah, then they will fear me.
So in other words, three more.
I mean, it's supposed to be four more, but I, you know, I forget about it.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello.
At the anniversary, Neil.
Thank you so much, sir.
Great show, George.
Both.
Hey, I think I've got about nine and that's where I listen to because of a hockey talk, actually.
Really?
Yeah.
How about those Panthers, huh?
Panthers and the leaves both stuck the joint out last night.
The last male and the coffin last time that was it.
Yeah, they're done.
They got to get, well, now it's time to dump the other buried brother.
So, anyway, I just think the government is looking to get one, two or three big
businesses in every, every major category between radio, retail and that's the way they can
control everything.
That's right.
Pretty soon, when I'm out of what you buy, you'll have to go to Walmart and you'll have to listen to
it's clear channel and you'll have to read the Washington Times.
That'll be it.
There'll be two oil companies and they'll be able to control it.
They'll have to be able to control a couple of companies and it is a whole handful of
independent films.
There you go. That's right.
That's where it's going.
I'm for it.
You got it.
You're going to be out of the, you're going to get out of the bed just in time before the whole
cup of it's been in about a week.
Yeah.
It will be all rushed and rushed ones.
Don't want to be on a radio.
Yeah.
Well, look, look what MSNBC did.
Not only they blow out Donnie who now they hear a stream out right wingers
that they put on there.
I mean, who's kidding anybody?
I can't even watch those anymore.
They're unwastable.
All right, wing all day.
We'll have a great weekend, pal.
Glad to make them.
Thanks for the memories.
I'm glad he mentioned something about the government because I don't want to get too
heavy here today.
But that front line showed that everybody said, oh, you got to watch that on PBS.
So I taped it yesterday afternoon.
I sat there after my soap operas, of course, which take precedence after general.
I mean, guiding light into passions.
And I dedicated one whole hour to watching it from start to finish.
Pretty good, huh?
Oh, my God.
I mean, what is wrong with this crowd out there, huh?
What are we starting?
What are they thinking about?
In fact, I had like pinched myself.
Oh, I was thinking, oh, God damn thing.
There was nothing new on there.
There was nothing that we didn't already know.
So Wolfowitz is a hawk and Scooter Libby is a hawk.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
And this one said this, there was nothing new or revealing or exciting on that.
This is the reason that nobody even watches PBS because they don't 99% of the time, even
on that front line show that's supposed to be.
So daring and such an expose.
They don't see a goddamn thing.
You'll get more exciting stuff on 60 minutes than you get on the front line.
I'll hear into you that.
Even if it's only Andy Looney's eyebrows.
And look at this.
Look at the photo where they're dropping off here.
I mean, Brandon, it's not exciting.
Hey, happy anniversary.
They got nothing to say anyway, but at least it's something.
It's a hawk, you know?
Yeah, a hawk is a star.
It's just a light of parkour yet, see?
No, I'm serious.
This is pretty goddamn disappointing, which is good because you want to be disappointed
when you're on here in South Florida.
They never let you down.
You expect them to disappoint?
They disappoint.
Yeah, but the good news is the less than a year and less than six months,
that's about to each now.
No, it's not going to make any difference.
What it is because I've already made my point.
I've already made the point.
What's the point?
And it's not just me.
It's the entire radio station.
Look at the erosion.
And it's got nothing to do with fox sports.
And it's got nothing to do with that rush.
What it has to do is the fact that we've got people sitting back just thinking
that they can operate on their good looks or something.
And I believe me, Greg, I've seen you ain't going to go too far.
OK?
You're not going to go too far looking like that, especially with that haircut,
with that Luis Miguel Faggy haircut.
So let's go already.
Anybody seen our new billboards yet?
No.
Those big QA billboards, tomorrow's the first of March, the eyes of March are not too far off.
And we're still worried about where's the first goddamn billboard.
And don't anybody ever call me again and tell me to watch some crappy show like that front line thing, OK?
I mean, the guy had good intentions all breakfast.
Oh, you got to see this and it's all unbelievable.
It was crap.
Anybody who doesn't know that stuff is busy watching Joe billionaire too much or something like,
oh, we got that list of billionaires.
By the way, Oprah's a billionaire now.
Are we excited about that?
No.
Are we thrilled that you have a lot of talent?
No.
Goes to show you.
957 at 560 WQM.
When you left the house this morning, did you notice how dirty, how schmutzy,
how nasty looking your car was?
You didn't have time to wash it.
And those so-called car washes and gas stations don't get it done right the way you like.
Well, here's a great idea.
For you, take your car this weekend to university car wash and lube.
They're on university drive-between sterling and gripping roads and diving.
They do it all for you.
Full-service washes, deluxe washes, hand washes, a hand job, the likes of which you've
seldom seen, complete detail and rug shampooing.
Right now at university car wash and lube, you'll get unlimited full-service car washes
as little as $32.95 for the entire month.
That's right.
Just $32.95.
You can get a washed every day if you want.
Need an oil change?
Get a complete quality pen-z oil oil change and free full-service car wash.
Only $22.95 when you're sent up for their pre-free preferred customer card.
So keep that new car shine all winter long only from university car wash and lube.
And if you're snowboarded, you need to get that car look and brand new again.
Stop by university car wash and lube.
This weekend is the time to do it.
Get the schmutz and grime off of that car.
At university car wash and lube, they're the best.
University car wash and lube, you'll find them on university drive-
between gripping and sterling roads in prestigious Davies.
I'm not even looking.
This is sports 20-o'-pikes to get you where you are.
Why the you best, dude?
Whether you're a Muslim wanting to get rid of those annoying curds,
a Sikh trying to rip the world of Hindus or a Christian wanting to eliminate abortionists,
there's only one place to shop for all your religious weaponry,
religious weapon supply company.
At RWS, we believe in the rights of all religions to physically assert their prejudice against
other religious groups who don't agree with those that's values.
RWS supplies all organizations with a vast range of weapons,
and we ship all over the world.
For only a small extra charge, we offer an engraving service to have the name of your faith
and scribe them each weapon, indicating to your God your level of commitment.
So before you start your Miss G-Hod,
stop up now at RWS, religious weapons apply because you know your faith is right.
Happy Friday to you, 27 years on ear and South Florida, the near Roger show.
And after 27 years I have one question for South Florida,
yeah, paper or plastic.
So nerd sports nerd clearance finally gets around, what is a little slow?
Happy 27th even people in sports appreciate that you're whatever it says,
that you're number one.
Oh, it used to be number one.
You guys stood up the lineup.
See they lie a lot him and Muff, they sit around and look at you and they pretend
they're going to do something.
There is impotent as some people are working sales, you know.
I don't want to mention any names, impotent.
I mean, they mean well, you know, but a lot of people mean well.
So did Hermann Gearing, he meant well.
Dr. Mangala, he was just doing some experiments.
Thanks a lot, clearance.
I still have nothing from Greg Reed though.
Is he around?
Have you seen him lately?
I mean, wouldn't that be scandalous?
Another anniversary comes and goes, this ungrateful, miserable, nasty, hard-hearted,
walking goofball.
Greg hates you.
Maybe that's why I haven't heard from him yet, you know.
I wonder if Norma ever got her money.
I'm sure he did because if she wouldn't have got her money,
and I'd be hearing about it in spite of my strife.
I just sent him my money.
Lydia, why'd you do that?
Because I owed it to him.
Why a schmuck?
God, are you dumb?
You mean, I could have waited like five years?
You said I waited at least six months.
That's not the way I operate.
Big shot like Norma can't do with your money.
Here's the fact that says, first off, happy anniversary, I'm 25,
and remember listening to you as a little kid.
I've continued listening because you're a straight shooter, so to speak.
Scorch, cork, not like Peter Northquite, but a straight shooter.
I know that they tampered with the election, but a ratings book now that's going too far.
We can let them pick our present by using their influence to boost the ego of a two-pay-wearing,
vericose veins having loud mouth idiot is just too much.
The books have lost all integrity as far as I'm concerned.
Did you see Christopher Reeves on Smolville?
I thought he was awesome.
I didn't see a Smolville.
I forgot to.
But I watched the easy view on Sunday.
Thank God they replayed on Sunday.
Thank the Lord.
Because you said it was pretty good, huh?
For once they finally moved a little bit forward
with the storyline ahead its moments.
Kind of like passions.
No, after about six months.
Antonio finally came out of his coma.
Antonio!
Who is here for a big surprise?
And are Luis and Beth in for a big surprise?
I mean Luis insured him.
When Beth sets the cottage on fire, that's going to happen today.
I probably shouldn't keep doing that, should I?
What?
I don't know, I guess the passions people.
I did the passions crowd at NBC.
They would like it because it's more of an incentive for people to tune in.
It's like a preview thing.
Yeah, I see the day ahead of time up here, hey?
So here's Rich Pactors' Happy 27th and uses the occasion to plug his kids band.
Let's see Friday Night punk rock show special guest Barbara Ann.
Music from MTV's hit show Undressed
at the Pompato Indoor Skate Park.
2171 Blunt Road Pompato Beach.
A third nostril featuring Ray Pactor
with the disaster sister with the Zat.
What is that?
With when disaster strikes, boring nightlife and a fragile line.
Friday, February 28th, 8pm tonight, Pompato Indoor Skate Park.
There you go, Rich Noctis R.
Thank you.
I'm amazed you could read that because I could barely.
I got good eyesight man, believe me.
I can see I can see good things from our distance.
Oh, hey, believe me.
Trust me.
When it doubt, I can sniff it out.
Here's a fact that says, I still don't see the one from Greg, do you?
What?
Happy, happy.
Sorry about, sorry about tiny still hate George like poison.
Maria from ECQ's nearer.
Maria from ECQ's hates you.
Yeah, I'm crushed.
Well, it's just the way it goes.
And she's actually listening online.
Now, Eric facts me the results from yesterday's pool.
He's not having trouble hearing it, is he?
I don't know.
I wondered because ordinarily he wouldn't do that because I read what I wanted to read,
but maybe he's just trying to be considered.
Or maybe he just can't hear us today.
I think he can't.
He heard Mo say that he was good looking.
Mo is good looking.
If you don't believe us, go to the nearer.
Roger's website, theer.roggies.com.
So you don't understand it.
He's good looking.
It's just the hair piece that's bad.
He's lovely.
It's just the hair piece that's grotesque in a verapost vein that don't look too good either.
And the court from that bag.
It's like quasi-moto.
He was beautiful too, but you just had to like get inside.
Roger.
He's saying?
Yeah, that inner beauty.
Yeah, that's what you thought about Ismarola.
She was beautiful and he just had to get inside.
Didn't have it until she died, but sooner or later, if you wait long enough.
Well, I tell you, we sure got several open lines in the board.
It just tears my kishki's out.
This makes me wonder what it's all about.
Hey, there's Greg.
He's wishing you happy anniversary.
It is not.
It is.
I'm looking at him right now.
Did you get a haircut?
Got all of green suit.
He got a haircut.
No, he's giving me an honest answer.
He's got his hands you anyway.
He's got a tan.
He's wearing an olive green kind of a tweet.
Nice going, screwing up the line up.
By the way, Greg Boyer really messed up.
But at least we can all have about a three-year when everything settles out.
You know, it's like evening out now.
Nice job.
Messed up the midday, messed up the Humper Boy.
Humper's having nervous breakdown.
We made both crope before the end of the year.
Hank and me.
Thanks to the stress.
But haven't I swicken anyway, Greg?
It's just happy anniversary.
Yeah.
By the way, ask him if he ever paid Norm.
Yeah, on the way he goes.
He goes.
He goes.
Like Jackie Glees now.
Way he goes.
Yeah, right out the door.
I bet he never did pay him.
Suizaz Norm, okay?
I'm thinking about it.
Let's just Suizaz.
Watch all the rest of us here fall out.
He's always busy suing everybody else.
Let's start suing him.
Okay, that's what sounds like good idea to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, he's a real clown.
You know what?
Any real comedian?
Got some balls.
He won't take the effort to like, fax me a note, you know?
Like a heartfelt note.
And you want to know why?
Because it's not heartfelt.
Because he's heartless and cruel.
A manipulator.
A master manipulator.
Saturday March 1st is Niels 27th anniversary on here, Miami.
How long have you been listening?
We asked on our website today here, wadges.com.
164 votes.
That's not too exciting.
Well, I mean, they're not even votes.
They're just responses.
That's all.
Why would anybody not respond on this?
Okay, not that it's a sexy and exciting.
It's kind of self-serving.
And you know what?
Too bad.
Don't you deserve to be a little self-serving on your own
anniversary?
You deserve it.
I, Frey, African thing.
Over 10 years, 45.
And now it's changing again.
Damn it.
Yeah, I hate it.
185 votes.
I think that's what it just had.
Over 10 years, 52.
Over 15 years, 39.
Since QAM, five years, 30, which I'm sure includes those
of six Julios, the curse over 20 years, 25,
a couple of years, 18, all 27 years, 17.
Oh my God.
That just shakes me to my core, you know what?
All 27 years, 17, which means 16 plus me,
less than a year, two and less than six months, two.
You should point those out to Mr. Haircutter.
When you see him in a hallway,
staggering up against the wall there.
He pretends he's staggering, but he's got his ear to the door, you know,
monitoring game like the Water Nasi.
5670560, I want to see every line lit up on here,
at least once right now.
This is my 27th anniversary on here, at least fake it, okay?
See, this is the problem.
If it was Lardass, of course, he's on 600 stations all over the world,
but if it was Lardass on there,
did it, did it, did it, yeah,
what the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck they all be,
whatever, goose stepping right in line.
And free republic.com and newsmax.com and all those red,
right wing websites.
Oh yeah, let's have a big tribute for Russia.
It's his birthday. He's got his hearing back, you know,
he's pontificating.
He's spouting a bunch of crap.
We love him.
Not this crowd, not in his town, man, not in South Florida.
I could have been a contender, baby.
I could have been something.
And I got Norma Kent.
Oh, we're a Saul Fouce, what I mean.
That was the turning point in my life when Saul Fouce went to jail.
Have I said them any times before?
Yeah, he said it a few.
Let me say it again.
That was the turning point in my life when my former agent Saul Fouce
got greedy and went to jail.
The only good part of it is he ripped off sunny fox.
That was good.
And then of course I met Mithersh.
Here's the call from Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil, happy anniversary buddy.
Thank you so much, Coral Springs.
I have been listening since,
figuring 85, 86 miles at a freshman in high school.
Right.
When it was kind of like tab, I remember it was like,
you know, there was a few of us,
we always listened to you on the way,
our little headsets on the bus, and we're like,
well, did you hear what Neil said?
Did you hear what Neil said?
And there was some sort of...
And you just said, you don't want to radio, right?
What's that?
Neil just said,
asshole on a radio and all the kids were giggling.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
It was the coolest thing.
And then I think you didn't...
When did it, is it that you officially,
like, came out of the closet, basically?
No, it was here.
That was December 76.
Was it?
No.
Well, maybe you did it again later on,
but I remember it was just like this big news.
It was like, hey, you can do your escape, I'm like,
you know, and it was like the weirdest thing
because it was like all of a sudden,
it was like taboo to be the guy who listened to you in high school.
Oh, yeah.
And I kept listening, so it cares, you know?
You're gay.
And I got to say the best radio ever.
I think it was IOD when it was...
I think it was Rick and Susan Morning followed by,
once they either you or Phil Henry in that order, one of the two.
Right, following me and then Phil.
We, so yeah, I used to listen to all of the shine hours of that.
That was the best radio in the history of it.
That's right.
That will never, you'll never have that again,
maybe you'll never hear that again.
Hey, do you know what ever, like, happened to Rick and Susan?
Are they ever going to come back on the air?
Uh, Susan's listening right now,
and I'm sure he'll call into with me happy anniversary,
and Rick is just a being an asshole, you know?
Yeah, well, that's kind of Rick and I.
They're on the beach, which is very sad,
but you look at a lot of the other crap that's on the air in this market,
and they're on the beach because, you know,
a cheap channel screwed him over,
and who else are they going to go to work for?
There's nobody left.
All right, sucks.
That's what, Neil.
Thank you for all the good years and fun, man.
You keep it up, stay healthy, and stay on the air, buddy.
Thanks for the man, Riesman.
All the best, bud.
By the way, since it is my 27th anniversary,
I want to come out of the closet today and announce that the...
You're gay.
Yeah.
Huh?
Well, I mean, I think after all of these years,
don't you think that's a good idea?
Sure.
I should write the book now.
I think that's a good time for me to write the book.
Excellent time.
While you can still promote it.
I'm so nauseous from all of the stuff that have pent up inside, you know?
Much of it about Greg.
That would be several chapters about Greg and QAAM,
but I mean, so much more about other stuff.
And the silly people that I've encountered
and the frustrations aside,
it really is.
I mean, the bank thing, people think I'm joking.
The bank thing, taking that money to the bank every 10 days,
or 15, whatever the hell it is, twice a month.
That's great.
That's what's going to enable me to get my freedom
in a couple of years, whatever the hell it is,
three years, four, whatever it is.
Less than four.
That's one thing you can be sure.
It's less than four.
But the rest of it, the frustration of try to like
in God's waiting room is a list of the response.
And I'm sitting here talking about people being
responsive, like those right wingers.
I mean, we're the opposite of the spectrum.
We got the most passive people on the face of the globe.
The only people who are really responsive on this show
are the ones that we don't want to talk to.
Why?
Why?
In local town.
Here's the fourth radio 560,
she's UAAM.
Not, but not C.
Oh, da da da da da.
Da da da da da da da.
Da da da da da.
Da da da da da da da da.
I am Moha with the day that is encrypted and I'm anxious.
All over my old face I'm moving red is purple days.
I don't know why they hate me.
All why they always hate me.
It must be because I got this blue and red is purple days.
A laser bomb on my arm like a ramic now he map a locker watch.
I got veins on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes
I wear pentehose.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs.
Am I as wrong keep on smoothing shade to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him.
I can go through a surgeon but that gives me the shivers.
I wouldn't want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I get him a favor now he can afford to eat.
The reason I dismiss that stick and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up
and he can't play conaster.
Hey, somebody talk over there.
Nobody talk from the rat.
I rap ten you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit.
I ain't no square.
I'm a ding dong daddy man.
I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want.
I don't care.
But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here while we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool life since good is in genders.
With my paladin cut him placing bets on the gents.
In paradise.
Paradise I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
Go go go go.
I'll be sure but not just screw kids when I get the chance.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Get the calling complete.
It was just a little thought.
So what I left this day.
I get it.
That's funny one.
I'm not gonna sell it buddy.
I can do what I want.
My commandment loves me.
Can I tell you something?
Oh, something you ought to know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight towel.
Now we have straight.
Hell no.
Who?
What do you do?
I won't take no for an answer.
Get out of here.
But it's not you.
Get out of here.
But I bet since.
I put the door door.
Since.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
Put the door.
10, 18, 5, 60 WQM.
So the Iraqis now say that they're going to destroy.
The more than 120 else to move to surface to surface
missile that we were so concerned about because they
went 15 miles more than they had agreed to.
So now they say we're going to destroy them.
We say too bad we don't care.
It's all potatoes.
See, a lot of these idiots out there don't understand
they know it wouldn't make any difference
what they said.
Right.
If all of a sudden they had this huge press conference
over the weekend they said, OK, guess what we just found?
You know they have to find some way to be clever about it.
But guess what we just discovered?
And here's all this anthrax and here's
all this smallpox and bachelors and here's a whole bunch
of other crap and here's whatever we got.
And they destroyed it right out there in public.
Of course you probably have to be pretty careful.
But nevertheless, it wouldn't make a better difference
that this die has been cast, baby.
We're going in.
We're dropping a big one.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't want to get worked up about it.
Here's a call from Parkland.
Hello.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you, sir.
I've been listening to you for 12 years.
And it's been great.
You're the only connection I have with AM radio
and you're called in Florida anymore.
Now that I have an XM radio,
I don't listen to anything else but you.
Thank you.
And thanks for all.
And by the way, I wanted to say that George is great
even though I hate him.
OK.
He'll take it.
No question.
He'll take it.
Yeah.
That was a little bit of a backhand of covelin.
He hates you like poison but you're great.
I don't feel bad or a lot of people feel that way about me.
I don't feel bad.
A lot more people hate me like poison
than ever consider care about you.
You're small potatoes.
No question.
I'll tell you one thing.
If the people who hated me like poison
when they get the diaries, if they would put it down,
you'd be amazed the numbers we could have had on this show.
When he shared that when a station had an audience
back before we became radio-ish.
No, no, seriously.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
Take a look at the poll, Mr.
I'm laughing because it's funny.
Take a look at the survey.
I know.
235 votes less than a year,
two and less than six months, three people.
But listen, that's five people.
Basically, you have no new audience.
We have no new audience
because new audience doesn't come in biosmosis
and younger audience don't come in biosmosis.
So instead of sitting here with your,
I know you mean well, Clarence,
but instead of sitting here with your little calculator
and all your fingers and all your numbers,
that's great.
But stop and think about it.
Where does the audience come from?
Do they fall out of the sky?
Do they multiply?
Do we have people with sandwich boards even out there?
We have nothing.
Here was the big change.
A year ago, here's the whole thing with a morning show
and Greg got that out of shape and
D-fo went to jail and all this other crap went on.
And so then we had the big turn over there.
We had 15 different varieties of the morning
of the worst team.
Then Moe comes to town for better or worse or whatever was.
And where's all the promotion?
I go from 10 to 2 to 9 to 1.
We get the mad dog and their Hank goes back to his old slot 3 to 7.
You're making a major change there.
Where was the campaign?
How does the public know about these things?
Huh?
By osmosis.
That's how they're supposed to find out about it.
About part of these things.
Right.
We do board.
Because we work for a bunch of cheap bastards
who don't want to give two nickels
so that we can go out there and promote anything.
And don't tell me about all the money they're paying me
because I'm making them a lot more money
than they're paying me.
Believe me.
A crap load.
They're Schmidt load.
God, they just frost my ass.
Pennywise and pound foolish.
Stumpman says Blake offered $10,000 to kill.
A second witness at Robert Blake's preliminary hearing on murder charges
is testified the former Barrettistar was shopping for someone to kill his wife.
Hollywood Stumpman Gary McCarty said the actor offered him 10 grand to be a hitman
to pop Bonnily Bacley while she slept or outside a restaurant.
Oh, while she slept or outside a restaurant.
Defense attorney Thomas Misuro Jr.
vigorously attacked the credibility of McCarty
who was once investigated in a fatal shooting that was ruled self-defense.
His checkered past also includes drug use
and involvement in the accidental Twilight Zone movie deaths.
An earlier witness retired police detective William Welles said Blake spoke of a plan to
whack Bacley.
I think you're right.
She had to come in.
I'm against violence and stuff like that and certainly gets murdered.
Right.
In her case, huh?
He deserves whatever's coming to him, but that was coming to her.
I think we're going to force him to retire in Florida.
Oh, as long as he promises to listen to this show,
that's the way to get into the listener.
Like go to like Jasmine Kay will get the jailbirds.
Here's the fact that says 20 years ago,
a secretary I worked with told me how she was losing sleep because she became so
aggravated with this talk show host Neil Rogers.
She was losing sleep.
I tuned in at WKAT that I'd have been listening ever since I was there for Dr. Dunn.
My lips are turning blue, Dr.
was that was one of my great moments.
I was listening during Zeta and the bird days remember your stroke on the air when you've
got Winnie and Tiny.
You signed pictures for me at the Bizarre.
31st and open one of those pictures in our office bathroom.
No constipation in that room.
The ultimate lineup was Rick and Suds Uncle Neil Phil Henry.
The best bits were Neil Headroom,
Gurpenders and Condoleezza.
Won't be here now.
No more sweetheart.
Condoleezza.
Just this one extra special day.
Can you play young Neil says Darren?
Hope this request doesn't spoil my credibility.
Love your show.
Love you.
Love you.
Like Jim but not quite as much.
Say Darren.
I take a perfect day for young Neil.
Okay and then no problem with it.
Long.
Yeah.
Here's one that says Neil God happy 27th anniversary from your friends at Custom Design Trust.
Oh yeah including here he butts at old Richard Dick Head.
Very cute.
They're pouring in baby and even Greg Reed stuck his head into it.
Now Decarles close it or fast enough or not.
No, Mr. He didn't get it that much.
Oh boy what I love to have that severed head.
Greg in a box.
When you love to see that head that brings head in the box.
I know we can do it a better haircut.
5 6 7 0 5 6 to hear is a lady in Weston.
Hello.
Hi Neil happy anniversary.
Thank you.
I've been listening to you for 13 years.
Oh my god.
And my husband and I love your show.
And I want to tell you this little story that happened to me last night with my seven year old son.
When I got home last night I said you know I'm passing how Mr. Rodgers said died.
And my seven year old son said Neil Rodgers look so long.
And I said no honey not Neil Rodgers Mr. Rodgers and he goes who's that.
How do you like that?
I looked at my husband and I said isn't there something wrong in this picture.
Shouldn't he know when Mr. Rodgers is?
I'm dying over here.
I'll be on the grocery Neil.
We'll be right back.
Thanks.
Bye.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Yeah.
And you know you made light of Mr. Fred Rodgers dying his death.
I thought that was terrible on your part.
Where did I do it?
No modern child knows who that is.
Really?
Really?
I don't want that shows not on anymore.
I don't think it is.
Let's see Pete wants to know if I'll do it.
Yeah no problem.
Pete, anything for you, Pete.
Lenny before you leave and go to Phoenix.
Where's he leaving for?
Phoenix.
That's gotta be.
That's one of the classic stories of Greg Reed.
Man, he gets an anonymous letter unsigned from some of those.
A one sentence, you know,
starts a rumor about Pete Lenny and right away he's calling him in and wants to talk to him.
Greg, you gotta take some doggy downers, man.
You gotta calm down.
We understand that you're in the land of the lost.
Phil says happy 27th anniversary can't imagine radio without Neil Rodgers.
Oh, God.
You're the best.
Yes, I am Phil.
Wishing you many, many, many more great years.
I'll also speak in a Phil, our good close personal friend.
Are you sure?
Not really.
Phil Henry.
His numbers went and in spite of that IOD big, big, big, big trend,
right and all the right.
Right now I go from Dylan Point.
So a ghost to show you had nothing to do with talent, nothing to do with good shows.
It had to do with right wingers, skinned the diaries and a lot of Julio's,
which I guess I'm being redundant.
That radio mom B, that WAQI's here.
That's scary.
That is really rude.
Tragedy.
When are you older Julio's gonna get with the program, huh?
When are you young Julio's gonna say, hey, guess what, mama?
Mama Cita and pop-up, poppy, whatever the hell you're calling.
I poppy.
Yeah, I poppies.
That's what the Turks are saying.
That's why we gave him the $32 billion.
I poppies.
Oh, why do you have to bring that up?
I'm sorry.
It's the Turk.
I'll have Agita.
He's good in matters with the knife and the, I wonder,
but only matter.
The Turk is this.
1026 is 560 WQAM.
You mark my words, man.
These people are finally gonna start catching on.
Gonna put that large ass right where he belongs and he old...
Prapper.
Or not.
Who cares, you know?
Just keep the checks coming Greg.
Put that little swig a lot in there.
And I'm always sweet art.
Do you think he paid the norm?
Hey, let me tell you right now, a big night coming up Monday.
Well, then we got the weekend, of course.
First, let's take care of that.
You got harness racing Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday,
Saturday at Pompedo Park.
And this coming Monday night, March 3rd,
mark it down on your calendar right now.
Mark it on your coalander.
Because it's free spaghetti dinner night at Pompedo Park.
Isn't that what you get to take the water out with a coalander?
Or, of course, one of those new pots that's got the holes in it.
For 14 easy payments of $29.95.
No better deal than all the software
than free spaghetti dinner night at Pompedo Park.
All you have to do is buy Pompedo Park for
Remnest Monday, March 3rd.
And you'll get a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner
at the 4th floor players lounge.
Dinner includes rules and butter salad, a heaping plate of pasta and marinara sauce
that can't be beat with a stick, baby, with your walking stick, with your walker.
Don't miss it.
And coming up next Friday, March 7th, a week from tonight,
Pompedo Park presents the only horse racing firework stuncho in the entire world
is Australian Vince Silvestro, the power technique wonder from down under.
This is amazing, hot to try at firework stuncho.
Watches this crazy yossi stands on the shaft of his race bike,
holds the reins in his teeth, and while his super horse, Hanby Silver,
races around the track and vents shoots up more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks.
It's a show you must see to believe it goes on outside, by the way, don't worry.
Pompedo Park, like I said, great racing five nights a week,
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
And, of course, the big spaghetti dinner free night on this coming Monday, March 3rd.
Free general parking, free admission, every afternoon evening,
and sun all casting from all over North America every day starting at noon,
seven days a week.
Pompedo Park on Powerline Road,
one block south of Atlantic Boulevard and prestigious Pompedo Beach.
My, I love this is 420560,
you weigh it in weigh.
Now, back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host,
six-year-old Neil Rogers.
Okay, I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Who wants to take some calls?
Pauline, hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I cancel my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
Uh, the good old DNC.
What an abortion that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise,
and they said, now my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil?
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniff and bed wetter at a pansy.
Great call.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
Then let's make it off.
What a mong brain.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the list show.
And this guy called me named.
She'm on you, sir.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you tackling about eggs?
This is my son.
A million producers in the world and they stick me in here with an egg.
Shack is my car.
You're in the castle.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
You're used to be such a nice boy.
Come out, you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't share it off.
You can't share it off.
I don't need this.
Offers from other stations.
Capavia, El Mara, Fredonia.
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque, sub-human, dude bag.
Unbelievable.
Geneva, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I have to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Well, it's nothing to do.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I wasn't anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right, and do we be true in two?
Oh, shut up.
A girl pathetic.
And if you think he's bad now, wait until he has a bad name.
Oh, boy.
Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
Oh, we're gonna have the creator of Rudy Kazoodi.
I have no idea who it was because the crawled ass went by and CNN.
Yeah, he died.
That's a lot of time.
At the age of 85, Rudy Kazoodi never heard of it.
Oh.
Well, you must have heard this story from yesterday.
Lightning puts hole in when you're playing carrying jet-bush to Orlando.
Nope.
Didn't see that?
Nope.
Governor, jet-bush is playing with struck by lightning as a travel from telehassy to Orlando yesterday.
Don't say anything smart here now.
We don't want the secret service knocking on your door.
The strike put a hole in one of the beach-capped king Eras Wains,
but none of the seven people on board were injured, said Ali Farrage, a sprochewon for the governor.
Aliyah.
The twin engine plane which seats up to 10 people landed safely in Orlando.
The governor went to staff then took another plane to Miami Beach,
where Bush's schedule included a meeting with Manuel Angel Nez Soto,
the governor of the state of Hidalgo in Mexico.
That's Manuel Angel Nez Soto.
Speaking of the Miami Beach Convention Center, Bush commented on the lightning strike.
The weather's very bad between here at telehassy, said we got hit by lightning and put a hole
in the wing apparently, but we landed without incident.
As they were scared, the governor said with a smile, no, I wasn't scared.
Aliyah, on the other hand, was frightened, paralyzed.
No.
Huh.
Maybe it was a message, you know?
Remember Joey Zaza?
Maybe it was a message from...
Oh, God.
Here's the fact, it's happy 27th anniversary.
You were a littlest bastard many more, and it's got a happy face on the bottom,
and the mouth on a happy face looks like a hockey stick maybe.
Okay.
Kind of sort of.
I just might imagine it, I'm sure it's not.
That must be the one from Craig, huh?
It says you were a littlest bastard.
Maybe it's thrown from Rimmer.
Yeah.
56705, and how have we had Jeff Cohen ponytail call here today?
No.
I think he's a scared to call.
Now see, he's invited to call on the day it's my 27th anniversary, as opposed to
calling him to use me for his own selfish purposes, like two days in a row there.
Okay, I found the V.
Hey, how close is Claire?
No, no, seriously, that was outrageous.
Even you agreed with that, you said, well, what a...
What a...
Exploid of Ju U-sider, something like that.
Of course, you say that about everybody.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Thanks.
It's Woody.
It's who?
Wasn't that Woody?
It's a Woody sound alike.
What's his name?
I'll get it in a second.
It's a chronic...
Yeah, no doubt it.
He was okay.
He was being, you know, in spite of having no vision, no doubt, whatever.
He was being...
I think that was Dan Worthhiver.
Oh, it was, and I hung up on him.
Good, nice move, Neil.
Thank you.
Now go write some letters to the editor
about Casino Gambling's stand.
Here's Robin who says,
happy anniversary, Neil.
I started listening to you during Gulf War number one,
and I was hooked.
I went to one of your appearances at Plantation Mall
and had to get really stoned before I wanted to meet you
because I was so nervous.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Well, why would that be?
Well, it would...
It's like those people think what I used to do
with those appearances, they'd come there
and I'd be screaming and bitching people out.
It's a radio show.
I'm a pussycat, baby.
I'm just a old, softly man.
Let's take a look at it if you can see it.
Then I went to another person's at Pizza Lots.
See, there's another plug for you.
Jeffy, though, you're not going to call her
wish me happy anniversary.
You miserable.
I think George was right.
And got a picture with you that I have,
has lived on my refrigerator ever since.
But I must begin a little moldy by now.
Thanks for the years of education.
And last, when you retire, the very last good thing
in software that goes with you.
Love you, Robin.
PS, my bitch mother-in-law hates you so much.
That's one more great thing.
Well, guess what?
What?
Let's give a special shout out to her mother-in-law.
That's fucking bitch.
Yeah.
Thanks, Robin.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
As we celebrate, Neil's 27th anniversary,
I understand it's not a very big number.
And here, I'm always disappointed every year at this time.
Except the 20th and the 25th.
And then if I make it to the 30th, you know,
because there are even numbers.
I mean, Rick Shaw has been on here over 40 years
continuous in his market.
He's the only one who's been around longer than I have.
And I tip my cap to Ricky Tiki.
Have you ever not always said that?
Yeah.
What good point I have it?
Maybe even Hill called today.
He's been nice enough to call to be now and then.
Yes, he has.
What was the last time he called?
What was that about?
About a couple of years ago.
No, no, it was not a couple of years ago.
It was a couple of years ago.
A few months ago.
Not for this late.
He's a good guy and his own bizarre way.
I like Ricky Tiki.
He's all right.
The cap is a little still and then so is the music
and magic, so it fits right in.
Magic had a good trend, by the way.
Did they?
I don't know why.
Must be a finally that build me a buttercup by the finally caught on.
Built them up by the foundations.
Here's a call from Cooper City.
Hello.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thanks.
27 years.
I've been listening to you 17 out of 27.
That's for a lot.
That's about half my life almost.
Incredible.
Yeah, it is incredible.
I think in back from Chuck Myers to
a micrinary, the Chuck Meyer coffee cups and the Wonder Mugs.
The Wonder Mugs.
The Wonder Mugs from Allen Del.
I actually, I actually darkened your throat.
I actually darkened your door one time in the acres
when you had a bug problem.
I dropped up that big can of a bug juice.
You were having a big problem.
I was years ago.
Jesus Christ.
It was pretty good though.
It tasted a little funky at first,
but it went down pretty easy after that.
You listen, people you don't like just came a little squirt in the eye
in the big arrow.
Squirt?
It's unbelievable.
But listen, may you only live to see another 27 years?
Not on the radio, but just enjoy yourself.
And I tell you, you really bright my day and you're okay.
And I do remember a couple of remote,
especially when it charcolled.
That was 100 years ago.
You're hard for this?
Yeah, I remember it when the crowd pushed the guy with the eyes out
the door.
That's right.
That's right.
I'll remember that.
That was a great occasion, obviously.
On university drive.
Okay, Migo, thanks for the memories.
Nailed you the best.
Thanks.
Stop by Verizon, wireless deceptive,
and five to six at 6989 Westbroward Volvart in plantation.
Win some crappy QAM prizes and register when tickets
are upcoming Florida Marlins home game.
Keep it lovely Miguel.
Get a little squeeze.
And then join your costella five to seven to seven,
if known that Armstrong toad of homestead.
Stop by to win tickets to the Toyota Indy 300 and Cain's tickets.
Plus, you're a free food from Atlantic City Sub's
where our end of red make the difference.
And maybe get the inside story on Brittany and the toilet seat.
My life and lo-ho.
This is 440-0-60.
Well, I hate what you're doing on QAM.
Put that bag it back on again.
I'm out once they had the four.
These are my kind of guys.
Where the hell are they doing anyway?
If the man we sounded guys really gay,
I want more at risk for cost-boys to feel high.
When I listen to the sports,
a manly voice won't get my attention.
But we're really good to be said for the shorts.
A squeaky high voice will give me an erection.
But I hate what we're doing on QAM.
Put that bag it back on again.
I'm going to miss here at straight men with voices this high.
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again.
So I can impress all the module friends.
And check out Chris Morett and I to help the panel decide.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having modules for it's guys.
His voices hasn't cracked since they were 12 years old.
Yeah, I can't neglect that.
Yes, stand up, re-close to the radio and press it down.
Get their voices on up there really makes my balls think bogey.
Is that chrome man?
Well, he's harder than my infrared brother.
Yup.
I like dick a lot.
Well good for you congratulations.
1047 at 560 QAM I was reaching back on the fastest.
That Johnny Decipp, who are you fast man?
Huh?
Johnny Decipp, no I was reaching for Johnny Decipp.
Who is that?
And Rika.
Okay well it's so black.
And Rika never looked darker than that.
Well could be Johnny Decipp.
Well, now where did that come from?
Miguel.
I was hoping.
I was hoping it was the real thing and Rika loved it sure.
Oh yeah, he does.
More than Miguel does here in Tia.
What's Miguel sticking his nose in there?
Something to do.
You know why?
You know the answer to that.
Just stay away from Doreen.
Don't blame him.
Good choice.
So anyway, let me just point this out to you.
I was just thinking about this during
and of course the first day on the QAM which came about with great difficulty
because of absolute management and competence
and engineering psychosis.
You know we can laugh about it now.
Oh, what a manager that was.
That had to take months maybe a year or two off of each of our lives.
Yeah.
Not mentioning the fact that Norma can't want to put a gigantic tumor decisive
of a bowling ball in the stomach and we thought we were going to lose him.
Remember that?
Right.
Nianjo practically pulling an all-nighter from 9 o'clock until the show came
on the next morning just to have some drops in the DCS.
Oh.
And a bit.
Unbelievable.
Yeah because they had the equipment coming like the night
the balance of the equipment the most important part
the days before we went on the air and the last part of the DCS came in like the day before
from Philadelphia.
Right.
From another one of their so-called stations.
But anyway take a look at this 334 votes.
How long have you been listening to the show?
Less than a year five, less than six months three.
Okay, there's eight.
Now over the five years that we've been on this station
how many people do you think would just like ballpark have called in and said
hey Nianjo I just want to let you know I'm getting out of this toilet and I'm
moving to San Antonio I'm moving here I'm moving somewhere.
Since we've been to QIM.
Right.
Uh 200.
Hundreds.
Yeah.
Hundreds.
And we've replaced them in the last year with eight.
Here's San Antonio.
Hey happy anniversary son.
Thank you sir.
Yeah I started listening to you and I was living in Naples and I'll never forget
I was in the truck with my brother.
And I'm sniffing around there on the AM band.
And we click into you and we're in Naples and we're barely getting you from Miami.
And my brother goes oh my god who is that that's you it is bad.
Happy bad man.
Oh man so he makes Howard Stern look like a lightweight.
Uh huh.
There's no pounds on Howard.
Yeah.
About three years later I moved to Texas I started listening to you on a lot
well not listening to you online but listening to the archives.
And I think about three or four months ago they stopped doing that.
They're back.
I can't uh man I can't listen to you during the day I'm working but I'm moving back to
to South Florida so I'll catch you again.
Oh my god.
Wow why are you doing that?
My mom's sick.
Oh sorry.
But I can't mad I'm going to tell everybody when I get back.
I said you got to listen to this dude he's unbelievable.
That's your assignment man when you come back we were counting on you.
I'm your personal personal publicity stunt man.
Okay Miko thanks a lot we'll see you on the link in the description.
With a sandwich board.
Here's the facts Neil happy 27th at University of University of New England since
it was Craig in the morning and Neil and after on WKAT.
You and time I've ever called us when you head on your only good guest Bill
Crosford Rustin piece what a great guy he was.
Bill Crosford died I don't know was he even 30 he was like in his early 30s
yes diabetic wasn't taking care of himself on one day uh Bill Crosford died what yeah
I mean you talk about a big fan of mine and he even need a special occasion to write an article
about nearly wrote one some big piece about my UM baseball broadcasts and he just he just was in
love with this show he got it he understood it as opposed to the stiffs that we have in town now
who are supposed to be writing about radio who don't even own one
like Tom jica and Kevin Bastard and Jim Sarni oh my god they're even making
Barry Jackass look better which is almost impossible Barry by the way Barry's
quid brown bagging that people are starting to talk it's still a pleasure to listen
you and Craig to all these years later may you have many more and Craig where were they
listening to Craig to see on somewhere I don't know light bulb did that that that
faxer uh say that he was at the big party and that was a reunion right David R the guy who
comes to raid when you want to find stuff on the internet okay thanks David oh I know who
better now they look at the name on the thing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
a eight t and t and forizer wireless one that last guy from San Antonio he and many others
we're gonna have to put you in charge of our promotional campaign now what was muck you
me all that crap about the billboards he emailed me what they look like and the only problem
even told me where one was which I mentioned yesterday if I were coons for it used to be
and uh can we say that coons for it I don't think so no no more oh and uh nothing three
they're not up or nobody has seen one or they're just making it up maybe it's another lie you don't
think that they would lie QAM do you huh no you don't think that Greg would make these stories
up just to pacify us oh god here's a lady in Cooper City hello good morning and happy happy
thank you so much I've I've been listening to you since um the day to day and so I did
had the pleasure of meeting you yours before that when you were a K T I was um the n8th grader at
nautilus junior high school and um I was invited to be on your show with um what was her name
Lynn light little light yes and those were such embarrassing shows and there were terrible shows
well I don't know if my show that I was on with you was terrible I don't mean the kids
are you a cock at it she used to have us talking about yeah well I wasn't it that she was
if I remember really into like um what is it um abortions or or answer yes she was yes she was
into um what is big the group call oh god I can't even think now now no it's the where you go to
get you can get you know contraceptives and oh plant parenthood thank you well I'm having a
senior moment there right on parenthood and um I guess we were just there was a bunch of you know
teenagers talking about and how they felt about you know sex and things like that so I was on
with you back way back then but have been an avid fan and loved you you know since you know the
day to day since you know I I became a reasonable semi adult here right yeah and I just wish you
all the best and I was starting here about your dog too thanks a lot sweetheart have a really really
great day you too okay bye bye see wasn't she nice a sweetheart she was sure a lot nicer than that
bitch that cost to tell us how to do the show and we ought to do 30% this and 80% I'm gonna do whatever
the high want to do honey okay for that other bitch that called the other day that really just
sets me off if she wants me to go back and do the light bulb talking and so we can have like a point
three share believe me we're well on our way honey it's an entertainment show and we'll still
interfere some stuff for example support for Bush's reelection falls below 50% oh stuff like that
and all you uh right wingers out there all you uh diddleheads who can't think for yourself
have a good time okay make up stories about rush limbo you're listening to 12 hours a day like the
whole day was do with stations like they used to do in the old days when at one station was a
daytime stay when they put down in the diaries they were listening at night when they weren't even on
the air to when you deal with fanatical people that's a problem our audience I mean you know they're
loyal and they with us a long time that's great but they're not as fanatical as the people on the
opposite side of the political spectrum if I use that term loosely the percentage of registered
voters who say that was important president bush in 2004 fell below 50% for the first time
according to a new CNN USA they gallop pool which finds more merkins concerned about the economy
two thirds of those responded to the pool released yesterday to scrap current economic conditions
as poor a 10% increase since December optimism about the future the economy also dropped 10 points
during that time ask their choice for president 47% of the registered voters pool said they would
support bush in 2004 compared with 51% in December about 39% they'd support the democratic candidate
and of course we're not even talking about a name you know what I'm saying so for anybody it's still
47 to 39 a rubber chicken right still a majority of those pool 57% said they approved of the way
bushes handling the job of president that's the lowest rating for the president since the 9-11 how
do you like that so there's some hope out there a little slow they're finally catching on
think it what it's all about an equipping police firefighters and ampies to prepare and respond
to potential terrorist attacks all right see there you go let's see a kneel to the ratings factor
when listeners who tune in over the internet no I mean it could be local listeners and all the
pens that who's got the diary that's all no matter where you listen to be interesting to find out
how many people do listen on the internet I think we'll take that pool one day next week okay
something like that don't you think I've got you everybody voting everybody voting what
no I'm just kidding like everybody would voting would be listening on the internet
what you don't understand the question see you're not a pool man mr you just don't know you're full
I was making a deal wake me up in the morning you were well-cretched in the eyes
yeah
all right
Why did you work in my world with a darling male with the data for our five dials?
Oh, with it!
We're all male, male, and three!
We're all male, male, male, and three!
We're all male, male, male, and three!
We're all male, male, male, and three!
See, I know what's revolutionary, but how about something like bumper stickers, huh?
Bumper stickers, huh?
You start, let me get in.
We even had bumper stickers on a cat on K2, we used them.
We used them to have bus signs on K.
He catched the cat with a CBS eye on a cat.
Oh my god.
How about bumper stickers, huh, Greg?
Maybe even Georgia will pay for it.
Five and a local, this is five-six-y.
The radio's on yours now.
Q&A!
Friday, you bastard!
Raise with a wiggle, with a wiggle, and I walk.
Raise with a wiggle, and I walk.
Wallet is love, it is Lewis and his pony tail.
That's the beautiful me panel that's wave with a wiggle when he walks.
Wallet is love, booty, braver and his pony tail.
That's the beautiful me panel that's wave with a wiggle when he walks.
Wallet is love, booty, braver and his pony tail.
Really not key, not my key.
It's a nice idea, when it's nice act, it makes it look so sweet.
What is love, it's death, and the pony tail.
That's the beautiful me panel that's wave with a wiggle when he walks.
Waves with a wiggle, and the wiggle when he walks.
Waves with a wiggle when he walks.
Waves with a wiggle.
Love it all three of five, 60 WDQ.
Woody, great version of the line, which we'll get to Woody in a second,
but first we better take that one and line two.
Oh, they disappeared.
What one?
How about that?
I even told all of them to put them on next.
The one in Hollywood that said he had a billboard sighting him.
I'm going to put them on immediately if not soon or anybody else.
I tell you, I think it was bogus.
Maybe it was like a virgin marriage study.
Moth making up a phony call.
There are no billboards.
He was talking about the same one that you mentioned, the one in a boy talking about it.
Here's Woody, hello.
Hey, Neil, congratulations at the anniversary.
Thanks Woody.
See you up on Woody on a ride away, because he might have some good freebies for a someday.
That was a great song about three great guys he just played.
Yeah.
I know the chef Cohen hasn't called in yet.
Well, he will.
He's a great guy.
I really, the people I've met through you and being a part of some of the things that we've done together,
it's been incredible.
You really do draw good people to you.
I'm not going to stop it.
I'm not going to stop it.
I'm not going to stop it.
Can I say that Steve, the term I got in my place,
right now?
Is he really?
He's a great guy.
He is a wonderful guy.
He really doesn't even have a fucking.
Please, I'm not fucking.
But really, Neil, you deserve all the accolades.
I wish you could go on forever.
Yeah.
But I have a way to get out of here.
Okay, thanks Woody.
All right, listen, take care of yourself.
Tell me, Ricky, all is a forgiving thing.
All right, I'll tell him you love him.
Thanks, I do.
Okay, the billboard guy is back.
Thank the Lord.
Hello.
You've walked on the road of your dad phone.
See, there's no billboard guy.
We've lost our audience asshole, except for him.
Don't you understand how stupid that sounds when you asshole is.
I mean, we don't really care, but it's just those stupid.
They've lost all your audience asshole, but this guy's listening and calling.
Was that the same guy that you had on before?
No, I heard his voice.
No, it wasn't.
You know, I'm telling you, I don't want to say that you're a little beener, okay?
But I have, but you are.
I mean, the job you've been doing, taking these calls the last few days.
How's it long as you've been there, Jordan?
On a scale of zero.
I mean, it's just phenomenal.
It's your video.
It's been in radio before, and you know what?
He knows more voice than the rest of the people.
We're just radio-ish.
Well, Chris in Plantations says, best wishes on your 27th anniversary.
He started listening to you in 1974 or 5 on WGNO FM when I first came to Florida.
75, that was right.
Wow.
This could be my longest standing listener, one of those JNO people.
Followed you to KATNWS, WINS, ZEDA, IOD, and QM.
Doesn't seem like 27 years.
Thank you, Chris in Plantation.
That's for you.
Wow.
Hey, Ray Whitney, I'm glad that somebody mentioned this on the FX.
Had a hat trick last night.
His first career hat trick as Columbus won her Game 3-1.
He scored all three goals.
Nice go on, Razor.
Which reminds me, something we haven't said on the show in a long time?
Oh, geez. Where the hell is it, George?
You always put that thing, you know what I always play?
I'm always playing that.
But we never say, Ray Whitney has a pair.
Right.
Yeah, the Panthers could sure use him.
We wouldn't want to have him back or Mike Sylvain's your guys like that.
Or Scott Millenby, no.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't want to get to the Panthers fans any more sour than they are.
They can't stick it in the Atlantic Ocean.
Anyway, Jerry, the Abonion guy.
Yeah.
But he says I remain ponderously tedious in chronic.
So at least he's catching on.
Very sorry to hear about tiny but happy 27th, nevertheless.
Oh, no.
Did you look at the...
Have you got this?
Your copy of this handy?
I threw it away.
I can dig it out.
Oh.
I'm not going to mention none of your because...
Just dig it out and look at where he works.
Now, granted at the one in New York, okay.
But it brings to mind Mitch Hirsch.
It just look at where this guy works.
Oh, yeah.
Look at that.
Ah!
Ah!
Anyway.
Is the dog lover you're familiar with?
The essential services provided by local animal shelters.
Yadiya goes down about...
What is he talking about?
It's fortunate to have been a participant.
Many activities associated with St. Hubert of Madison, New Jersey.
One of the areas most respected and dedicated animal shelters.
My two Aussies, for example, compete on the agility courses.
But they're licensed therapy dogs as well.
I wonder if I could impose upon you to mention the good work provided by this and other similar organizations.
And remind listeners to give generously to the shelter's near communities.
And maybe a quick mention of St. Hubert since your net broadcast is pretty hot.
Thanks in advance.
See you in the other Abuelian family.
And what about that Ray Woodney?
I don't...
I don't get it.
Do you get it?
No.
I mean, we raised a lot of money for animal pet rescue.
Right?
A bandend pet rescue?
And we would have done it again except for the fact that Miguel was too lazy to do the thing in the slides here.
That's pretty embarrassing, you know.
And I think that's another reason that we're like fading from view.
Because we have to do our own promotion.
We don't have any bumper stickers. We don't have any billboards.
The billboard guy was obviously a fake.
There are no billboards.
There are no billboards.
There are no bumper stickers.
There are no CDs.
There are no listeners.
The guy was right. There's no audience.
And we don't care, but there are paychecks.
Here is Jerry and Bonita Springs.
Happy 27th.
I've been listening to you since 1984.
Oh, I spent the winter of 1984 in Key Largo when I first heard you.
I don't remember the station.
1984 would have been the winds, I think.
When the...
Yes, can they?
W-I-N-C?
I don't know.
Move the Tampa 86 later found you at WSUN.
Oh, those were the days, weren't they?
No.
Oh, God.
Those were the great day, the gravy days, the salad days, not at WSUN.
Remember, old Tom Delvita?
I would think so.
Yeah.
What was the time?
I was a geek.
And the Curtis, remember Kurt?
Of course.
Oh, I don't have that on there anymore.
We took that one off of there.
Did we have that on?
No, we don't have the Kurt one on the 360 anymore.
We don't have it period.
How can that be?
I don't know what's gone.
Anyway, found you at WSUN.
I had then went to your appearance with Bob Lasseter at the Peaches and Fowler Avenue in Tampa.
Don't do appearances, but I had to meet you in Lasseter.
Oh, Lasseter.
You won't hear him no more.
And now, living Bonita Springs, I listen to what I can.
I bought a GE Super Radio because SOTS1 said it was the best AM radio he was right.
I received WQM Clear at Home, but it's pretty fuzzy in the car.
Thanks for years of great radio.
It's a gerium Bonita Springs.
Oh!
All right.
Thanks, Geri.
We're just listening to a Super Radio Bonita Springs.
He likes the show.
He's not some kind of a sour push.
He don't have any complaints.
And here's a real nice fact.
Oh, look at that.
Here's Ponytail.
All you have to do is mention his name.
And he's there for another...
How you doing, Jeff?
What's happening, Neil?
Happy anniversary.
Thanks.
What did the Woody Graver call you?
No.
I have my spies.
Yeah, I bet.
Well, I figure you might as well call today and do something for me, now that we did all
a nice favors for you and your furniture and...
Anything you want, Neil.
You'll get one of that hot bag from home.
I'd say, jump, I say, how high.
Fixed up with that hot bag from Erie's Jewelers.
I can't help it if you lost her, but that's the way it goes.
I know.
Of course you hop around.
It doesn't happen.
Like a bumble bee.
You hop around, pollinating from one to another.
Huh.
So what's up, any big plans?
Anything planned for what?
For you, for your anniversary.
Yeah, nice relaxing weekend in Toronto.
Where the sun is shining, it's going to make it all the way up to 34 today.
Oh, that's nice.
It's not shining, that's not too bad.
And then speaking of your good close friend, Rimmer, he's going to be your Sunday, because
the Panthers are going to be in town for Game Monday night.
Well, Tom, I tell you know it's really amazing.
I watched him on a TV broadcast for the first time ever last week.
Yeah.
I didn't realize what a professional the guy is.
I only know him as Jeff that comes to eat here.
You know, I mean, the guy was good.
You know, he told me the same thing.
And you told me the same thing before.
Just keep wanting in mind when it's Rimmer, okay?
If it's free, it's free.
There you go.
No, I have nothing to do with that.
I'm just telling you, I mean, I wish he was a football announcer.
The guy was awesome.
Are you knocking Mo now?
Um, I'm not knocking anybody.
I'm perfectly corrected.
What do you mean by that?
He's not going to give you any plugs?
Rip him an ass.
Rip him an old sorry ass.
He deserves it.
You know, I'm not up that early, so I don't hear his show, so there's nothing I could really comment on.
Yeah, but don't you take your headsets to the dolphin games?
Yes I do.
And?
I listen to Manage.
Okay.
You know, he's great.
You're not a, you're not a Mo man is what you're saying.
I'm a dolphin man.
There you go.
Okay, Jeff, listen to that.
Thanks for the memories.
How's everything?
Business good?
Business is kicking ass.
Allis Hood?
Yes, sir.
You've been in power to his house?
He's over with the Mots of Peeps and Mots of Luzani.
When is that anyway?
Do you know?
Pesa?
Yeah.
Uh, in April sometime.
April.
Okay.
It's coming.
All right, when are you coming?
I mean, when are you coming back to town?
As soon as I can, I'm coming.
Oh, when are my coming back to town sometime in April?
Maybe a Pesa?
There you go.
I'll come by for some Mots of Pizza.
Sounds good.
Okay, Jeff.
All right, Neil, you have a good day.
I'm good.
As I just noticed, they say in China, thank you.
Here's a nice fact.
I beg your pardon?
Don't go taking that breaker read in fact, so yet you got a very,
very important people on line seven.
Oh!
I can't believe it.
It's my close personal friend with a silly cat.
Rick, show up.
How you doing, Rick?
Happy anniversary, Neil.
I hear it.
Here is the Dean of South Florida radio.
I'll never catch you, man.
Well, I'll tell you what, between the two of us,
we got 70 years on the radio in this fight.
Oh, my God.
Thanks for making me feel so old.
Listen, you know, if we had a reunion or a meeting of all of the radio people who listen to you
almost on a daily basis, we could have a pretty large crowd, you know?
Oh, interesting.
I'll bring you to the community.
Yeah.
Of course, you know why?
Why is that?
Because you do great radio.
Well, thank you, Rick.
If I play your shirt, happy anniversary to you.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Take care.
Well, that was almost brought up here to my eye when he said,
It's a lie.
I am not safe.
How do you like that?
Do you think he was serious?
Yeah, of course.
But it was just the way he said it was like almost melodramatic there.
Rick, I would like choked up when he said that.
I thought he was just joking around because you do great radio.
Yes, I do, Rick.
And you used to too when he liked you play good music, but then of course he went to magic.
But he's got to make a living.
He's still pumping off those hits, baby.
Ricky Tickey.
I thought he was a good guy.
I knew he'd call today.
He don't let me down.
That's right.
Anyway, I better do the break because I don't want to...
Because I have some things to say about Pompato Parker.
A nice fact here from Dick and Steve at Pompato.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't let me forget it, see?
Because they're getting sidetracked and they'll think, oh, he forgot about us.
I wouldn't forget about you guys and all those great free meals and all those uncashed tickets.
And Mickey McNichol.
And maybe Mickey McNichol will call into Wish Me I Sure Hope Not.
11-13.
It's this way, Mickey, the finished line's over here, Mickey.
13 past 11 at 5.60 W.M. Now we know that pizza loft is great in Broward County.
Dave County's got a sensational place that's been there for about 10,000 years.
Flores Pizza.
We've been talking about Flores.
In fact, for speaking of being on the year for 27 years, probably almost that long.
Because way back in the early IOD days, even before that, Flores Pizza was a legendary
with us and everybody else.
The freshest, most delicious Italian food in Dave County.
Judy brought us food from Flores when I was down there.
When was it in January?
Something like that.
And it was as good as ever.
Nothing comes out of the can at Flores.
You can tell by that just made fresh taste from the sauce to the freshly made pizza dough
and fresh baked garlic rolls.
They bake them right there on the premises every day at Flores.
The portions are gigantic and they use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody in town.
In fact, you walk out of there looking like a big thing, a big piece of melted-using cheese.
If it's from Flores, you'll be fighting everybody for that last slice of pizza.
They'll take my word for it.
Fight out for yourself.
They're at 731 Northe 79 Street, just off the Skane Bowl bar, where you can call them at 305-758-5350.
When you get your stuff delivered, Flores will deliver from 34th and Viscane all the way to 135th and Viscane.
They'll go to Quasad, Cricket Club, the Jockey Club.
Flores even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue in East of Collins in 71st.
Give them a call.
If you're nice to a little Judy, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials like 1399 for large cheese pie,
a liter of soda and six delicious chicken wings.
Call Flores anytime they're still there to about the only thing left in that part of town,
because it's so damn good, why wouldn't they still be there?
305-758-5351, 305-758-5351, and tell them that old, underline the old part, old and the old-handed to call Flores.
Fight out for yourself.
We're sports radio 5CC, UAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
You're where we tried this before, but it's hard for tomorrow.
Cause the way it looks will fall many days.
Here.
He didn't work with inspectors, so we'll blow the same away.
Here where the state of his foe, it's his funeral,
boxed as foil, he keeps on getting trashed.
8 and it was with inspectors, so we'll blow the same away.
Here we, it is real, when he's the fool, but void and shadow, where he's here lay.
So it's the coming foe, it's his funeral, boxed as foil, he keeps on getting trashed.
Way too long, show up in the sun, and blow off his mustache.
11, 25, 60 WQM, and a sun of China is beautiful in my room here in my studio.
You know, looking outside?
All right.
It is. I like sitting and looking at the sun.
Right now, some days it's been a little on the nippy side.
34 today.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Not too bad.
So anyway, I got this nice facts from Dick Feinberg and Steve Olford Pompadot Park, says,
congratulations on your 27th anniversary.
All of us at Pompadot Park, R.K.R. are proud to be your sponsor since day one, and that is correct.
I arrived in Miami the same time as Alan Thickelson, my late good friend Alan Thickelson, who was one in a billion,
and Pompadot Park was a sponsor in my show from the first day at KAT, and all the way right through the now.
The horses and drivers on the track are now working furiously and arranging a two-seven daily double-night in your honor of your 20...
Of your 27th anniversary.
They can do it, Dick.
Keep up the great work.
And I just want to say this because I don't like to get too mushy and emotional, but...
And I've mentioned this to Fat Rich and the Derek and other people that, you know, I know at the Pompadot Park.
See, back in the Alan Finkelson days, and back in a heyday of harness racing and soft photo when we used to have those gigantic crowds,
and the permutials were, you know, the dog tracks were all open, and the permutials were a whole different ballgame back then.
But Alan J. Finkelson was one like I said in a billion.
And after he passed away, that place, you know, we had successive management and some people came in and did some grotesque things,
and then we had some people that are personality like a dead man, and the place really went south for a while.
And Dick, fine, we're going to Steve Wolf came in and they've been there for a few years now, and they really do a sensational job.
And that place has made a big comeback. We've got great racing, and it's a pleasure to be there.
So congratulations guys. You doing a great job, and keep feeding Fat Rich, please.
And Derek.
Don't be rich too much. He's still alive by the way.
Yep.
Still alive.
Here's to end speaking of that, happy 27th Neo many, many more listening on the Web and lovely frigid Cleveland.
Hope to see you at Northfield Park.
Says Mike and Cleveland speak of harness racing. How do you like that?
Two harness racing facts is back to back.
Northfield Park were Walter cases one to nine in every race.
This way, Walter, over here. He got lost again.
Here's when it says happy anniversary, Neil, from Bill and Pemberg Pines.
Thanks for all the years of entertainment.
Lance, you're the best thing on radio and I'm lucky enough listening to you at work every day.
I'm writing this fax as I spoke of fatty in your honor since I have a good buzz going.
I'd like to request one of the Mickey Mouse bits.
You're the Schmitz, as Bill and Pemberg Pines.
You got it, Bill.
Look at this. I'm sure you saw the story about the clan.
Yeah.
I had seen it, but I forgot to print it out, but somebody said it long. So what now?
Oh, and here's a fax from Boca Oyster, Nick Brian.
Old Oyster, Nick, is going to be sending me for my anniversary.
Another DVD.
DVD.
1950s TV's greatest shows, Life of Raleigh, The Jack Benny Program, Suspense, Burns and Alan Show,
Mr. and Mrs. North, The Avengers, Vosine Herod, Armas Brooks, and Racket Squad.
And if the Life of Raleigh has West Morgan on there back when he was over the age of life, whatever.
Oh, God.
Anyway, don't get started with that. Well, that gave banter.
By the way, God, your fax, everything is taken care of Troy, number 23, Choice Draft, where he puts number 23 on air.
Live it in the past, sweetheart.
Ah, crawled in here on his hands and knees. No problem. Rub him on the ball spot. Got it all straightened up.
I'll give you the gold.
The National Golf Club's policy of all male membership is gained a surprise supporter.
The American White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
All right.
Change, I hope all you people, all you sports nerds on QAM that are always putting down those of us who disagree with the honest issue.
Hope you listen to this very carefully because I think this says it all.
J.J. Harper Imperial Wizard of the Cordell-based KKK Group.
Where would he help Cordell as some little, probably next to a entry?
Yesterday, we requested an application for a permit from the Richmond County Sheriff's Department to protest during the master's tournament.
We are going to stand up for the rights of the Augusta National Tews, whomever they want to choose as a member of their club, Harper's 7 telephone and view Thursday evening.
News of the KKK's involvement brought immediate reaction from the women's pressuring a woman, pressuring the club who invite females, Martha Burke, chairman of the National Council Women's Organizations.
I'm sure the Augusta National welcomes the support of the KKK because they seem better on discriminating against women than any cost you said.
Augusta National should not be shocked by the KKK's endorsement.
They behaved in a manner that attracts this type of support.
And she's right.
She's right.
And if they still wouldn't be letting blacks in their entire woods couldn't play, these same people that are putting down a woman would be screaming bloody murder, man.
They'd be like, ticketing that place, they'd be marching on Augusta.
But because they want it to be a men's club, that's all gay club.
So that's why the mad dog is on there. And just about everybody else on our station, including the mole-meister, silly old mole.
But by the way, just turn 50 out here.
Send the card.
He looks pretty bent.
Yeah, I sent him the same kind of card. In fact, I just signed it back at the 17th, wishing me a happy anniversary.
So here's how our survey is going.
So far, it's not a poll really. It's a survey.
431 in the people on there. How long you've been listening to the show?
Over 10 years, 142.
Over 15 years, 81.
Since QAM, 5 years, 71.
Over 20 years, 53.
A couple of years, 48.
All 27 years, 27.
Oh!
Less than a year, 6 and less than 6 months, 3.
You got those last two combined there, 6 gottery.
Clients came in to say that Hank says happy anniversary.
Thanks, Humper. 6 and 3 equals 3.
Yeah, last time I checked.
Yeah, Hank and I have been working together a long time too.
Sure.
I'm trying to think if Hank was on at the show with, when I was on Larry King's show on IOD.
Because when Bill Carter was working at WIOD, so, you know, King was there in big world.
And King was on at night.
And he used to do these, I don't know, he had me on a couple of times.
And after I came out of the closet on KAT, and he said I'd like to have you on as a guest.
And Sid the Vinc said, sure, go ahead, go on a station that somebody might be able to hear, you know.
But before that, I was on with him, I'm trying to think when.
And the city shy was on there.
All these degenerate gamblers were in there.
Phil Saltsman was on.
How you doing, Phil?
And I'm not sure if Hank was a guest on there or not at that point.
But anyway, Hank of course was on IOD with us until Borgheary decided to play Butch Paws.
See how we survive, Humber?
We survive.
Maybe all these assholes come along, but in spite of them, we still survive.
And we persevere.
That was emotional at Rick Shaw called, you know, and I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again.
Because he sounded like he was serious.
Who was serious?
I know he was serious, but, you know, people just don't usually say that.
People in this business who generally are so critical of each other, you know, ripping each other a big ass.
People that are always going like, I, I, I, I, you're like that.
Oh, it's going to, what comes around goes around Mo.
Okay, don't bask in the glory of that one trend too long, sweetheart.
Okay.
Don't let your hair piece fall off the right side of your head too far.
I think he has taken a little bit of a tilt to the right, you know, to try to get the kneel basher's on there, the limbaugh types.
Maybe that's why he's so much against the women in Augusta.
27 past 11 or maybe just hate swimming.
Hey, homeowners, is there anything worse than venturing out in your backyard for a nice swim?
And then you look at what used to be a beautiful pool and saying, holy crap.
Oh my god.
What happened here?
It stained its dirty, it might be cracking and the pool too.
Well, you don't have to look at that mess one more day, just say no mo, ugly pool.
Do you see that no mo?
I call our friends at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't just pool guys who want to clean themselves off the back of a truck.
I know some guys like that.
Their real construction company uses full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation to hit the pool business, diamond bright.
Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years.
Their license, their insured professionals, they even train other companies all around the globe on how to do diamond brighting right.
And you get the same price that they give to the contractors so why should you get ripped off by those guys with their little pickup trucks.
They serve North Miami Browder Palm Beach called Atlantic Marseille.
And even for a friend of ours down in South-Aid, which usually they don't go to,
Corneds restaurant for they're going to take care of them because they want to take care of our QA and listeners.
North Miami Browder Palm Beach called Atlantic Marseille to the largest installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida.
They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate.
They also do pool undecronevations, custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too.
For the very best called Atlantic Marseille Tool Free, 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright to it right, because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
I'm not alone.
This is full-true, you'll find city.
You way, yeah.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was not right.
You wanted more and you got it.
The bad dog is back, singing more duets on banded scenes.
All you do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Old Number 8 here is back bearing off with the greats singing more, big hits, with even more big stars.
The bad dog does them all.
Baby, everything, I won.
All right.
All right.
All tight.
All right.
All right.
Oh, the battle's back!
It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man.
I like it. I like it.
The truth is finally out that G-Mandage was truly the fifth people.
You gotta give me the love and you give me the love.
If you want to love the land, come to save me.
Now your head's just a-you always hear me say,
You're gonna be on the battleground.
All right, all right.
Here's the mad dog's tender and touching tribute to the king.
Oh, this.
All right!
All right!
There's a friend in the morning anyway.
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
Nah, I don't think so.
So we had Luke the Brotsy.
Fieler is brained or his signature would wind up on their contract.
That's some of the bitch's cute.
All right!
All right!
All right!
And it's him.
How long do you available now if you move quickly?
All right! All right!
All right! All right!
All right! All right!
All right! All right!
All right! All right! All right! All right! All right!
So Carlos, I hate to break the news to you,
but I thought you were there a couple of days ago when we discovered that I can't talk back to you on the talk back because it bleeds on the air.
That's just what one guy said.
I think he was just talking about the overflow when you don't wait to let go of the button.
No.
Okay.
I never heard of it.
I mean, unless they worked out under a fist, I'm not taking a chance.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
I mean, I don't want to like, you know, so I whispered back.
Was that okay? Was that acceptable?
If not, yeah.
Yeah, I was wondering what the hell was about.
Because I don't want to like be talking over stuff on here.
Don't you get it? Carlos?
Here's my good close friend, SUDds.
Hey, go to hell.
Who says go to hell?
Yeah, in stereo.
How you doing?
Yeah, it's his great radio.
Are you going to pick on Richa on that?
That's it all.
As a matter of fact, you know,
Richa, who when he flew Rick and I down here to South Florida from Hartford,
it was that weekend that I first heard you Saturday morning,
and you had Linda Thordenon, who was the time was the radio TV writer.
For the hero.
And what do you say?
You start for Rickon.
Huh?
You said start licking.
Go ahead.
Well, before she had even heard us, she was already predicting the demise and failure of our show.
And I just wanted to say, hey, Linda, you were right.
Man, old man.
Whatever happened to her, didn't you?
I don't know.
She was engaged to Joe Johnson, who was on magic who I think is still air, isn't he?
I think so.
What kind of a phone are you on?
Or a real good one.
Yeah, sounds like it.
What's got a crank?
Do you get it, Nisner's just before they close the doors?
Well, listen, congratulations on 27 year.
I got a run.
I got a new meeting with Rumsfeld.
Okay, well listen, have a good time and pull the right switches.
Okay, Ben.
Thanks, suds, though.
See you later.
What the hell was that?
Yeah.
Good old suds.
Rickon suds, they're not on a year, which is very sad.
We got all these punks on here.
We got a little Brian Craig on here in the life of junior.
Oh my god.
But also, here's our first caustic fax today, which is excellent.
But before I get to that, here's a nice fax.
Let me read that first.
Well, we'll put the caustic one in between.
Mazel Tropic congrats on your anniversary,
we're listening to you since WNWS.
You're the only sane, rational, intelligent voice left on a radio.
Yes, I am.
You're the only constant on radio.
You brighten our days with your wit, objectivity,
talent, and wonderful voice.
Yes, I do.
We love you and wish you many more healthy years.
Fill Marsha, Bernie, and family.
Thank you, guys.
Very nice.
Have a duty suction.
Now, here's a hospital fax.
Dear Neil, first off, happy anniversary.
Oh, these people are a panic.
How come the name that he signs here doesn't match the one on the EO letterhead?
What do you mean by that?
You're not supposed to figure that out.
Because on the bottom of the page it says Donald W. Shackleford,
but it's signed Brent Collins in Miami.
Anyway, first off, happy anniversary.
And then after that, FU.
Oh well, it goes on to say, how much you could say a new list of us,
some of my co-workers listen to you.
It's been about a year and I dread coming to work because I know it's spelled N-O.
I know I'll have to listen to you bitch for three hours just to get 10 minutes of some useful info.
10 minutes.
The only good thing about the show is the bits.
For listening to you bitch about South Florida's getting old if you hated so much.
And the hate to radio down her or change it.
Down her, down her pants.
Your show is all about talking.
I listen and you never really have any useful info.
It's like they gave you the show just to bitch.
Now you're catching on, Brent.
Oh god, and the polls don't get me started.
Oh my god.
We don't care Brent Collins.
Well thanks for listening Brent.
And don't tear all your hair out.
You start looking like Greg or like Mo.
This is a great fact to want a picture of it.
It's not for real.
Right.
It's a drawing of a make-believe shell station.
It says Tom's shell and where the pictures are, how the prices are.
Under self-serve regular plus and whatever.
It says arm.9, leg.9, and first born.
Where the prices would be.
Cute, arm and legs.
And first born.
That's a gas.
Here's Laura who says congrats on your 27 years in radio.
Thank God for you to celebrate in Toronto when you're out of this God for a second time.
Oh see now Brent's going to get upset because I'm bitching about being in South Florida.
Which is why I'm not Brent being around sour assholes like you.
Who say happy anniversary and then proceed to go on and rip everything about the God damn show.
Anyway Laura says, I've been listening to you for at least 20 years.
You are the demand.
Everyone else pales in comparison.
Spelled PAILS.
Well nobody's perfect Laura.
She's a regular factor.
She's entitled.
A short story I went to the fleet.
This is, did you read this?
No.
I went to the flea market recently and highly purchased.
Yes, actually bought a picture of you with Dave Capri and Glen Hill and paid 50 cents for it.
All right.
I hope those do another 27 years and enclosing most still sucks and Greg Reed blows.
Most sucks and Greg blows.
Take a creative vacuum.
Sign Laura.
Thank you Laura.
Kind of pales into one significance.
Let's bitch about South Florida.
Just so Brent's not disappointed there.
I guarantee you Brent is squeezing himself and his co-workers right now.
Oh, he's not going to read that.
Hell, I won't.
Just have a good time.
Rip away baby.
Keep ripping it.
How many of the things we got on there?
469.
Less than a year we got six people listening less than a year and three less than six months.
Still stuck on that same number George and you add them up.
Six and three.
Huh?
And it still comes out the same.
Oh, something screwed up here.
What just happened there?
Six and three still comes out.
Oh, God.
For just a second there I thought it was going to have like a major.
Wow.
Look at this facts.
You must take my eyesight is really good.
Good.
Golly.
Well, I got to change it to cartridges.
Oh, it's on your end because I have a fairly new one.
When I came back up here I put a brand new tone right here so it's on your end that the ink card.
She's always down there.
That's another reason I'm here.
Everything works here, you know?
In the Toronto studio everything works magnificent.
No problem but down here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Yeah, that's the Miami studio.
Okay.
Everything in our studio.
Not so much in the talk studio because that's for sports.
The main studio where they got 75 microphones and a big humongous table of size of the conference table of the you win.
But our studio, a joke.
Made you joke.
Thanks a lot, Corso.
And of course don't forget your friend Bob Vermut who says the beesleaves are a bunch of mugwumps.
That's what he said.
Okay, we'll save this fact when we come back and then of course I see a couple open lines on there.
Not too impressive, you know what I'm saying?
They're emotional but not quite.
Not as emotional as Ricky Tiki.
I don't think I'm ever going to recover from that.
He was us in Syria.
Yeah, he was.
What made it back to your town?
It's not easy to fight a sincere man in South Florida.
Line line local.
We're sports radio five sixties.
You ain't.
You ain't.
It's me.
I don't know my mother.
I still hate your life poison.
Five, six, six, seven,
WQA.
Oh!
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like the part in his face.
That's where he dig.
What gives him the right.
Oh!
I think his wife won't apply it off tonight.
Oh right.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
What's up?
Distraight to the human race.
Oh!
Rick you're a smuck.
Ain't got the sucks.
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like the part in his face.
I know.
Rick Riley you're an asshole.
Love him forty five at five sixty WQA.
Those were the days man.
The WIOD days.
And now that station's making a comeback.
Thanks to the right wing fanatics.
See I wouldn't want to be if I was like in a business in the real business.
Yeah.
Which were not.
It's that I wouldn't want to be like a part of that.
You know I feel like unclean.
I feel oh.
Nautious.
With that whole rush and Schmidt head and all that other crap.
You know what?
That all.
Very nasty ugly and grotesque.
So I guess all of those people out there that fill out those diaries.
They must be like multi millionaires and almost go to church like at least four or five sixteen times a week.
Indeed.
Right?
I think I have to be able to feed this.
Five six seven oh five sixty got many open lines now on here all of a sudden which is very distressing.
I know we couldn't keep going a whole four hours.
And I realize it's not extraordinarily entertaining.
This suckathon it sounds very self-serving doesn't it?
Uh huh.
I don't care.
You know one day a year is not too bad.
Little self-serving crap.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
We had the facts from Brent which I proudly read on a year there with a phony name.
Lots of old bits.
We did?
Yeah a couple of like that one there in young Neil.
I don't think too many.
Probably should have had some other one classics get the Manditch sings.
Manditch sings volume 2.
I'm thinking I want to go.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da!
Yeah what's that word?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eights and see.
See I'm getting shocked out.
Uh huh.
I'm getting punished by.
Oh God the Lord I don't think I've filled her doing a damn thing
It's on wheels which is nice the european fire
God and I'm gagging on it. I think that thing is like reverse. I think what it does it takes all the crap out of the air on the one side
Then pukes it back on back ashes, but maybe it takes all the oxygen out. Oh, I'm getting that thing out of here
See
God almighty as soon as I started humming that song
Did I
See what's going on here. Uh, oh, boy you identify all the way across the border here it's the poison gas
I can smell it
Here's foriu adrenal go
Yeah sure. Hi. You know what man you're the man
I've been listening to you since about 18 years old and you are the barometer if they wish it was raw with Florida
We'd listen to you that's right
I don't mind I'm telling you right now, but the only thing there's only one thing
I'm not gonna go say anything rude go ahead ever talk about your love life and who you date. Yeah
What why do you want to talk about is longs I've been listening to you? Let me ask you this question
Yes, sir
First of all, I don't date anybody like you know, but number two
I'd like you to name me somebody else on here on our station or any station who talks about who they date on here
Well, I mean what you do we listen to you
You talk about some sometimes you talk about your personalize sometimes you don't
Little bit here and there and it's always been like everyone I know who listens to you
We're all like yeah, who the hell was he? I mean you know you like Johnny Depp like this guy like that guy Ricky Martin
I'm dating and reeky this week. Come on
You never talk about your personal life that would that would be that would top the next
What does that mean? I see you don't mean your personal life you're talking about my sex life is what you want
Yeah, you know, let me ask you this
Let me ask you this question so does Hank talk about his sex life on?
He wants to hear about that guy's sex life. There's a mode talk about his sex life on here
Oh, he doesn't have one does Gellie talk about his sex life on it only running around always the only one
I know does that is George talks about his sex life on here look at his numbers. That's true. Yeah, he owes numbers
Yeah, all right. Well keep it up and
Great life. Okay mind your own business
Well, I talk about a long nose, huh? Why don't you tell us who you really are might be that can try Bob Kuenstein the Mr.
Ego set up on W. Just New Year's ago. Tell us who you really are. Yeah, what the hell does that mean?
You know, good God. He wouldn't know any of those people anyway. What's that? No, the ones you're dating
What are their names
Hilda five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on yeah, who I'm dating what a people are Hank is dating, huh?
I bet he don't know some of the names either what's all different as a make that's right
I might know a couple of names here in air
God get a life man. He's almost as good as that guy the hot gay sex guy
Almost here's for the other day. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay happy happy. Thanks. It's really been long
Yeah, we don't talk to Mr. G Carlos
See even I know by now
And was that difficult to figure out no
That Carlos I'm telling you really slipping
How much do you get you for traffic cord
Wait, he's he's screening
Yeah, he's screaming all right
Yeah, I gotta be back in 60 days little be inner boy going back to traffic court in 60 days
Maybe we'll take up a collection for you. Please how come he didn't call a ticket to defense team
Well, that's right. They charge a few bucks. You can't afford it. George will take care of it for you
Huh?
No problem. Same time he's making your car payment
Here's my me lake. Hello, a meal. Congratulations. Thank you. I've been listening to you
I think that was about seven years old
My old man used to listen to you on those dating shows. Oh, yeah, that was a long time ago. I was about seven
I met you actually personally at the bizarre remember when you used to do some appearances there. Oh, yeah
Okay
Let me ask you a question
That lutes call remember when you used to form my ears or whatever camp that guy from lutes was that real was that kind of a setup
It was kind of like Reverend Jones if you could remember
Yeah, same thing and the other and the other thing I wanted to ask you I don't know if you have that bit still about Neil won't like it
Those times when you used to do that
No, that wasn't a bit that was a show that Steve Nicholade he brought in oh, I forgot all about them
Show
He used to bring in a make-believe talk show host and call the show
I know we like it that's where you got all these good drops from you know what I mean? Oh my god
Yeah, but Jersey wasn't a on that show. He was like a real uh make-believe talk host. I miss good was
Was on a real show or one of those shows he was on a make-believe show real show. I'm gonna have fun
I hope everybody else does too. Oh, you get out of here some great drops from that
But you do have a bit about the Neil won't like it. I don't know. Maybe it's in there somewhere
If you can't please play that Neil. I'll try and find a for you. Thank you, sir. Bye-bye. See you
We don't have a bit do we? No
That was a day movie show was a Steve Nichol thing and of course Steve Nichol everything in his mind
And I've had worked with with with and four and around several people who thought that everything on a radio station
Revolved around whether I would like it or not so that I could get the blame right. I didn't promote Chuck Myers
Morning show therefore Neil was responsible for that. It was a big bomb. Okay. I didn't promote the music on say to the rest of the day
Therefore it was Neil's fault that the rest of the day had numbers like in microscopic, you know
It's always comes back to that. It's never anything positive
It's never anybody saying oh look at all the great publicity even though a lot of it was uh, you know
Fun and games and giving them shots here in air all of it was with Mo
I guarantee there wouldn't be 50 people out there know who Mo Howard David it was if it weren't be for this show
No, you're saying you shouldn't get any promotion from god damn Greg Reed. I'll tell you that hey, they took that out remember
Yeah, right
The woman a hair piece like covering his face. That was cute. That was a good piece too
Big improvement too by the way Mo
Yeah, I'm choking over here from this air purifier
I think what it is is it purifies the crap in the air
Then real fine not real fine particles it puts it down your throat this thing
250 bucks. I wasted on this thing
Not to mention those ozone ones in the house that I wasted I don't know about 400 bucks on four though. Oh
Yeah
Those ozone things you plug them in your treat them on in the ear smells like death
Have you ever smelled that stuff? Oh my god
Wow poison
I was in the supermarket yesterday somebody farted real bad
And it just it just lingered it just stayed in a one spot at hung yeah hung in the air
I ran away from it and I came back ahead of the alley it's just hung there
It just stayed in a freaking air a smart fart. Yeah smart fart
Maybe it was from the government maybe they sent it back because that brought at Canadian brother
They sent those damn Americans those bastards. I hate them. Yeah, this crutch in man. He's got problems
All these women in his government keep talking about the damn Americans and now the president say well
I don't want to say myself on a year
Remember that one a few months ago. She had a finely resigned because of all the heat she took just for just for say not like she felt
She said the president was a m-o-r-o-n. Yeah, is what she said she had a good point and more and more more people are green with her
By the way, see president Poon Tangus saying he might the veto that resolution how the world has turned
The world is turning to Russians are saying not so fast hot shot
Not so fast and the Mexicans and Chile also said hey, we think we like the Canadian resolution at least to give to the end of March
March 31
And Paul Wolfowitz I mean the George Bush said no you mess with all of our plans. We're going in March 14, baby
No, not so fast Georgie
So we'll see we're going in
5 6 7 0 5 6 10 this real from Los Angeles. There's this a joke hello
Oh
Los Angeles
Hey, so long I almost lost it. Hey Neil congratulations to down
Thank you Los Angeles. I called you two years ago in your 25th. I think yes Alan how you think since I came to Miami in 1978
Unfortunately I left and are fortunately I left 1992
Congratulations. Yeah, and I the last thing I sent you I think was my life my wife left home with a banana
I got to play that yeah, I sent you that before I left town
But I just wanted to tell you it's great. I've listened to you on the internet for years now
And it's so great to be in touch with that voice that I love for 25 years
And I've been through the eating on the air the no eating on the air the calls the no calls stories
And you know what it's all good
It's all fun. Yeah, and the paychecks continue to clear which is all I care about and you know
There's always a place in the TAVU if that doesn't work out
Absolutely, in fact, I'd love to go back to the TAVU downs
Have a great day Alan. Yeah, you too Neil and a great life. Thanks a lot. Bye
We're getting calls from LA from San Antonio
Where was the other one we had?
Alaska Alaska the moon Uranus outer space
All over the goddamn place. That's that's the tremendous impact of this show
Anybody believe it? No, I don't either
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATV head Woody Graber
We had the Jeff Cohen two great ponytail guys had Rick Shaw
With a different kind of hairstyle
Had suds Coleman by the celebrities are pouring in for Neil's 27th anniversary stop 5 horizon wireless this afternoon
5 to 6 at 69 89 Westbroward Boulevard in plantation
We got some of our usual low budget QA and prizes and why do you there though?
You can register when tickets to an upcoming Florida Marlins home game
And then join joco still on 5 to 7 this afternoon
What do you mean then? I mean simultaneously is at Armstrong Toyota Hollywood stop-out-of-when tickets to the Toyota Indy 300 and Cain's tickets plus
Enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where I ran the bread make the big difference and a good news is Scott won't be there
This dick can't eat I like to relax by having very magnet on massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1
I'm living in a home
My wife left town with a banana
Love a rotten deal
Found that your devil hiding in her purse he's cold and he's hard but he's got a few
I hope it never happens to you
Some fruit breaks your marriage into my wife left town with a banana
There's my baby slip by the way
F htte
Oh
Oh, I wiped left down with a banana I'm a jealous man
She found us six inch Latin love birds Now she does the thing on her right hand
And right now I could just die Easy, my banana cream pie
My wiped left down with a banana My baby's slipping
My baby's slipping, my baby's slipping away
I'm speaking of slipping away, you know who else had some serious slippage in his latest trend
I give up, your good friends Paul and Ron
Young Ron, my best post personal buddies
And Ron, look at that, we're now, are they already here?
Ron and Ron, oh my god
Woo!
What demo were you looking at?
What demo were you looking at? You name it
Actually what I was looking for though, I forget about them, their small potatoes
When I was looking for it because of Bill O'Rally, you know, made a big impact on FTL
Right?
And I'm looking here to see if WFTL shows as well
Since, huh?
Does he have an O1 yet?
I'm looking on the 80th page, let's see WNMA
That's the, isn't that the Kane station Mr. Ego station with a .9 in midday?
WGNA
WFE, it's another fixed station
WA, it doesn't show it all
The light bulb
Including, I wouldn't even include the normal camp show
Which is on 8 to 9 in the mornings on that station
Sure, I even waste my time looking for that
Why?
Let's look, we had a category of men 90 plus
I mean, let's get serious, okay?
What are we talking about here? We're talking about shows that are not existing
Okay, let me just look at Persons 12 plus in the morning
Okay, because that's where Mr. Ego was on
And 12 plus includes all of the old Yenthas
Now, what is that station WNMA?
I think that's the one
Oh, they got one from a .4 to a .4
Nice going, Steve, oh
And where's WFT on that?
Because that time slot includes the normal camp show
It doesn't show, it doesn't even have a 0.1
It has an 0.0
0.0
0.0
In fact, that's what everybody says when they come across that channel under dial
Oh, oh, must be a mistake
Sorry, Norm, but you ain't got no number, neither of course
You know, he's got the same numbers below, right?
That's something to write in his resume
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line
Our big new into 1 hour, 27 years on the air today
And it feels like only what?
40-50?
The rich on call still leaves me very emotional
I'm not joking about that, that was really nice
Because he was in Syria if he'd tell it
Right, how are we a little choked up?
And such call, and I was joking it
And by the way, Carlos, who you've been dating lately?
You want to tell us about your personal life?
That's what shows that's that
That call was a panic
I mean, suppose I am dating somebody, I mean like seriously, okay?
And I said, oh, Jeff Schwartz
Yeah, that'd be the end of that
Would that mean anything to anybody?
Right, no
No
So what's the point?
He's writing a book
I'll tell you what, from now on I'm going to start taking names
I'll start writing names
Right?
I'm just making them up, okay?
Wow
Yeah, Peter North's son, okay?
Remember, Mr. and Mrs. North?
You got a Toronto phone book up there, right?
Good, good
I don't need a phone book, I have to do here's walk outside
Whatever you like, it's there, believe me
Take the tree
It's there, fruit falls
And the fruit falls, right on church tree
Here's Miami, hello
Hello
When is this?
When, Neil?
Yes, sir
27 years to surviving this town is unbelievable
It's amazing
This is your good friend, Mr. Bob Lincoln
Hey Bob, how you doing?
I'm good, I'm, you know
I was a little sicker when you said you're good friend, I assume it couldn't possibly be that one
Alright, well I have a few things that thank you for, Dr. Ackin
Right, are you still squeezing that?
Are you still making it?
We're on our ninth year doing the Ackin screws, so that's kind of nice
Thank you very much
Right?
And don't forget Bob, Viva Las Vegas
Yeah, well, right
You know, those are some of the funniest times that you know, we had a lot of chuckles out of that
I started listening to you in 1979
Uh-huh
And thank you for all the laughs
Yeah
And a lot of chuckles and a lot of good times
But I, uh, twenty thousand
And thanks for all those travel books too, by the way
Not in my pleasure
All those hotel books
Yeah, well I know you like those
I did
Anyway, you're in a better place, of course I, you know, our business, the travel business, things right now
Right
I just got, you know, the Canadians have it right, they just don't want to come down here anymore
The good ones because of the hassle that they got to go through to get into this country
And because they're dollar, all the Canadian dollars up to sixty-seven cents which pisses me off
Now when I first came up here last year, it was only sixty-two cents
And now it's sixty-seven cents because the American dollar is going in the
Oh yeah, well, you know, uh, I don't know if you've been to Italy or France lately
But the Euro has surpassed the dollars
Yeah, it's a bucky
Yeah, nice
Yeah
Good job, but by JW, but anyway
But again, Neil, thank you
Or JW, what are your things?
Thank you so much for all the great years and let's continue on
Okay Bob, good luck to you
Okay
We'll need it, okay
Bob Lincoln, he sounded like a little incoherent, that's what he always sounds like
Anyway, he's okay, you know, in spite of the biggest trips he's okay, he's means well, you know
Doesn't always come out the way he likes, but he means well
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty, and of course I officially gave up my Amsterdam apartment yesterday
Officially, I talked to my good friend Peter and I said, I'll still believe
I said, there you go
And I have a nice life, you know, I didn't say that
But I just said that said, I'm not coming back, at least nothing at apartment
I said, go have a good time, have a good time with that TV set, the stereo, furniture, all the other good stuff
And he told me that, you know, tourist, forget about it, there's nobody there
Huh
I mean, would you want to get out of plane and go to Amsterdam right now?
You went too far
Would I want to get out of plane? Period
I'll see you're a pussy generally, I mean, you see, you can't worry about things like that
If it's the right time, you know what they always say
I wouldn't talk about it the right time
I can't afford to go on a plane
Well, if somebody paid you away like your good friend out of those things
Yeah, they don't go anywhere
I think he just changed his mind because he called him a pussy
If he paid you away and said, you was the apartment, you was the, because he can't go anyway
Because they got his passport in limbo for like the next 20 years
Yeah, with all his lawsuits
I'd fly to Kuwait right now, who gives a crap?
Would you really? Sure
For free?
Good hotel on the other end?
Maybe you'd go over there and meet some of your Palestinian friends
Who?
5670560, pound 560
I know I don't even want to say it all of them, you know?
That whole thing
Yeah, all of them
The Middle East, the Near East, the Far East
And since we're spreading democracy so good, somebody made a real good point
One of the 80 shows I watched last night in between the hockey games
And that is, hey, let's spread a little democracy to Pakistan
Oh, sorry
Maybe that's the model we want to use that could representative democracy
They're in Pakistan, the Saudi Arabia
The Saudi Arabia is in the Middle East, right?
Now, Pakistan is our good buddies, you know?
Right
Where we have the bloodless coup by the military general
That's a real representative democracy if I ever seen one
And they were the ones who invented the Taliban, by the way
They were the ones that gave us Osama Yamama, quite frankly
When he got, he went to Hyden from Saudi Arabia by way of Sudan
And finally they decided to take him out of their wing
In Afghanistan, the Taliban, man
God, is that frost my ass
This is me off big time
Pick and choose which ones
Because they're an easy target now, man
We already destroyed most of their military
He's easy pickings, everybody hates him like poison
So let's go in there, man
We'll go sell them to the American public
Tony Blair will go along, we got those naked pictures of him doing Prince Charlie
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it
It's almost enough inspiration to make me play that
I'm absolutely lucky to get you
Listen to me
Wow, it ain't nothing but a heartbreak
Wow, it's been only for the undertaking
Wow, it didn't mean to only get you
The terrible love of the parliament
What comes and ends within the government's generation
Instruction, destruction, who wants to die?
Wow, it could come on you
Why did you kill the bomb?
I absolutely have to say it
Who are you?
Why did you kill the bomb?
I'm telling you, let's go
Mr. Chairman
Wow, it ain't nothing but a heartbreak
Wow, it ain't nothing but a heartbreak
That's the undertaking
Wow, it's been only for the undertaking
Made it this way, Paul
Never had me
You're so fake
It's been fighting for the day
War can't be alive
It can't be alive, it can't be alive
Wow, it's been only for the undertaking
Wow, it's been only for the undertaking
Wow, it ain't nothing but a heartbreak
Wow, it's been only for the undertaking
Wow, it's been only for the undertaking
He's coming and going to make it
It's been only for the undertaking
Made it this way, Paul
Never had me
You're so fake
You're so fake
I'm mine, I'm mine, I'm mine, I'm mine
This is 43560
You're way and way and way
Either you bastard
Oh, oh
If you cannot find the trauma bomb or rag
If the markets are a trauma bomb or rag
If the terrorists were frisky
And Cassandas looking 50 North Korea
Is too risky, trauma rag
If we have no allies with the trauma rag
If we think that someone's sister's trauma rag
Go to hell with the inspections
Let's look up for the elections
Close your mind to think the righteous trauma rag
Okay
Fall in line and follow orders, trauma rag
Oh, it seems our borders trauma rag
Disagree will call the trees
And let's make more now hope this season
Even if we have no reason for our rag
Pro 15 at 560 WQ, I'm a call from the Bahamas
Or should we do Andy Moss first?
Let's do Andy Moss's little bit of short call
Andy
Boy, you're right, right?
Andy
Andy Moss is gone
How do you like that?
I told you be a short call
See my psychic powers are working again
Andy Moss who used to work with the Panther Organization
I look up here, I see the name, I said
Let's put him ahead of everybody else
Because he's gone
That's the message to you Andy
Here's Port Luke, Kai and the Bahamas
Hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, my name is George, I love your show
A Jew and an anti-Semite, wonderful
Now listen to me
Tell me where I go long-lod logically
If you're about 20 years old, Neil
And for some reason, the Israeli government
Got bad somehow, somebody got elected to the president
Yeah, this is the Israeli government already is bad
Okay, so take your all your Middle Eastern crap and jam it, okay?
Boy, oh boy, we can't tell where he's coming from, can we?
Israel?
From hunger
God almighty, go eat some hummentage, okay?
It's almost Purim time
Good, Golly
5670, 5650, 560 on the AT&T
And you know what, that started with Andy Moss thing
Let's blame him
Where's that Noah?
That's right, that was Jeff Moss that worked with the Panther Organization
Right, Andy Moss was his brother
Brother, right?
Andy's back, hold on
What do you mean Andy's back?
Six
Andy is back?
What are we gonna do the whole hour with Andy Moss stuff?
What's going on here Andy?
Hey Neil, I don't call much because I don't have much to say
But I wanted to take advantage of this opportunity
Where you know, happy anniversary
Thank you so much
It's been a long time and I figured I'd, you know
Happy anniversary, how's everything going?
You feel anything?
Everything's going just the same as always man
It's the QAM radio wish way
I hear you
Well I hope you feel better and I hope everything's good up in Toronto
And we'll see if you can hear from those 30 years right?
Thanks Andy, say how did Jeff, if you ever run a growl over him?
See Neil, have a good one
Okay, what ever happened with the cop that ran over those two friends women on the beach?
Giving him a little slap on the wrist
That story, I'll probably just appear just like the story about the hookers down there in days
The hooker ring that the cops had gone
What, what, what, what?
The thing about Dave County, the cops can do no wrong man
And their friends, the former FBI agents, whatever happened with him, is he cool in his heels?
Yeah, not cool, he's chillin, he'd be chillin
What, what a disaster
Yeah, the sun is shining, it's a beautiful day, it's going to be 34 a
And in a real city with like real people
And I'm going to start making up some names like you said out of the phone book
Right
How, be something, brother?
How many votes we got on that poll there?
It's not a poll to survey, everybody's required to participate this weekend
I'm a little suspicious of the last two categories, everybody you never know
How long, even, let's take a look at this show since the last 20th anniversary on there in Miami
Over 10 years 174, over 15 years 111
Since WQAM five years, 92, five years in a couple of months, but who's counting?
Oh, brother
Over 20 years 71, couple of years 54, all 20, 70 years 30
Oh my god
Shocking
Less than six months 12 and less than a year 9
Those last two are me, I don't know, aren't you a little suspect of that?
No, that's, that's about right
Here's Poppano, hello
Neil! Yes, sir
Boy, this is fun going down memory lane
1991, the buddy of mine gave me for lunch, I was working for FPNL of all places
God forbid
Yeah, and he said, you ever heard Neil and I said, who the hell is that?
And what if you all never turned you off?
But you know, it's funny throughout the years you've always talked about people that hit you always listen
You know, when they hear about you
Yeah, and people I've talked to and tried to turn you on to them whatever
And they'll say, oh, why do you listen to that asshole and everything?
But yet a week or so later they'll come up to me and say, hey, you hear Neil today?
That's happened since, well, throughout the whole time I've been listening to you
And it's amazing that they hate you so much, but yet they just can't turn to God today
Well, it's just like the people I call and start screaming and carrying on and yet they can quote, chapter in verse every damn thing
Or I'll give you even better one than that
It's like people I know I don't want to mention any names
We're always talking about how George Soxie so terrible
And yet then they're going on to a whole, and they tell me they never listen to him
And then they start telling me about what he just got through talking about the whole show that they before
You got it! This is Jerry, I brought you a Peter North J video a long time ago
Oh, right! Yeah, that was me
Too bad he got so old, man
He's still a straight shooter, but he's about 110 years old
And all my sisters said, you know, I just love him, I said, you still like him, he's about 100
Oh my gosh!
That's just incredible!
Well, let's, let's, let's, you gotta get some new movies or something
Let's ponder off on your sister, be a good match
Yeah, right, hey Neil, I love you, happy anniversary and so you're under dog!
Thanks, have a great weekend
See ya!
Oh, too late!
What?
Once I get my finger on him, man, it's like, squirt, squirt, too late
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3, 4, yeah, we just hate you like poison and we were talking about yesterday at 12, 14
I was just a nausea in 12, 14, 30
So we hated that
And George was into that eating ass stuff again and talking about his wife and about the swim club and about Joe Castello
And about this and about that and about those damn Jews and the Israelis and, uh, etc.
And they can all quote chapter and verse
Every moment of every show
So you're not fooling anybody
Mo, here's another one at the Oleos Oya
Doesn't listen and then he's on air, oh the pipe smokeer thinks this is funny and that is funny, blah blah blah blah
Right, how come he didn't call to wish they happy anniversary?
What's next?
Dead baby?
Yeah, it's coming Monday
Dead baby is gonna be doing the show from CKLW, I wonder if he's still alive, his buddy Perry Como died
Right?
He rolled dead babies?
Sure
CKLW, you have all the jingles there, we don't have the jingles in the thing or don't play them please
We don't want to start playing jingles
How come blind Mike didn't call in?
And you know who else hasn't called in to wish me happy 27th anniversary?
Good, because he's gone straight to jail when I get back to town, I think somebody think about his calling in online too, as a matter of fact
Another VIP?
Oh my good personal friend Tom Lehman, how's it going Tom?
Hello, Neil
How are things?
I'm doing good
Well, I just wanted to wish you a happy 27th anniversary
And for doing a great job here in South Florida and also for doing a great job for us
Well, listen, it's easy, when you're doing spots for guys and the same spot for 100 years, it's easy
I was there, I was there in Canada
Everything is beautiful, it's starting to warm up a little bit, it's almost freezing by now and I love it
You didn't have to go through Buffalo, did you?
No, thank you
And I'll tell you one thing as much as I know you're in a car business, not having to have a car and to drive to get around
You have no idea how great it is
Oh, I bet it is, you know Toronto's a type of place where you can basically walk to everything
Walk to everything, they got to sell great subway and it's a real pleasure
Well great, listen, have a great day and thanks for everything and a great 27 years here
Thanks a lot Tom, say how to tell, take care
Joe said to say hello to you
I'm sure we did, let's get his name on you again
See you Tom
Good guy, Tom Laman, a Joe Prieto at Hell in Pontiac with sponsors of this show
See it's amazing to some of the people out there, we actually have people who like this show
No, not shocking
And admit it
And admit it, not only like the show when they can't turn it off but they actually admit it as opposed to those people
Like Dennis who can't turn it off but hates every moment of it
See I just find something very masochistic and bizarre and disturbing about that
That would be like if there's some show on TV that I hated
Or I'll give you an even better example of that
If I said here and it like if I was retired now
And every day I'm sure he's on in Buffalo or somewhere near a station I could pick up here
And listen to Rush Limbo for three hours every day
I have to go get myself a shrink
Why would I subject myself to that?
I don't listen to him for three seconds
I know exactly what's going to be there and it's going to get me boiling mad
That's a pile of crap and just pontificates and talks a lot of crap and people buy it no matter where
So I don't listen to it, that's all
I don't want to get him off the air
I don't say whatever
Everybody's in hell and does a boycott
That's the thing that's amazing to me is the hypocrisy of the so-called conservatives
Who are supposed to believe in less government and less interference and yadda yadda
These are the same assholes who want the government in your bedroom by the way
Then they make an exception or check out what's in your pipe that you're smoking
That's an exception
And certainly when it comes to freedom of speech it's only I've told you this for years
They believe in your freedom of speech as long as you say what they like
Once you start saying something they don't like then it's like that
Like that asshole that said he said I can't stop thinking about that guy
Because we're seeing a classic example of it two months in a row
The guy to call to say he punished me in December because he got the Arbatron diary
But he didn't put me down because he doesn't like my politics
Well my politics aren't any different now than they have been for 27 years
No different
My feelings about it
My feelings about it I always talked about it
My feelings about organized religion
No different now than they have been for 27 years it's a pile of crap
It's evil
You talk about evil doers, about grave robbers, about brain robbers
You know that business about universal or freight train
I'd rather see you guys still a freight train and still somebody's brain
And that's what the religions are all about and that's what all this crap is now
Showed on Iraq, the Shiites and the Sunnis and the Kurds
And this one and the Hindus and the Muslims
It's all a bunch of craziness
It's crazy freaking people just like it was in Bosnia like it was in
Like it always is
Every world of the goddamn world
And the so-called mainstream media man
Two people in the mainstream media most of you should only croak
Okay I hate to say that because it sounds pretty severe
You should croak a wicked death
Because your co-conspirators, your participants
And from putting over on a goddamn public all this bull crap
I beg of you local, this is 560
We're using all yours now
You and...
I don't have a penis
Well congratulations get alive
Oh they just increased us to higher alert status
Hope no one blows up my brand new-dust ran his own
I've been a racist they gave us the news
Popping value with a big glass of booze
I keep a gas mask in my club compartment
I call Remax for a bomb-proof apartment
Reinforce my front door with center plots
Wonder if that will keep up the small pots
Checking my mail for that deadly white powder
Stalking my covers with Campbell's clam chowder
Living on orange-illers, you're ain't no fun
I think the terrorists already won
I can't take it, I won't make it
If it goes to win
No
I'll pull the covers up over my head
And just stay in bed
Boy, stay in bed
So another mystery of QIM
Was here the vanishing billboards
So during the break just out of curiosity
I clicked on to these two emails that muffled sent me about the billboards
Yeah, the generic QIM one and the near-roger's one
And I had seen them already a few days ago when he first emailed him
And I clicked on today and the links I clicked the link into both disappeared
There's nothing there
They have vanished
What does that tell you?
Have we had one legitimate call from anybody who's seen a QIM billboard?
No
I just mentioned that in passing
I don't want to like P on their parade
I don't want to say anybody's lying to us again
Like that check that was in the mail that still hasn't gotten there to my box
1231 at 560
It was a QIM the mad dog at 1, the Humper at 3
We got the Cain's baseball 650 against the Citadel
And he came to the baseball game
And ESPN radio such as it is in boy it blows overnight
Phil and some time you know
Here's a call from the Gables
Hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Well it's funny when I just went to doubt you
The number I got was Shalom and welcome for calling
LL Israel Airlines Miami office
That is not me
What does that mean?
I don't know what does it mean
Anyway congratulations
Long time listeners
I say MFM and back to AM
Your 27th is my 50th
So let's keep a watch on the tall buildings
Okay thanks
Thanks a lot Neil
Okay
What?
I have no idea
I don't have any idea but he was happy
5607560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
All I could say is
LL Airlines
Staffers Goof at Cornell University
sends welcoming email to hundreds of rejected students
Cornell University mistakenly set out an email message
welcoming hundreds of students that had previously rejected
The mistake happened Wednesday when a clerical staff
Miss coded a message meant only for students
who had applied early and been accepted
As a result of the error the email was sent to 1700 students
including nearly 550 high school seniors
that the Ivy League school and upstate
that they had rejected in December
Greetings from Cornell your future alma mater
the message said
Congratulations on your acceptance in the class of 2007
The mistake was discovered when somebody noticed
that too many messages had been sent
The university then emailed a follow-up message
explaining what had happened
I was in shock Angela Griffin Jones
Dean of the undergrad graduate admissions
told the New York Times I'm still in shock
When university admissions offices sometimes make mistakes
college admissions officials said
the scope of Cornell's error was unusual
it's safe to say that every admissions office
had some experience where some kids got in the wrong letter
said Joyce Smith executive director of the National Association
for College of Mission Counseling
Unfortunately when you email and when you hit the send button
you can't take it back
I thought about that once you hit the send button
but I'm being it's out there in the ether
you know what I'm saying
right and you can't
grab and bring it back
Well leave it to Cornell you know they give us Gary Bettman
what do you expect?
5,6,7,0,5,60 pound five in your well
so it was from Cornell
Who?
Dr. Bob Atkins
Oh how do you like that?
By the way Joe Resolute says
hi happy anniversary
Hey thanks Joe
and thanks for all your refugee stuff
You'll be pleased to know I have all of my supplies up here
I've got a whole case of really
and this is hammer mill
they had a special on which is the good the fax paper
Yeah
That doesn't come up and bend and fold
it like that cheap crap we used to have
and keep rubbing it in
What?
No nothing
And I got my toner here from off his deeper
where they deliver the next day
whatever you want
Is that a two-toner?
Yeah two-toner
Kind of like my shoes
That's mo I'm sorry
Here are four pliers
Hello
Happy anniversary Neil
Thank you sir
Perfect segue for your story
and you'll enjoy the local newspapers
but also NBC's twos
out here in Lee County
the local website carry the story
There's apparently a detective
his name is Lawson
cool for the last nine years
I've pretended to be a cop
and that actually made detectives
and it turns out that he had lied
about his past that he really had
only worked a few hours
up in Ohio and he's used a
McDonald W2 form
he can believe it
and apparently his ex-wife
ratted on him
and the funny part about it is
despite that he's been on like hundreds of cases
one of his cases if you look up on the local criminal website
he was actually an arresting officer on a charge
which was falsely impersonating an officer
beauty excellent
and then he has to mention his name
for nine years
for nine years of the arresting people
and he wasn't even a real cop
another one he was a hamburger
flipper McDonald's and he was
pertained to be a dick
yeah he actually made a
detestive believe it or not
so you get a kick out of that
so happy anniversary to you now
thanks a lot pali
watch out for those dicks
twelve thirty five five six seven
oh five sixty pound five
oh there's every fly sure
he was said is like nineteen
boy he really makes me ill you know
I get physically ill when I see him
you talk about a cop out in a sellout
brother
you can't complain about his principles and values
because quite frankly I don't think he's got any
every flesher
would you like to just put some money on his ball spot
she made some crap on his ball spot
in fact that pile that mode wrapped in front of the control room door
just she made on areas ball spot
have the entire all the media people there
all the white house press gorgeous lap them off the stage
just like he ran away did today
haha
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T
and for eyes of wireless line twenty seven years
coming to an end as of one o'clock
and then we start with number twenty eight on Monday
maybe you never know
what now if we got any more word about those billboards
on the agenda
no I'm serious I'm talking about from the inside
it wouldn't lie to us on the inside of what
the inside of a Campbell soup can
I don't know
I mean what is that all about they just made it up about the billboards
I don't know he sent me a couple of images and then said
well hold your breath and wait and see if they ever go up
or if anybody sees one not yet
maybe they bought the side of the billboard that doesn't face the road
yeah the one that faces the inside of the billboard
yeah I know that one the other side of the paper
here's hi alia hello
nice talking to you how high alia's got problems
you know they've always had problems with us
and vice versa
here's a call from steward hello
hey Neil happy twenty seven
thanks
hey doon George by the way
he's the same he's still the same
I've been with you since well by eight years
this twenty seven and I can only wish I was there
prior to that but yeah that's what it seems
but that's not a cut
you know really I I commend you for dealing with these these colors
I mean I don't blame you for not even want wanted to deal with these people
but for the most part it is entertainment
I drive hundreds of miles every week I haven't seen a billboard anyway
you won't see one
they lie
they're just a teasing you or what's up with that
they just lie a lot that's all just trying to like make it appear that they're doing something which they don't
well probably they're checked in theory you know for the billboards to pay for it so they better sign up to put them up
you're laughing I'm serious everybody lies to this stuff
these people don't pay their bills that's the problem
I've gathered that I've learned some things about the radio industry
when you deal with a beastly company man everybody wants cash up front
yeah well listen I just got I have to thank you you've opened my eyes to many things
I don't agree with you on everything but truthfully I've learned one health
I've learned more than eight years listening to you than I have listened to radio for I'm 44 now
so there you go
go figure
thank you all the best see you now
and drive safe
thank you all
thank you both
see you there you go he's one of those many we got a lot of people that drive truck drivers
traveling sales people
right taxi for years taxi people
here's a lady in Hollywood hello
I know
yes ma'am
from day one
ah la da da da da da da da da
now why you grown and you know that's got a that's got to happen
what do you mean on your anniversary just to take you back
I want to hear from them I don't want to hear from that crowd all those people with the yellow to the green teeth
the green tooth crowd man
can block and the and whatever and the beard whatever it helps you I used to say the wife
yeah but believe me what I tell you that thing don't have a wife
yeah
we're sports radio 560
u-a-m
remember this golden gasser
wonderful w-q-a-m
secretly w-q-a-m
wiggle little in the wake of Reverend Jay
you won't give me something
apparently just he'd like to play
he's a bigger home than Richard Bay
I want to hear from him
now all the papers say
it's all public now
Jesse's got a love child
yeah you put the baby in the guessing
will the more papers be fine
yeah and you play you play
like this spicy not mine
yeah
he's in trouble it looks the same
oh yeah
what's up with that I guess
the big part of Clinton's team
yeah
oh baby it looks the same
this was not MLK's three
damn I'm hungry Jesse
hey the realm
the oval office with his hushie girl
I made the two now
expensive suit and brand new Jerry girl
oh baby you need a little w-q-a
in the limo he gave her a world
should we touch her me without feeding
make she wanna hurt
better give me something
Jesse's got a love child
yeah got the body baby
some shoes
will the more papers be fine
yeah and you're all around and ragging
you like this spicy not mine
yeah I'm gonna need some more money
he's in trouble it would seem
I don't have
yeah
give me some of that raver money
the big part of Clinton's team
I don't have to
yeah
give me a little stop stop
the bleeding with his balance beat
yeah
well I can choose me
this was not MLK's three
I can use that right away
I love it
1244 at 560 QM
I just looked on our website
yeah
now was that Eric Dunnell
would have balloons in happy 27th anniversary
Neil and Citarin so on
no that was me
oh there's a carlo
Eric was there
Eric did okay
I'll be starting up again now
and I should mention that carlo
to keep mod a trouble
especially since his dating
his love life is so
vacuously
over the weekend
every weekend since we usually
have the same boring monotonous
bed times to raise up
their own website
starting this weekend
we're gonna change him all the time
even on Saturday and Sunday
aren't we carlo's
Jesse sir
there you go
I mean you know I mean
why should we have the same
steel stuff I know all the time
so I would hardly recommend
those people who give a crap
what's going on in the world
as opposed to the fun and games
and for quality that we do
here on the show now
because this audience doesn't
want bedtime stories
if you do give a crap
it's a lot easier reading
like 50 different publications
to go on here and find out
what else going on
wouldn't you think?
get think
here's a call from Miramar
hello
congratulations on 27th
from the guy who turned out
to music on WQA
thank you so much
and by the way
it's an aside
model top for actually
making some money in a business
where they ring you up
like one of those old fashioned
roller ringers on the
washing machine
so I just rocked out of you
yeah
and as far as blind mic
goes this morning
and he is a big fan
we still talk about you frequently
and he's probably asleep right now
because he gets up at 6 in the morning
yeah
and that's it
okay
I'm out of material
thanks
wow what does that
what does that mean
I don't know
can you explain that to me
well maybe that's the WDNA thing
does that station still on the year
I should have asked you got me
you know what else I should ask
next time Rick
shall cause which we don't want to make a habit of it
because he likes to keep his job
but I need to ask him about the old days
when he was on QAM back when the station was like a real station
and not just radio-ish
right back when it was rocking
the old days
and where the station was
and that kind of stuff
you know
right
we're going to go to the site
but it's more fun
we're going to do that
well he might
I mean you know
he might remember we're getting pretty old he and I
but 560560
pound 560 on the AT&T line
here's homestead hello
hello Neil
yes sir
young dinner for you
alright
you know the little
little dinner boy that we got to do
no I don't
good
a weird story by the way
I got turned on to you somehow
I was listening to
the radio
and I knew that
560 was a sports station
and I wanted to hear the
I wanted to hear the scores on a certain game
or whatever
about two years ago
since they don't promote you
I never heard you didn't know anything
and I got you on the radio
and I'm saying what the hell is this
oh my god
and well
been turned out never since
alright
so happy anniversary
and sorry about your dog
mind little to wall
I would die the other day
some young punk
random over
well he shouldn't have been in the street
anyways but you know
things happen
well that's about all I got
ok, me go thanks
thank you
ok
56070560
pound 560 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line
this has been very paneless today
we haven't solved as many of the problems in the world as we usually do
don't we usually solve a lot of problems?
all of them usually
like the thing about those billboards
I'm serious I don't want to get like all of them
I'm 27th anniversary over the weekend and having them in the stroke
but I'm starting to really wonder about all of that
you know
I'm starting to become really suspicious
because Muff told me about the one on
441 North of Sheridan street there
where Coons Ford used to be
now with the vast audience that we used to have
or maybe still have part of
you would think that we've had at least one call by now?
at the very least
except somebody making up some
historic to get on the air with that guy right away
so obviously it was a crank
but nobody
nobody
and I realized the average age of the people who drive in that neck of the wood
since mommy was very close to there
is about 110 and they probably aren't listening to us
oh and guess what other station was on here?
90 plus WKAT the classical music
oh yeah
their ads are on here all the time by the way
and they got ads on TV I've seen them all the time
all the time
do we have ads on TV?
no
do we have billboards?
no
we got promises of billboards
we got rumors of billboards
what do we got?
I'll tell you what we got we got squashed
I'll tell you what I'm looking at
this is what's waiting for us to see
you will
you will
it's Friday you bastard
Eisner
Mr. Mouse
what the hell are you doing to me?
what do you mean sir?
why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
well sir we're just scouting locations
Jesus! I'm scouting CEO you are killing me
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
Point on.
Point on.
In on.
Raymond.
Raymond!
Where are all the vacuum cleaner, Raymond?
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
I, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhand.
Forty second street is incredible.
I'm going to want publicly, I supported that, but you took all the point away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gather-scum like Peds.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
I'm going to need butt munch.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with lead low-end states, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole of Midtown Manhand.
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
The three of you go.
Raymond, you've got blue bird crap all over your shell, Mark.
It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the module cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Good.
God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bob movies.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Lisa, I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in fiction.
Now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
Oh, it does.
Signs.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign.
Yeel sign.
You've got a stark swing in some of these titles.
That's past me.
Please.
Raymond.
Raymond.
Hey, here you go.
I know you can't hear me.
Raymond.
Yes, you are.
I'm a market winner.
You're the most popular man in the world.
You're the most popular man in the world.
Get out of here, Raymond.
And take that bull for your freedom.
All right.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm about done with you.
What?
I'm done with you, sir.
I put Hannah Sturman in your job.
But sir, I'm...
You're terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Raymond in there.
I don't like to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
You don't want to hear you, nothing.
255-560-WDQ-1.
We got the mad dog coming up.
Now what does that mean, billboard maybe?
What does that mean?
Maybe it's a billboard report.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Where can I get my one?
I didn't eat nothing.
It's just crap.
Just crap.
What is wrong with Carlos?
Is he that little beaner boy now?
Or should we start?
Here's Beverly Hills.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I have a spy report, a Larry King spy report.
It seems he's in trouble with the law once again.
Uh-huh.
I saw him yesterday get a jiblocking ticket.
Yeah.
And he is like a 105 pound no-ass skinny old man.
He's like a mass in suspenders.
Walking mass of mung with two suspenders.
He's a pretty strange looking character, right?
Yeah.
So busted once again.
I hate to say that I think Larry might be on a way out.
Well, I think he is already.
I think he's gone.
I think, uh, big of a stop-floater background.
He's gone and nobody told him about it yet.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
Surely.
And load us 50 million.
Okay, so we can get that out of here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Don't forget to check in on our website and check all the bedtime stories too.
And also over the weekend, right?
Carlos.
Check back with us.
Yeah, check back with us over the weekend.
Maybe you'll find something like them.
And it's not too bad.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
I found the door board.
Come on.
Yeah.
Did you really?
Yeah, it's North of Sheridan on 441.
And it says, we've got balls.
Right.
560 WQAM.
They just got all the teams on the top of it.
Right.
But no Neil Rogers.
No, well, there, there, that's the different one, though.
I mean, there's supposed to be that generic ones.
A couple of those and some Neil Rogers ones.
And I guess the Moe one and a Hank or whatever.
Well, I've never seen.
I drive all over the place.
That's the only one I've seen so far.
Let's just start, sir.
It took us four hours, but thank God we got to you.
Yes.
And happy anniversary, Neil.
You're the greatest.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, thank you like that.
I told you if we kept working on it, I tell you that.
I told you keep working on it.
Squirt, squirt, kill a bleeds man.
Something will happen.
Oh my God.
What's this facts now?
Congratulations.
And thanks for 15 enjoyable years.
We listen every day.
Sorry about timing.
We love you.
Ivy and Bob.
Thanks Ivy and Bob.
You like that?
Too many nice people today.
You know what?
Too many.
No, that's just right.
See, one day out of the year.
I mean, Christmas day, they can be nice.
On Chanooka, they can be nice.
Poor him wouldn't be too bad.
East or Sunday, not a good day to be crossed.
Huh?
But I mean, also on Neil's anniversary,
can be like the one day in South Florida.
Since it's a place where we got a lot of angry people.
I understand why you're angry.
I get it.
I believe me.
I know.
I've been in South Florida.
Let's see.
30 years.
Let's akin to Florida.
Is that right?
Yeah.
73.
I work in Sarasota, WSPB, over on City Island.
Those were the days, man.
The average age in Sarasota.
But, makes South Florida look like a kindergarten.
Average age in Sarasota is death plus 50.
I mean, it is unbelievable.
If you're under the age of 100,
then you have to have a passport.
73.
So 30 years in Florida.
Wow.
No wonder my brains are fried, huh?
No wonder I'm sitting here wondering what the hell side is up.
But, life goes on like I said, the text is clear.
That's all accounts, Greg.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, they're all wanted to say Happy Anniversary.
I was turned on to you by my cousin from Montreal.
Oh, my God.
I've been hooked.
Is your cousin a fraud?
Is your cousin a fraud?
I bet you he's listening to us right now on the Internet.
Excellent.
You don't need any billboard.
You're the greatest.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Thank you.
His cousin, he said, is a fraud anopepsy, something like that.
Maybe he's part of the Pepsi generation, like with Joni Summers.
Let's play some of those old jingles.
Oh!
Not?
You notice some of the calls that seeps you all the radio groupies
are out there?
Rick Shaw had an excellent point.
Thank you, Rick.
You made my day, sweetheart.
I'm going to go out and buy me a blue cap right now,
not that the show is over.
Of course, it'll have like a maple leaf on it too,
but that's okay.
They should buy a beret then, in honor.
I'm going to go out and buy me a blue beret.
But then I have to shave my head.
Beret rhymes with it.
I think one of these days, seriously, when I come back to town,
we've got to get together, we invite Rick Shaw to the studio
and take a picture with him with his cap off.
Right.
When that makes sense.
An aerial photograph.
And I guarantee you, he'll look a lot better with his cap off
no matter what's under that blue cap.
Then some people we've got, I don't want to mention no names,
who've got their capon, or whatever they've got on.
Or a dead musk red eye.
Wouldn't you think?
You'd think.
Well, thanks for all the nice strokes here today.
In fact, I had one myself a couple weeks ago.
We're talking like this, man.
I was just a little stroke.
And in my face, why not just a little stroke?
That's all it takes.
Man dog is next.
To hop over it, three, and then a bunch of stuff.
Have a great weekend and thanks again.
Bye, bye, bye!
The middle rush is show on Christ.
The Soviet QA S might be for my days.
I'll get a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
