I gotta get out of me. He'll hang in there.
Don't be a dumb son.
You gotta get out of me.
You know, right there.
These guys, these guys,
God, I was gonna give him an animal.
When I said,
I'm gonna run over 10 o'clock.
Now, now they're all-
Everything was when you came out of here
and you said,
me, Kimba, that was my favorite.
Is that it?
I love it.
Hey, yo, let me ask you this.
I've had to sit in here now for two hours with Beast 2.
Using some of your vernacular hates me like poison.
Yeah, has he like,
poison?
No, he has.
He's been afraid to.
I'm his best behavior.
Things are afraid I was gonna jump over the table.
Hey, good, Kimba,
I'm gonna walk in with your thumb, you know.
I, you know, you could, you could cut the,
you know, the tension in here,
you could cut it with a butter knife.
You want to do something thick.
You want to do a tension,
but thick.
And you know what,
and you know what,
thick he is when I'm looking at Beast,
and then,
and thick just comes to my mind.
Yeah, he's scared,
he's a bit less of him,
and that's how it is.
But he hates you like,
still hates me like poison.
I'll walk out of the room
and I'll feel the knife like that.
Someone else is taking your place.
All right, Neil.
What does that mean?
Somebody else is taking his place.
What the hell?
Is that new?
Is that something new?
He may not be good.
He may be a fat pig,
but at least he's consistent, man.
That's what Clarence is.
Oh.
In fact, Clarence hired him
because he said he had a few openings at the station.
Hey, let's get him.
Let's get him.
Oh, it's a pleasure, Neil.
Thank you.
Neil Rogers.
God.
What the hell does that mean?
I went to an orgy at the county jail.
Looking for a bomb event.
I could nail everyone's hoping and doing a thing.
We're all begging him.
He said we do that thing.
Well, that's fucking.
Never mind it.
That's fucking okay.
Making bodies all over the cell block.
We're banging at the jailhouse.
Officer 47 was banging in May 3.
They were the cutest couple that I ever seen.
This one in May was hiding me with a twig.
She said, come over here.
So I can make it my bitch.
So let's fuck everybody.
Let's fuck everybody.
Making bodies in the cell block.
We're banging at the jailhouse.
This one officer was standing all alone.
And the soldier's pocket was hard to stone.
The war is end-biting.
What you doing over there?
Bang yourself and in May.
Quit whacking in that cell.
Let's fuck everybody.
Let's fuck.
Making bodies in the cell block.
We're banging at the jailhouse.
Fuck.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Here we go again.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
He can't control himself.
Anyway, we got some bad news for the rush fans momentarily.
But anyway, before we get to that,
well, this is probably going to even be worse news
when we read the poll result.
Let's put it off for a second.
Because they're under a lot of stress.
Even he's under enormous stress.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Me Kimba.
Good man, Kimba.
Kimba, and he better say it's a good guy.
We could not have liked the both thing.
I like Kimba a lot better.
Me Kimba.
Kimba, little gay.
Everybody did it to him together.
No.
He likes to dress up in that windows.
He's one of her.
You have never seen her?
I heard she was fat.
She's fat and she sounds just like she looks.
And she looks just like she sounds.
Real butch and dahi looking.
Me Kimba.
Me a redwood tree.
In fact, even worse than Anacorn O'Holio.
At least Anacorn O'Holio is attractive as opposed to Kimba, who looks like a man who
just can't find her way through his way.
Anyway, anybody know his canvas still on Zeta?
We haven't reported that yet.
Come on, someone will call.
Someone will call.
WDQA, I'm Zeta Lyne.
Hello.
What is it?
Yeah, I'm trying to read Zach.
Try to read Zach.
Right.
Zach who?
Zach retailer.
Zach retailer?
Zach retailer?
Yeah.
William Henry Harrison is.
He'll be right with it.
What the hell was that?
Reverend Jones.
Huh?
No, it wasn't.
Yes it was.
You think everybody's reverend Jones.
What was that?
What?
What?
I told Rush to pop a big one.
He did.
Oh, we got some bad news.
Nobody knows who this is so I guess that makes it much less bad news.
Florence Stanley died.
You died?
Who do that is?
You do?
Sure.
Bernice.
Gravely voiced, stage and TV actress best known as Bernice.
She died?
The wife of Detective Phil Fish Abe Bogota on Barney Miller.
See, I never watched Barney Miller, I hated that show.
That was all right.
There's certain there was a whole genre of those show.
I mean, just dozens of those like, what was the three's company?
I shouldn't say that, Christopher.
I remember to just die to all of those.
Horrible.
Yeah.
What was the one with Pat Harrington?
What was the one with Pat Harrington where he played the janitor?
One day at a time.
Bonnie Franklin?
Okay.
Yeah.
Is that what was that?
One day at a time.
Yeah.
Oh crap.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
How could anybody watch those shows?
Where were they from like the late 70s?
Because Bonnie Franklin never wore a brawn.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
I did watch the one with Kirk Cameron, because he was cute, but that was horrible.
And I didn't watch that show.
Nine days.
What was the one?
Growing pains or something?
Growing pains.
I got it right.
I got it right.
I got it right right at the time.
I saw him grow.
But he was born again, Kristen, Kirk Cameron.
Growing pains?
He was growing it.
Anyway, she was on Barnie Miller.
Also, I had regular roles on my two dads and nurse.
And she appeared in films like Outrageous Fortune, Up That On Stere case in Atlanta,
the Lost Empire.
She died.
October 3rd.
Well, this is a little bit late coming, I guess.
Better late than ever.
October 3rd from complications of a stroke in Los Angeles at age 79.
He died.
Florence Stanley is dead.
Damn it.
Been a bad year for dead celebrities.
I'll tell you that.
You know what I mean, Mom?
Absolutely.
Brother, I watched my backside.
Oh, I like this story before we get to all the rush stuff.
We got a lot more rush stuff to a lot of fish to fry.
Why don't you have to rush through it?
WDQM Kimberline.
Yes, Kimber update.
Yes.
He does eight to midnight on light 101.5.
What, he's on light?
Yep.
He's a little bit heavy to be on light, ain't you?
That's it.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news, Pallie.
Yes, he's off his head, and she's on light, which is a W-Y-F, right?
That's Lush 101.5.
Slush.
Me Kimber.
She probably had a tone down a little bit, because we used to use on Zeta when we were playing
like classic rock.
She would be like, me Kimber.
You douchebag.
Yeah, that kind of thing.
Very, very butch.
Even butcher than Randy.
Wow.
Do you believe that Randy and Jim are getting into work?
Did you hear that scuttle about the other day?
Did we get here?
No, we're married.
Huh?
I didn't know they had actually gotten married.
Oh, yes.
A long time ago.
Don't you keep track of these things?
Yeah, right.
Wait till you hear this story, you like this.
Tremendman charged with teaching dog Hitler salute.
All right.
This is a, that it works.
Story from the Brit newspaper Ananova.
A German man is to appear in court charged with teaching his dog to give the Hitler salute.
I guess he was just trying to be a good American.
The black sheep dog mixed named Adolf has been talked to lift his right front paws straight
up in salute on command.
Kind of like a president.
I don't think.
What's speaking about president?
We got a great new Russia card, not a cartoon, a thing.
On our website.
An advertisement.
An ad for Russia.
She's peddling something.
Okay.
Anybody want to buy a couple?
I'll take 300 little blue.
Police were called to the scene in Berlin where Roland T. 54 shouted at Passers-Bilance
year.
When a patrol arrived, he allegedly showed them the tricky it taught his dog, gave
the salute along with Adolf and shouted, Seaghal.
Come to find out it was a rumsfeld.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Now he's been charged with using symbols of unconstitutional organizations.
If found guilty, he faces up the three years in prison, in the slamer.
Adolf will probably be brought to a pet shelter, the Berliner courier reports.
Carola Ruff, of the local animal protection organization, says that I shouldn't be just
for what it's owner-todd it.
It makes me sick to think someone's using a dog's an instrument of the deranged brain.
She told the paper.
How do you like that?
Oh, here's another one.
I got a, I got a, oh, look at all these great stories on Ananova.
Related stories, pizza delivery driver, fine for spitting and salad.
Smelly feet, man.
Smelly feet, man, did not access the library.
May start new life in Germany.
Oh, good.
During the break, I got to get those two.
That's excellent.
Also, let's do the poor result first.
Oh, Reverend Jones is on six again.
Do you need mental health today?
He's coming back, baby, it's time to double down.
Okay, here's the, 1952 votes on a poll.
What's your take on, what was that Reverend Jones doing, Mitch Hirsch?
I'd like to see that pay to see that.
Especially if he stuck his foot in the chair.
Welcome.
What's your take on a Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
1952 votes.
It's not an all-time market, I don't think, but it sure, it sure gives the alien days
to run for the money, right?
It's respectable.
It is respectable.
It's phenomenal.
Nearly 2000 votes.
Anyway, Rush, 910 people said he's a big fat hypocrite.
Always knew he was full of Schmidt, 578.
I hope he never comes back, 205.
So you see, it's not looking really, hey, Rush, paper or plastic, 78.
Now we do have three positive categories, but they kind of like sucked the wind.
I feel very sorry for him, 72.
I'm still a dittohead, 57.
And Rush is God, 52.
You add those three categories and you get, let's see, 9.1%.
So 9% say, oh, poor Rush, and 91% say, up yours.
Oh, my disgusting fat, hateful pig.
You piece of crap, you hypocrite, you poor popping, you piece of turd.
So take a look at the picture on eorages.com.
There I think you'll be mighty impressed.
Got more real bad news for the Rush fans because there could be a rush to say,
goodbye to that show, at least until he may make a comeback.
I think one of the most heart wrenching things I've ever seen in my life.
Of course, anytime I look at I'ma sonner, it's heart rates got wrenching.
Was listening to him this morning talking about Rush?
Yeah.
And about his own problems, his booze problems and about how it's turned used to bring in a bottle of vodka.
Yeah, every time I'm so he'd invite him to come in the studio and he'd whip out a bottle of vodka.
Yeah, I'd brought him to it.
And he'd hold it up in the air, we'd be like if I was there and you were holding up like a container of fish food.
Or I'd be totally cool.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, that's how it's firm.
Poor I'ma, of course, how can you be cruel to a dead man?
That's a good question.
Anyway, so there was, and not feeling too sympathetic at all.
And he was talking about the fact that these rehab things, the success rate is extraordinarily low.
Okay, we don't want to wish you put a pox on Rush before he even starts doing.
But the success rate on the recovery rate is very, very slim, almost nonexistent.
Just a very small handful of reading dedicated people who go in there buying the bull crap, buying the 12 steps and the 13 goo steps.
Those are the ones.
Of course, he should be a little ahead of the game because he's already got several goo steps to start, right?
Right.
So that might give him like a heads up, a head start.
Look at that 1958, if we drank that out long enough, we'd get to 2000, but we better not.
Wouldn't that be something?
We could do it, but of course we did it with anything.
Let's do that.
Let's leave it on here for a while.
I won't give the new pool.
Well, I can't give the new pool, but we don't have to put it on here.
Don't put it on the new one on until we get 2000, Eric.
We got 1958.
Just for fun.
Just for the hell of it.
Not for any particular reason.
Let me say it again, by the way, very emphatically, for Rala's sick, he's out of the weather.
He's got the crud.
So anybody that's like a spewing crap about the, wow, you know, these not going anywhere.
Okay.
Yeah.
1013 at 560, WDQYM.
Hey, let me tell you right now, if you want to lose the weight, I got two great fat stories today.
Americans getting fatter than ever and all this other stuff too.
But fat.
Yeah.
So more and more people, you are very desperate to lose it because you'd like to stay alive.
Number one, maybe you'd like to look a little bit better and put on some real clothing instead of pup pants.
Fatboy was in there this morning as disgusting as ever.
So there's a classic example of what you don't want to be as fatboy.
Hi, a pally.
So try and balance for life because it's getting great results for people, even the disgusting beast.
He's still disgusting, but not as fat and disgusting as he used to be.
There's no calorie counting, no carb counting, nothing to worry about.
Don't even have to go shopping because they deliver right to your dough.
A black sack every morning, the key to your losing weight is in your black sack, man.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, right in that sack, and plenty of fresh delicious stuff to keep you happy all day long and full.
So you won't be cheating on your program.
In fact, balance for life is the only company that lets you pick between two choices for each meal on the program.
And not only that, but the food is like real stuff.
Nothing frozen, no chemicals, no additives.
It's not a chemical feast for a beast.
So let balance for life.
Help you lose that weight once and for all.
Just call them today and get started.
You'll see results on the scale in just a matter of days.
954-568-3229.
That's the number to be calling.
954-568-3229.
I promise you, after the first day, you'll already look tons better than the beast.
Or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com.
My name is Michael and look all this is Fort Real by 60.
We wait in way.
Our David's a bitch.
This week on Lifetime, television for women.
Monday, it's the classic and brutally honest landmark film, My Breast.
Tuesday, it's the award-winning documentary, My Other Breast.
Wednesday, it's the lifetime original feature film, The Breast I mentioned before.
Thursday, see a repeat showing of Joanne Stark's feminine masterpiece, Both My Breasts.
And Friday finishes off the week with the Made for Television movie, My vagina, from a breast perspective.
That's all week long on Lifetime, Television for Women, because even television for women is still programmed by a man.
What the obvious question is, how many real breasts are left in the world?
About 30, man.
1016-560 W.I.
I guess that does make any difference, no more, huh?
No, as long as they look good.
As long as they look good and feel good enough, as long as they're not melting in your hands.
Not too hard.
1976 votes, we got 24 to go to get to the 2000 total, so while we're waiting for that, WBAL in Baltimore drops Rush Filens.
Oy!
Almost immediately after Premier Radio never sent out to Rush Limbaugh, we'll be off the mic for five weeks while getting treatment for drug addiction.
Affiliate WBAL in Baltimore, 50,000-wide giant.
Remember used to work there, did you know that?
No, I didn't.
Now you do?
I'm immediately forgetting that though.
He was a superstar there.
Who?
What happened to him?
WBAL is dropping the Rush Limbaugh show from its noon to thrine away those Panthers, undefeated baby four points in three games, right Scott?
That's right.
I'm right!
How about that Panthers?
Lee's got a tie last night against the marginal team, pretty weak.
They played great, but they couldn't stick the biscuit in the basket.
That was the problem.
Have you ever seen a Craig Locklin that does the color on their cap schemes?
No.
He is the biggest pansy, the biggest fruitcake.
He likes the powder, is nah, Wayne Gretzky likes the powder, is nah, he could put the biscuit in the basket.
Where did they get this fruitcake?
Anyway.
The Rush Limbaugh show is being dropped from WBAL from its noon to thrine slot extend in Ship Franklin's local show, 9-1-30PM, and running Ron Smith from 1-30-6PM.
The station will carry Rush's fillings during the station's overnight rerun.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Well, everybody is, as they say in Yugoslavia, Gush Schlofen.
Jeff Bochant, WBAL station manager and program director tells radio business report while the decision was made.
He said Rush Limbaugh say one of her kind energy and there is no substitute. How do you like that?
Except no substitutes.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
He said our thought was if we are not going to have Rush on our air, then we are going to take a proven talk show.
A host put them on a radio station in our market, people are proven in the market, allowing our callers to talk about the issues that they care about, and to be honest with you, an easy decision for us.
If Rush were taking a week's vacation, it wouldn't be an issue. We certainly would clear the show with its guest host.
But we were told five weeks and five weeks is a long time and the all important fall book said Jeff.
He added WBAL will continue to pay its rights fees to Premier and we are going to continue to run the commercials as we are obligated to run the Noon to Three time period.
So we are just going to continue to live up to our end of the bargain. Just a matter of what is the right programming to run if we can't put Rush on over the long haul.
Any work from advertising on the move? We don't know if we can hand the money, we can have some cut in this throw.
We notified our advertisers late Friday to be honest at this point. Jeff said we have had no feedback yet, but it is still early in the game.
Tom Sullivan from CheapChannels KFB Case Sacramento was filling in. Yesterday in today, he said he is known Rush for many years and expressed hope that all will go well for him.
From 90% of the battles submitting you have a problem. So he is already looked 90% of the problem. He said Roger Hedgecock from ClearChannels KOGOs San Diego is filling in on what stays today?
On Tuesday? No, 15th and 16th is Wednesday and Thursday. And Walter No Neck Williams on 1017 Friday. Remember Walter Boughton O Neck Williams played for their Indians and White Socks?
Now, do we have 2000 yet? Overget in there. 1981.
What was he working in 1981?
I'm most frustrated. Oh, now it's starting to get all, it's getting slower. You want to watch because they are jamming on there now.
They are pouring into votes. They hate you Rush. Here we go.
1982. What? That's the year I graduated.
1982. I was at WNWS doing old Yinter Radio. What's the carcorder like that? We'll get to him in momentarily.
He's having that. We're looking for the old juvo.
1982. Now, let's see. I feel very sorry for him. It's still behind Hey Rush paper or plastic by five votes.
Anyway, radio business report makes this observation in this thing and this news release.
If one station can pull Rush for five weeks, others may follow. How do you like that?
Five weeks of down ratings can kill a book for any station. I mean, a book is only 12 weeks.
So that's almost 10. So many of the stations that clear Rush are clear channel owned.
What are they going to do? One G and disappointed with the lineup of replacements offered this suggestion.
If premier were smart, they should have gone after an Ann Coulter or a Dennis Miller or somebody with a really smelly box.
Somebody is going to be compelling and shake things up as what he said.
But they didn't. They brought in a lot of these bogus people, and nobody had ever heard of like Tom Sullivan, Roger Hedgecock, and Walter Noneck Williams.
And I'm sure Rush ain't too thrilled.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's static about that or about being like put away somewhere where he can't get ahold of Wilma every day.
You know what I'm saying? Hey, Wilma, what have you got for me today?
Laughing about. He's still probably got to get ahold of Wilma.
You know, that wants those people around the inside to get more than they were on the outside.
That's the rumors that I'm here just asked the governor ask governor Jeb 1986
1986 votes we need 14 more to get to 2000 I thought it would happen a little bit quicker than that
Didn't you maybe everybody there? I'm so ready voted in the camp vote again
That's all seized up and if you have the bad fortune of having like AOL well good luck then it's all too good
We hate AOL AOL is the N-T-L N-T-Cristoman
They are just obnoxious and useless and if you live within a 20 block radius of anybody else who's got AOL
You can't vote on our pool we'd have thousands and thousands of votes. They'd actually be like almost scientific
Well almost
But every day but we have a limited number of people I can vote they can see the results some of them can't even see the results
You know that I'll be dang. So AOL like I said illante Clisto
I can't be freaking again because this is getting a little bit ponderous now. You know me. I like to drag things out
Especially if they look good, but in this particular case it's just
Come on. Let's go. Oh here we go. I think the big pushes on now. Maybe 1983. Yeah
1993 well
1993 you have little faith. How do you like that? So what you'd seven more one more
To get to 2000 votes which
Don't happen to help a lot of time on our pools because like I just said
I'm not gonna
It's only a limited small a psych group of people who can make these decisions shaping the future of mankind
I will just just relax you. We got it
I'll be right back again. We got the drum roll the goose step going out
Get that little dog from trimming it. They didn't let us stand anybody to get the boose step
Give me a one finger salute
Okay
Okay, it's taking a long time to do like I know I can't get it either. I don't say it. I want to see it with my own my own fries come on here
We go it's very very short. I got everybody. I guess everybody wanted to be the 2000s vote because they knew that the
2004tor will get that 10 million dollar prize from easy broadcasting
Huh, I wish I had a gun right on 2000, but it's 2000 or 2003 and you know what? Guess what year it is
God
Ha, you see that
What if I always told you on this show the way these things like like putting the pieces of a puzzle together
It's like sticking your arm up your ass
2003 that is so momentous and
Hey rush paper of plastic still beat out. I feel sorry for them by three votes
What now which it was important to me. Thank you very much folks. That was lovely
Here's a call from derral hello
Hey, how's it going? Come here. Okay, sir if you were on a stand you were stranded on the desert island. Yeah, would you prefer
Mr. O'Reilly or rush? I prefer a suicide. Cool. Hey eat
Jim Jones and more for a cool. Hey
Clark stumps for presidential votes. Speaking of to eat good segue George Clark stumps for presidential votes at way to near this
Scott doesn't know see
Now you remember he was at the deli den a couple of weeks ago Wesley Clark for his first lower the appearance
Yeah, the scutzen out of town he won't know the significance of this oh well
I hope that hangslessness. What? Whatever happened to the famous very good guest over it close close
Very close. You'll be amazed at how close you are the famous is out of business first and piece. That was the best
sunny isles beach democratic presidential hopeful Wesley Clark waited into the South Florida political landscape again yesterday
touting his party credentials by calling president bushes record reckless radical and wrong
The retired army general met several hundred enthusiastic supporters at I am embarrassed to say this at
oh
The rascal house a deli once frequented by singer Frank Sinatra
and a bunch of old Jews for stealing pickles and coleslaw's we speak for shoving him into sack
hoisting himself up on a wooden chair Clark told the largely elderly Jewish audience
About his father's work as a local democratic party boss in Chicago
I mean, this is just amazing
Recalling his nearly 40 years in the military Clark said bushes first term let him to seek the presidency
It hurts me greatly when I look around this great country
And I see that all that I believed in is being unraveled Clark said there was no immediate comment Monday from the White House
Well, what what what is that to say they just jealous that he got the kishki right? I don't think they have kishki at the rascal house
Do they not?
Oh, not not all delis have kishka man. What how could you call it a deli then a Jewish deli if they don't have kishki
But that's a good question. We'll have to find out I'm sure Hank would know because he's still well
I'm not having to pick this in a while but then again Hank touts the most the other place he likes oh he likes Joe's
And he also likes the the average I think
And all right New York Prime which I just and New York Prime and Polka really is great even though Moe is a
P.O. The man who's got his tail between his legs because they don't kiss his ass in earth the up near prime
Which everybody including the Humper says is one of the great state houses in history mankind
Moe don't like it because they just don't lay out the red carpet and kiss him on the cheeks and the lick his dingal berries do all of that stuff
They hate you Moe like everybody else
Clark battling a sore throat to the crowd losing your voice
I guess is the first thing that happens you when you start to run for orifice
They told me the second thing is to start to lose your handshake
Maybe that was the excuse for his limp rusted rip
For a general man. I'm afraid to ask what the third thing is
That's a pretty good line. I'm afraid to ask what the third thing is he said
Carpe and of course. I'm sure they all went. I ve is he on comedian. No what
Carpe was meeting with supporters later in the day attending a local Democratic meeting that speaking and one or another good
Segway right into our poll for today
Send in by one of our listeners
With so-called comedian you think is the least funny
We have four to start here. There are so many we should have a sit-in for this list
With so-called comedian you think is the least funny Tom Arnold
Martin Lawrence
Chris Tucker or Dennis Miller that's to get started
This this simmiss would Dennis Miller man. I'm honest. They're gonna
Time the one the one thing I've always said is that somebody who tries very hard to be funny
And isn't is the one the most embarrassing thing that's him state of mind
I mean he works at it so freaking hard. Yeah, he he is to comedy with the rascal houses to food state of mind exactly
1028 at 560 WQM if you're underworked if you're trying to work like at Uncle Funnies or something like that because your real job doesn't make any cash
Here's the answer for you to get a real career get a computer career. Thanks to the frame you're gonna get from our friends at fast train
Call them today
You've heard me talk about it for a zillion years now over and over and over again
And you're sat around and thought hey, that's not pretty interesting
But you haven't made that taking the last step and made the call nobody else is gonna do it for you
5th train can really have you trained and certified before this year ends which is not that far off
The demand for computer professionals is still gigantic and what a way to get out of a dead end and or crappy job
Then it gets some real skills and a real career
There's no time better time than right now to get you a new high-paying job in a computer industry fast train offers job placement assistance
Convenient day evening weekend schedules force off the little locations
So there's bound to be one nearby you and fast train even offers financial assistance for folks who qualify
So pick up that phone right now when you call and talk to the good people at fast train
Be sure to mention Todd Drex name
1 866 fast train that's the number to call check them out first on the web if you'd like it fast train.com
And then make that call once and for all call 1 866 fast train
My
This is for you by sick
Hello, I'm Sol and I'm Harry here to tell you about a special place
From New York is the poke nose
That's where I want to go
I get away from it all
There was that in the poke nose
Ikefield
That's
I
For
I got a nine
Copa sat any punch
I'd buy the food on top of your
I hope it's coaching in the poke nose
And Buck Hill
Back in Bush Hill
And Johnny
There's even Mickey Rooney
Slidrock and Tresso
Oory less the pumpkin in the poke nose
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show
With Tony Orlando
In the poke nose
Get a hot cha-tah
You put a champagne
Sit by the pool and act like a show
Let's get the chicks you get me and I's girl
Over by the exercise
Hey, Julia Behan
In the poke nose
I top and Buck Hill
Can't roll back and Bush Hill
My belly and Johnny
Don't forget Mickey Rooney
Slidrock and Tresso
Oory less the pumpkin in the poke nose
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show
With Tony Orlando
In the poke nose
Let's go if I get your teeth this time
I know I got my teeth in the little bag with the water
And the evidence
1033 at 560 WQM
I guess Wesley Clark is
If he can't become president
He just wants to get some good deli along the way
Maybe that's it
All right, why is he going there
Maybe he's had some bad advice
Maybe he's got bad advisors
Here's the final
Well, let me just read this first
From our buddy in Cleveland
Says I find it so funny to listen to the right wing
Apologies for rush
He has so much pain from his back and neck problems
That's why he got addicted
It almost every clip they show him is on the golf course
I guess the pain leaves when he swings the golf club
And then maybe when he pops a couple of teeth
Sure
More of a straight out
Couple hundred
I also love how he admitted to being addicted to quote
Medication instead of using the word
Drugs
Drugs
Drugs
That's right
Medication sounds so sanitary
You know
That's what Sarasad
It's like saying it's like saying
Drugs instead of ass
Same thought
Drugave him to him
Right from a doctor
I mean, OxyContin is not even what they do
Call the hillbilly heroine
And who would rush your relate to
Better than the hillbilly
Is it good on redneck
So that's his crowd
So here's the final Italian from the poll
2019 votes
I'm saving this one Eric
This is a keeper
A frame
2019
What's your take on a rush limbaugh drug edition story
He's a big
Big fat hypocrite
940
I always knew he was full of schmit 595
Well, I'd like to really say the word
You know
I hope he never comes back to 18
Hey rush
Paper or plastic
You big fat spastic 81
I feel very sorry for him 75
I'm still a ditto head 58
And rush is God 52
So God's a drug addict
That explains a lot of things, you know
Sure
Maybe that maybe that's why the world is in the shape
I think we just discovered a secret of the uh
Problems in the world
Maybe God does most cannabis
Yeah, that could be it. He's a junkie
2019 now. Let's see 6.5
You that's interesting because it come out
9% exactly I mean right on the money 91%
For rush and 9% oh
I'm poor and that's the Robert Creeper factor again, right?
Because Robert Creepers the one who said
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe Robert creeped it
He's Robert the main time
Quit saying yeah, yeah, quit doing it Robert
You little fascist to self-hating you bastard you idiot you
How safe an act
I'm putting that over my creeper keeper pool
So let's get some more names for this real pool here for our uh so-called comedians
Dennis Miller and Tom Arnold are duke and uh I don't know who Chris Tucker is
Um, I'm trying to think if there he did those movies with we know his father Chan
Yes, yeah
But that hot buddy movie with Jackie Chan the couple of them
Cop buddy movie well
Yeah, that's what they call them. I realized that was these John Ruck you know who Jacky Chan is right no, I don't
That's something
That's you know that no, I don't watch cop buddy movies. I'm sorry. No me either
In fact the Erica Strata cured me of that you're looking to the ads for them. No, I've never seen
I don't know Jackie Chan. I don't know I know Charlie black man. I know Charlie Chan
I know a lot of spastic black people okay many of them call us they high boys
And they said I'm working our station too like Troy Stratford who hasn't got a new piece of copy since before
Bill uh, called her was a baby
And then I'm just seeing how your mind works. I different things pop into your head
Bill called her and Troy Stratford. You know what they had in common nothing bald ah
Here's for a lottery. Hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir. I was uh watching the dolphin came on Sunday and listening to the QAM broadcast at the same time
Absolutely, you know so I can hear the mad dog right and I just couldn't believe the screw-up job that your friend moated
Oh excellent. This is some of the best news of the week already. All right. Let me say what happened
Sometime in the second quarter this running back named Fred Taylor. He gets hurt
So they put in a guy named Tofield
And Tofield plays the rest of the second quarter and in the third quarter Taylor's back in the game
Well every time Taylor runs the ball he calls him Tofield and this is
Exactly this goes on and on and on and on
Finally he realizes that Taylor's in the game because he's
He's in the back of the jersey right so he says Jason Taylor made the tackle
Oh, no, I mean it was unbelievable Jason Taylor wasn't this guy even get his Taylor straight now
He doesn't know who has to be a father of chuckered pantsy words. You know he goes through a bad Taylor
He doesn't have a clue of what's going on now
Absolutely. I always just say
Thanks for the good news man. That's the best news like I said in the whole week
The checks in the mail sent him 10 million to okay
Don't go don't go away all the beesleaves money economy in good condition now 44% a year from now 64% all the optimists are out there
That's the way to see an end pull the bush approval rating went up a little bit. I got that story
So why is the market down today then but it's only down so like minimally
Well, look at that. They have a new on the gambling channel. Yeah, they have a new set now look at that
Speaking of them our different Ted David was on 60 minutes on Sunday when they were talking about him the health south that thing
About what that health south guy forget to the then the name of the CEO there. Well, what about Ted David
They just showed a clip of him because they were showing the CEO on the game. Did he mention my name?
And they let me show religiously and even my rip of an ass and he's a part of the problem at the gambling channel
And he ought to be in jail along with all those other fake reasoner especially that what's the ball headed creamer
Larry creamer is that his name? I don't know whatever the hell is there and there is
There's who that David David's on right now. Well, then they switched
No, you just made that up. Sure. baseball is a big story and weather is gonna play a role in a couple of baseball games
Now not in Boston today, but in Chicago and Wrigley Field actually right now is carrying down rain
But we'll be trying to run in and it will be dry at 7 p.m. of this evening central daylight talk. Okay, well you're boring
Okay, so it'll be fine by game time now this online nine says Miami again because Scott just can't he just can't take no for an answer
Just like rush here's Miami online nine alleged hello
Wanda Pikes is not funny
Who that was the guy again who that was the whisper?
No one likes he said wonder I heard what he said Wanda Pikes do we know who that is?
Who that is is she funny? No, okay Wanda Pikes well, there's the a chronic who actually had something to say today
Mark that day already, okay?
This is a better day. We got a whole bunch of moments. They absolutely nothing new of course. We got no mistakes
We got moments. They said you can shake your wick at and then of course
They're airwick at and we got over two thousand votes on a pull from yesterday
That rush is a big fat piece of crap and everybody's dancing on his grave and we're ecstatic about it aren't we?
bet
Although we don't only have 31,0665
I bet you if I were to want to do that crossover there with Kimba if I would have said you know
We need three hundred and thirty five bucks partner for band and pair rescue to get to 32,000
He to whip it out right there and to check book two and written a nice big fat one right?
He would have he would have he's a good guy
he has a man. She's one of the few good people in our station. We have a lot of
tight wad you know that don't want to come through with a few bucks
We need three hundred and thirty five bucks today. We are to since it's early in the day now
Now I got what you laughing about nothing. Nothing. I just don't know. No, no, no. No
The holidays over we had Columbus Day and the
Canadian Thanksgiving yesterday now everybody's supposed to be back
And a bottom line is all the big shooters are in there the heavy hitters
I know fat boys there because he was hockin' eight fat fat ham off the sabre is out of saber
Yeah, there were 11,000 people that showed up yesterday for their game. No, they're not drawn flies already
The people in Buffalo are just looking for a scuse to turn their ass on them. You're almost smelt it up here
But he could whip it out right now if he could find it
He's probably got his checkbook hidden in his full. Oh
No one will ever see the bigger member want to get fat again so he can find a good place to hide you the wallet
If you want to replace that old-town carpeting in your home if you want to save some money
Here's a good idea for you. Let me tell you about laminencer us do the easy low maintenance alternative to that very very expensive natural wood
Flooring that cost an arm in four legs like that cow you see the count has got two extra legs. No got six legs
Laminencer us is the best place to find limited wood flooring from Perrador per goville Sonart Unifor and Quickstep and all of laminencer us
Florens installed by people who really know their stuff per go certified installers
Here's another good reason why you should call laminencer us instead of anybody else their prices are so low that they'll probably
For you in fact right now you can get their fall special for just
1495 bucks see how good my memory is that's for me. Yeah
Just 1495 bucks gets you up to
295 square feet of beautiful laminen wood flooring it is positively unbelievable and
Unbeatable too and laminencer us speaking of unbeatable will match any legitimate written offer
You can't beat him with your stick for a free-and-home estimate call laminencer us toll free at 1 877
777 33 36 they make it so easy you'd have to be a fool to say no they give you free carpet disposal
Free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care
Laminen wood flooring column today laminencer us is a toll free call tell the cranky old deal torny to call 1 877
777 33
Bush campaign in presidential politics is tonight a four-star kind of it wants to transfer one against
Lords of their books the southern of military veteran had reservations against the war
Regards general was required
No
I'll tell you that the general pen 45 at 5.60 W.
Let's get some more names for the list.
And then I want to try something with this audio thing.
OK.
I want to try a little experiment.
A experiment?
Here's the cruel springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time first time, how you doing?
All right.
I got some great names for your list.
My female choice is whoopee.
And my male choice is Robin Williams.
Oh, excellent.
All right.
I think Robin Williams used to be funny about 30 years ago,
you know?
He's so ugly.
I'm just a man to him.
Yeah.
Two good choices, man.
Thanks.
Hi, thanks, bud.
See you.
OK.
We got the whoopee goldberg.
Oh, she gives me the willy's, man.
She just, I'm sorry.
The roster locks just I can't deal with it.
Does that make me a bad guy?
No.
Does it make me prejudice?
Yes.
Robin Williams and whoopee goldberg.
OK.
We'll have a list of about 100 here.
I guarantee you.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Miami, yes, sir.
Hi.
How are you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Hey, I'll guide me to the punch.
I was going to the desk.
We'll be goldberg also.
OK.
So, anyway, I just want to make that the desk.
And I appreciate you calling.
Stole your thunder.
OK, thanks, Palli.
Have a great day.
Must have been a psychic thing, don't you think?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 8 TNT.
Who's what's so-called committing to think is the least funny?
Now, let me just try this, OK?
I mean, I don't imagine John Records' land decarol.
But we probably have some people from Chicago, huh?
We must have, because we had all those phony cup fans
in the stands there.
And I don't care what anybody says.
Remember the caller the other day said
that they weren't any cup fans in the stands over the weekend?
That was a bunch of crap.
I saw all the parts, especially Friday and Saturday.
There was more cup fans there, and you can shake your wicket.
Now, let's see how this is going to sound, OK?
All right.
And it's going to work.
Trust me, my real one player.
And could let me go.
Oh!
Oh!
I am the leader!
I'm holding this thing in my hand.
No, no.
No, no, no.
John Records' land decarol.
You will as he was the credit.
Oh, it's all as you need to know the wind.
Now, if you can hear the bass in my speakers,
I'm very, you hear it loud and dark.
OK.
OK, now how does that sound?
Loud and TNT.
Really?
I mean, it ain't bad, but it ain't good, either.
Not like other things that you play from the proper places.
Well, no, I understand that, but I'm doing it over the mic.
I'm holding up a speaker.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
We don't have wired into the board.
Are you crazy?
Are you some kind of a lunatic?
Yes.
The things that we're going to go to such great lengths
to do something like that.
I could probably call one of the engineers up here,
one of our friends who set this studio up in the first place
and had them come out here without them even knowing it down there
and say, hey, I'll take you here.
I hear 50 bucks.
Look at these.
Oh, it's five minutes, five minutes of work.
Right, five minute job.
Stick a wire in there and put the...
So it didn't sound...
Try not to wait about that.
It's fine for effect if you want to make a point to where I something.
What do you mean by that?
Like another word, if you just say, hey...
Yeah.
No, because I was going to play like the Tanner stuff
and then enjoy Reynolds crap.
How's that?
Is that better?
What do I...
Let's say I'm weak.
Is that better?
Probably sounds better than most people's radio anyway.
Oh, there you go.
How do you like that?
See, especially on our great...
AM signal, although we are now.
What is it?
Are we HD, EV radio?
Digital, man.
Were it digital?
Is anybody in sound-phone have a digital radio?
No.
No, but man, it would sound really great.
How it sound just like Westbrook fan 4, he's in George
would sound like Walter Cronkite if he just had the right radio.
Absolutely.
Let's say J-Morr, M-O-R-H.
M-O-H-R.
Well, I'm not sure if I'm right.
Well, I got it spelled wrong.
Okay, well, I got the right letters.
She's just got them in a wrong order.
This is Lewin Westl Ray.
Or somewhere.
J-Morr, M-O-R-H-R.
I don't know who that is either.
I don't know who anybody is.
It's this guy.
Is so not effing funny.
It says, please add that no talent,
turd-f-ha-ha-ha.
Turd-fomer to your pole.
He's my hero.
Turd-fomer.
I didn't know that.
And he's not funny.
PS, I thought I did tons of drugs, as Lew,
until I heard about all the oxy's blimbo-limp noodle bought.
Jesus, was he dealing or something?
No, he was just having a good time.
He was just feeling mighty good.
Okay, look, a good old right-winger should.
Because he didn't listen to Nancy Reagan.
He didn't just say, no, he didn't say no.
He said, yes, please.
I should read all those articles again and again and again.
Because everybody loves it.
Sure, just play the tape.
We don't want to pee on everybody's parade necessarily.
Okay, have you heard anybody on here that we'd want to hear?
Vwana Johnny?
I can say, New Jersey.
How about Vwana Johnny for Scott there?
He probably don't even know who that is.
I don't want to hear it.
Oh, got you.
How about the real Don Steal?
How about Charlie Tuna?
Sure.
Wolfman Jack from KXL, Why Is Spokane 1975?
Wolfman Jack from Spokane?
No, I want to hear that.
Because I used to listen to Spokane radio a lot, exclusively.
Well, why don't you want to hear it?
That invent cool.
I do want to hear it.
I want to hear that.
What do you do want to hear it?
Somebody that we've actually heard of.
You never heard a John Records land decor in Chicago?
Who the hell do you think you are?
WLS?
A punk.
This will play.
If you have a play.
Otherwise, I'm going to have to, if it doesn't play, I'm going to have to, like, regroup.
We have regroup music for you, son.
Yeah.
Good air check here.
What is this?
It's a American graffiti time with Wolfman Jack.
Yeah!
One, two, three, a clock, four o'clock rock.
Five, six, nine, ten, eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock.
By the way, Bill Haley is still dead.
Is his hair still curly?
Oh, he still does have that spit curl.
Johnny Depp.
Are we going to hear the whole record?
I hope, what is this?
Come on, get the air checkers in.
What you're just trying to do?
Let me move my little button ahead.
You move your butt ahead.
Oh, I'm in the mood.
Oh, I'm in the mood.
Good luck with music, but we don't hear no Wolfman Joe.
You're dead.
Why is he just looking at me?
Like I said, it was a bad choice.
Okay, but that is going to work fine.
It'll be okay.
I mean, that's not real bad, does it?
No.
Oh.
Now, they've got speakers instead of all that bull crap you tell me.
But, oh, you probably don't have any audio card net computers.
How did you tell you that?
You have no sound card.
I just said it all the time and I'm putting it off on you because that's what I was doing.
I said you had no sound mind.
Oh, well, that's for sure.
Look who I work for.
Here's a call from Pompato.
Hello.
Pompato.
Can you believe that?
There's nobody in Pompato under the air.
There we go.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
What's wrong with my time for demo?
Okay, 5.67.
I hope he had a good time.
You think he was popping something?
I think so.
I think maybe they were sharing.
5.67.
05.60.
Pompato.
60 on the 8.80.
Oh, I know what I wanted to mention to you.
Yeah.
Because last Friday when you were off Scott was blaming you for his own ineptitude.
I was usual.
Because somebody said crap or something.
Mm-hmm.
And he said, oh, well George told me never hit the dump button.
I told him to stay away from things.
Yeah.
That's true.
I put that in.
Judges isn't necessarily a good idea when you're not there.
Him, him.
Because you should have seen the scene every time that anything questionable would come
up.
He scramble and ask me questions.
And I told him just calm down and leave decision making to other people.
I understand, but let me say it again.
When you're not there and when Miguel is there who's of course paying less than a
attention.
Oh, it probably wasn't a really good idea to leave the instruction in his mind.
I probably should have spoken to Miguel about that then.
Probably should have spoke to Miguel.
I thought I wasn't touching that button.
Jerry Seinfeld.
Now, because he'll start pressing all the time.
All the time.
All the time.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
He'll end his buddy Scotchow.
One in double.
And Jane Moore and Jerry Seinfeld will be adding.
Bill and for Lauderdale.
Oh, yeah.
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
She says,
Yene MUR Water resources,
Ye appreciative awareness
Ye inspirational awareness
Ye кноп ambassadors
Yehoon underwater
Verse enthusiasm
Ye Krajola,
At autumn 2021,
Ye musique
Ye
Ye
I
I
This is the night's best young woman of honor
Our real me on the east
This we talk about each time
It's a good day
The real Tuesday
Oh man
I think we're calling this as T-Toy and I'm gonna have to
I just picked up my 92 accord from your life
And it is on huge turd in the back seat
Are you stirred?
Yes
And there's one who likes to see?
I'm stirred! A paper! A big ass human turd
In the back seat of my car
Ma'am, I assure you our guys did not take a dump in your car
If you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it
You want to take a look at it?
My car is fine, it's that big ass turd in the back seat
Okay, what would you like me to do?
I said okay, come on, I'm going to your house and piss it low for you
Count how about that?
Ma'am, what would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here
Get this turd out my back seat
That's not gonna happen
What do you mean it's not gonna happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it
I am, I'm gonna bring it back there, you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna take a dump in every last car you got there
I'm gonna pee on your counter
I'm gonna do it all
Okay
To show you how it feels
Okay
And you know what you said, I'm a big girl and man
It probably came out your ass
Oh yeah, I don't make it happen
I'm gonna go on and take a dump in the car
I'm gonna tell you you wait
Uh, about 400 pounds
That's your turd
That's my turd
Yeah
That came up from a 400 pound man, huh?
That's a 400 pound man
Either that or gorilla
Okay
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office
And I'm gonna let the whole world see
You're gonna be on the news this evening buddy
I'm gonna get seven on my side
What? You're gonna be on the news
Can you describe the
The Jesus
I mean, what does it look like?
You know what it is, it came out your ass
What the hell is it?
What kind of
Ask me what color
I say what?
It smells ungodly
That's what it smells like
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil
I don't even know if I'm gonna take the hell
Well how many is it?
How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm
Oh
I don't think it's fun
Why y'all this is not fun
I got a damn
Too far four and my back feet
You know I think this is racial sick too
That's what this is
A little chance I'll run it away from it
I'm glad y'all find this funny
That's okay
I want to go to your province
For the fair and wheel suit, don't you?
All right, all right
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming off of it, okay?
Steve, Steve is coming off of it?
Yes
Oh, it's been a long time
I'm glad you're here
How long is it, huh?
I am taking this as a fresh shirt
Okay
What you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back
And we'll match it up
We have a lineup
We'll match it up with the other shirts that we have
Well what you need to do is learn how to use a toy
You're saying I can bring the shirt back to me?
No
You know what?
Is this the sample?
No
I'm starting to like it
You're going to keep it under the back
I'm going to keep it
Because it's a nice look
You know what?
It's a nice conversation piece
Okay, cool
Okay
Thanks
All right, thanks
Now that's Wanda Sykes
Yeah
Yes
I mean that's an amusing bit
And a lot of people like that
But is she like funny?
No
Sisha gets in both
Here's the facts
With somebody else's 80 Randi sends us his 50 top choices
Jay Leno, David Letterman, Ray Ramona
Chris Rock
Rosie Gack O'Donnell and LMD Generate
Well let's put them all on there
What the heck
I wouldn't even have about a hundred
Chris Rock on there
What?
Chris Rock is a life riot
And he uses the word
Wait a minute, wait a minute
We're not asking you
I agree with you
But with Jack Eamation
I'm going to put on there
Somebody faxed
I think Jack Eamation is hysterical
Even though he's been doing the same act for 50 years
He's still funny
It was funny in the 50s
No he's still funny
He's still very funny guy
Of course I don't see him
No, Moe, maybe that's why
It's compared to Moe
And we're just putting on the list
What the people say
Not the
You're not going to be the little dictator there
Well, you know, you like Chris Rock
I think he's a hysterical too
In little tidbits
He's not funny for like long stretches
You know what I mean
You've seen him in long stretches
No
Oh
I don't want to see him out
What the hell is that
Oh my god, look at that
I think that's alive
I just watered up that list at Randi's semi
And now it's like unfolding on the floor
It's like moving
It's crawling around
Let's see
Here you go
Rosie O'Donnell
And Ben Stein
I was Ben Stein supposed to be a comedian
He's not a comedian, is he?
Yeah, well
I don't know how much stand-up comedy he's done
But he's supposed to be a comic
Ben Stein
I guess
And is in when Ben Stein's money
That guy that right-wing us self-hating Jewish whole
Cleaner all
Okay, put him on there
Okay, Ben Stein
He's about as funny as cancer of the rectum man
Now listen, I want to see if this is going to work
I don't know and maybe you'll remember some of this
And maybe you won't
All the way better take
Hold on, don't play it Neil, don't play it
I think the key is
Pause it
Oh, thank goodness
Because if I don't get the lady and Davy
I'll show her run away
Here's the lady and Davy
Well, I have the wrong line
Here's Miami
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I was wondering if he had Bob Sagitt on that list
Bob Sagitt
That is a good choice, Bob Sagitt
Oh, he's terrible
Okay
He finds himself very amusing by the way
Oh, he does
That's better
Good choice pal, thanks
Thanks
Here's the lady and Davy right here
Hello
Hello
Yes man
Can you hear me?
I hear you just like you run the phone, right?
Do you hear me?
Very good
Excellent
I fell on his dime
So I'm going to make this quick
Okay
Can you, I heard the other day
You play it a rector
What do Christians do for fun?
My husband didn't hear it
Can you please play it again?
It's coming up in four or five minutes
Thank you so much
Just for you, thank you
Have a great day
How do you like that?
What are going to do for fun?
Now
Let's see if this thing will play
Oh, jeez
I'm going to do the slide
and a tape
I'd like my wife to do for fun, Bill
I'm going to do the slide
He could probably tell us
We will enjoy it
Slide right
We can get him up
See?
He's just trying to do the overall objective
Okay, let me slide it in here
I'm kind of found out why I would have it
He's still going
Don't play to the end
One under and one under and six
And three
This fight, what you may have heard
I'm going to do the same
Radio station, it is six
Only three
You may be able to
You may go up and hear the time is change
It has to change
Why, 100?
I'm just trying to pick up the pieces of our clock here
Which took one look at Jim really
And covered its face with its hands
This is an image
So this is the Calvin Company
Yes
Are you, what time do you have?
Well, what's up?
You know what happened
I knew this man Jim really
Read the wrong thing in the newspaper
It's 10 minutes after six, right?
Right
He can't have everybody in my anneals too
Oh, no
Yeah, for a few
You know, I'm under a
Tanner the money
He can't have the right home
The life is
Covered his face with his whole hands and change
And again, it's a life that we wanted to be six
Seven
Seven
What's it? That's enough
That's your thing
Oh yeah
He was good though
I don't care what you say
He was good on ear
Even if you think he's an asshole
Who Tanner?
Yeah
I never said he wasn't good on ear
Oh okay, I'm just saying that
I'm just observing that he had a pretty damn good show
I just had a hated him
So I came along and kicked his ass on Zeta
Nice going Neil
Excellent
Ex-Napal's priest faces new sex abuse suit
I just can't believe all these stories
I think we're just making these up
This is quite a story too
Two more pages if you want them
Uh, are they juicy?
Err
No, juicy
I think all the good stuff is on here
Former St. Anne's alter boys
Latest accuser of William Romero
Who also faces a Miami criminal probe
Hey father
How's it going father?
What's that thing in your neck there
That little white piece of cardboard there
Why?
That's like a license
You know how you like to have your driver's license
Right in your wallet
Will you put your license to molest children in your on your neck
Father
Would you help a normal old boy
On a Catholic channel
No
They tried to be good Catholics
When their son said he had been sexually abused by Father Willie
Oh no I can't do that name
Oh no
Thank goodness his name wasn't Father Johnson
Abused by Father Willie in the rectory of Syrectumry of St. Anne Catholic Church
The Naples floated a couple was dumbfounded
They turned to another priest for help
Uh oh
He told him to keep quiet for the good of the church
What a surprise
In return they were promised the Reverend William Romero would leave St. Anne
And never again work as a parish priest
Or in an unsupervised setting with children
That was in 1976
Earlier this month the former alter boy in St. Anne's student
Now a 40-year-old married father living in Lee County
Filed suit against Romero on the archbishop of Miami
All right
Planning church leaders broke the secret pact
Like quietly transferring the wayward priest to other parishes
Where he debuts more children
What a surprise huh?
How unusual
This is their church
This is where they pray it's at Naples attorney Ted Zelman
Sounds like a real uh, Jew boy to me
Referring to the decision by the victim's parents in generation to go to trust their spiritual leaders
Rather than go to police or the court system
Southwest Florida was partly my my my art style season till 84
When Catholic churches in Codia leased their assault in seven other counties
They came partly new diocese of Venice
Maybe they were on the gondola maybe they're in the gondola with foster hewitt
That's why the lawsuit was filed in dates county circled court in names archbishop John C. Faberola
Is a defendant along with the Romero to which we say
All right
The victim who threw some into climate interview request is identified in court papers only as AB
AB
That sounds like another Jewish boy AB
AB ischcapable
According to a legal complaint Romero gradually initiated inappropriate conduct with the victim when the boy was 12 or 13
First it's a child's home through a game of leapfrog and later on an overnight stay at the St. Anne rectumry a game of leapfrog
And the all their boy arrived at St. Anne for what he thought was a group sailing trip with his youth pastor and
Catechism teacher he realized no other students were present
Later that night after returning from a movie with another priest Romero persuaded the boy to shower with them
lawsuit states Romero proceeded to touch the boy's sexual organs while masturbating himself
Sounds reasonable the 66 year old former priest who resigned from the clergy earlier this year
Made an internal diocese probe of sex abuse complaints couldn't be reached for comment despite thought coastal as home in
Love Bell how do you like that? I don't how about Patti love Bell, huh
She's another fact that says
Please tell uncle Neil that a well voters users can vote in polls and get results just use internet explorer to access neo-rangers.com and vote your asses off
It says no chance this way either
So I guess if you go direct to a well your screw is what they're trying to say that what that what it is
I guess so use internet explorer man because a well blows the oh and it stands for obnoxious outrageous
unfrikan acceptable
a well
Would we hit more a well or bell saw answer?
12 minutes after 11 at 560. How's Gary started doing haven't seen him lately?
He's busy with his new months. I wonder if I'm gonna be able to see his
Close personal friend is twin in Europe next time I go. I wonder if I'm gonna be seeing him hanging around
What up? Oh man if you I got a you're right. I got to start taking a camera
Start taking the pictures you would you would pee in your pants the audience is hungry for images
He's in a pod two peas in a pod. It's Gary sarner junior and I'm stood on baby. I've been a pod
Yes, as a matter of fact, it's fun
In fact it worked for what's his name it worked for uh on what was that galactica?
What?
In galactica didn't he pee in a pod? Oh in galactica
I call it galactica galactica
galactica
Well, I don't want to say that because it sounds like he's in a pod now that he did
It's that time of the year against speaking of a ping on your mattress
If your old mattress is ahead some accidents like that and maybe it's just lumpy and worn out for you
Here's the way to get you a new mattress and a great night sleep for years to come
One easy call what a simple people a piece of shopping for even simple people
That's right just pick up your phone and call a data mattress any day
365 days a year and they give you the best deal going all the way around
They've got the top prices and the best deals on dozens of top models from all the big names in a business
Sealy surre to temper ptick Simmons King Coral Stearns of it and a foster so call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES and just sit there on your ass. They'll be there no time at all
No nonsense. No bait and switch no house brands no phone promises and best of all
You'll never have to pay premium for the best service going anywhere
You've got service like you only dream about from the delivery team rank number one customer satisfaction
When you called out a mattress at 1 800 mattress you still get to pick the day and time for delivery and they show up
It's like a freaking miracle any to our windows seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m
Believe you me you'll be sleeping like me like a baby on your dial amatris like I've been doing three years
Low prices same data delivery free stuff and removal what's not to like it's easy to see
Why dial amatris is the best in the world and customer satisfaction
So don't get sucked in by those mattress rooms or furniture stir ads. They're not in the same league with dial amatris
Call them right now. They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all when you want them to call 1 800 mattress
1 800 mat tr e s or you'll find them online at mattress.com
My name is
This is for 20 devices
You way in
You've been sitting watching the tv with the finger up there, but whoa
I
know
First
You
Give
I love to know, I love to know, I love to know
I love to know, I love to know, I love to know
Do the garris hole in touch while meaning out their gun
I love to know, I love to know what Christians super fun
Do the garris of the fish, from the tailgate of their truck
Whoa, I love to know, I love to know what Christians super fun
Sid and stand and eat and sit back down again and chew
And watch it all bound with a twelve pack of fruit
Live a life of boredom up to heaven you go
Got always find the fun for in that hole
Whoa, I love to know, I love to know, I love to know
I love to know, I love to know, I love to know
What a glam doofre fun, it's love at 18 at 560 WQM
Here's one that says, please help me with this comedian's name
I know it's lame to say, I hate him, can't remember his name
He has divorced a little kid named Bobby on a cartoon show, he's Canadian A
And says, God damn it, I hate these and my memory can sell us take a hike
Take pity, his name is Bob's name, God Bob can't go off weight
Is that everything it is? I wrote that with a question mark
Because I don't know who he means but that's my guess
Oh, his Bob
Bob? Spongebob? Spongebob? Spongebob?
Here's two, Sid, that and Kira top
Kira top
Are we gonna pick on Kira top again?
Please
Good, let's do it
Oh no, Cystis, we count abuse by priest
Are you making these up? I think you just have a place where we just crank and easing
You know it, cranking up these bubble my shoes that they say in Siberia
I belong to a group
Oh, do you know those letters that we were talking about this before?
The letters home from the soldiers that turn out to be really bogus
The form letters?
The letters appeared in roughly 12 newspapers across the country
From Massachusetts to California and from many places in between
Family members and local newspapers received letters from soldiers from the second battalion
The 530 infantry regiment detailing their successes at Northern Iraq
Um, and a guy, why can't we get to the right part of it?
Amy Connell of Sharon Masch knew as soon as she received the letter from her son Adam that he didn't write it
He's 20 years old, I saw her in the news last night, you see her?
No
He's 20 years old, I don't think this is his language or his writing ability would have entailed that kind of description
She was right, her son didn't write the letter and emailed the ABC News today
The commander of the battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Dominic Caracelo, said the letter writing initiative was all his idea
propaganda baby
Caracelo said he circulated the form letter to his soldiers to give them an opportunity
To let their respective hometowns know what they are accomplishing here and cure cook
As you might expect they're working extremely fast, past getting the good news back home is always easy
The good news sounds like more Christian fun
We thought it would be a good idea to encapsulate what we as a battalion of accomplice in surviving in Iraq and share that pride with the people back home
He wrote that his staff drafted the letter, he edited it and reviewed it and then offered it to soldiers
Every soldier who signed that letter did so after a careful read he said
Some of could find a time decided to send their own versions while others chose not to take part in the initiative
Caracelo was on apologetic saying the letter perfectly reflects what each of these brave soldiers has and continues to accomplish on the ground is what he said
And he said you believe me?
Sure said that, you believe me?
About cat cold weight, that's what we think but I really don't know it
I hope he's not Canadian
I have a public service announcement
Yes, it's how he mandel
That does it
Oh, I'm so glad we got how he mandel on there
He makes my inner just twitch
He makes my kiss use ache
I don't understand how he mandel at all, at all
I've never been able to understand why anybody would think he's funny, he's annoying, he's irritating
I'm so glad we got that, thank you
You don't understand how he's up there?
No
How he got to where he is today
Oh, not another one, is this the pre-sting? What is this?
Oh, you've got so much stuff coming in here now
What about the pink killer edition? Is there more to that?
There better be two more pages if you want them
Well, please, I...
Oh yeah, because it's about our good friend Rush
That's what the whole thing is about, all Rush, all time, you can't hear Rush himself
So what we'll do is we'll just rip him an ass for four hours every day while he's in rehab
And we'll probably get Will not on here, how's Will not do it?
Won't see her normal
Anyway, let's see, should we do that one first? Let's get some more names for this poll, we've only got 100 of them
Which so-called comedian you think is the least funny?
See, and then of course when I like that the Randy, which is a factist, still rolled an amount on the floor moving
When I sent a list of eight, I mean, what does that mean?
I guess he's just trying to put names that he thinks belong on list, but that doesn't, it's not really responsive to the question
So, Monashhtar and Halalah Azazah, why shouldn't they be any different from any other day?
Because they just don't respawn, they have like their own agenda, they have their own homosexual agenda
201 votes, not too bad
Tom Arnold 49, Dennis Miller 44, I hope Dennis Miller wins
I don't want to, I don't want to influence this, but I hope Dennis Miller wins because he's a freaking asshole man
So I voted for, he's a moron
I'm so glad that ABC took a deep inside the old bottom, right Tom?
Twice, put in him on a Monday night football, which was an absolute abortion
And the fact that we had people on this radio station where they said, oh well he's not so bad, he's a piece of crap
Yeah
When he added to those broadcasts, you can put in a teacup and have room for the guy that Chinese army left over
Maybe they could try someone who ain't a Nazi next time
There you go, or maybe somebody who actually has something to do with sports or sports broadcasting as opposed to trying to bring some curmudgeon in there who thinks he's a comedian
Sports!
Some Nazi, although they said Heinrich Himmler was a lot of fun today at Cocktail Party
Tom Arnold 49, and then of course the rushed thing on ESPN, they jammed that right up the right dome
Yeah, Donald and McNabb took his foot and shoved it right up, rushes ass, said, hey rush it hurts but the top of couple, the panel stopped real quick
You'll be golfing at no time at all
And then amazing how some of these banschers, they're always playing golf, OJ with his bad knees, he's playing golf
He got rushes like an tremendous neck and back pain, he's out there whacking it around, whacking it around
Man, Tom Arnold 49, Dennis Miller 44, Martin Lawrence 21, it just changed again
I'm hoping maybe Dennis Miller moves up a little, oh look at that
Like I said, Dennis Miller, see the power of Neil, you see that?
Yeah, look good
I'm just tied, and Tom Arnold 49 and Dennis Miller 49, he's got a past, I'm Arnold like he's standing still
Whoopi Goldberg 22, Martin Lawrence 22, I'll tell you another guy who I think is not funny at all
And everybody who's going to be pissed off when I say this, John Litter
No, don't be picking on poor John Litter, oh he wasn't funny
John, he was a nightcourt, big guy, goofy looking guy
You mean John Lerichette?
John Lerichette, and do you think he's funny?
He's funny in shows, but as far as John Lerichette
He's not funny, he's an asshole man, John Lerichette, get him on there
I'd rather see Cliff Arquette, at least he was funny
Right?
Sure, I'm going to butcher this name
Cliff Arquette was great, John Lerichette, LARIQU as in queer, Queen, QUETTE
You got your two TTs there?
Yes, E, John Lerichette, good
Let's see, Martin Lawrence 22, Rosio Donald, that fat, that bitch has got 15
We hate you Rosy, there's a lot of hate pent up in this, and that's why we like to show so much
As we get a chance to like, win and doubt, we let it out
Top another one, Rush, Ben Stein 10, so I guess he is supposed to be
Although I don't know, I thought he was just a philanthropist who gives his money away when he wants a lot of publicity for it
And a right-wing asshole
How come most of the assholes seem to be right-wingers, you know?
Hmm
Wanda Sightseine, Robin William VI, Yuri Seinfeld VI, Caratop V, Chris Tucker and his mother, five, Tim Allen, five, Ray Romano, four, Jacky Mason's got four
So you think, who is he who was he who was he named into long enough, or Chris Rock? Well, he probably, he's got one
That's probably the guy who sent an A-man
Yeah
L-indee generates got two, nothing funny about that bitch, I'll tell you that right now, she makes my skin crawl
Why? Why does anybody like her because she's a dike?
See, if you're gonna like dikes, at least like what, attractive ones, you know, hot dikes
There's nothing worse than a cold, flabby dike like her
She's a flabby, cold, nasty dike who's not attractive, she's not funny, she just won't go away
That's the thing that bugs me about her, she won't go away
She just keeps coming back over and over and over
They keep sticking her on there
That's what I'm saying
She keeps making a comeback that bitch
And the public says, ah, nah, she's like a little uh, little too dikey for us
And then of course, and hate, what the hate she's going on with her
She's great
Like this week she's straight, she's with a guy and then next week she's like, uh, over the place
1127 and 560 WDQM, hey if your hair's all over the place, mostly off your head
Here's the answer for it, Charles Hoppery and his natural hair line system
You can monkey around with all these other people, you can listen to all these other peddlers out there
Everybody in the world now is peddling hair pieces and holes in the head and magic pills that make your hair grow back
Not
The natural hair line system is the best in the world which is for a while for over 25 years now
People with the big bucks and even shleppers go to Charlie and everybody in between to matter how much you spend
You can't get a better looking head of hair than the natural hair line system
And that's why they call it natural hair line because that's what it looks like
Life hair is really growing out of your scalp like it's your real hair
As opposed to a dead farm enemy along your head
So you have nothing to lose but the bald spot because when you get it everybody gets Charlie's 38-day guarantee
If you don't love the way your hair looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting a head at least 15, 20, 30 times today
Return it Charlie, give your money back no problem at all
And be sure to mention my name when you call because Charlie give you 200 bucks off the regular price
Just for having the cajon's to mention the arroggers when you make that phone call
The number to call toll free to get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
It's 1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto it, Charles Alphairi.com
Hey lady, the heart of rock and roll, heart of rock and roll is still beating
With the ventricles and the arden, Cleveland's already with shipwagon and the flagol and all those places
The King of Comedy is about to become the prince of pop, it's Jerry Lewis and the news
Hey lady, oh please I'd like a new drug, no need those ways
It's a nice man, the pharmacist type person, and the white dog lady's eyes, I need that new
Hey, it's hip to be square and it's even hipper to buy something round like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news
Available, you can find it wherever find record is sold with a nice man behind the cow that they have you find it with a nice lady
Person, okay, why? You don't know
So book of offices, Jerry Lewis is the least funny and I don't think you're going to get too many arguments, right?
Okay, I mean once upon a time he was funny, I can't be sure to waste her
Anyway, put his ass on there, now if you could have just seen her, you watching CNN by any chance?
No, I've been flipping around though
Too bad, the naked protest? No, they just showed Wesley Clark at the Rascal House talking to private-year-old Jews
Oh my goodness, they had one woman sitting there, she looked like death on wheels, man, it's unbelievable
Did she have a walker with wheels? No, she didn't have no walker, she was squatting down, she was busy pushing her pickles and her coleslaw into her sack
And we're bagged with a couple of dingled berries
Man, Wesley Clark, I guess this, I don't know what that's all about, do you?
No, I really don't, but he ought to go to Vick and Herbs
Yeah, if you want to go see some living and breathing people out of the age of 100, go to Vick and Herbs is right, that's a good idea
Yeah, they're white-hots, get a good meal
Anyway, here's a whole list again, the official unfunny list, they won't play by the game, they just refused to do it
Bill Mar is on here, but he's not supposed to be a comedian, he's just an asshole
Oh, he's done stand-up, that's so...
Oh, get him on there then, I want to change my vote
I want to change my vote, I dislike him even more than I dislike Dennis Miller
I want to change my vote
Dennis Miller, at least just, you know, he's just a good goose-stepping right-wing asshole
But Bill Mar is this, like, I've always told you, he's like a poor man's dick-cavid, which is really saying a lot
Yeah, that's a shri-
And I know we're not going to do the little twerp thing, because I thought about that, we've already done that poll, who's the wimpiest and little twerpiest, we've done that
Bill Gates, that crowd can
And Bill Mar was on there, and he deserves to be on this one too
And I know there are a lot of people out there, but Bill Mar is such a great political man, he's an asshole, man
This is the same guy, he wrote the book when you're driving your SUV, you ride with the Osama, remember that?
Yeah, remember that stupid book is?
Of course, if you're driving my Corvette, I guess, I'm riding with Osama, because it still takes gas to run you more on you idiot
If you're driving a car that gives you like 50 miles a gallon, you're still riding with Osama, because you're still putting gas in it
And you got it, Bill, you idiot, you're simple than you, man
Talk about another state of mind, Bill Mar, he's a no wonder he got fired everywhere he's ever been, he's even worse than Mo
Absolutely
Well, I'm sorry, that's getting carried away
Johnny Carson, somebody says, I would agree with that
I mean, I'm not saying that he never, some of his car-mac routines or whatever, yeah, some of the stuff was mildly amusing once in a great while
But for all those years, what was funny about him, and Jay Leno, was he's already on there, right?
Toady Fields, I don't be picking on dead people now, he was a panic, a senior wences, now that's not right, senior wences, what's he at that point I brought a line, you stuck with the rock on there
Well, no, I'm sorry, senior wences number one, he's dead and number two, most of these people don't know who it is, number three was very, very funny
So, got it, so got it
Got it, and he painted it
Jackie the joke man, Martling
I want to change my vote to him
We're trying to even know Jackie the joke man had a last name, but obviously he does, now what is he doing now that he and I'm a stern show anymore?
I don't know, nothing to help
No, I'm sure somebody will start something to help
Some New Yorker type, I'm surprised Scott hasn't jumped right in there to tell us
Jackie the joke man, is he on there with Opium and the Anthium?
Who cares?
And it says, any asshole at an open mic night at a local comedy club, you're right, oh I know who could be on air, he won't cause nobody knows who it is
What's a focus friend there?
Jackie Patterson
Steve Patterson? Steve Patterson, he's about as funny as terminal hemorrhoidosis man
Should we put people on here that somebody might have heard of though?
No, I'm not putting them on, I just just said, I just mentioned that in passing
This is a little stoch the book of Brian, or your buddy is about as funny like I said as an aneurysm
Hey, did that schoo-gans bit? Like I said, awful
Now do I want to do the system? I better take some calls, we got a lot more names to put on there
We got some very important stories including the drug habit, hard to kick thing
I'll be damned
Here's a call from some beach, you don't say what beach but some beach, hello
I'm a Miami Beach Neil, thanks son
I would like to recommend for the list, Dudley Moore
Oh poor Dudley Moore who's dead but a lot of people
You're right, I agree with you
And let me add one more thing about Rush if I might, you know what I mean?
Please, we nude his contract and was going deaf at the time
I would imagine he did not tell the people he was negotiating with that he was going deaf at the time
Absolutely correct
Didn't tell him at all, of course you didn't tell about the pills but I'm sure he's not telling the guys I'm going deaf
Still give me 33 million a year
Yep, well said, thanks a lot, Pell
Bye, bye, bye
Dudley Moore, another guy, he's dead but I mean there's a dead guy we can pick on because I thought he was just, I think his name said it all the first part, Dud
Right? Sure, he did
Just another little kind of like a munchkin guy that, you know, club club
At least, at least what's his name Mr. Martini Danny DeVito, at least he's funny
Yeah, I'm not fall down on a floor funny but he's funny, he's that he amuses us every now and then
Did he amuse us?
I like Danny DeVito, especially in the kuhuznest Mr. Martini
I have a martini, Mr. Martini, although I did love it wasn't it was it not Ellen Burston? Who was it?
Nurse Ratchet?
Don't tell me, don't tell me, I always confuse her, don't tell me
I always confuse her with Ellen Burston, Ellen Burston of course was Sarah
Right, she also was an exorcist, right?
She played Reagan's mother
Of course, Ronnie forgot about it
Louise Fletcher, yes
Oh, very good, thank goodness, see I have now I have a little confidence I can live another week or two
Louise Fletcher, no, lower Fletcher, Louise, Louise, geez Louise
So who else did we just put on there that sucks and blows big the chunks?
Dudley Moore, very good
Hey Rush, can you hear us?
No, here's Deerfield, hello
Hey, yeah, I don't like to say, well, Carrot Top was my top on my pole anyway
But Norm McDonnell and Colin Quinn, both of those guys, they're terrible
Norm McDonnell is a dud, yeah, okay, thank you, good choices, Norm McDonnell, who was the other one he said?
Colin Quinn
Colin Quinn, who the hell is that?
He replaced Norm McDonnell when he got fired because he wouldn't shut up about OJ
Oh, he wouldn't shut up about OJ
So Saturday nightly, he used to do the news on Saturday nightly
Yeah, I haven't watched that since it used to be good
Norm was very funny, I used to watch that show all the time when it was good
Took a shot at OJ during every newscast
And they told him why don't we like him then?
I like him a lot, his stand up routine was hysterical, he did the news
Well, this guy don't like him, put him on the right hand
I thought I hated Norm McDonnell, was that all McDonnell?
Hey, OJ, they still hate you
OJ, they hate you like poison
What just happened to that thing?
Look at that
Oh, look at what I got, see he's messing up my whole again
Second day in a row, I can't get rid of Rush
If I was having another time, I'll bring him to the point
Oh man, he's finally stuck his nose in there
64 for Dennis Miller, what did I tell you?
Which so-called comedian you think is the least funny
Tom Arnold 56, Wurpy Goldberg 25
Just the hair is enough to just send me into orbit man, I can't handle it
Martin Lawrence 24, Rosio Domel 18, Carrotop 14
London Sacks 11, even with that fresh turd
Vince Stein and Bob Sagitt rhymes with Faggot and Maggot
Tenepiece and Dragott right across the room
Right through the soup, Jerry Seinfeld's got seven
A Ray Romano's got seven Robin Williams six
Tim Allen five, Chris Tucker five, Jackie Mason's got four
LND Jermits got four that night, Chris Rock's got four George, four votes for Chris Rock
What do they know? I'm not agreeing with him, who now is this guy?
My family and friends pretty much make fun of me constantly
I don't think I could ever let it go to my head so much
It's been a lot of fun, it's been very flattering
Bob Faggot?
What's he doing with his chick on there? Well, of course he's kind of going to be too
What's he not going to do her? He's a Faggot
Who is that? What is that? What show is that?
It's some new dating show, something like that
Another realy romance and realy
That's a screamer man, up there, he's floating
I don't even have gate already studying it all
Just like that, on the awful, what was that? What the hell is it?
Just in Guarini, man
Yeah, the wini part, he liked, look at that
I mean, he's actually not that bad
If he just shut up, he's one of those guys, look at right there, he looks pretty good
He can't stop
Bob Gwyny, he's still speaking
Oh, don't say those S's, don't say the S words, man
The S's are flying right through my TV all the way up here, I can't deal with it
Maybe not, maybe we're wrong about that
Let's cut him some slack
1141 at 560 W2QM when your carpets need like a serious help
When they look really schmootsy and they may even smell bad
When you're embarrassed by how filthy your carpets are
Don't go throw in a mountain, spend a ton of money for expensive new carpeting
Do the smart thing like I always do for over 20 years I've been doing it, call our friends to drive concepts
They're the best in the world, it'll be a miracle on your floor, I guarantee it
I'll bet Scott Jr's life on it, and George too, I'll throw him in there too
Because they always do an unbeatable spectacular job, they're the number one carpark cleaning and company in the world
The only people who actually dry clean your carpets, an exclusive patented method
that allows them to suck out the dirt that's way down in there, and if I'm as your carpet
Which makes them look brand new, stay law cleaner longer and last longer too
And smell them any fresh in a couple of hours, they're dry ready to rock and roll again
And right now dry concepts are for you a chance to say 15% on that next carpark cleaning
Just call dry concepts at the usual toll free number, 1-800-248-5071
And ask them to put in you understand violas, tell them to put it
And then dry concepts will come out the next time they have an opening in that schedule
Like when you fly standby, if you're available when they have an opening they'll knock 15% off the already low regular price
And keep in mind they give you that written guaranteed price up front before they start doing the job
So call dry concepts today, and to be put on understand violists, they might even have an opening for you
Today or whatever date you might be calling, they'll still give you the 15% off on a price of the job
Here's the toll free number, 1-800-248-5071
Don't play a Russian roulette with your expensive carpeting
Talk to our friends who dry concepts because they definitely are the best in the universe
1-800-248-5071, or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com
My life and locals, this is Fort Real 5 City, UAV-2AM
I urge everyone to complain to this station
First there was the club, the anti-fab device that locks to the steering wheel of your car
Then there was the cap, the anti-fab device that prevents these from picking your airbags
Now there's the ultimate in state of the art that's protection, introducing the crap
Two and a half pounds of steaming human excrement that locks neatly to the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles
Properly installed the crap that turns even the most of the permanency
Hey nice car, they let the door unlock, let's take this for a little spin
Oh my god someone took a dump on the front seat, that is disgusting
I'm moving on to the next car
One wave of the crap and thief will move on to one other car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human excrement on the front seat
We guarantee it, order the crap for your car today and anyone who tries to steal your car will be in teeth
Well, you know, here we should do 1147-13 to know we got the mad dog at 2, the Humprad 4, 7 o'clock you got your playoff edition of Marlon's on deck
745, this is the one baby, do or die, Marlon's at the Cubs game 6, it will bring the field 745-2Nive
And it came follows the baseball game and Joe and Mark and they're lowly rated Joe overnight 2-5
Now maybe they'll have a good this summer book do you think?
We don't know
Well, maybe so do you have a good summer book because Thursday at 1 p.m. Look out now comes the big summer book coming up
Enormous tremendous pressure, wait till you're who's coming up on this thing
If it ever decides to play, Joey
No
Talk about great audio on
High five
It is a flashback action, romance on a Friday night called Baby It's You Number 10 Song, hey would you believe this in the second period is highly a 20
Coral Gables Nothing
Thank you
Attention, every team from Humprad said the QS
It's finally happened now a blast to the dance especially for every YMO in the Keys
Tomorrow night, Diamond Head presents Dr. C and the Undertaker
It's Diamond Head rec center with the middle of my number one on US 1
All the other air division time with Dr. C plus a little bit of soul
Music starts at 7 30 with Go Go girls, dance contest and cash prizes
At the game room open 7 days a week in 301
Diamond has the only dance in the Keys and I've got a lot of smack dab on US 1
Hey get on down there we'll be looking for you tomorrow night
We'll be coming down there right after we get off the radio at 9
You have a little candy and sure you want to go along?
No
You ever been to Adam or Rada?
You don't keep us off you
You don't wanna go
I don't know we're gonna go down there anyway
We'll be looking for you at the Diamond Head tomorrow
I want you to pay me
I think he has his four fingers
I've got a certain mic on it
Yeah you've got it
First rules you learn it very well
It's always certain mic on before you solve
Right, okay, halftime score
We got four, Jim
Jackson 21, Edison 7, that's a halftime score
Let me check that out here Jackson how much?
21, Edison 7
Oh, I thought they were playing ball meta
Tiger radio
What the hell is this show? How good a score keeper I am right now
That's all mine
That's enough
I got set Rick that's enough you can't shut him up
I got 36
1966, Ricky Tickie Shaw
And he's still going strong
I hold the head and fret
You go boy
Yeah you go boy
Rick Shaw he's okay
He calls us every once in a while just to make sure we know he's still alive
What do you say that one day?
It was a weepy
Remember that day when he caused that I do great radio
I didn't know whether to just scream or lick a banana
He don't want to laugh to you
He doct is filthy kept me
By the way get that thing dry clean maybe dry concepts can help you out, Ricky
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line
Here's plantation hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
I would just say Jimmy Kimball or P.V. Herman
Jimmy what?
Kimball
Jimmy Kimball
And P.V. Herman
Okay thanks
Jimmy Kimball
Who else do me Kimball?
I've heard of him, but
Okay
I think what about P.V. Kimball
Oh Jimmy Kimball?
Yeah
That one funny guy
Okay and what about P.V.
I'll put him under
Yeah
Put P.V. on there okay
P.V. is a character that we want to put Paul Rubens on there
Oh Paul Rubens is a pervert
The P.V. Herman is a character
He's the comedian
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60
You don't think of Paul Rubens's gay dude
No
You think so?
I don't know
You can't be gay and do stuff with little kids unless you're a priest
Do you know that?
I got the memo
Which is a good segue into this story
Sisters' recount abuse by a priest
The two sisters hadn't spoken about the incidents for more than 30 years
About 30 men
Even now it's difficult for the women both in their late 40s
to talk about the times they were molested by a priest in the rectum re
of St. Patrick's Church in Mazeville
Now where the hell is Mazeville? Do we know what paper is this?
Since an attic
It's in Ohio
It was always there, said the older of the two, who was 14 when she was sexually assaulted
I wanted to be a nun, but I thought I was an evil person
An evil doer
The woman and her sister, both of whom, is still living in the area and asked not to be identified
Settled her claim this past weekend against the Catholic diocese of Covington
The diocese paid 750 grand of them and a third person, a man who was molested as young teen
In the late 60s, St. Patrick's, said the attorney Barbara Boner of Covington
B-O-N-A-R, Barbara Boner
Boner
The man said he was molested by Earl Beermin, who was serving a 20-year prison sentence
I think Kentucky State Reformatory after pleading guilty in 1993
to molesting boys in Mazeville, Newport and Covington in the 60s and 70s
Beermin is still a priest but he's been prohibited by the Church
from carrying out any priestly duties using the term father with his name
Oh God!
He can't carry out any priestly duties or use the name father but he's still a priest
I think I've got this shortage going on
I told a monkle
Is that what it is?
The two women identified their molester as former priest David McPherson
who was assigned to St. Patrick's parish, Newton at the parish school in the 60s
And it goes on
Now comes the good story
The stuff that we're really sinking our teeth into these days
Hippocrits is us, that's Russia's new deal
Instead of the O-I-B and the E-I-B and all that bull crap
Hippocrits is us, H-I-U
Pain-Killer Rediction Difficult to Beat
Conservative Radio Talk Show is Russia Limbo who last week checked into a 30-day treatment program
Howling
About 30 men
To break his addiction to painkillers faces a challenge greater than trying to silence throngs of liberals
Ready for that?
I'm ready
A challenge greater than trying to silence throngs of liberals
More than four million Americans are addicted to painkillers among those who seek treatment
Only about half are successful
Dr. Karin Drender
Assistant Professor of Psychology at Emery University and directed the Substance Abuse
Program at the Atlanta Veterans Affairs Medical Center
Anchere some questions about pain medications and addictions
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Question.
Rush Limbaugh's problems have been linked to OxyContin and the Loque...
What is it?
Lorcan?
I don't think that's spelled right.
Lorset.
Bad facts.
Lorset, which includes hydrocodone.
For what conditions are these drugs normally prescribed and how are they different?
OxyContin is for chronic pain, and it needs to be released around the clock, because Bill Haley would say,
and we just do that a little while ago, did we?
And as a controlled release format, though, OxyContin is available in immediate release form,
Lorset is available for a treatment of pain on an as-needed basis, both are opiodo-opioids.
Opioids.
Opioids.
And both peak about an hour after you take them.
They peak.
Want to take a peak?
Question.
One of the pain killers most often lead to addiction.
It has more to do with how you take the drugs than the drugs themselves.
OxyContin, if taken is directed, is not likely to cause dependence, but if you crush the tablet,
you circumvent the slower these mechanisms.
Drugs you take orally have a slower onset, less likely to be addictive, but by smoking or injecting any opio-opioids,
it can take only 10 seconds to get to the brain.
They also shoot that.
Why?
They crush them up and snort them.
It's more potent and addictive that way.
Was he having a rip snorting good time?
Is that what you're saying?
Is he was taking up the nose?
Oh no.
Maybe he was just chewing them up.
You think so?
Yeah, I do.
Well, maybe that's why I can keep telling you.
You didn't have time to eat.
You lost all that weight.
When you're taking 30,000 pills a year, you don't have time for no food, no moe.
Like candy.
Right, like exactly.
Without the calories, which I have a really good story about the low carb diets.
Poor doctor.
Well, that's some of that stuff.
I don't want to read the whole thing, but anyway, it says the rate of staying
at them is about 40%.
The longest day of the treatment program, the better your chances of success.
Methadone is a very effective treatment for people who've tried at
abstinence and not been able to make it work.
And it goes on and on and on.
Finger pointing, phony, son of a bitch.
That's exactly what you are.
Lier, douchebag, scumbag, pepper, a bullcrap, and WBAL and Baltimore is dropping the
Russian embouchure until it comes back if he does, if and when.
And they're running his substitutes overnight on the graveyard shift, kind of like when
you went marker on.
What is that, tell you?
By the way, speaking of that, did anybody come in with a check?
What?
Sorry.
You keep laughing like I don't really expect some people are in a building who are making
some big bucks to help us out.
I'm not talking about the peons like you lost it.
You keep joking.
No, I'm not joking.
I'm not joking, but I'm not joking.
In fact, if you're well, I guarantee you're for all bring us a check for ban and
pay rescue if he ever comes back again.
If they ever give us over to Ellen.
What?
Did he start to get paid yet?
They're holding on to that.
Yeah, they're hanging on to it just in case.
They want to see how things work out.
He's sick.
He's out of the weather for all the way.
Anybody feed any BS?
Okay.
He's Ellen.
He's really Ellen.
A little bit too much parting with all the sports over the weekend.
How's that pool come?
It's an nobody brought in the 335 bucks that we need to get to 32 grand.
It's pretty demoralizing to me.
What a bunch of cheap bastards you people are.
All the money I'm making you people.
343 votes on a pool and they're saying, yeah, we'll all the money you're making.
Well, I put in 10 grand.
How about you cheap bastards?
That's the point.
Dennis Miller 75, which so-called comedian to think is the least funny.
Dennis Miller's killing him.
75.
Tom Arnold's 60.
Martin Lawrence, 27.
What about Steve Lawrence?
And his brother that's the one in the elevator at the track.
Whoopi Goldberg 26, Carrot Top 23, Rosie O'Donnell, we hate you, Rosie.
You fact disgusting?
How funny obnoxious?
Dike.
Bob Sagitt 15, Wanda Sykes 12, Ben Styth 11.
I'm surprised that many people know who Wanda Sykes is.
What is she on?
Drug drugs.
No, seriously.
What is she on?
She was on inside the NFL last year for about three days.
She was on inside the NFL?
How about that?
She had her hazard show or something.
At three or four shows and that was it.
Now, was she like picking up logs off the field or what?
Kicking alligators.
1157, three minutes till noon at 560 WDQ.
And by the way, keep your hands off Tom Brady Wanda and Brady Quinn too while you're at it.
In order to aim sucks and they got a hot quarterback.
And like, I keep saying that every day because it's like dying, going to heaven.
Well, more could you want.
He's a true freshman by the way, George, aren't you impressed?
Huh?
I know what he means.
That's the greatest.
I just, I get, yeah, it's okay.
It's right.
Is he?
Wow.
Hey, I got to leave.
I want a way to South Bend.
I want to see if I can bend it.
Here's a place where you won't get bent out of shape.
Howl at potty at GMC.
I wonder if Bob, you think Bob Eisenberg is still alive?
Yeah.
Because he and the rest of that sales department, I told him off this morning, man.
That sales department, you can't complain about the job they're doing with copy label because they're not doing one.
They're just, they're, they're a wall like a president.
They're just a absolute out leave.
They're just like flitting around.
I guess spending all the money that they're milking out of the rest of us.
The 2003 Near Rogers Blowout sale is still going on.
So it says Bob Eisenberg at Hal at potty at GMC.
Get the lowest prices in town from town.
Linden, Joe Prado and all the wonderful folks over there at Hal at Neal Deal number one.
As you probably know by now, save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus get deep, deep, unbelievable discounts.
And all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon and on-voy XL.
When in doubt, they're blowing it up.
And Neal Deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years.
And listen to this, you can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only $259 a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year.
And 25 hundred bucks out of pocket is all you pay.
And as always, as they have for over 35 long excruciating years, almost as long as Rick Shaw's been puking it out on the radio,
they've got a great selection of unbeatable pre-owned car structures and SUVs waiting on you too.
And if you're worried about your credit, if you have a blemish or two or a whole bunch,
it's very rarely a problem because they want to work with you to cut you a deal and get you into a new vehicle at Hal at Pontiac.
It's the big 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Hal at Pontiac GMC 13401 South Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week for more info called Neal Deal Hotline Tool 3.
1-Triple 8-534-4211.
That's 1-Triple 8-534-4222.
I've no figured all Neal deals.
Subject to credit to Provolsea, our friends at Hal at Fort details.
That's Hal at Pontiac GMC who will be pro-fessional great.
And look all this is Fort Real 560.
Way to A.M.
Fairer, it beat it 12-1-1 on WQM.
She's a perfect match in you who likes to flash her pants in you.
When she don't have those on you.
She's hanging like the straw me on right.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
Imagine what you can catch.
From Ann Colters Snatch.
Wanna be upon you.
Scratches with a brush.
She's danker all though.
And Ilmar, but you'll never get drugged.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
A swirling pool of crap.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
Using pleasure and boister.
Walking with the billows.
Burmely hand inside of her butt.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
And Colters Ramps in Snatch.
No one to know what it could hatch.
From Ann Colters Snatch.
So guess what General Wesley Clark had at the Rascal House yesterday.
What?
Pastramian Rhyme.
With sauce?
Special sauce.
Anyway, we tell you who this is.
You just will tickle your tonsils.
If it ever starts playing.
Of course, these things start like wheeling hot and...
...there's people like that.
It's time to eat.
Why wonder it's your musicality?
With the hottest new hits.
This week featuring the latest four-cent-deafs.
Pickerel.
The first picker of the day.
Chris is a revolution.
And Man, he went to school.
The jacks are down.
The first pick is five.
One out.
The second pick is nine.
The most listened to radio station in Florida.
And a worldwide foreign hit musician.
And War One.
The second pick is nine.
How one would win the first pick is nine.
哇, how about out there?
Man, how's it running up?
That's great.
Right.
駿 DeHavenar, of course.
That's great glad to see you at,.
Iuan are gone because he is the great vocalist on his own.
Right, he's helped Zakara a long and long time.
and that's gonna make them a superstar.
Let's go, why can't this be level-plated again?
Where's everybody going?
Around the Amidama, it's coming up,
homaday is coming up to Sado Gourmet.
Mostly cloudy, high 75.
Rain shans about 50, 50 later on the day.
Rain rather than weather for the Grand Prix,
looks good though, sunny windy, but cold.
I have about 58 degrees tomorrow.
So, you guys, the way you're racing jacket,
that's sweat a lot.
Yeah.
And athletes foot is coming up with sports.
And out of the show this morning,
in person coming to our studios to be with us,
AJ Flakes in the rest of the day.
So, little side out was going out of the ground.
Preciting out of AJ.
Nice sunny.
Get lost.
Sunny Fox, how do you like that?
Well, he was like,
he was very close.
And for some strange reason,
he didn't have a good line though about his buddy there.
What the hell was his name?
It was on the morning show for five minute.
Ron Hercy.
Ron Hercy, on a hurry he sent him,
we sent him on Hershey Highway.
He had a good line, he said,
good things happen to people who deserve them
about his former partner in crime on the air.
Ron Hercy Highway.
Meaning, up here is Ron.
That's what he was trying to tell you, Ron,
which I'm sure you already got the message.
Yeah.
Sunny Fox has screwed you all around.
Hercy loves this show.
We love you too, Ron.
Sunny Fox, we're not too sure about it.
I don't have any problems with Sunny Fox.
No.
Do you?
No.
You have a problem with everybody.
That's not true.
I get along good with Sunny Fox.
I have no problem with it.
Hi, this is Sunny Fox.
I have a Sunilla Rogers,
because I can hear the word asshole.
See?
He's listening right now.
Hey, Sunny, how's it going, eh?
What's he doing these days?
Since he left the Hershey Highway.
I don't know.
Now, let's see.
Here's one that says, maybe you can explain to me.
This is the same chronic factor.
How are you settling for large sum?
Oh, you know what?
This must be the deal, the ones that they send in, the office pool.
Remember you were telling me about that?
Right.
They all sit around the office and they send me a bunch of
factors and then they bet each other as to which ones I'm going to read on
the ear.
How many they send it in?
That's OK.
Good factors.
They kill some good time.
Maybe you can explain to me how settling for large sums of money 30 years later.
But third, man, in all of the station cases makes it all better.
It's not as if the money comes out of the priest pocket and turns them into a
suffering proper.
The settlement money comes out of the offering basket where the Sunday
automotons make the regular deposits.
I guess closure takes place when the victim drives away in a new Lexus.
Dirty deeds come dirt cheap.
It says a Tisca de Tasket.
Let me put an offering in your basket is what the priest says.
So there you go.
Stick something in my basket.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for Ryzen Wireless Line.
We have to do a poll tomorrow.
Probably.
No, I'm just telling you right now before I forget it.
I got to write it down.
All right.
Oh, man.
What was the greatest radio station?
Not your favorite.
What was the greatest radio station in history of South Florida?
What?
The fact that you corrected it right there.
Because that's what they'll vote for and that's what they'll call it.
Well, I don't care.
No, this is tomorrow, though.
Not today.
And of course, this is not a limited list because there's a lot of them that aren't around
anymore.
They've changed call it.
It isn't formats.
That's a great.
And the history of South Florida.
God, I just want to write this out.
So I don't forget about it.
Plus there ain't too much going on.
Let's see the whole.
The state right now.
What?
QAM will win.
Yeah.
What about she, Mr. Huh?
What about she?
She's gone.
She's gone.
Well, too bad.
Okay.
Let me stick that right under Peewee Herman.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT and T. and Verizon Wireless Line.
What's so-called comedian?
Do you think is the least funny?
Dennis Miller's pulled away the way fairly safe lead over the anxious Tom Arnold.
Oh, it's picking up Arnold.
Guess who bushes meeting with on Thursday this week?
I don't know.
Arnold?
Arnold, good guess.
Now, who's going to be the intellect in that pairing?
Oh, boy.
We're going to get a translator.
They're both going to be an interpreter.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Here are you, everybody.
Okay.
Listen, my favorite comedian, I think most of them will be with me is George Bush.
Just George Duck, you have to call.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Look at that, I just, I did that accidentally because he got me so flustered.
You hung up on everybody, hasn't it?
I kept it in the next button and they just knocked them all off.
That's okay.
They'll call back.
I'm not any big hurry about these calls.
They, you know, saw it's a whole new deal now.
Right.
I'm just sitting waiting for the checks to come in from our compatriots from our colleagues.
I'm waiting for Greg to come in here and lay a big fat one on us.
Man, you know something, even a champion rooster.
Well, roosters don't lay hands, do they?
They lay hands.
They lay hands.
They lay hands off, as they can.
No, no, they don't.
You just rooster lay hands.
That's what you said.
Do roosters have penises?
They have something.
Just let it go.
What does a rooster have?
Yeah.
I never thought about this before.
Because, they have model P.
I know.
Birds can't pee.
So what do they, what do they do with?
They have, they have a thing.
Do they have a thing?
They haven't.
But they don't pee with their thing?
Well, I'm serious, they don't pee because you'll notice a bird drops like it.
All it's all together is all in one.
It's a two-in-one deal.
No.
It's internal and it comes out when it needs to, on the, in the case of the male checking.
Are you sure?
It comes out when it needs to the rooster mounts the hen
No, I don't want to hold graphic description of how they screw. I just was asked is a rooster have a penis
But as I started to say about somebody laying more eggs than cockadoody whatever her name was Barbara
Billy Bates
80 votes for Dennis Miller Tom see the guy when he said George W was such a moron Tom Arnold 61
Whoopee Goldberg 32 Martin Lawrence 28 Rosio down 26 Carrot top 25 Bob Sager Sagitt rhymes with the
Faggot is that 19 I gave the ones with 20 or more, but he's right on the edge
Here's a call from Evan sure. Hello
Here's a call from Tamarack hello
Hello, yes, sir
Gene de Raffalo
Oh, I see a comedian I'm funny. Okay. I
Thought she was an actress
She's a comedian and on her lab
Better tell her so she read the entire thing off the notes
Okay, next
We got her down we like her politics. We just don't like her humor is that it right? She'd drive
Raffalo hungry dry
Huh and a dyke oh another another dyke got on my dear though. Any straight people left at all
Jesus Christ every every celebrity is either a dyke or
That the screamer now. Maybe he's not gay that when it was on there before from that the reality show
I don't know but he sure smelled like it to me kidding what
Well, I mean I said maybe in other words is a one and a billion chances always some chance
But my gator us at holy cow that's a real a screamer right there a break your gator
Especially when he started talking kind of fruity like and run away
Ethics starting like slipping all over the place from 13 at 560 WDQ and hey, let me tell you if you want to lose some weight
Everybody's fat. I got those big articles about fat and Americans are getting even fatter by the minute
You can just they're pork it up like you wouldn't believe even petunia pigstard among for the hills
If you're one of those people you've tried everything you know to lose weight if you're sick and tired of being unhealthy
You have a no energy of being wearing puktens because they don't make any clothes that really fit your big fat ass
Here's the answer that you've been looking for balance for life because it's simple for simple people
They do the work for you. They do all the cooking you don't have to count any calories or carbs because they do that for you too
It's all based on Dr. Barry Sears the zone diet which really is very effective
But the problem is it's very difficult to compute they do the computing for you and deliver right to your door a black sack every morning
Fill with all the food you need for the whole day three delicious fresh gourmet meals two delicious snacks
They're all in there you won't be hungry
Won't be starving them because there's plenty of good fresh goodies in there to keep you happy and satisfied all day long
Don't forget this is the only company let's you choose between two choices for each meal
We did it's run a program to so get started right away
You'll be seeing results on the scale almost immediately if not sooner and you'll be looking like the beast or better
I guarantee you how is he got a number?
Yeah, he's got a number
And the number of the beast is 666 let this is wait
I think let balance for life take care of you today call them at 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9
See you don't have to cut his hair back because you don't have any 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9
Although, it's said if you check down low balance for life calm. That's where you'll find them on the world wide wicked
Web get started right away balance for life
But if you walk in the control of a senior Rogers it appears as though he should have wheels on both sides of his chair
Okay, I mean you sit there like
Crosstown
He's so forced on the radio and he's such a little like him if he doesn't have a bodyguarmit
He leaves the radio station good luck to him
Thanks Johnny
I say
I want to
Tell you
Lock the stock to help your dad ask a don't you know that anybody can get nails
By some karma especially a right way not see
Oh
Anybody can get nail by some karma. It was you who brought that karma on
You may be death like you are always done
Yeah, that sucks, but the good news is
200 50
Box will buy a lot of
You
You hate
Who are not like you
Over
I got your logic down the right here
Don't you know that
The million-sackle your channel
Hey, that's not say they be next you lose your eyesight. I don't care. I love your false
Top 20 at 560 pop another one right boy
Uh, here's somebody faxes me maybe sunny himself fax this in sunny fox and his whole not a resume, but damn next to the thing do it
Ready for that the history of sunny fox the history of sunny fox and
Croca crab
Sunny decided he'd rather be a entertainer than a manager after he was this
After three years of being program director w.w.sp and tell it off
You doing the morning show from his living room we decided rather be an entertainer than a manager
He went to Florida for a short vacation
It turned into a 21-year career as one of my least operated morning matter. They're a fox
During that time. You know have you ever noticed how he and Rick Riley both have that same like real
Scruffy beard
No, scruffy beard and nasal sound. Maybe it's the beard. Maybe that's like it's kind of like a
Like that shouldn't talk about Rick's fight that one. You know what I'm talking about
They both have that real wet nasal sound. I don't
Huh? You know what I'm talking about yeah, I do. It's just that that's a good word during that time
He created radios first-ciccated stand-up comedy show the comedy are featuring back-to-back routines from the top 10 comics
They like bill Cosby. Oh, there's another one get him on list. Thank you. Thank you, Sunny
Oh bill Cosby is he funny? No, no, what?
Man, oh man. I think it's a racial thing
Bill Cosby just like what's your name said? Wanda didn't she say that? Yes
Wanda Sykes she said it's a racial thing that turned. Maybe she was talking about Bill Cosby. He's a third
30 years after their first meeting
Abrams not had a program yet XM
That's the ascent like radio thing that's something you scamming out as sunny if you wanted to get involved with another radio revolution
As a result sunny now programs both comedy channels on XM laugh you would say an XM comedy because he's a writer and entertainer
himself Sun he's attracted the people behind the last
He's interviewed every major artist from George Carlin de Mel Brooks and love sharing those moments with his XM audience
Ha ha ha ha ha how do I see thanks for your resume? By the way, we ain't got no openings
During many spring's his aquatic faxer, but always a good one says I don't have
Suggesting for today's pulled because my choices already on the list not only is how a mandel not funny
He's mean and nasty
He shows up on Leno every now and then he makes my skin crawl Scott was mistaken again nice gone Scott at least you're consistent
Wanda Sykes is still on inside the NFL HB oh
Also
Jimmy Kimmel was on the Fox pregame football showed last couple of years
He now has his own late night TV show on ABC a 1205 AM. He's also not funny. Well, that's good jury because they're both on our list
Dennis Miller 83 you know, I'm thinking I'm looking at this list and I'm thinking of myself
Well, who is funny and it just don't I mean we never did that pull
No, I don't think we did we never did that
So let's see we got the one for tomorrow Thursday. We'll do that. How's that's okay? Who's the funniest of them all?
We never we never done that how the imagine it now. I mean, there's you know that our audience likes this better
Because it's more negative you can take a shot. Yeah, I'll take a good shot. I say love doing that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah, I'm glad I lasted this long because my battery was dying
Sorry, I just want to let you well. It's owner pacemaker. You have a show to do
No, I want to let you know that of course they don't have penis as a vagina the the birds
Had a girlfriend wants to group on a farm. She said that well, number one. They don't pee because they don't do anything with nitrogen inside their bodies
And number one, the reproductive organ is called a
The floyble
That sounds like a jury Lewis line to me. It sounds jittery to me, but that's what they're called
Oh, wow
The screener what is it?
We're new call screener. Now he's already taken
5 6 7 0 5 60 what
He had a wife you know and x-wife. Yes. Yes, Scott Jr
Had next wife so unlike some of the other degenerates we've had around there. He still has a nice wife
Hey, exactly. Oh look at their seri- sorry, Horowitz
All we can say is oh you see that Jonathan. What's the in-out mouthful? What's the other one's name?
Muhammad right
Muhammad, you mama. He pleaded not guilty this morning
I just I just thought we tossed that in for you. It's a set up. You've got a good sense of humor
Yeah, somebody set those two up. It probably was a racial thing. Don't you think right? It probably stuff that kid in the trunk
5 6 7 0 5 happens all the time man. Here's my any hello Neil. Yes, sir
I saw the front line and I was squeezing it boy. Yeah
It was just excellent when you get and the thing thing that Chalabi Chahubi or whatever
He's trying to become president now of Iraq. Yeah, it's me. I'll make it over there. He's their cronies a crook
He's a convicted felon and Neil when you get that speaker for your computer
Look up front line war behind closed doors. You'll squeeze it so hard your head pop off
What do you mean? Isn't that the one that was on the other night? That no no
That's the one that I was telling you about before this. Oh about how the two camps were fighting for president Bush's ear
Right and how Colin Powell and even the old president Bush
Jerp 41 or whatever is made whatever they call Joe and your yeah was trying to tell
The new George Bush not to do it and run for run failed and wolf of it and all his cronies
We're fighting on the other side saying yeah, yeah, go in go in
I mean, it's called war behind closed doors. You've got to listen to it. I'll check it out
Thanks, pali
Went in doubt now at front line
I
We watched weary residents were calling on the US to either take control or go home
No, that was the piece from that front line thing to the other PBS that I played with the very minimal responses usual
Because these people are busy watching ball games ball games ball games by the way I watched the lead game last night
Shooter won a game the outside the caps by big margin. They played a hell of a lot better
They did on Saturday of course anything would have been better
But uh, one up with a two-two tile a kiss and her sister like tydomi kiss and his ugly sister
26 past noon at five sixty never know
So what do you think it's just they're gonna get off the two snappers and then you do it again
So you know they're not gonna get off. I think I think they need to be executed right on live TV
I'd love I'd pay this you that pay for you hundred bucks pay for you
We could probably eliminate this gigantic deficit that the Bush administration is built up even as gigantic as it is
All these billions and trends we could probably pay it off in one good weekend if they just kept replanating sure did pay per view
What you think absolutely?
I'm buying my right now. Check back the
355 bucks that we're gonna get for abandoned pay rescue
From somebody in there. Huh? What's the thing? Are they you got the chest yet?
Yeah, let me check what?
26 past noon at five sixty WQM if you like scotch junior there working for practically for free
If you're putting in a lot of hours a lot of effort and the end result is basically squat
Call our friends at fast rain and change your life call one eight six six
Fast rain because it's true
They really can't have you trained and certified before this year ends in a real computer career
And you can start making some serious cash and change your life and have a life the demand for computer professionals is gigantic
So why not do it now get you a new high-paying career in the computer field instead of just hanging out in the field
Fast rain offered job placement assistance. How about Tony Fields?
Community day evening weekend schedules and with four south Florida locations. It just makes sense
There's about to be a fast train near where you live
Fast rain offers your financial assistance for people to qualify too
So what are you waiting for? Kiss that dead end job. Goodbye. Say give the old
Salute the Italian salute to that boss and get yourself a real job in a big fat paycheck and a life call fast train today
Tool-free one eight six six fast train
It'll really get you on the inside track when you mention Todd Dreck check him on the web at fastrain.com and a call one eight six six fast train
We're sports radio five sixty two a.m
It's time to get it on welcome back to the mohawaii David the show where we're juxtapolosini
But good clean family fun
You know that pipe smoke and jizz guzzler thinks rape is funny is that funny?
Plain's crashing into buildings is funny too, huh?
Since when is gang rape funny, especially when it's me get my teeth back grabbing
What a jacket
No, no, no, no, no, don't go tap there so when I talk this is important they don't know comedy
I'll show them comedy today. I brought my collection of laminabna takes
Laminabna you're more on they even name the restaurant after laminabna
Ah, you cluelish muck book it back to that later right now. It's time for our transcendent mid show snack
Bring the morning mayor his food
Ah here they are
My favorite place to die. Zagotzeboka dig in up everybody
What is it shrimp? Looks like a donut. No, it's the vane dumbbells from Planned Farant Hood in the hood
But it's good
Try it with the cocktail sauce. Hey beast. We'll play that alas kupa racket
There's a little atmosphere for you to help you go down the gullet
The heck baby. I'm really dig that alas kupa seed. I'm with it and I'm hip. I'm a hot stone
Good
These ones only know what was good
Here
I have some more sentient here to flange pellet this
All right, oh we got the meat head mad dog coming up at one followed by that fat Joe right after the quay and the sprick
What's that? It's a prey! It's a prey! It's headed right for your ass
And all the quenched
Trump 33 at 560 WQM so Mo took it up the uh shoot
Thank oh you want to forget to say today?
Temple is a gyrus skill
I forgot to mention it. Let me mention it again. Temple is a gyrus skill
Here's a good pass from Jimmy who says uh can't believe he didn't put Charles Grotto on list
I thought he was supposed to be an actor and curmudgeon and Tachos. Don't know really. He's supposed to be a comedian. Neither
Is he? Don't know. I never seen no stand-up or anything like that. Says he's not funny
I hate him too Jimmy you're right, but I don't think he's supposed to be a comedian
Because you're right. He sure ain't funny. He's obnoxious. He makes a lot of our list, but I don't think this one
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line two Rutgers University students critically injured in an off-campus brawl that involved members of a Rutgers fraternity
A social club and some members of the school's wrestling team
The fight broke out around 3 30 Sunday morning and off-campus party following an argument official said 7 people were charged from 30 to how many
5 3 3 5 people right each side of the street fight with some swinging poles or wooden sticks said marked
Stramper 21 a Rutgers senior and witnessed John P. Moran and Robert Morgan both 20 received serious hen injuries when they were struck with a baseball bat
Authority said
Moran was listed in critical condition yesterday at Robert Wood Johnson University in New Brunswick
spokesman John Patel said the hospital is known for information about Morgan through request of his family
How do you like that? I don't you tack happened outside a house where the social club was having a party in both injured students allegedly belong to
Squam a social club not recognized by the school Squam
Also involved some members of the Sigma Pi fraternity Zeper Pi
Semper Pi or his Jimmy signed his facts
Oh
Jonathan Rodriguez
23 who allegedly wielded the bat no kin to a Pudge or George
Was the right oh, it's picking a Pudge
I don't want to pick on you know because Pudge Rodriguez had a great year for the
Marlins all this other crap. He's a great player always has been but I just I can't stand him
I can't stand his deal and the Sammy Sosa to probably the two best players on the field at least offensive players on
The series, but I just can't stand it
Again, he hit the home run the open end and get a same thing and he's crossing and pointing to the sky
Oh, it's so old and so still already okay. Oh, okay your mama get out of it. I just can't stand it
In Scott's gonna say oh, how could you be knocking Pudge Rodriguez? He's having a great series. Well, screw him
Great player, but I just can't deal with that that phony baloney
Crappinous guy, you know, like in Magnolia. There was too much crap in the sky
5 6 7 0 5 60 good thing those frogs didn't come from much you all by the way
Oh
Here's a lady in Miami gardens. Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing good?
Sound like it. Okay, I haven't called for a while
But you know you're talking about the priest and stuff. Yeah, and
I
What it's gonna call but I was in Detroit for a while about I'm so sorry
You right here. It's kidding so much. That's where I grew up
But anyway, you know nobody said anything about the families
That these good Catholic families that have people that are pedophile. Yeah, and they one less children
Then they go to profession
Get forgiveness and go back out and do it again. Mm-hmm. Right?
Right
When I think about it
Crossed my ass
Garbage right? I think all the travelers to Zodabie putting gigantic dumpsters and hold off the lake Michigan. How did I do it in her church?
Yes, man, you and usually the band doesn't come out that way
If we called up in order could we pick it up at the front desk? No, no, you can't do that. No
Okay, if I order online what do they charge for postage?
I don't know
I think it's all part of the $20 but go online and it'll say so yeah
Just just click on the thing it'll send all the instructions
Sure, so I think if you let people know in the air like myself a lot of them would just go ahead and order it online
Please do okay, thanks a lot. Thank you, and don't go back to Detroit
I'm not sure. No way. See at Hazel Park
Where Jack Riggs is still calling the races at Hazel Park 100 years later
Can you believe that as long as Jack Riggs is still calling the races at Hazel Park? I'll be okay ready for that
Nope, I'm just telling you hear the races from Philadelphia Park
Oh, let me see I'll race to them. I said one of the just showing the horses come in the paddock
They're just showing a Hossies coming out of the paddock with all that stuff on with the bridles and
Partries and poetry and the girdles I get it we're in a girdle
Pretty am embarrassing. What is this Victoria Horn Oki? Is that somebody I'm supposed to know? I never heard of her
Sounds like some old old oh not another not two-in-one day and it's not even one o'clock yet. Look at this another death
She died
Victoria Horn Oki in actress who appeared in dozens of films including the Jimmy Stewart classic Harvey
died Friday she was 91
The actress appeared in 46 films including Abbott and Costello meet the killer blues skies
Daisy Kenyon forever Amber and the ghost and Mrs. Mure
And Harvey she played
Murtle may Simmons the niece of Stewart's L. Wood P. Dow character. You think I was kind of marine doubt
No
How about Apple Pan Doudy?
Hello. Oki was born November 1st 1911 in New York City. She was 91. Oh, that's old enough
That's old enough mom 91
She retired from show business in 1952 to spend time with her husband comedy star Jack Oki
Oh, I'm out heard of Jack Oki. Then you know, Oki Fin Oki
I heard of the Oki from the Skoggi. No seriously. You heard of Jack Oki. No
No, he was a his career spanning the 20s of the 60s included his Oscar-amidated land pool of Anita Mussolini in Charlie Chaplin's
1940 film the great dictator
After husband's death in 78 Victoria Oki established a lecture series in his name in the Academy Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and
Road for books about their life together among them was Jack Oki's out
Oak Ridge about the restate the after the honeymoon home of actors Robert Taylor and Barbara Stanwick that died
She's not a bike just look just like few as macho. That's all Barbara Stanwick. Do she have a big valley?
That's what Linda Evans said
20 till one at 560 WQ-am 560 705 60 pound 560 on the 18 and T line sweetest is this a Saturday. Do you know that?
No, I know. This Saturday is sweetest day not Swedish sweetest. What do you do?
Not this we just howdy you can blow off. Okay, don't blow it off. You need to make your lady feel loved and
but the I'm gonna tell you Adam you're spelling on a scale of zero. You owe so many points. You'll never catch up
This year to make your lady feel really loved and appreciate it. This is make your lady fell loved and appreciated
Do something really different in surprise or with a Vermont teddy bear. She'll get a beautiful bear handmade in the mountains of Vermont
delivered in a colorful gift box with a personal card and chocolate. They just call her friendly bear
Counselored Vermont teddy bear. Tell them that Adams and Indian by the way when you call
1-800-829-Bair the hope you choose from over 100 bears like the burning love bear the heart-throb bear
wearing silk boxers or the lover boy bear with a heart-shaped head loved had two on his arm. I hate tattoos
By the way, they even have a brand new officially licensed play bear playmate
So instead of sending flowers again instead of Vermont teddy bear which you love forever
You won't believe the reaction that you'll get you might even get lucky be romantic and send her bear to the orifice
You'll smile all year long overnight and Saturday deliver guarantee to don't forget this Saturday is sweetest day
So call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
Be sure and tell them the crusty old Neil underline the old part. Totally to call 1-800-829-BAR
I'm a wolf. This is 420-0-560
You way am
Summer K ABC News with a one-on-one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm sorry
Excuse me. I apologize
What's you apologize for I'm not following you for everything Kimli Plumber K ABC News
I'm sorry to the people of California for what those bad movies you make no
Although if you don't like them I'm sorry Kimli Plumber K ABC News. I'm sorry for this
You just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration. Kimli Plumber. I'm sorry
Well, don't do your demonstrations on me Mr. Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you
I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your question. Well, you're very touchy-feeling. I apologize
Excuse me, but did you just touch my uh that was a demonstration?
Kimli Plumber K ABC News. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California
And I believe you should I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women
I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your Anita?
My what your aunt either may I see it? I don't think I have an anteater. You have an anteater. Try to
That's your aunt. I can't believe you just put your hand. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize. Oh
Do it again. Yeah. Good for you, Kimli Plumber. You aren't me now, don't you?
You're up here. Let us have your aunt either. Oh
Hello, I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor
Here I put my lever vote for me. Ew. Why is it purple? I eat great. I'm a grapey. The
Puma leva.
1246. How do you like the little bluptehr at the end? That's even better.
So I know. That's okay. At least I got him. Yeah, I know. Anyway, let's take a look at the
Apple here. What's so-called comedian you think is the least funny and some people
of Senes there are less than the 80 least. Dennis Miller 95. Nice going folks. Dennis Miller
blows. We can't stand him. He's a borish asshole is what he is. A
borish bush-looking asshole Tom Arnold 70. Rosio Domla is tied with Carrotop.
Ever seen him together? Yeah. Same person. 37.
We'll be Goldberg 36. Martin Lawrence's got 30, man. Bob Sagitt. Rhymes would
Baggett 29. Wanda Sykes 16. That third burger. Ben Stein 15. Jury Seinfeld 12. And Jury
Lewis 10. How am I? Mandel's got nine. He had to be doing better than that. Got to be doing a
lot more than just- Yeah. Oh boy. How are you freaking Mandel? Just like that fact said,
he makes my skin crawl. What is supposed to be funny about him just because he's stupid?
Long time ago he put a rubber glove on his head and blew it up with his nose. Oh is that what it was?
Oh yeah, he killed him. G-tubed it didn't work though. Didn't finish the job.
5, 6, 7, let's take a couple of calls because we got all those fat stories to talk about.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Dale. Yes sir. Hey how you doing?
Pretty good. Hey good listen. I went under City TV because I was so interested on what they have
up there. Everything's American. What? On City TV. Yeah. Yeah. How come- I mean if it's Canada,
why don't they have American- Canadian stuff? On what? On City TV. Like what? What are you talking about?
The programming? Yeah, City TV is Canadian. They're all they're showing is the bachelor and this and that.
Right exactly because they only have the CRTC only makes them show a certain percentage of
Canadian programming 40 or 50 percent because Canada doesn't produce all those TV shows. You know that.
In addition to which if you're so enamored with all those shows go watch them on American TV
asshole. Just amazing. They were a tool to shots. If you don't like Canada, don't come here.
We don't need you. We're doing just fine. If you don't like Toronto, don't ever darken
our door. If you don't like a hockey, don't go to a hockey game. If you don't like Chiebert,
don't eat cheeseburgers. If you don't like Vegas, don't go there and have a good time. It's very
simple. It's like I'm in some kind of a contest like I'm trying to convince them trying to convert
the world. Forget about it, okay? Especially in other Canadian dollars worth almost 76 cents
you wasted. It's starting to really frost my ass because it used to be a hell of a good bargain
in your last summer when it was only 62 putt would cent and out 76 and American dollars like
in the Euro is like a buck 16. It was up to a buck 18 the other day. What kind of crap is that?
What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? So in other words when you go to Europe you have to
pay through your nose like Rush would say you have to take it up the nose. So you're thinking
that he was just two in them right? I really don't know. We don't know. I mean why should we
speculate? Because it's fun. I'm sure he's too upstanding to resort to anything like that so he
Oh yeah 30,000 man how many? About 30 man. You've got to be popping him you're right by the
handful like M&M's right right bags of him. He was eating M&M. Okay just come to
Russian M&M I can see that. Kuneo that's a good pairing. 5670560 pound 560 now that check
come in is our positive. I just I said it. What? What? What? What? Are you telling me what? Air check?
No they have a bank check. What makes the raffle? Cash. The green. The pink
card is something. 300 and the cabbage. Where's our cabbage? Okay. One does got it. Yeah one
has got the cabbage. 631,065. 355 would make my day. Get us right to 32 grand plus whatever's
coming down the internet. Is Miguel like hanging out today or what? Is he hanging out with
him? Days his day off I believe. Oh wow. And what about Saturday and Sunday? He works
those days. Tipo that's our with all the sports crap. I forget about that. That's the problem
and it's where we'll never ever ever give what we deserve on this day. So although we'll
take the paychecks thank you but we'll never get the the assistance. The assistance with
the support. Oh support. Forget about that. We're going to work with him. We're not a
sports show and if Miguel was a man. I'm meant reasonably decent man. We wouldn't get
anything. We wouldn't get squat. So remind me to tell Duff off tomorrow morning when he comes
in there when he comes in for his like oh gee my back's not too bad and I'm feeling pretty good
and did you see me with a hat. Duff is so into himself it's unbelievable. Wish I get somebody's
got to be. Here's a call from four Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I can't believe no one has
brought up or maybe they have. I just turned it on Al Franken. To me that guy has no first he
started on Saturday and Alivian. One funny little bit. Yeah. Then he failed at the comic and now he's
trying to be another Rush Limbaugh. Well I think he's a sterile but to make you happy he's
trying to be another Rush Limbaugh. Is he doing all his drugs? I don't know he'd have a coat
problem. He's going to wait and he's trying to go radio show. He wants to start a liberal radio show.
Well Bill I hope he does. I hope it starts tomorrow. Al Franken we'll put him on there to make you
happy. There's another guy who's obviously in mourning. Some of the rushes they finally get up
off the floor. Remember I told you this and you didn't believe me those first few days after I
read the first story from the inquire and they were crumbling it was like they were emotionally
so distraught that they were like falling apart at the seams. You bring up an issue a point though.
Now that Rush isn't on what they're all be over here bugging us because they don't have their boy
okay that's fine we certainly welcome them with open arms and legs but of course the only
question is since they're good most of them very good holier than now better than us believing
Christians and honest and true and respectable like Rush himself right you know if they do have
any have those diaries that you think you're going to put us down no they're part of the closet
audience so they'll keep writing Rush even as well as the show has done over the years can you
imagine with the number in fact remember the poll I took the last one about them what which one
was it what was the name of it about who they whose work oh yeah whose work they hate and they
also think is an asshole and I got a bunch of votes on there so now you think that those people
are gonna like put it down if they get a direct no that's not the lie like Christians do right
like good Christians they're lied to support the rush or wherever else my rule me anybody else who
might be on life that's why you get all those diaries oh well males 18 to 34 they're all listening
to life right my ass they would nowhere to find especially in South Florida they would
nowhere to find a life with both hands oh look at that look what I did but you can't see it but
you'd be mighty impressed hold it up so you can't hear it one more time Rush that's enough
speaking of him report fat Americans are gonna even fatter yeah we just we just had two in a
rose a matter of fact we had the al frankin one and then we had the was this the same guy same one
and the one before them same old tired crap oh gee poor Rush was so take it out on us we don't
care we're getting I'm getting paid a lot of money Georgia's you know he's scraping by yeah and
Scott he's still waiting well I mean it takes a while okay respect and you know compensation
these things don't come easy at beastly not sugar apple pan that's right you better start sucking
a little ass around that place okay and I'll tell you I'll send you a facts tell you which answers
you better stick your tongue on right away there's a map I think I have the idea now I'm gonna get
the roadmap and clearance better be the first one okay you better stick your tongue all the way up
to his uvea law through the intestines work for the beast from the behind back home well I don't
think that it was the tongue in the beast case it was that I just I just farted so bad that
there were little children crying all the way in Buffalo right now Supreme Court clears way for
medical pot oh this is the best news is they're more to this story facts me the other page
of the York Post clear right up just in how come we haven't seen this on CNN yet those bastards
I don't know too busy with wolf blitzkrieg you're doing his goose stepping the Supreme Court the
US Supreme Court cleared the way today for state laws allowing ill patients to smoke marijuana
if a doctor recommends it how do you like that we're talking about doctor recommended not just some
pill pop up I think you're pardon not just Wanda recommended are you fixing me the other page yes
one of three it said justice is turned down the Bush administrations request to consider whether
the federal government can punish doctors for recommending or perhaps just talking about the bed
oh oh this is this is unbelievable I only got the two pages though yeah that's okay just this
is turned down the Bush administrations request to consider whether the federal government can
punish doctors for recommending or perhaps just talking about the benefits of the drug to sick
patients and appeals court said the government can't nine states have laws legalizing marijuana for
people with physician recommendations their prescriptions Alaska Arizona California Colorado Hawaii
Maine Nevada Organa Washington and of course conspicuously absent its Florida and 35 states of
past legislation recognizing marijuana as medicinal value but federal law bans the use of pot under
any circumstances wise which they keep going out there to California and bustin all them people
where just obeying the state law the case gave the court an opportunity to review with second medical
marijuana case in two years the last one involved cannabis clubs this one presented a more
difficult issue pitting free speech rights of doctors against government power to keep positions
from encouraging illegal drug use a ruling for the Bush administration would have made the state
medical marijuana laws unusable but the good news is did it happen no so there you go 1257 at 560 QAM
my
local
your sports 205 60 QAM
Charles Brown for you son of a bitch well I wish was granted but I'm sure gonna miss listening to
Daniel Roger's favorite balance well the two of you're so little a bitch
you
and that guy's good luck so join when every month they give the copy play by
I put things in my eyes to my vision what's up woman girls should keep their clothes on
woman girls should keep their clothes on
and
they probably have a real hairy back hair look it's a boob stop about it discounted right
you can't tell it's there a gene of a John all my girls should keep their clothes on
all my girls should keep their clothes they all have
and
and
the work
you
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
erase read the lines must be walmart sucks
102 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday Virusabad
I'm coming over it to humper hot football game I baby marlins at the cups its the most win for the marlins at causes
them
I'm not going to jump on a cub band wagon at this point
because I used to be a cub band
that was there there it was in
youtube
You know what?
Who now needs the freaking cubs and all their whining and carrying on all that stuff?
Hey Neil, f*** you!
Anyway, getting back to the Supreme Court throwing away from medical pot story.
Some California doctors and patients in filing said the Supreme Court compared doctor
information on pot to physicians advice on red wine to reduce the risk of heart disease,
vitamin C, acupuncture or chicken soup.
How do you like that?
In fact, a lot of people thought there was like herbs.
Well, it wasn't herb.
Herbal remedy.
On top of the chicken soup.
The administration argued that public health not the first membrane to free speech rights
of doctors or patients was at stake.
Oh, Ted Olson, the solicitor general, who's a real major asshole even if his wife did
get killed in that plane.
He's a major, major right wing asshole.
A Nazi, I would say.
Yes.
Ted Olson said in court papers, the provision of medical advice, whether it be that the patient
take aspirin or vitamin C, loser gain weight, exercise or rest, smoker refrain from smoking
marijuana is not pure speech.
It's the conduct of the practice of medicine.
As such, it's subject to reasonable regulation.
He said, well, I don't think so.
In states with medical marijuana laws, doctors can give written or oral recommendations on
marriage.
We need to patients with cancer, HIV, and other serious illnesses.
And if he, that doctor can't get it for your rush can.
Even some supporters of laws that expected these supreme court to step into the case, they
said the courts refusal to intervene, although it does not address the merits of the case,
could encourage other states to consider passing medical marijuana laws.
It's finally definitively put to rest these federal threats against doctors and patients
to grim bore it in ACLU attorney representing patients, doctors and other groups in the case.
Anyway, also the supreme court accepts Pledge of Allegiance case today.
The US Supreme Court agreed today to hear a case involving whether school children can
be allowed to recite the Pledge of Allegiance voluntarily, putting a family's custody
dispute at the forefront of a constitution legal battle.
I think if they say one nation under.
I think that's okay.
They're going to ask me.
I hope they do.
I'm waiting for the call.
An issue is whether the Pledge of Allegiance to be banned from public schools for its
use of the words under God.
Constitutional scholars have debated for years whether the Pledge serves as both a patriotic
oath and a form of public prayer.
Court arguments in this case, we heard next June with the ruling, next year with the ruling
expected by June.
Too bad we can't put the pieces of Madeline O'Hare back together just long enough to
handle this one.
All right.
Stits at bitch.
We'll get Frank.
Get signed up bitch.
Stock Frank on the case.
They're all in cat lecture.
She was a panic man.
I had her on my show how many times.
About third man.
Third time.
She was something else.
She was a real ballbuster man.
She didn't take no crap from anybody until right at the end there.
Right, right near the ass end.
Here's the way to pull us going so far.
What so called can a comedian?
Do you think is the least funny?
A real piece of turd.
Dennis Mellers got an even hundred vote.
Nice going Dennis.
You suck.
Tom Arnold 71 with the Goldberg 40 Caratop 38, Rosio Donald 38, Martin Lawrence and Bob
Sagitt.
Each have 31.
And after the Sagitt it's one and then it's double digits.
18 for one to psych 17 for Ben Stein and on the coast.
How many for Chris Rock?
Just out of curiosity.
Well Frankens got three.
That's the rush crowd.
Six for Chris.
Chris Rock has got six.
Oh my god.
Jack Emasons got five.
So let me tell you about Jack Emasons at the Eden Rock Hotel a hundred years ago on
Miami Beach.
He was doing the same thing back then.
You know, he's one of those people who's always, it was like my grandmother.
They were always old.
They were born old.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
When he was 20 he was the same as he is now.
Now he's about a hundred.
Probably when he was...
Stop turning man.
No difference.
Speaking of difference man, here's the big, I'll get to the pastor after we take couple
calls, right?
I'm trying to drop a few of these in because I'm waiting for somebody who haven't heard
from me yet today.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
He'll got three names for you.
I'm pretty much you can take anybody that's had an HBO special in the last five years
put them at the top of that list.
So Ellen DeGeneres, Sinbad and Richard Lewis, categorically unfunny.
Who is the second one?
Ellen DeGeneres, Sinbad.
Oh Sinbad, I think he's down there.
Oh, all for him.
Just call my name.
Richard Lewis.
You got him man.
All right later.
Thanks.
Richard Lewis, let's get him on air, okay?
Yes.
Can we have more than one Lewis on the list?
Sure.
Got your elus, Richard Lewis.
We got the Robert Lewis Stevenson.
We got this corn churra special, ain't it Louis?
Uh huh.
I want to tell you right now, I'm going to make a list of movies if you've never seen
them that you're just...
You're not alive.
We got an EO for you man.
Yeah.
If you haven't seen deliverance of the Godfather's all three parts then you're just a network,
right?
Right.
And Kuku's nest.
And Requiem.
I want to get banned Requiem for a dream.
I want to get back to the movie thing after vacation.
I'm going to do like months and months and months of movie stuff.
That's what I know.
Yeah, I'm just moving intensive.
Because since we stopped talking about it, I haven't been watching any of you.
I've got a whole bunch of DVDs in there in my DVDs and I haven't been watching them
because it's just, I don't know.
We'll see Fargo already, will you?
I don't have it.
Damn it.
I don't have it.
You got snatch though.
I have snatch.
And you're jealous.
Reports, fat Americans are getting even fatter.
And just before I said that, I just like self-consciously reached out to them sitting here in my underwear.
And I reached down and like squeezed, I pinched several inches.
Of what?
No, big flat.
Oh, and a blower.
That's why you put several inches.
I don't have several inches.
So it should have been obvious I wasn't talking about that.
I pinched several inches, man.
A big gun.
And a report on CNN.com says fat Americans getting even fatter, extreme obesity is ballooning in US adults.
And we keep talking about it.
You know what it's like?
It's just like that Heraldosha I keep telling you about.
Which I don't think you saw it at only 800 pound guy or 600 pounds.
How big have all done that?
Yeah, but the whole family was enormous fat.
And they kept bringing all this take out.
I guess they were too embarrassed to have it delivered because they wanted everybody to see the,
all the boxes, the empty boxes and chicken bones around the house.
But they keep bringing all this tons and tons of food like five and six pizzas and 400 chicken wings.
And they'd all sit around there crying while they were eating.
Remember that?
Sure.
That's it.
So we keep talking about it.
And they were, oh, what are we going to do?
It was just fatter and fatter and fatter.
Americans are just getting fatter.
They're ballooning to extremely obese proportions at an alarming rate.
It says here the number of extremely obese American adults,
those who are at least a hundred pounds overweight has quadrupled since the 1980s to about four million.
They were set to about one every 50 adults.
I bet you I know somebody who give people some good advice and how to lose some and I wait.
You know what it is?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Wow.
Sarah, give it you say it's it's it's it worked for him.
It worked like a charm for him and for Sarah.
I wonder how serious.
Let's go visit Sarah over the weekend.
What do you say?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And McGeldon like that movie.
You know, McGell I don't care.
It's you defended because one of your people.
I don't sure that's what he does.
Look.
No, no.
Seriously, he just is a fool.
You know, he's a good guy.
He's just a fool.
His taste is in his touch.
I don't disagree with that.
That's what Doreen told me.
You got a tasty.
The number of extremely well about one and every 50 adults extreme obesity once was thought to be a rare distinct condition
whose prevalence remained relatively steady over time.
The new study contradicts that thinking and suggests that his leads partly do the same kinds of behavior over eating an underactivity that have contributed to the epidemic number of Americans would less severe weight problems.
In fact, the findings by a ran corporation researcher shows that the number of extremely obesity also surged twice as fast as the number of less severely obese adults on the scale of obesity
as the whole population shifts to the right.
The extreme categories grow the fastest and ran economist Roland's storm.
He added these people of the highest health care costs.
Sturms at health problems associated with obesity including diabetes, oia, heart disease, high blood pressure, oia,
and arthritis probably affect the extremely obese disproportionately and at young ages too.
Big fat tubs.
And it goes on about body mass index and Americans tend to understate their weight.
A recent study based on actual measurements found at obesity rate of nearly one three or almost 59 million people.
Sturms said his findings probably understate the problem for the same reason.
Wow, the average man with a BMI of 40 in Sturms study was five foot ten and three hundred pounds.
While the average woman was five foot four and two hundred and fifty huge, gigantic, blubberies, pounds.
Man.
But I got good news for the one next piece we got here.
Ah, hey goodness.
No, you don't.
Dr. Bob would be proud.
How's he doing, Dr. Bob?
Huh?
Let's piece him back together.
What a shame.
He was a good guy.
Had a personality like a dead man and I guess now.
It wasn't a good guy.
He had a good diet.
No, he was a good guy.
No, he was a good guy.
No, he was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
Call them today.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
That's all you have to do is make that one easy call.
You'll talk to people that nobody can say that.
You pick the day in time for delivery.
Any two out of windows, seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m.
And they'll be there.
They'll show up.
And you'll be a happy camper like I've been sitting on a dial
mattress for many, many years, a coons age.
With low prices, same day delivery, if you set up an
removal, it's easy to see.
My dollar rate mattress is ranked the best in the world
and customer satisfaction.
So please do yourself a gigantic favor.
Don't get conned or sucked in by those mattresses,
storms, or furniture stores, foamy sales.
They can't match what you get every day from dial
a mattress.
Call them right now.
They'll be knocking on your door and whenever you want,
damn soon.
Call 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
For the answer, check them out online at macrus.com.
My, my, and local.
6-400-MATRUS.
6-400-MATRUS.
6-400-MATRUS.
6-400-MATRUS.
6-400-MATRUS.
6-400-MATRUS.
6-400-MATRUS.
Six- Sailboat ride.
Okayo.
We like to eat a lot.
Like, near the lots.
We like to eat a lot.
We like to casually ride.
We like to leverload.
We like to leverla.
We like to leverla.
Or less not, beinh.
And we never knew we're being jailed.
117 at 560 WM. Here's the good news
Research surprise low-carb dieters eat more calories and still lose weight. Oh
Ready for that. Why is that good for me? I love my carbs. I'm not talking about you
I'm talking about a spat people. I don't be so insensitive that you don't care about anybody else
Just because you're like mr. Perfect to wait and not fat and disgusting just the disgusting part
Fort Lauderdale
The dietary establishment is long argued is impossible and I have a lot of friends people
I know it was all no it's all the calories all this other stuff is a bunch of alone
It's all calories, but a new study offers intriguing evidence for the idea that people on low-carb diets can actually eat more
Then those on standard low-fat plans and still lose weight
There you go. Hey, Dr. Bob wake up a minute. What did this good news?
Even though you may be an asshole perhaps no idea is more controversial in the diet world than the contention
Longest spas by the late doctor Robert Ackon see there it is Dr. Bob
That people on low carbohydrate diets can consume more calories without paying a price on the scales
Over the past years several small studies have shown to many experts of prize
To their shock. Oh my god that the Atkins approach actually does work better at least in the short run
Dieters lose more than those on standard American Heart Association plan without driving up their cholesterol levels as many feared would happen
How many years ago? I tended that they didn't happen
Yeah, yeah, your cholesterol levels actually dropping your triglyceride levels dropped to like a phenomenon like 66 77 a sunset strip
They're great
skeptics content however that these diners simply must be eating less
I'm gonna go on a strict atkins right now. In fact, I've been on it all day like Sarah said like Sarah said of course
It's only one 19
All I've been drinking is my caffeine-free diet so to no caffeine by the way forget the caffeine
It says skeptics content that these diners simply must be eating less maybe low carb diets are more satisfying so them can hungry or perhaps the food choices are just a limited low carb
Diders are too bored to eat a lot sure
Now a small but carefully controlled study offer the strong hint that maybe Dr. Atkins was right all right
People on a low carb high fat diet actually can eat more they can eat more
The study directed by Penelope green of the Harvard School of Public Health
I love that name Penelope me to a really I rarely see it in print though
It's a shock for a girl named Penelope Penelope green of Harvard School of Public Health and presented a meeting here this week of the American
Association for the study of obesity
Found that people eating an extra 300 calories today in a very low-carb
Regimen's it lost just as much during a 12-8 study as those on a standard low-fat diet
An extra 300 calories
Which is what like a big Mac?
Over the course of the study to consume an extra 25,000 calories
Which should have added up to about three kilograms or seven pounds, but for some reason it did not
There does indeed to be something about a low-carb diet that says you can eat more calories
And lose a similar amount of weight green said that strikes it one of the most revered beliefs in nutrition
I've told you for a hundred years that American doctors know nothing about nutrition as soon as somebody tells you
There are registered dietitian run for the hillsman run for the nearest deli and see if you can find West Clark
One of the most revered beliefs in nutrition that a calorie is a calorie is a calorie
Does matter whether they come from bacon or mashed potatoes? They all go in a waistline in just the same way
Well, guess what?
Not even green says this settles the case, but some of the meeting found her report fascinating a lot of our assumptions about a calorie is a calorie being
Challens as Marlene Schwartz of Yale
As scientists we need to be open-minded
Others though found the data hard to swallow
Is that a little like play on words? Yeah, it doesn't make sense does it's at Barbara rolls of Penn State rolls
It violates the law of thermodynamics. No one's ever any as in jelly roll
It violates the law of thermodynamics. No one's ever found any miraculous metabolic effects in the study
Ready now you hanging on I think it's 21 overweight volunteers were divided into three categories two groups also randomly
Assigned either low-fatter low-carb diets with 15 in recalers for women 1800 from men third group was also low carb
Got an extra 300 calories a day the study was unique because all the food was prepared an upscale Italian restaurant in Cambridge, Massachusetts
So we church researchers knew exactly what they ate. Oh, I'd like that
I'd like that they got the best deal in the cities when I'm here
Most earlier studies simply sent people home with biopin's the follow as best they could each afternoon
The volunteers picked up that evenings dinner a bedtime snack and the next day's breakfast and lunch instead a lots of red meat and saturated fat
Which many find disturbing a lot low carb diets these people ate mostly fish chicken salads vegetables unsaturated oils
This is not what people think about when they think of an act in zy green said nevertheless
The act in zorganization agreed to pay for the research though
It had no input in the studies design conduct or analization
Everyone's food looked similar but was cooked in different recipes
Low-carb meals were 5% carbohydrate
15% protein and 65% fat
Holy to moly chimney the rest got 55% carbs 15% protein and 30% fat now here comes the payoff
In the end everyone lost weight those on the lower cal low-carb
Bridgman took off 23 pounds while people who got the same calories on the low-fat approach lost 17 pounds
The big surprise though was that the volunteers who got the extra 300 calories day of low-carb food lost 20 pounds
Have you like that green said she can only guess whether people getting extra calories did so well
Maybe they burned up more calories digesting their food
I see there is something to be said about that sure about that business about burning up calories digesting the food more calories
You're a hot takes more calories to digest fat. Yeah, all I'm little rodents all them jirbles and stuff are like racing around inside your body
the digested all
56705 60 pound five 60 on the A&T and T fat line or fat man. We're fat. We're all dying. We're choking on fat
187 by the way. It's a little bit that was 186
I'll go down and keep in a chart. Are you?
I'm going on eckons right now. Well you're right
186.7 on
Okay, so 187 isn't exactly right. I mean you could pee that out in next to 10 minutes. I could do that. I'll be right back
No, I just did take a big leak just before the break. Well go away yourself
Should I go hop on the scale? No, because I've been drinking my diet so here all morning
That's not fair. You do it first thing in the morning man after you get all you eliminate all that stuff
You take a good to a healthy leave you take a good healthy
And then you hop on a scale so oh man, I'm still taking a break of water. Don't take a deep breath. Right exactly
That's right. Don't help too much oxygen. That's the whole kill you
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's hi Alia. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. How are you doing sir? I'm doing great. How's George doing?
George is doing for what he is
Yes
Okay, he's terrible man. He's pathetic
And I forgot the comment. We're going on with the world man. I got on source Nega
He's a California governor. I got drug
Niche with a limbal. Drug limbal
Drug limbal and you got a little prop. Look a little bit pro
Little pill pro
I see Rick thank you. Yeah, the talk show
Yeah, uh, child six
What is going on man? You're right. I think the last one was the that was like the last down on a coffin
That told us we're going to hell on a handcash and the thing about drug
Limbal
He admits that he's um doing that stuff, but he didn't he doesn't admit what he's doing wrong, you know, you know
No, no, it's because he uh had the you know the problem with his back. That's the excuse
That's the lane excuse. Yeah, that's the main you know, he's playing golf. I'm gonna ask him man. Exactly. Well said man
Have a great day. All right. Thank you.
That's what amuses me is the the sicker fans of it oh heads the rush liquors those are the people now now
They'll try to turn the tables and well, you know, we're gonna pick on this one
Well, what's that got to do with him right? He's the one that's holier than the rest of us
And that's the problem and we found the chigger in a wood pile. That's what Wilma said
A lot of chiggers in that wood pile in Russia's house up there in Palm Beach in his 80 billion dollar house
I got I just so compelled
I know I'm not gonna do it because it would be bad radio
I don't want to disappoint that guy to keep scarring us when we're gonna start doing good radio. I got to mark on the calendar 2006
But uh here it is again. I just I just love it
His housekeeper Wilma says the top show host pressured one man in the handing over pills prescribed for his wife after she'd had a miscarriage
And scored painkillers from a stenographer with a broken leg
He was shameless if he knew anyone was suffering painting would try to persuade them to share their pills and probably didn't even turn over any
Cabbage too. I was at it. Huh?
You like cabbage sloth rock
Stuff cabbage man stuff cabbage stinks don't like stuff cabbage make it fart. Yeah
Stinks like stuff cabbage. Oh, I don't like cooked cabbage. Oh man. Oh man. I bet your West Park has some great
Stuff cabbage the rascal has to
You're not as pedophile
Don't come around yet tell me that sorry your excuses say just for me
Cuz what did you do to me that night just for me?
Yes
When you were feeling yes, see your ill-wendest
Ask me. No, you didn't have to blast me
Yes
What
substances
Let's go!
So who's got the cabbage?
132 at 560 WQM. How many votes we got on this thing today?
Not too bad.
559.
Not like yesterday when we just about broke all records with that rush poll.
It's in everybody's Russian or the computer.
Hey, let's do that again.
Yeah, we should have left it out there for six months.
We should have left out at least five weeks until he allegedly came back.
Do you think he's going to be back in five weeks?
No.
No.
What so-called comedian do you think is the least funny?
Dennis Miller 106.
He's pulling away.
106.
Tom Arnold 76.
See how many votes he's ahead already?
Bob Thirdman.
Not even close, no more.
Whoopi Goldberg 46, Carrotop 45.
Rosie 42.
Bob Sagitt.
36.
A real wimp.
Martin Lawrence 33.
Wanda Sykes 20.
Ben Stein 19.
Seinfeld 15.
But he's so Jewish.
Jerry Lewis 12, who's almost as Jewish.
Robin Williams 11th Ray Romano 11th Ray Romano 10.
Jay Leno has got nine.
How a man delts only got nine.
LND Generate 7.
Chris Rock 7.
J. Moore 6.
I have no idea.
I know Chris Moore.
He ain't funny either.
Tim Allen 6.
Jackie.
And what is it with those shows?
Those how home improvement and tool of this and tool of what is that?
Citrus.
Stupid ass concept man.
Yeah, those stupid home improvement sitcoms.
What is that?
Citcom.
You looked literally.
Yes, I did.
Tim Allen 6.
Jackie Mason 6.
Jackie Mason got 6.
Sinbad 6.
Chris Tucker's got 6.
Bill Maher's got 5.
That's because our audience probably likes Bill Maher, which I'll never forgive them for.
Al Frankenfo, Peeley Hermanfo, Jackie DeJokeman, Martling Fo, Pooley Field 3, Colin Quinn 3.
Jimmy Kimmel 2.
I do like saying that though.
In fact, even Fat Boy will come up there and tell you about those good roast beef sandwiches on Kimmelwick in Buffalo.
Have you ever had that?
No.
Seriously, you never heard of that?
No.
Don't you remember the day the guy called?
I was talking about Niebu's roast beef.
Yeah.
And a guy called from Buffalo who started that chain.
Yeah, I put it out on my head.
Oh, anyway, Kimmelwick.
Uh, Norm McDonald's got one.
A small one.
John Larrichhead, Bill Cosby, David Letterman, and Waterpeace.
And none.
Oh, he actually put senior Wences on her shame on you.
I've already done that when you said don't do it.
Oh, Jackie Green.
Well, why do we put them on there?
Nobody knows who that is.
You said whatever they suggest.
Oh, that's the Bill.
Jackie Green, they're going to think.
Johnny Carson has none.
Zero.
Jeanine Grafflo has gotten none.
Dudley Moore have none.
And Rich Lewis has none.
And who we leave out in Gallagher, we got to put on it.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I think you'll mention Rosanne.
Rosanne Bar.
Right.
Now you have.
Okay.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
Chronic, but she's nice, right?
Chronic.
Hello.
Rosanne Bar.
Get Rosanne Bar on there, please.
Oh, by the way, speaking of something that we can't stand, since that's very big in South
Florida, illusion is David Blaine.
One of your very favorites.
Yeah.
Tell CNN.
He is unlikely to do anything like this again.
He's been suspended in a glass box in London since September 5th.
The American illusionist spoke to CNN's Robin Kurnaum on Dave Hire audio link from his box
on the banks of the River Thames.
Brad Pitt stopped by and took one.
Look and said, what's in the box?
This whole thing has been so much more difficult than anything else.
I've ever done.
I don't think I can ever do anything like this again.
Does anybody care?
Does anybody want to ever see him again?
Oh, no.
I like that.
Wayne has had hamburgers, bacon sandwiches, eggs, golf balls, even paint bombs thrown at him.
A man was arrested on September 16th for trying to sabotage his water supply.
Oh, what a shame they got him.
Damn it.
Others have tried to keep him awake by beating drums nearby.
Barbecue has been lit to torment him and some have veered breasts and baux docks at him.
Bracken!
Although silly brits, man, showed him their...
Tips.
Chris says.
The least funny comedian in the world is Eddie Isard.
Is he?
Never heard of him.
He's a British transvestite, dresses in drag on stage.
You can't understand a word he says.
In short, he's a piece of crap.
A sample joke when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon.
He should have said, oh, it's all sticky, it's covered in jam.
Ho, ho.
Despite this, he's considered by 20-somethings to be a god, not in Britain, here in the US of A.
I wait for the future.
Mo, how are we David and his funny?
Oh, that's us at all.
That's a loop.
Wow.
If Mo, how are David and his funny are then heavy, his...
You never heard of him?
No.
I have.
And?
He's not funny.
You know what else it might have been the Dave Matthews band?
Yeah, for millions?
What about them?
No, I'm not talking about comedians.
I'm just talking about the 20-somethings.
It's like it's a state of mind again.
Sure.
Hate them.
Right.
Oh, but that makes you unhypnotable.
Because we say, yeah, we're old and undebted.
We're very proud of it, by the way.
No, it has nothing to do with that.
They just suck.
Right.
But the Dave Matthews band is like the in a state of mind.
It's like the Rascal House and the Forge.
And Joe Stone grabs all these things.
West Clark, I bet you'll be at the Joe's pretty soon.
You think?
I guess once a week, he can.
No, but Joe's isn't Jewish, see.
Won't be another good place for him to eat.
Um, Fossberg's Delian Hollywood.
Never heard of it.
Oh, they're great.
He could eat at Wolfies.
If it was still there, the Rascal has the closest thing we got left to Wolfies
because Wolfie Cohen originated.
Wolfie Cohen is still dead, by the way.
Yeah, what a sad, sad situation this way.
And he could eat a pumper next to the old.
The kids hadn't put it out of business by stealing the silverware and a sweet and low.
And the carpet and everything else that wasn't tacked down.
Here's a call from Pampino.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How you doing?
Hey, good.
Listen, I'm going to, I want to try out on next week.
Can you tell me where to go?
Like the best place to go to?
Where to go?
To do what?
I'm going to go to the kitchen.
I already booked a flight.
I already booked a flight.
I already booked a flight.
So I don't know if I've ever been to book flight yet.
Yeah.
Go to Ottawa, man.
That's the capital of Ontario, like a real well there.
Go see Froggy, Jean-Crichin.
We got a real good taco bell here.
I'll see you at the Eden Center, okay, Schmuck?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Oh, I'm going to Vegas continue.
Tell me a good gas station to gas up my red car.
What's a good gas station?
Connico.
Oh, no, not for me.
Don't put that cheap gas.
Well, maybe a renicar, not in my corvettes.
Gas stations that you wouldn't, that's a good pull for you someday.
Most seriously, like as much as I love Godfather's,
I would never get the Hess gas.
No, either.
Because I think, you know, it makes me think of Rudolph Hess, you know.
Which I realize I'm not saying that they have anything to do with that,
which they don't.
They do.
This makes me think of that.
You know, plus it's cheap gas.
Connico, which isn't used to be tentico.
Okay, depending on a part of the country that you're in,
it's like, you know, different names.
Right.
Sonoco.
No, no, Sonoco is good.
I mean, we had that.
I'm just naming up skier.
I don't think Sonoco is around anymore.
Is it?
I haven't seen it in a long time.
Big up, all right.
Yes, Sonoco is over the place.
See what you got to like about Sonoco is they have the different grades.
Not just you're three different, you know, like premium or regular or whatever.
But they have like 85 different grades and you like punch the thing up on you.
And you think you're getting like really good stuff.
It's coming out of the tap.
But, huh?
Yeah, probably it's like half and half.
50, 50 percent gas and 50 percent water.
How about sinclair?
Sinclair.
Is that the one with the dinosaur?
Yes, it is.
Yeah, I never got those sinclair.
Neither.
But you know what I'm talking about?
The low rent district, the real cheap, usually in marginal neighborhood kind of gas station.
If you're driving a car,
Sico, would you put Sico Masaheers?
No way, Jose, man.
In fact, if you ever heard Brian Murray say it.
I beg of you, local.
This is my city.
I beg of you.
I beg of you, though.
You're the only one.
You ain't.
Can you hear me?
I have the fiddle for you.
Can't you think you're hearing?
I know you should afford to.
Hello, Urashi.
Urashi.
Urashi.
Urashi.
What for?
What?
What?
What a tough job.
What for?
When we run that,
do not do what we want.
What will you do?
We're going to do it.
You're bad for you.
You hateful treats.
Let's adopt you.
Overpay this candy.
I might sound good,
but I'm not sorry.
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
What for?
I'm going to have fun!
I'm going to have fun!
You're going to have fun!
I'm not going to have fun!
I'm not going to have fun!
I'm going to have fun!
Yeah!
146.
Now that we're pounding on, are we?
Good.
You're not going to like this story.
Alright, some US troops in Iraq will have to wait until December. This is from the Guardian, the British paper.
We'll have to wait till December to get the military's best body armor, which is strong enough to stop bullets fired from assault rifles.
Nearly a quarter of the 130,000 American troops in Iraq still have not been issued the newest body armor, which has ceramic plates to stop rifle rounds.
The laser and funding production and shipping mean that the last of the 30,000, how many?
30,000 sets of body armor won't be delivered in Iraq to Iraq until December more than eight months after the war began.
Congress approved $310 million and able to buy $300,000 more than the bulletproof vest, including $30,000 for troops in Iraq.
But only about $75 million has reached the Army office overseeing the vest manufacturer and distribution, said David Nelson, an official men office.
Used to be on Aussie and Hurried, didn't he?
Sure. Angry members of Congress have announced the Pentagon saying as many as 44,000 troops like the best vests because of a sluggish supply chain, relatives of, wait till you hear this, relatives of some soldiers have resorted to buying body armor in the United States and shipping it to their troops congressional critics say.
Along with toilet paper, toothpaste, everything on the road.
Representative Ted Strickland, Democratic Ohio said I got a letter from the young soldier in Baghdad saying that the men in his group were concerned that they had cheap armor that was incapable of stopping bullets.
And they wondered why they couldn't have the best protection possible under the circumstances.
The House version of an $86.7 million Iraq spending bill passed last week includes $251 million for body armor and for clearing unexploded munitions, although it's unclear whether additional money would speed the process at this point.
President Bush's original request included no more money for body armor.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I missed that. I missed that. I missed that. I missed that date reading.
Say it again.
President Bush's original request, well, let me read the whole paragraph.
The House version of that $86.7 million Iraq spending bill passed last week includes $251 million for body armor and for clearing unexploded munitions, although it's unclear whether additional money would speed the process at this point.
President Bush's original request included no more money for body armor.
Oh my God.
I just, like I said, mentioned that in passing.
Hey, and interestingly enough, President Bush's approval rating is back up.
Have been declining in recent weeks, but it's moved back up primarily due big gains among men and among high income Americans according to, I can't imagine why.
Can you? No.
A majority of registered voters say Bush deserves to be reelected, but only 38% say they will definitely vote for Bush according to that pool with exactly the same number.
Say they would vote against them. The battle for swing voters in the middle seems more important than ever.
How are Dean God in recent weeks, Bush's approval rating had split as Democrats, especially how are Dean is the Arnold Schwarzenegger of the West with a brain?
See what I'm saying? Okay.
He's the anti establishment. He's the alternative. He's the choice. He's going to pop them all. He's going to pump up America and send the Bushes back to a Webinar.
Come from Texas.
Bush's approval rating had split in recent weeks, especially among those seeking the party.
But administration figures are taking part in aggressive public relations, ever explaining and lying through their teeth about the Iraq policy.
They're dusting off kind of leaves and all these other goyms and shipping them out there and praying them around.
And Bush is speaking out more in the economy now that market, of course, this tremendous comeback that we've got now, right?
And the people on the gambling channel are there pumping it up the Dow is up 13.71, the Nasdaq's up 3.12.
But I actually like the new look on there, even though there are a bunch of thieves in the obelang and jail.
You know something? I don't like the new look. Why not? Smaller.
No, but I don't like the the crawl on the bottom. I don't I just don't like the whole setup.
I do. I don't. I don't know. It's more compact, but you don't want to come back. You want to be big. You want to jump in on it.
What do you want to see? Marab Barca Romero would have been bagged in her eyes. Like I said, make that ugly bitch.
Every time she's on a screen that her put up the whole crawl should cover her puts and her face.
Disgusting baggy bitch. Man, is she just grotesque? I'm Maria Bacteromo. See, she's kind of like Tony Dorset.
We used to be Tony Dorset. And who's somebody other one's got? Some of these athletes that change away the pronounce their name.
Yeah. But anyway, she's used to be Maria Bacteromo. Oh, not Maria Bacteromo.
Have you ever noticed that? No. Butter Roman during the X. Yeah, no, I'll bring a back to Rome.
You better say it right, mister. You're going to go to goddamn hell.
Kill Bill, bloody up the box office. I meant to mention this yesterday because it's violent and grotesque.
And maybe the most violent movie of all time. And I'll probably see it this weekend. There you go. And we like it. We like a lot of violence.
I don't want to see train spotting though, because I don't want to do my duty.
It was payback time for Quentin Tarantino and Uma Thurman at the box office. I wonder if she's kind to Uma, Ima Sumak.
Uma, Uma. At the box office Papa Uma Mao, is your daddy? At the box office is the Vengeance Saga Kill Bill volume one.
Open volume one. Is there going to be any ideas? Open then first place with 22.7 million bucks.
The previous weekend's number one flick, the School of Rocks, flipped the second place with 15.4.
The Cohen Brothers, romantic comedy, intolerable cruelty starring George Clooney and Catherine Zeta Jones, was debuted at number three.
Good boy, a family flick featuring the voice of Matthew Browderick as a talking dog from outer space, premiered in fourth place with 13 million.
And the weekend's other new wide release, The Horror Tale, The House of the Dead, opened at number six with five and a half million.
In limited release, Clint Eastwood's Mystic River had an exceptional debut, taking in almost 600 grand and 13 theaters for whopping average of 46 grand.
The dark murdered drama starring Sean Penn, Tim Robbins and Kevin Bacon, Expansed to More theaters this week. Well that sounds like it might be good.
Mystic River? It especially if you still live in Boston like I did, and you used to drive over that Mystic River bridge.
You ever been on a Mystic River bridge? No. Ever been in Saga's? No. Ever been in Rockingham Park? No. What the hell do you know?
I'm a legend in the world. We're a spiritual feisty. You AM.
Oh!
They're all right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
Saying the Monies, Monies who enter in their old mothers.
I bet you're gonna save that when it guns at your back as they pick up or that train.
Right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
Well, adjusting enough, just have fun, feeling the airways with hatred.
The radio was permeated with the lights of Dr. Laura Bill, Henry and Michael Reagan.
They call it Clear Channel, cause they're clearly out to make the message clear.
The right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
They're all right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
For all the table-dog can idiot to boot and get any dumber.
Ladder, married to whatever they are told to believe and worshiped Georgia's their king.
Right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary movie.
Have Terry Muff color who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can color them done.
If they won, you'll leave her, man.
Oi!
Right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
They're all right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
Ouh!
Inundated, but as if them are getting a juicy humler.
Just remember what I said when it comes to your back as they made the abort that train.
Right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
They're all right when Nazi Republican mother f**kers.
For all the table-dog can idiot to boot.
I bet you ain't think for all this back tomorrow, Scott.
I bet you're any of them, I bet you Georgia's life on it.
I bet you're all right when you're back tomorrow.
I just have a feeling he'll be, you know.
And then of course Thursday is going to be that gigantic day when the book comes out.
Wow!
That is going to be a pressure pact.
Either time is flying or I'm getting really older both.
Thought flew by today.
I'm not talking about today.
I'm talking about it seems like every other minute we're talking.
Oh we got another train coming out.
We got another book coming out of these damn ratings, man.
Another book already?
Why don't they just say, yeah, okay you guys are great.
You've got number one for every year.
That's it.
Everybody who did well just stick it in everybody did poorly.
Absolutely.
You know they suck, you know, and that's it.
And what the hell is this thing you just sent me about the illiterate cave dwellers?
We'll have to save that for tomorrow.
Okay.
In Pikeville, Kentucky that's with a P.
Yeah.
Great selections for our poll just before they are closing time you're out of the gun.
Louis Anderson sucks.
Man you are absolutely.
Absolutely correct.
Whoever you are man, Louis Anderson bites the big one.
Just blows.
And Tucker, not Carlson with a bow tie.
Tucker our factur says a late entry for your poll is Craig Kilborn.
He is without a doubt the most unfunny late night funny man.
I dearly try and watch him.
I'll thank you word for it Tucker.
Okay.
Craig Kilborn got it.
Got it.
Now the good news for me is that for some strange reason my homepage here got all
dicked around.
Your homo page?
My homo page and so I was able to vote twice more for Dennis Miller.
Excellent.
I mean, I know it's good.
He's only 24 ahead.
He was up by.
About 30 man.
I just want to make sure we keep him right up there on top where he belongs.
A bullish major asshole about as funny as a severe arthritis of the kneecap.
Just a real piece of turd Dennis Miller speaking of the home page.
New picture.
New picture.
Are we getting a new picture on there?
I better click on it right now.
One moment please.
Anybody hasn't seen our new rush picture on there?
You'll love that.
In fact, you can probably order some of that stuff right on there.
Do we have a full free number to order?
Yeah.
And...
Oh no.
Sink free then grey at the Marij is our good buddy.
Raw.
He's a little underweather.
Well, great Davis.
You got to find something to do for crying out loud.
Mad Dog is next to Humberett for Marlins and the Cubs must win desperate seven o'clock tonight.
Bye bye.
Thank you for your show.
I'm rising to the QAN.
My name is for learning.
The black's dealing with the sun and all this kind of stuff.
