Everybody, okay!
Okay.
Well, day here it is, the world,
When the screening days meet the rest of the girl
In the closet no more, that's what day day is for.
It's a day, day after all!
Oh!
It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts
And when we all come, you can hear us squirts
We can tickle and tease us with our manicure
Go cheese to get a day after all!
We hold the hands in its end,
Sure, let them watch the lines of an alley marching
And the nature is streaked with a kiss
On the cheek, it's a day after all!
All right!
We can wear tight shorts,
They have gold blown me
And wear mascara like a leasing
We can then sew way as we dance
And sashay to get a day after all!
MGM will have a celebrity ball
Posted by a reptillar and root ball
There'll be Mervyn Hockey Rock
Not to mention Beat like hot!
It's a day after all!
Oh!
It's a day after all!
It's a day after all!
It's a day after all!
We're gonna have only six votes to go for 2000, Bonerboy!
Oh my!
Oh my!
I think we can do it!
Yes, we can!
And we won't give another result until we get the even 2000
I think that's the first time we've had 2000 votes on a poll since the Alien Days
When you say?
I don't know.
I don't know.
You know what I'm talking to you?
I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to Jorge there, okay?
I didn't want to look at the stats page in those days.
No, it's not on here.
You're not gonna find that.
That goes back a long ways, but I'm just thinking.
In fact, maybe even back then we never had 2000.
But in any rate, we need just six more votes on Feral,
who's not, you notice how he's like crushing over which is fine,
but pretty soon he's gonna be doing 6A into 2.
And what's wrong with that?
You know, something as long as I get paid, I say.
Oh!
Like that old part that call on Friday right out of the box.
Why don't you just do us a favor and retire, Neil?
Tomorrow is payday, though.
I just mentioned that in passing.
For some of us.
For some of us, not for Bonerboy because he's a bad boy.
And because he wouldn't bear it for our program director.
That's the problem.
See, when you were cooperating with Duff, when he was program director,
you notice how he used to get paid?
Yeah.
But now you're not cooperating with a new program director
and your pay is being withheld.
It's being held in trust.
Okay, let's refresh that thing and see how that came out.
How about those ducks, huh?
Wow, I can't believe it.
It's actually had two games with goals being scored
in like a little bit of excitement.
And Game 7, the night everybody, even George is going to be watching Game 7
the night, aren't you?
Sorry, what?
The ducks in the devil?
Oh, 1999, the next vote!
Better get the drum roll out.
Here we go.
Just one moment, please.
The next vote.
Well, look at that 2005.
It's not even close.
I mean, the freshman and the sophomore, you got to just get them laid.
There you go.
2005 votes.
What's your take on Scott Farrell?
I'll tell you, there's certainly a topic there that this audience
is emotional about.
Great.
One of on six to 10 a.m.
Oh!
800 and seven votes, 40.2%.
Now that's, and keep in mind, he's only been on for a week.
He's only been on here for a week.
And almost half of this audience, this picky,
nagging, never happy, hard to please audience, almost 50%
one of them on six to two.
Six to 10 a.m.
I think things are starting to look a little dark for Moe,
because Joe wants his five to six hour back,
and the audience wants Farrell on six to 10.
It's starting to look a little bit dark for him, Moe.
Especially in a lot of the fact I turn him on this morning,
I hop out of the sack, I come in here, I get everything all going.
I turn him on, he's talking about the guy,
then Marlins again, and about Mike Lowell, this,
and Mike Lowell, oh geez, I ran out of here.
I ran into the three S.H.
is faster than you could like, do it.
2005 votes, 807, one of on six to 10 a.m.
Only listen to Neil, 346, but that's only 17.2%.
It's usually about 30 in it.
Yeah.
He's good, but keep him on 8 to 10 a.m.
212, 10 point, another 10 and a half percent.
So that right there, just those two categories,
put him over 50%.
That voice killed my pets, 195 wise guys, 9.7%.
He's okay, there's another 164, another 8.1%.
Are you following this?
Uh-huh.
Who's he, 136?
Can't stay at him only 83, and he's weak 62.
That's only 7.1% negative.
They love you Farrell, they're doing it.
I don't think they're, I trust me.
Oh, oh, see, I taped that for money, comes on,
and I got the beast in it.
Shut up beast.
You're screwing around, you're messing up with my droppings,
you idiot.
God.
Speaking of fat people.
Let's see, here's the fact that I wanted the debate
between Al Franken, Molly Evans, Bill or Rob.
I watched it, yeah, it was fantastic.
Yeah, we had that on our website.
Okay, it's old news.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Outbreak of concern.
First, there was West Nile virus spread from birds to mosquitoes,
and out of humans, then there was SARS, believed
or operated, originated the animals in China,
and somehow passed on to people.
Now there's another new animal demand infection to worry about.
Monkeypox.
Oi!
Ready for that?
No, not right now.
Only in this particular story, just notice, there was a typo.
They left the decay out of the monkey.
It says, moneypox.
Yeah, that's a venerboy's new disease, moneypox,
which he's going to catch a bad dose of tomorrow on payday.
The relatively rare virus has turned up for the first time
in the U.S. where at least 28 people in Wisconsin, Illinois, and Indiana
have come down with the disease.
It appears most of these have one thing in common.
They all came into contact with prairie dogs,
roamed-like creatures imported from Africa,
which would become popular pets.
Prairie dogs.
Don't be getting no prairie dog unless you want to get sick.
The oldest causes, rashes, fevers, and large lymph nodes
has thought to be an offshoot of smallpox,
although it's less infectious and rarely fatal.
It's believed the pet distributor in Chicago may be ground zero
for the outbreak after a chiptome prairie dogs and ill-gambian rat
to Milwaukee.
There's nothing worse than ill-gambian rat.
The search is on for other states that may have received similar exotic cargo.
Health officials expect more cases will be reporting out the symptoms
have been publicized.
There have been no deaths as a result of this infection yet.
Monkeypox.
Oi!
Always have to have something to keep us on edge.
Have you noticed that?
Mm-hmm.
So anyway, speaking of gay days in Disney World,
the trickle of anybody in the crowd at gay days this weekend,
I bet you I know somebody who was there.
I don't want to mention no names on here.
Somebody we haven't spoken to yet this morning has been in our studio.
Who?
Who?
The trickle of redshirt and Disney enthusiasts first appeared in the parking lot
more than a mile by Mono Rail or Ferry boat from their intended destination.
They were taken the ferry boat.
By journeys and just inside the gates of all Disney's world's magic kingdom,
the trickle became a sea of red.
The throng of people matching on symbols, most of whom had never met,
was more than by coincidence.
Saturday with the annual gay day at Disney attracting several thousand gays and lesbians,
whose choice of hue was allowing them to share the experience together.
They were sharing it together.
You could feel comfortable holding hands, Flready and Birdie.com stocks
said of the atmospheric gay day.
One of a week long series of gay related, oh, it goes on all week?
I didn't know that.
She says, you're not worrying if you're going to get hurt,
everybody should be this free.
Red appeared to be the most singular popular color Saturday,
but crowds of visitors at the magic kingdom looked little different from any average group
on a summer day at the South Procline happiest place on earth.
A couple from the Netherlands, Mark Ulrich Winklar,
and did Rick Ulrich Winklar, said they were amazed by the welcoming environment
as they threw the park with friends.
Mark Ulrich Winklar, who's from Amsterdam, said that Gades or Lando's been as comfortable as gay festivals
in the Netherlands where he said homosexuality is accepted and same-sex marriages are legal
in Amsterdam and it's an issue anymore.
Mark Ulrich Winklar said it's nice to see people here can be themselves.
Isn't that sweet?
Ah.
Not everyone wore red.
Vesia, a 24-year-old Orlando drag queen who has to be identified only by a state's name,
sported a bright green, two-piece flower dress and matching head.
Others including Mark Ulrich Winklar.
This is a story in a Sunsendle and they must repeat this asshole's name about 50 times.
I don't own a red shirt and I don't want to buy a well-read one for this day.
He said beside I heard that white was another option.
Oh, there you go.
I guess there were some banters there.
Alan Williams, part of a banter's church group from Georgia, said he would have asked to change the group's travel plans
that he'd known this was Gades.
Another member of the church group, Mary White, said they didn't mind the atmosphere but wouldn't want to come back for a second day of Gades' fun.
We can't take two days of Gades, a 49-year-old church member joke.
She jokes.
She was like, hurtling as he said it.
One day we could handle it but two days we couldn't stomach it.
I saw a movie speaking of stomach it yesterday afternoon that was so damn good.
Thanks to the punks in the audience who recommended this even though you guys poop-pooed it.
Somebody poop-pooed it.
Wasn't me.
I think it was Bonerboy.
Now, this is one of you, because I remember.
I think you're delusional.
No, somebody said, oh, you don't want to see that.
It's how to be called.
It was.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, it was damn good.
Rules of attraction.
I give it a 10.
Now, not as good as some of the other tens.
You know what I mean?
You're being as relative.
It's not in the same genre.
But in terms of enjoyment, in terms of the way it was made, in terms of the acting, in terms of the amusement, in terms of the make-believe sex.
The acting was great.
Rules of attraction.
Which I usually can't stand James Vanderbeek.
Good Dutchboy, James Vanderbeek.
But he was great.
He was outstanding.
He was like the main character.
And Jessica Beel.
And Howard Beel.
And Paul, the screaming queen Paul, and his buddy Dick.
They're Paul and Dick, who are really tight in this flick.
And it's good.
And you guys haven't even seen it.
I saw the beginning.
I am so embarrassed.
I can't get over it.
Amazing.
Here's our poll question for today.
We'll get it right up.
And then I'll tell you why we're doing it.
Well, let me tell you why we're doing it first.
Story in the Herald.
Survey shows Americans less trusting, more suspicious than ever.
Cynthia Ivy will organize the closet, plan the move, pay the bills, and collect all the documents at tax time.
You just have to trust her.
Believe it or not, some people do.
She makes a living by convincing strangers to let her company lose ends, manage their private affairs for a fee.
As the 48-year-old Chicago entrepreneur explains, I couldn't have a business if my clients didn't trust me.
Ah, trust me, it says.
Baseball star Sandy Sosa said at this week, have to get in court with the court bat, so to mark this steward after a criminal indictment.
The new inter-remeteter of the scandal plagued New York Times wants you to trust.
Same with the Catholic Church, the federal government, fortune 500 companies, just like Cynthia Ivy, they all want you to believe in them.
The mother of all such surveys that the University of Chicago's National Opinion Research Center reveals that he pressing truth in a few simple numbers,
asked whether most people can be trusted.
53% of Americans said yes in 64, that number dropped to 49% in 1971, 44% in 80, 39% in 1991, and 35% in 2002, whether most people can be trusted.
So here's our poll question today.
Who do you trust the most?
Got a few choices on there. You think I left anybody out? You see it?
No.
Who do you trust the most?
My spouse, my parents, George W. Bush, Neil Rogers, Mohawar Davida, my priest rabbi or minister, myself, I trust nobody or my best friends.
I leave anybody out.
I think that covers it.
If it was just an internal poll, we could put like Greg Reed on there.
You know what I'm saying?
He get a lot of votes.
Who do you trust the most? Greg Reed. He get a unanimous verdict.
I trust him to what?
Screw you.
1013 at 560 WQA. I'm on a happy Monday to you, by the way. It's a great Monday.
And I kept thinking that Father's Day was yesterday.
And you never corrected me on it.
I'll be clung and kept talking about what Father's Day is Sunday.
And it is Sunday, but not yesterday, next Sunday.
So you weren't wrong.
Barbecues Galore has got an unbeaten, levable, celestial grill that you can only find in this great store.
Well, two of them. They're two great locations.
This wicked Barbecues Galore check out their incredible deal.
On the three-burner Barbecues chef, a Barbecues Galore exclusive.
It's only $199 with 42,000 BTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area, and built-in hood thermometer.
You just can't beat this deal with a stick for a liquid propane grill.
Or for you traditionalist out there, be sure and check out the new Beef Master, charcoal grill.
On their Barbecues Galore exclusive, that's only $199 with more than 600 square inches of cooking space cast iron grills.
And it just will fire great and a full-width ash catcher.
Both these grills will make a perfect gift for Father's Day, which is coming up this Sunday, dummy.
And speaking of Father's Day, Barbecues Galore's got great gift ideas for Dad in all price ranges, including many gifts under 50 bucks.
Barbecues Galore carries the biggest selection of Barbecues accessories anywhere.
They got them all. They got gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies, all of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere.
And be sure and take advantage of no payments in this cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
You'll find stores and plantation in New York University, Drabbit of Houghton Shopping Center.
Also, you'll find them in Coral Springs, in the corner of Sample and Rock Island Road.
Everything will lead all summer long and all year round at Barbecues Galore, everything under the sun at unbeatable prices too.
And at night, and locals, this is Fort Real by City.
Way to A&M.
It's day-out!
If I ever tell, at 5.6.0 WQA.
The VH1 is gonna set my screen on fire.
With a whole lot of divas, the red is screened, trying to prove they're not retired.
But this here, my very only summary.
Well, proof she can sing as good as her daddy.
She looks like a real man.
She looks like someone put a wig on me.
Lisa in Vegas.
Lisa in Vegas.
Oh, I know there are lots of other gals who are gone on whale and sing.
But let's face it, folks, there's only one.
Who knows how to sneer like a king?
Oh, there's some real big divas on VH1.
But almost all of their careers are done.
So please watch my daughter, cos I got no song.
Watch Lisa in Vegas.
Lisa in Vegas.
Lisa in Vegas.
Lisa in Vegas.
Oh, wow!
And I paid at 5.60 WQA.
I'm gonna tell you something.
I'm gonna have to start having June Allison send me cases of the pens for the show every day if you're gonna keep doing this to me.
What was that?
Get out of here.
I'm checking the emails here during this last break.
Now the piece pretzels and it just be an idea.
Forget about it.
And then of course we got a nice Kristen and Carrie for the hot couples contest.
Nice looking couple.
Another couple besides them.
We have another one coming.
I should have already gotten it.
I thought that's the one you were talking about.
Send him the other one.
And...
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Just when you think you can't top the latest pictures on our website.
Just when you think you can't get any better.
Now who's responsible for this piece of artistic brilliance?
One of our wonderful listeners.
Albert.
The morphing one?
Yeah.
Where Mo Morphing to Bozo?
Yeah.
Oh, this is serious.
Now what's that gonna be on our website?
Working on it right now.
Oh!
You're gonna have to be in a sitting down position.
You'll have to have a spare.
You'll have to be wearing your diapers or depends.
As the case may be.
And when you look at this.
This is the best.
This is far better than just the original Haerliss Mo Sans de T.
And it's appropriate for the family too.
And Neil and Mo...
Yeah.
The ass to ass was like a little bit R rated.
But this is perfect for the entire family of all ages, of all persuasions.
Mo Morphing into a Bozo.
And...
I was not a suggested cover for the SCD.
The one about my dancing on Mo's grave.
It was one of them right.
Oh, that's my favorite.
Me too.
It's from the same guy.
Yeah.
No, it's hand-in-out.
It's from the same guy.
Thank you, sir, whoever you are.
You're a genius.
I love it.
Look at those phones this morning, man.
Are these people worked up or what, huh?
What?
What?
It's Monday.
It's Monday morning.
And plus these people, I mean, it's not the kind of a pool they're gonna be adding anything to.
So...
And I just mentioned that one movie there, which is a little bit nervous that we might be movie-intensive again.
Rules of attraction.
I don't see anybody else calling in who liked that movie.
Or maybe somebody hated it.
I don't know what's not to like.
I mean, the only thing that separated it from being ex-rated was the fact that all of the sex was like, you know, simulated.
A lot of bobbing of heads.
Up and down and back and forth and in and out and all of that stuff.
But it was... it's a panic.
It's a real hoot.
George will not like it because the ending like...
It like leaves you hanging there, you know?
Like, what just happened, damn it.
What is it?
Well, let's watch it anyway.
See, I don't care what you say, because I watched the Requiem again last night for the 500th time.
Third time.
Yeah, I've seen it.
I had to get a fix, so to speak.
And that movie, that ends at a point where you don't know what will happen to her.
Yeah, you do.
You sure as hell have no idea what will happen to Harry?
Right?
He's the one-armed bandit now.
He's the one-armed bandito.
And what's her name?
She's busy doing as to as.
Jennifer Connelly.
She's going to be a heroin whore.
I'm going to tell you something.
The two of them are such a perfect match.
Maybe it's the makeup.
Maybe I don't know.
Maybe it was just brilliant casting.
That could have been it.
Yeah.
But Jared Lido and Jennifer Connelly are like the perfect, well, I said a perfect couple, but
in a sense that they're both screwed up.
Right.
But they're a match.
In fact, late if you check late in the movie, next time you watch it, like in about an hour,
she's lying there on the sofa.
I mean, just totally distraught.
And she looks like him.
Right.
If you look at her face, I mean, they're like interchangeable.
Interchangeable junkies.
Because they're in the same place.
I don't tell me we got to call.
It might be about that the rules of attraction from Davy.
Hello.
First call of the week.
Hello.
From Davy.
Good call.
Good call.
Yeah.
Well, he was right.
Keep it coming.
Good so far.
Yes.
See, I knew he'd be there.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm from Davy.
Yeah.
I'm a redneck and I love the gay pride.
I love gay pride march.
Uh-huh.
Reverend Jones sounds like he's in a guy named Burrell.
That's our call for this week.
I think we're going to like do a call for you a week or something.
Just when we thought we had tremendous momentum going,
we had the big mole.
Yeah.
Had a tremendous response and Pharrell on the pole, which was really amazing.
Up better than I am.
Yeah.
You see the kids, Sam Pedro on the channel four last night.
I was doing that sports rap show with Jim and Jill and Pharrellah.
Anyway, he was wearing a Gypsy Hill pharmaceutical shirt.
I saw that.
He was representing great for the uh,
favorite of college athletes.
He's busted off his uh, fix.
Maybe he was also an athlete that we're talking about.
567-0560, pound five sixty on a 18 T W Q a and hello.
New.
Speaking.
Uh, speaking.
That's not new.
Yeah, it's been the old.
Okay, new.
Yeah.
That's morning.
Um, how it was talking about um,
the all the derelict athlete.
Yeah.
And um, you were saying, um,
what were they thinking?
Strawberry, beetroot,
they screwed up.
What were they thinking?
And somebody called him and said, um,
uh, how a David said, that's me.
He said, you come down the floor to mess with Neil Rogers.
What were you thinking?
He turned it into crap.
He turned the crap.
He said a crap.
Yeah, he turned the crap before he came here.
Okay, thanks for the good call, Pat.
That's two for two.
Oh, keep him coming, baby.
If we can go all week long, we'll cause that good.
We'll be in uh, hog heaven, you know.
Rules of attraction.
Ye or nay, friend or foe, paper or plastic.
Huh?
Oh, it's going to be a brutal week, you can tell that.
Yeah.
Well, we've been pushing it a little bit, you know.
We've been uh, should be counting our lucky stars.
Responsing at website has been you for it to spectacular.
They're busy waiting to see that picture on yours.
What they want to see, boner boy?
They want to see the morphing mo, as mo, morphing the bozo.
It's a, it's a phenomenal thing.
Mozo.
A mozo.
I like it.
You're in the mo zone.
In fact, if you, if that hair piece keeps flat around,
it's going to eliminate the mo zone layer.
It's going to like, huh?
Yeah.
Speaking of the mo zone layer, did I, I don't think we put it on the website.
The thing about the cows farting.
Did we boner boy?
He's on the phone.
Getting the cows to cool it.
He's on the phone with home, probably with Eric.
Uh, very important collar, I'm sure.
Yeah, of course.
What are the kinds of other?
Oh, you mean one of our callers, but forget about that.
Orlando judge, we had this on over the weekend.
Just a little follow up.
Orlando judge rules.
Mozo, the moment can't be where veil and driver's license photo.
Are you aware of the fact that even in their home countries, they can't, they can't do that.
Right.
And she's a lot of lately.
She's one of these drama queens that decided to be a Muslim and did and do this thing.
Yeah.
But guess what?
Back in Saudi Arabia, or any of those calm, almost any of the Arab countries, the Muslim countries, they can't do that.
You can't take a photo ID with, right?
With a, with a zero mask on or with a veil or any other bull crap, okay?
With a Batman mask and Saudi Arabia, they don't have that problem because the woman can't drive periods.
So, yeah.
Yeah, that's probably the best idea.
Just keep her ass off the roads.
What I said, yeah, I can just say no F in way, okay?
Silly bitch.
That's the issue.
I mean, that's a privilege.
It's not a right.
Yeah, you want to drive.
You want to know.
Vienerborg got a new car.
It's got no AC.
Let's hear it.
At least he's consistent.
Maybe he can afford the AC if clearance ever comes, I'll put it out for him.
Do you want clearance?
Clarence this morning said that the feral thing is imminent, like any minute.
That's what I heard him say.
Did you hear him say that?
A bit of it.
He said it's minimum.
He said it's going to be momentous today that takes place.
And they're going to rub both head with a little bit.
But what's going to happen to Mozone is what I want to know.
Maybe the Mozone will be like 545 or 6, kind of like a 15 minute warm-up show.
1027 at 560 WQM if your carpets look like they've been in the dead zone.
If they look really bad, they smell bad, they're nasty, ready to toss them out
and spend a lot of money for new carpeting.
Forget about it.
Just call my buddies a dry concept.
I've used them in my house for over 20 years, almost a lifetime for some of you.
And boy, the reason I keep using them is because every time they show up on time,
they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job,
they make your carpets look and smell and feel just like brand new,
because they dry clean them, which sucks out even the deep down dirt,
way down in there in the fibers of your carpets.
And like I said, makes them look and smell and feel just like you had brand new laid right on your floor.
And they also do a stupidity job of cleaning your drapes, your expensive area rugs,
or rental rugs, your leather furniture and a poultry too.
If you have problems with pet odors and mildew odors caused by water damage,
no problem because dry concepts will make those disappear just like magic.
So you owe it to yourself to call the professionals at dry concepts,
the smart thing like all the rest of us do call tool free 1-800-2485071.
Your carpets will be dry in a couple of hours, you'll be ready to rock and roll again.
1-800-2485071 or just log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
They're the best in the universe, and don't forget when you call dry concepts,
you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
My, my, and local, this is 420560, you weigh a few, yeah.
We'll soon be behind, I'll be missing a black hole.
Yay.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
It's your head and your body.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass plate.
Just like his movies, his mary's will be bad.
But I don't want to be alone.
You keep them wasn't just be that boy alone.
Now we're close once again and for sure.
I have to say, I've got a lot of people.
That's another good, hot couple for the contest.
Which contest?
No, seriously, and what are the names?
Oh, yeah, I thought you were talking about J-Low and Ben Affleck.
Get out of here. I'm talking about a real couple Ian and what's her name?
What's her name is she have a name? I don't know. Ian and Jennifer
But you're the one that's sending these to me. You know, I got it up right now
And he says is this a good picture is this what you had in mind and even though you can't see his push too well
Who the hell cares, you know, I think that's an excellent picture. Don't you? Yeah, since the more they're Ian
Okay, the new poll is up
Who do you trust the most?
15 votes and just went up there. I trust nobody six myself for I mean, I voted for myself. Why can't you?
You don't trust yourself
That's right. That's right. We've made a lot of these people now understand
Nobody six myself for my spouse three neo-rodgers one my parents won
Moe Howard David had my priest rabbi or minister George W. Bush and my best friends none none for any of those
Nobody trust their best friend. How do you like that? Yeah?
Speaking of the hot couples contest we got one week to go to get your pictures in
Just log on to our website neo-rodgers.com email us a picture of yourselves with their significant other and
The deadlines next Monday morning at 10 a.m
And then we'll put the pictures up on the web for a week and you have people in the audience can vote for their favorite hot couple and the
Following Monday June 23rd the couple at 10 a.m. When a show starts with the most votes wins first prize is
Whichever you want you got a choice for first or second prize three day two nights day for two at the Royal Oasis resort in casino in the Bahamas with round trip here for unlike we're included or
Three day two nights day for two at hedonism two or three in Jamaica all inclusive with transfer is food drink retoolies entertainment no airfare
Winner with the second most votes wins the trip not chosen by the first couple either choose one or two third place is
Well, and then dinner for two of the pizza. Huh?
We don't know yet about that. You're a prize. No, we don't we're still working on it. We're waiting for fat boy
Put down to goddamn Fritos and the whole hose and
Whatever now other kind of hose. He's working on right now. Isn't this treasure Island week? Yeah, it is is this one thing
Well, I'm thinking about hose two weeks in a row as a matter of fact terror wild
Well, this week and next and next week is another feature really to make some of all fry in a wall for
Island
So I'll get that thing ready five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rising wireless line
I think the rules of attraction people are gone. Here's a call from Boka. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
I have seen the snatch or
Talked about it. No, I'm not having not seen snatch the movie. No, they haven't seen it. You gotta see it
That's it. Yeah, and
my action
Take reading people
Okay, this guy says I should see snatch I think I'll pass what am I talking about it? I like to I like that
I like it, but it's a it's a shoot-em-up thing you might not like that. Yeah, I don't see it
Let me tell you right off the bat George is into I mean you said a lot of your choices are very good
But you're into this western kind of crap. I'm not saying that's one of them. I don't know what it's all about
But you're I'm like into these westerns when it doubt keep me out of that like the Brad Pitt one that you had me watching
It was it was okay
But it's a western legends of the fall. I just thought I made that other thing
No, no, no, I say
Just because of where it takes place doesn't make it a western it could be taking place in Hollywood
It does make it a western one western on that list and what was that I haven't watched that yet
Outlaw Josie whales that's really western. No, no, that's not the one. I got it the other way. I'll get it
And then you'll know what I'm talking about it fact just hum off you bars
I say it's one of the ones on my list what outlaw Josie whales. No snatch snatch. I put that down
Not for the list. I
wrote it down the list that you refused to put on there the updated one
The way is a good it's
That's my
Ryan Philippe and Benicio Velforo right in James Conway the gun. Oh, you know who was really great in
Very funny even though it was a very short the cameo in rules of attraction was faith done away
When she spits her drink back into the glass it's it was good
So you were about to apologize for choosing me what being a western buff
You're beginning these westerns. I am I don't know aren't you?
I like you're the other movies that I got the sweet here after you're filmed by Adam the goyum
I don't want to you recommend that it was a listener
Must have been a list there list to nerf. I got it right here the sweet here after and it shows a bunch of
Punx in the sack. Oh, no, it's a couple in the sack with little kid. Well, I don't want to get into that
sexy beast with Ray Winsdow and Ben Kingsley
Somebody recommended that never heard of it
Looks pretty interesting and of course beautiful mine which Bina Boy recommended can't get the title right I endorsed it
In my own private Idaho with the River penis which I got the video tape because it's I've been told for years
I should see that it's one as kind of a fag movie and
It's got River penis in it
Well, I know too. Yes, nothing you're gonna watch it anyway, but snatch is about as far from a western as you can get
Oh, there's guns in it, but England well the way you said that like gun that white and it doesn't got father have like a lot of
That's not worth the thought of stuff matter of fact exactly exactly
Where you should clarify them what you're talking about get it get it straight
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. Hey, don't know. Okay, sir. Yeah true romance
I know it's on the list was like the pulp fiction before pulp fiction isn't that kind of a movie if you like pulp fiction
You like that pulp fiction then you won't like true romance well
I don't know that the guy that had Paul fiction did rules of attraction and it was great. Oh, okay
Okay, hey did you see the Hillary thing last night? No, I did not yeah
She made a mention there that religion got her through the Monica scandal after she was oh jeez
But then she also threw in that and that's a good thing religion to pass along to your children
As if it came out of the blue like you know, she's running for something
You know don't forget those conservatives religions good for your family
How I sat there and I was like you know
What does that have to do with it getting it through you anything? Yeah, yeah, no that she kind of passed it along to us
And she only took one shot at George Bush saying that well, hey, we could you know bill and her she and bill
Created 23 million jobs right and you know Bush obviously and don't forget about her great health care plan too
Oh, that was fantastic. I'm still waiting for mine right thanks. Okay, palie
I missed that the book is out today. They were lined up at the bookstores in Midnight around to the country last night in various places
It on places like where people read books like in New York
Did you go and get yours?
Not my book and the bad news is that boner boy who promised us that on Friday
He was gonna watch Magnolia over the weekend with excuse being the car problems and he's got a rough life
And it was raining near the overpass and all of a sudden the captain watch it yet
My bad now I went on IMDB which stands for what?
I am a douchebag. Now what does that stand for internet movie database?
Okay, and a great website
You can type in any movie that's ever been made and I'll give you like a review of it and what the their
subscribers thought of it and all kinds of crap
And I went on there and I put punched in all kinds of and unfortunately Magnolia is way down list 155
155
But for those people out there who hated our movie shows I've got the top 250 movies
Is voted by our users. Oh, that's not a threat you understand. I just mentioned that in passing
Huh how many times you gonna read that list?
Third man. Yeah, let's see 30 times 250 is what 7500 something like that
That should take us till about 145
Rules of attraction. That's my recommendation as a matter of fact boner boy made another bad mistake
You know what you left off all of our recommended lists?
flingery glen Ross
It should be on mine. It's not on anybody. I just mentioned that in passing put that on there on everybody's or at least
I liked it in George liked it and also rules of attraction for my list of our recommended flicks
In fact if if I were you I'd go out and get that today. I'm just telling you I don't want to start pushing just spend a lot of money on movies
But I always try George. Yeah, it's been floating around the cable. I'll catch it. Well when it floats by next time grab it
1042 is 560 WQM
This copy for fast train is so bad. I think Todd wreck has reached the new low. I realize that that's saying a lot
I mean what is that? What is this a bald crap and maybe he's talking about his own problems
You know like sexual performance problems don't you think that's taught?
Probably anyway forget about that crap if you're in a dead end job to make a long story short
You want to call our friends at fast train because they can have your fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career
In just four count them four short months call fast train today tool free at 1 866 fast train and don't forget
They have locations all over town so no matter where you live
You're not kind of a schlep a long way to get that training
They're in Miami Kindle for Lauderdale Pembroke Pines
So pick up that instrument right now and call fast train tool free 1 866 fast train and don't forget
They offered job placement assistance financial aid convenient evening weekend classes too
So if you're working for a real putts if you're making like minimum wage
There's no excuse to stay in a situation like that no more because your brand new career is just a phone call and four
Short months away jump on that fast train right now called tool free 1 866 fast train and or check them out of the web if you like it fast train
Back down
Back down
Back down
The world is ours that's little boy gets anything you want the statue's down so don't it's gone
And now every corner has a shepherd wrong back down most of them are dead back down
Shot the borders in the head back down make that oil flow
We get that price and gas down low
We're giving them a taste of democracy with the crack term
And I believe
Back down the corporate war is one back down we only just begun back down the world is ours
You know I'll have a bag of deep pride can he chose to go just like the magis and one more two there was a whole lot of art for the brass of the
Boos back down grab everything again back down they won't be doing that again back down
Hey, we want to war anybody know what the Rattlers for
What the hell was that oh my god I think we're gone
Well seriously what the hell just happened there that must have been a bokeh Brian thing you know
That thing just died in the stream holy crap
It's a good thing I was paying like marginal attention here you know what quick recovery
Jesus K Christ man it's a he's got go it all on the
That's an old man now the line don't drop off that would be a problem on this
And there are no problems on this and I mean a plus doesn't have to be on that I'd for it to drop out
Oh
Anyway, I'm looking at this list and I don't want to do the movie thing again because the audience is going to film at the
month that they got no material
But like I told you before the show the top 250 movies how about the top 25,000 you know
I mean what what separates and I do understand that they do this based on a number system based on the
They're subscribers readers or whatever you call viewers
But I mean what separates number 66 from number 67 what separates number 158 from number 159 if I'm
Saying that's like saying what are the 600 best orgasms you ever had in your life stop and think about it you know
Okay, I'll be right back. Okay. What are they what are they 400 best meals you ever had in your life
I mean I can understand what are the top 10 the top 20 once you get beyond that it's
It's pointless isn't it right? Well, maybe people want you know to go see they've already seen the top 20 they want to know what to go see next yeah
I don't know how many of the
It's a sexuality and especially when I look at the list and I see exorcist is 168
Brazil, which you tell me whatever you do don't go and get it is 161 the exorcist 168
Abel con Ella a
Yeah, 138 but the exorcist 168
I've never heard of that
War who can long 56
Because all these foreign films and here all these films that I couldn't even pronounce the names of
San Tucci hero no kakushu shikushi for number 46 you can't say kuchi on the
San Tucci hero no kamikakushi and I got to write that time it's number five that's the 46 best movie
ever made you see it what kuchi yeah
Yeah, but not that movie teen and then now that guy's going to call back and ask if I saw snatch again
Number 19 fablo distinta amelie poulon le poulon
Poulon what's up to the about chicken?
It's number nine that's the 19th best movie of all time with 32,000 votes on this
I whatever this database thing is what does it stand for again?
I'm a dishback I'm a do spag database so I don't know I mean you can argue about it forever which is a you know kind of fun
Poul show carry and Dean leading in new Hampshire well I'll tell you Bobby Graham has got a
Chinaman's chance in hell you know I'm surprised partly
Because in Iowa pool if they took that we had on Friday he had one percent least he's consistent
Of course you know in New Hampshire is in New England so naturally the New England people are going to do well
John carry 25% Howard Dean 22% is a poll released yesterday
Polo 600 likely voters taking June 4th through 7th about a third of those surveys said they're not familiar with Dean while one intent said that about
Carry so Howard Dean's got some work to do but he's got plenty of time and more people need to find out who he is senator
Julie Berman of Connecticut which is also right next door with only 10% dick and heart of Missouri 7%
Wait till you're these other numbers senator John Edwards of North Carolina who's is boring is a condensed milk and representative Dennis
Consonant of Ohio where 2% senator Bob Graham senator Carol Mosley Braun former of Illinois and Al Sharpton New York all at 1%
1% for Bobby Graham in Iowa and in New Hampshire of course he's not known well there I guess but 1% ain't going to cut it
I don't think he's going to get there so let's let's brood for Howard Dean what are you saying
I'm rooting for him I'm rooting 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line who do you trust the most that's our poll question today
We got 124 votes myself 32 and of course if you're a drug addict I guess you don't trust yourself right I guess I guess I think I'm the only non drug
Well that's not right because I'm a sugar addict do you think that there's anybody anywhere who's not addicted to something
No good question we did that a few weeks ago about what's your thing and then we found out that we got a whole bunch of heroin addicts in the audience remember that
Which explains most of our calls but that that was shocking to me weren't you a little bit taken a back if it's to be believed
Hmm kind of like set me a back a years because I am the surrogol farm of sugar every fine sugar I mean I am addicted so bad you have no idea
We have some idea
All right do you yeah how many pounds worth 32% trust themselves the most I trust nobody 27 my parents 23 my spouse 21
Neal Roger 16 we got 16 people really looking at big time my best friend or friends for Mo Howard David at one I didn't know Mo had a computer in his car
He must be doing it on his laptop and the vote to George W Bush none and my priest rabbi or minister zero oh that said in it nobody trust the men of the cloth anymore not this ground
That's a good picture we got there for our website now these pictures won't go up until next week so I have to wait all week but how we do it how we doing on the other one on the mozo picture
Working on it you still working on it be sure and let us know the moment that that's available to the I'm leaving that up to help with a poll okay I got a look at that I would make a nice wallpaper for your computer
It morphs in full color cow that's a that's like even better than God and what you call Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Here's a call from for the order deal hello
Hello sir good morning you got me on the craft list with my girlfriend I wait and got packed all you yeah we walked that movie and I told you man I'm an hot I was confused and she was totally confused I don't know what's that what were you confused about
So you said it was like the best thing you've ever seen it was to me to me that's my favorite movie of all time I grabbed stand by that which part which part I mean like how just the thought of it or thinking back I don't know what part I was supposed to fall in love with I mean I you know that's the thing my girlfriend just looked at me like I was out of my mind you know so I mean out of your mind because you made her watches yeah
yeah I mean she stayed up the whole time though so it must have been interesting to her but yeah it was a very confusing movie I guess what I just don't know what I was looking for I guess what caught your attention so much
What caught my attention yeah I mean all of it every part of it each one of the nine characters in it the whole lot of different story lines that all had like a similar similarities to it
okay so the moral of the story was the moral the moral of the story is crap happens that's the moral of the story strange crap happens it they tended that right in the beginning and then the narrator comes on again just before the end and tells you the same crap again that's what I tried to explain there I thought it was it was okay but confusing as to what I was actually looking for until it was over about crap happens but I yeah the whole time I was thinking all of these people are going to die together and you know as a coincidence
they were going to all just be at the same place and die together or something is what I thought was going to happen in that movie and that's not what happens so I just want to let you know that I I just watched the whole thing and it was it was okay but it was better today now that I was thinking about it yeah well you know I think if you watch it a second time you'll appreciate it better probably next time I have fifth next time you have 15 or 20 spur hours watching okay yeah yeah
five five five how about funny side disappointed in the bell button on Saturday I guess we all know that was going to happen I didn't want to admit it what saw that on the news did you see I thought maybe you watched the race see nobody wants to admit that he went too fast the first quarter plus that blazing workout 57 and 4 that I had something to do with me he went too fast it's in a sloppy goes 23 and 4 in a mile and a half race and let me just tell you right now even always slow the pace down any horse I don't care how good they are 99% of the time they go too fast the first quarter
especially in a race into my life they're going to put their guts out and that's what happened to him you have to like the mud in this and a very depressing all of
the York was all whipped up into a frenzy poor Jerry Bailey he wins with Empire maker and that comes back to the winter circle and they're all booing him you know well they wanted the local horse to win it all
all of the world all of America anyway we need a hero you know do we need a hero sandwich as a matter of fact I think the hero is going to become into a computer near you very soon
we're sports when you fly to you a m the asshole you asshole the following is an actual recording of a
conversation between a porn star subscriber and a porn star advisor you've reached porn star emergency
services this is Kenja I need help I've just been in an accident oh were you weird and yes yes it was it
was good always hurts the first few times but then you get you to it when you turn on porn star an
advisor is always there to turn you on my neck hurts I think I have with us I love with but I charge more
for bondage huh my cards don't I'll never get these pizzas delivered hey are you that pizza delivery guy yeah I
know you it's a little bit I wanted five sixty w we got the mad dog at two
Hank is back in town he's a chula's four to seven the big seven to ten and he came back at the 10 o'clock
tonight and Joanne Mark overnight and it says on my schedule clearance Joanne Mark one to five so they must be doing a
crossover hour in there to get their hour back okay that I do know isn't that what it says in your schedule
hmm Joanne Mark one to five parents you know I he's under a lot of stress a lot of pressure can't get laid he
was hitting on boner boy this morning when he was in the studio look at that phone is that is that
embarrassing or what is that typical or what of what Monday no it is not to be landed by the second
hour since we've been back on 10 to two man you can see it on our website you can just you can smell
it we have been just having a well you know for a week let's not push it right phenomenal response
unbelievable but now it's like well you know what are you going to do for us today they have nothing
how about the ducks and the devils out game seven tonight any interest all of a sudden in games five and
six both teams are stuck and sticking goals in there like it's going out of style I think the ducks
are going to win tonight two to one and over time I think the ducks will win because Jersey's going to
play the only way Jersey can win I think is to go into their suffocating coma style you know that
they're so famous for and I think it's going to wind up overtime to the one Robbie Neeter Meyer gets
a winning goal of ran a highman overtime five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18
and T and Verizon wireless line this town is dead as a door nail I can smell it all the way up here
sunny and 70 here today I should point out I just mentioned that in passing who do you trust the
most we asked on our poll 197 votes myself 54 I trust nobody 38 my spouse 34 my parents one or
both 32 the O Rogers 22 my best friend or friends seven Mohawar David has got six George W. Bush
four and my priest read by our minister have got none they don't trust him as far as they could throw
them nobody saw rules of attraction I don't want to get too movie intensive again but is that a shame
yeah see I'm thinking of myself during this last break like I've got to just call about
Magnolia if I tell you it's a good movie don't go see it don't rent it don't buy it because my taste
is just not like the average pedestrian taste out there just like you hated Magnolia I thought
it was the best movie ever saw you didn't like it it was okay it was good so you're like you're like
this other guy you sit down and you you start watching and and you've already got a preconceived
notion of what it is that you want no not like that other guy see I put the disc in the DVD player
I hit play yeah I sit there and whatever unfolds in front of me I take it in and I try to
appreciate it for whatever it is if it sucks us and this really sucks it's not for me you know right
and if it's weak if it's not as good as it's supposed to be like Magnolia then I say that too now
like rules of attraction I didn't know what to expect because this geek James Vanderbueck I don't
like him in the first place I just there is something about him that bugs me but it turned out to be
a really cute and a really funny and a really interesting and a really bizarre movie was strange but it
was fun and I loved it I have no complaints about it now you'll go out and you'll get it maybe
or you'll watch it on cable and you'll say well it was it was a lot of fun but that ending was
just unacceptable to me because like what happens now I don't know maybe there'll be a sequel who
to hell knows what I saw if it was good so I wanted to see more but something came up I had to
take off and I haven't caught it again well I'm telling you right now mark mark it down
being a boy that when he sees it he'll say he liked it a lot but but what the hell about that crappy
ending I might I need a good ending let me ask you this how many movies have an acceptable ending
a lot of you stop to think about all the ones on my list they do example yeah
I don't I don't recommend it to be in like how about when you're a Glen Ross which I love
riveting ending what are you talking about what a textbook example of how a movie should end
where you just need a towel afterwards where he walks in the office and he doesn't say who I didn't
say who he hasn't seen it yet but just that whole that whole last scene I needed like a glass of
water a towel and a cold compress unacceptable here's Tamarack hello Tamarack
okay nice talking to Tamarack probably expired 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 8D at D line
here's Miami hello oh god here's what they uh talk over the phone here's Miami hello
hey god I love you Tony how you doing okay listen I want to say thanks to Peter boy he's
doing a great job on the on your web page you're sure I was browsing through it and I saw
there was a program on C-SPAN with Al Franken and um and a writing right and it was just
incredible because Al Franken put him on the spot with a couple of lies that are writing I
said about winning a couple of B-bodies on was it in said edition that he was on before
but I don't know the show that he was before and he put him on the spot and he was so funny to see
already so uncomfortable and he wanted that he looked to me like he wanted to jump and
and kick this guy's hands running for everybody that was great and uh also I love momentum it's
a great great movie and I and that's it that's all I got my friend okay amigo see
all right he said you're doing a great job boner boy thanks for putting up those stories that I
keep feeding you I mean what nothing fine at least that is when you get home from your car
problems he had a little problem Saturday so the stories didn't get under what about 2 30 in
a morning just about something like that but then we made up for yesterday because uh we also
had a link to all the stuff you missed on Saturday just to keep you off the streets and we had a
really sensational response which we're not going to get today because it never had it never
continues in software that's one thing I've learned is that just like the thing in those movie shows
they get real whipped up for a day or two maybe even a few days and then it's like pulling the
air out of a guy then balloon here's Miami hello Miami hello yes sir hey oh I just want to tell
you something about that smash movie yeah it was so funny we were 30 minutes into it it's all
like this pot me slang there are a bunch of uh jipsies and we couldn't understand the word of it
we had to go back and put on subtitles and became a joke to see what they said we would always make
like a bet on what they we thought they said and then we're back to see what they actually said
like putting the uh like the closed captions for the hearing impaired it was hilarious I'll be
damn well I'm glad you enjoyed it thanks I'm not going to watch it uh speaking of Jennifer
Conley remember that old koot that was saying that was sucking up to George about all what I
once seen where she standing naked in front of the mirror and you see that he was packed up I thought
it was taking a shot look what that old koot no he was not he was trying to say well my good
heterosexual friend George he would have really loved that as opposed to you mr. Fag you would
like you know what he would have been saying that was the best scene that I ever know no no that
was now what he was saying he was just desperate but but I watched that again with a little more
interest last night when I watched the movie again and she if you you don't want to see it because
if you look at her from the naval down and and that's she she did lost a lot of weight by that time
ooh yeah man she looks nasty in fact from the you want to like just chop her off from the
a naval take the rest of her from naval up her and Jared they made them both get really
macyated and erection they were going to carry carpet or die for weeks before they made that
movie because the one scene where he takes the shirt off and he goes to get her glass of water when
she's like losing it right and he he he was about 80 pounds soaking wet there no she wasn't
supposed to be like attractive in that scene and in that movie even asked to ask well here's
Miami hello hello yes sir hey how you doing this meal okay is this meal it's serious I got
a number of during the French Open Serena was being booed by the French etc I was thinking
how about next time a French player comes over here we both fix with the yoder in on the court
y'all think that's funny no okay thank you okay good bye five six seven oh five thirty why see
I don't understand why is everything an america racial thing see this I mean this was a dark
conflicted guy obviously and he's all worried about serena first of all in this show we don't
care about serena about Venus about penis we don't care about tennis on the show and we have a
really good article on the website one of them over the weekend about the a French and about
that whole silly childish thing which the rest of the world and the French people themselves look
at as being very embarrassingly juvenile which it was so you enjoy your freedom toast pal and maybe
your girlfriend to give you a freedom kiss if you're real lucky but I doubt it don't you think
that was cute George what I got a headache already from these thoughts so far good god that's
what this guy is worried about that the French boode Venus Williams who gives a flying crap huh
Jesus Christ and Joseph all Richard Chamberlain's out of the closet what a shock that was that's
about the term I whole week upside down you know chambermaid is yeah really here's for Lauderdale
hello okay how you doing yeah okay all right great movie uh um record for a dream you know I
seen it this weekend and it was phenomenal are you there I'm here I'm listening I'm so
coming in yeah I don't watch the censored movie so I have no idea what they took out
all right the rest of the movie so hard to come by I'm looking for them all over town I can't
find them you know so that's what I just want to thank you for that recommendation I love the movie
oh thank god we got one happy camper thank you sir there's one guy that went out he either
bought it or he rented it or he stole it or something and he liked it there's one there's one like
I said if I tell you I liked it just say ah well you know you know him he don't even eat them
donals don't even like vanilla bean speck ice cream five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T I think my summer schedule starts as we don't it what it does I'm pretty sure
I better double check that calendar I have a feeling and I could be wrong I just have the feeling
and the pit of my stomach it's going to be a long week but I got a whole crap load a good bedtime
stir is here good some pretty important stuff now this important is the French boon serrino Williams
so next time some frog comes over here let's throw a bunch of crap oh my god well you get
here and how come nobody's talking about the dolphins finally saw in Brangressi on our sports shows
I don't understand it I turn on mode this morning he's belly-ick and about marlins this in the
attendance I see they gave away a bunch of crap like bubblehead dolls and crap and so they had a
big crowd they had twenty three thousand in one game and they had like I don't know they have
a couple of crowds because they gave some crap away and I don't understand that I don't get it
if you're not interested in something and they're giving something away that's a minimal value
really when you come right down to it what's why would that give you see what I'm saying what are
they giving away they were given away some kind of bubblehead dollar one of the games then there
were some other piece of crap they gave away why would you go to that if you have no interest
anyway it would be like you going right yeah George is going to the Marlin game tomorrow because
they're giving away you know naked pictures of the manager of the 72 year old manager I don't
sound pretty it's for free just like this show it's for free 11 13 at 5 60 WQM Delights at West
Bokers got some great stuff for it's not for free but you're going to save a lot of cash there
on your dietary needs both Delights at West Bokers your super store for the Atkins died already
low-carb sugar free diet and right now they're introducing their new almonds snack cakes by
control carb they come in blueberry banana or classic almond each one has only one effective
gram of carbs per serving or when you're there be sure and check out Delights a new chocolate
raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs per serving and if you like to crunch try one of
the three new flavors of low-carb raccachives all kinds of good stuff for you to stock up on for
your Atkins or low-carb diet carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecake chocolate's post-and-sauce
or any of the other 600 low-carb foods this is the place you'll find all the stuff you're looking
for to keep you on the straight and narrow path Delights at West Bokers always lets you sample
before you buy it too their staff knows dieting inside and out they're open seven days a week 10 to 10
and carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the universe that are always 25%
off all day every day of your life head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in
university Delights at West Bokers you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441
right next to Boston Market or column tool for E1 877 low-carb or check them out of the web at
lowcarb.com don't forget there's only one Delights at West Bokers your official Atkins retail center
at West Bokers you'll find them on the local
this is sports 20 or 5-6 you way out
and now a special public service announcement from the spice girls
you
hello we're the spice girls and our public service tells us that high school girls are giving
birth during their palms and an alarming rate well we're against this yeah remember if you're
pregnant skip the prong or at least leave early to go to the hospital the proceeding message was
furnished by mothers against giving birth at prongs 1119 at 560 wqa and 567 0560 pound 560 on the 18
and teen Verizon world of slime is that the thing up yet or not now I guess not not it is it is up
but uh it's way way way too big so I'm gonna have to modify it and uh get it down to a
yeah and how long is that gonna take I hopefully that's too long it'll be up today
that's right the reasons that we're not getting a lot of response on the phone is that people
are sitting right in their seat there for their monitors they're too well huh they can see it
right now where can they see it it's well refresh refresh your page you'll see I'm just going
to it just relax no now dammit oh wait a minute there it is oh no what makes you say it's too big
oh no not the size wise it's gonna take a long time for it to download to people's sites
I mean to people's uh computers why is that it's like a megabyte big I understand it but how can
I got it right away you might have it might have been there already and you didn't even notice when
oh this is this is great oh oh forget about everything else okay in fact let's forget the show let's
just play uh that all day and it's mozo our new cartoon character wqa mozo the mozo man
he may have launched his mojo but he sure as hell got his mozo that that that is it's too big
you're wrong the fact that it's so big that's one of the most beautiful pieces of art in the history
of the internet if I do say so myself hey clearance you better start taking care of
the owner boy there okay he's doing one hell of a job on his website because prior to him arrive at
on the scene this website was a piece of crap you're not helping him you're saying that you know huh
you're not helping him in this building by saying that what do you mean by that they hate our website
in this building they hate the fact that we have it the more hits we have the more pissed off it makes
that what are you talking about we get more hits in one hour than they get in a lot that we got them Q
and website well you know something other our website is there or not is not relevant it does make
any difference because who now wants to go to their stupid ass website hey you're making the point
yeah they hate that if it wasn't that they don't have to make it my problem that's their god damn
problem because they're jealous what because they're watching jealous i cut it a little overgrown
children and sports nerds that's their problem it would bring more people to sports if not for
your wife now you're starting like great piri right yeah if we only had 40 stations doing all
sports all day just imagine all the sports nerds there would be Carlos is hurting them by helping
that website good nice going Venerboy there it is it's right under the for all picture here it is the
new it works for me mozo's a little slow though oh and my right is that not the greatest thing we've
ever had in the history of our lives well some of those hot couple pictures now I'm well yeah maybe
earring in the evening yeah okay we got one call on the board there it's gonna be pretty lame if I
had to go to all bedtime stories the rest of the day which I got a pile here I got some good stuff
but I don't want to do that do it now your sabotage in the show again god damn it I'm just kidding but
let's face it the first thing I see is some sophomore and college were in a pharmaceutical t-shirt
as he's sitting grand slams there you go see there you're going no matter where you turn it's a
drugs everybody's on drugs that's the problem maybe today the drugs came in maybe that's why we're
not getting no calls how did you know because you were told me before the show oh by the way Georgia
it got some great deals for you five six seven oh five sixty this is my last attempt to elicit a
response from this dead ass crowd today and then I'm diving right into my bed times stories and once
I'm not even going to stop for the commercial breaks I'm just going to go right on through I'm just
going to pile drive my way through five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line either it's either either that or I'll read the top two hundred and
fifty movies of all time three times here's a call from Tamarack hello
me of the morning yes sir I got a vehement disagree with the horde there uh Brazil movie about what
Brazil yeah it's a great movie I loved it yeah you know like it he's telling you not to watch it
and I will uh I didn't tell him not to watch it yeah I did you didn't don't get it you said you
won't like it it's a great watch it go ahead stop some money I already I got to stack a
movies up to the ceiling here already which I don't have let me uh clarify who I am I'm the first
one to recommend drugstore cowboy to you that was excellent yeah it was okay well I mean I'll
put it on my list I'm look I'm not going to pay that much attention to him he also told me don't
figure what else he told me not to watch somebody told me don't watch rules of attraction I
thought it was excellent I said that was a good movie I recommended I was the first one to
recommend drugstore cowboy to you and I recommended barfly I don't know if you saw that or not I haven't
haven't got barfly yet well with with with the recommendation that I scored on I'm giving you the
other two okay I'll put it on my list because you wouldn't be the first time George was full of crap
okay all right well I was I was right on on the other one for you I know you enjoyed it
drugstore cowboy correct absolutely was excellent all right well I'm I'm one for one there so
go to do Brazil and uh definitely do barfly okay thanks all right got him on my list he's a
little militant about that he hates you he said at one more time that he recommended I understand that's
why let's say thank you and that's it okay he's very emphatic he wants me to see him and you're
just trying to cut him off because you don't like that I didn't cut him off I'm nowhere near the
button and I like to barfly for what now what is this from John it is bold face lie or bald face lie
this is the guy that always wants me to uh put his PSA's on the air this guy I think isn't this
the guy I don't know in typing bold face refers to making a strong point bald face doesn't
make any sense also what does that mean what does this man talking about I think the drugs did come
in you know what I missed out damn it also two movies of interest the man who wasn't there with
Billy Bob Thornton and ghost world would Steve Wushimi enjoy not bad ghost world yeah it's I
mean there's nothing big about it but it's a decent movie it's not big yeah nothing like the other
ones that we've talked about but it's okay I don't have time for like you know I mean how many can
you watch how many of you are gonna go out and buy I mean as well just go buy up the whole guy they
make him be stored what's the point start a little side business and a lot of them that I'm looking
for they're out of stock like train spotting I haven't seen that I can't find it they're out of it
and then some of the other ones people are calling and I go in there and I go to what sams and I
looking there's a look like no such thing they never had it in addition to which there are a lot of
movies that people are all whipped up to a frenzy about that aren't on DVD yet got it right just
because you saw a movie on cable or somewhere maybe in the theater or maybe on a video tape doesn't
mean that it's on DVD yet they're not all on DVD yet Virginia hit the break news to you but they're
so damn many of them out there jeez you could go broke doing this like as a hobby you could be
bankrupt in old time at all and forgot it is getting paid as little as I am by the way today
tomorrow's payday owner boy and I don't understand why you let them make a joke out of that see
when they ticker out with my pay I don't put up with that crap what do you want me to walk out yeah
I want you to threaten to walk out you go to clearance right now see if you don't have that check
here tomorrow 9 30 tomorrow morning I'm gonna just walk walks right out the door the clear
strike that you're gonna walk right off the door I'm gonna take mozo right off the website start
a spick it line right start a spick line right off the door our clearance is door there I think
that is the nastiest goddamn thing when you deal with people that are making like a book in a half
an hour and to be dicking with people's pay clearance I mean just just now guarantee if they were
dicking with his pay he'd be opening up a mouth he'd be whining and making all kinds of
guttable sounds and biting two and on his elbow or somebody's 27 past 11 at 560 WQA let me tell you
about the number one Asian buffet in the world the Emerald Coast they're in sunrise North Miami Beach
and their newest locations in Pemberg Pines if this coffee were any smaller I'd have to get them on
Palomar telescope to read it who's the count is this now skipping oh skipping yeah who was it
that same with skip it was it this screw in that he was an imbecile far from me to agree with
anyway start your mouthwatering experience at Emerald Coast with six different soup then sample
dozens of delicious on phrase New York strip made a order with the gourmet center with sizzling
Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampy style jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their new
seafood sands jocks you say with the S&A or not sands jock okay the fed isn't enough that
there's more tried their dungeon is crab and ginger and scallions and then handcar prime rib
cooked to your order and their new oriental chicken salad too and don't forget you'll never
get ahead I get the Emerald Coast because there's no MSG there's no cornstarch no craft they cook
all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils and the buffet at the Emerald Coast features
a full salad bar sushi bar fresh shrimp cocktail too and a gigantic dessert station featuring pies
and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit you'll usually even
find watermelon on the menu at the Emerald Coast three locations for you sunrise pine island of 44th
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and intercession to Flamingo and Pembroke
Roads in Pembroke Pines take the family or book your next business luncheon right now all-size
parties be welcome let them do the cooking for you at the Emerald Coast it is outstanding take out
delivery always available to call 954 5723822 9545723822 for the amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
yo let's wait for the big shot
yeah yeah we pass the time away in the geo jaleo
oz I'm getting pounded hey Koishi my insurance from work is okay but I don't think he is
coverage pick up with other coverage reward
who talking I am I say to man you insurance no go for enough if only there was another way
so sorry I know here you because stupid duck keep ringing dong and interrupt insurance
compensation wait this commercial is a stupid or a most stupid is a commercial with Yogi
Vera it's 1133 at 560 WQM so you interrupted me when I was about to go into a big song in the dance
about our website and what a brilliant job being her boys doing compared to how boring and
terminally used to be okay I really believe because I looked at a lot of websites believe you
me mr I check out a zillion websites why is this I would say one of the top 10 okay in the universe
so you're giving me this big song of dance about wow they don't see when you talk about they
you're not talking about anybody that I care about I understand the people inside the building we
like the people like for real and mad dog and Hank and Joe and Mark and who else do we like
Vlad Antony Vlad Antony they don't dislike our website they love it yeah even Muff I guarantee
loves our website but your point was that Clarence should come across with some money because he's
doing such a great job for us they hate that here see we didn't need to say the same thing that I
just got through dispelling when you say they right you're only talking about the sports
mafia when he's Clarence that are responsible for his paper and Greg right and those little
minority people oh no be not going to people are sitting at computer oh no who is that one
kids name Josh is that another Josh all the computer people are out of here when you're by the
are oh they're back he's Josh that guy Josh is still roaming around that guy Josh the one that
I ran to in the elevator who loves me and by the way he wouldn't be pissed off because he likes me
he likes to show that that's Josh Cordis so I better not talk about him to him that was Josh
Cordis yeah he's a good guy who goes out on some of these appearances I might just go out and see him
going Josh he's a good guy he is a good guy believe me what I tell you he's one of my kind of
people I mean I don't mean like that maybe he is who knows no but anyway see so you're you're
again being mr. negative I think the audience has got a point about you I'm trying to
the point a point here especially on the day that we've got maybe the greatest picture in the
history of the internet you're missing the point I bet you that Al Gore who invented the internet
would even probably set a telegram and say being her boy great job I bet he would do that if he
knew about it that's how damn good that is that Mozo the clown thing that it's phenomenal you got
Mo without the teeth of what out the hairpiece who morphs into Mozo the clown it's a phenomenal thing
I bet you even Mo is taking a peek at it no certainly I bet you there's a part of him somewhere
in that warped skull of his that is actually chartling a little bit not like laugh it out loud
but like like that you know just like that no yeah there is a part of him for you are a hard
ass man no wonder in the summertime the audience wants to kill himself I hope this summer you're
just lighting up a little bit okay not anymore these world war three the world is ending kind of
shows a lot more eating ass this year five six seven there won't be any less a lot more eating
ass than last summer I'll tell you that 346 votes and I pull already look at that who do you trust
the most we the hero that that's the way that people are a trust in less and less than they used
to they don't trust anybody can't imagine why can you myself 94 there you go that's a good
choice if you can't trust yourself who the hell can you trust your drug dealer you never know
what he puts in that crap huh what would you find out in that righteous crap of his you know that
I don't want to even go into it you know that whole this whole thing about black lingo and about
I see this is part of the death wish that American society's got for black people it just bugs me
you know and it's kind of like a self-fulfilling prophecy you know what I'd be saying no what I'm
talking about just chill myself 94 my spouse 72 people say they trust their spouse the most oh
if they infer a surprise huh I trust nobody 68 my parents 51 Neil Rogers 31 my best friend or
friends 12 George W Bush 9 Mohawar David 8 and one for priest rabbi or minister one trust their
clergy person whoever that might be I think that's good that's a good sign that's a good sign
they're onto them here's for Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir oh hey I let's talk about that gay
pride thing I I was there last year my wife and daughter kind of set me up and they they give me a red
shirt I didn't know what was going on they were all thinking about me it's pretty funny maybe they
knew something you didn't think they knew I don't know what was going on but the next thing I know
you know I met the I'm down main street and the big parade's coming down and there's George running
down the street and it was all serious 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T seriously when I talk
about people with a drug problem that's our audience man remember we did that 12 weeks ago
sure how many of you are addicted what 98% of those people said that they have a serious drug
problem and they want some names and phone numbers immediately that's their problem they don't
know where to get it here's plantation hello do you say plantation yes sir oh I'm sorry hey what's up
Neil I was talking about the videocapes that you have what is it that was it no there was a
he had a call waiting there and just got cut off I think you're important I think I was
hanging up that was funny don't you know I see 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T I we don't
even get to that point because as soon as they make the first sound you're like oh I mean every
calm down George is like so psychotic what it was a crank yeah and but why can't we get to the
point where we find that out I got to that point he like what he said hello that's right oh see
because I don't hear it as clearly as you do right about what I'm saying oh I know being about
40 thousand miles away like I'm gonna say I'm out of touch with it here's my knee B chillo
I took ends I'm waiting for my death time oh god see I wear a pompano hello pompano
going once here's my any hello Jesus Christ that's four cars I don't know how I'm very
well give me your best shot pal all right I'll give you a give me a try what I have to say is
not that interesting just don't cut me off yet 5 6 7 0 5 60 probably here ready told us it was
going to be terminal even though there's only one other call on the board I'm not going to listen
to that pound time we had every line was lit up there and I go through let's let's keep doing that
about 20 or 30 times okay and it'll take us right up till two o'clock every single line was up
there out of that bunch how many calls did we get any no now I mean like a real call
as the audience once again proves that unless we're building a list for a pool they have nothing
to say about anything the Hillary book is out today right right maybe they read it up set in the
in the bill amount on Saturday we got games seven to stand the cup finals tonight the ducks and
the devils for crying out loud which if they were going to talk about hockey now would be the time
that we had finally came five and six with a lot of goals and some excitement from
for a change even the woman the girl softball ratings and NBC beat out hockey over the weekend
girl softball had more people watching than the NHL stand the cup playoffs what does that tell you
talking about beating a dead horse why why there's a hockey team in some form or baseball team I
have no idea but you know what most is oh you don't want to be in a community that loses baseball
seem more of course being a Johnny come lately as no idea that somehow we survive without the
marlins for a very very long time and we didn't have all of these stories about well you know Michael
Lowell is just spanic and therefore we can't afford to lose him and when Alex Fernandez pitches
is going to be next to 30,000 people in the ballpark all these other fairy tales we've heard it
until it's coming out of our ads okay it's it's old bull crap okay mo it's like you it's old
bull crap but I love your picture see I know I want to be in a better mood during the break so I'm
back to the homepage you get that picture on there if I can't how come you know started gallery
no it's very slow again just like it was the other day you want to know why because everybody's
looking at that thing everybody's in the mo zone slow loading in fact you know how they have the
family zone at the ballpark with the low price seats yeah how about the mo zone we're outside
the ballpark and now what at damn well we already got rid of Denny the Dolphin how about a new
mascot huh there's a lot right I say let's bring Max Zinfra to the play by play and we'll make more
the mascot yeah sounds good to me I can can't you just see that now him him flitting up and down
the aisles all through the stadium during the ball game I'm looking at the mix that we have hanging
over the leaves shoulder over here and think it because you know he's got to have a get up now were
you there today that I actually put that on my hand and and and I think he liked it he was thinking
about borrowing it where'd you get that one can I can I have that for a week or two 1142 at 560
WQ and if you're fat and believe me most of you are okay I don't even have to see a most
of you are fat you've tried the Atkins you've tried the Estilman you've tried the grapefruit diet
you tried the this Sarah Gold carb diet you've tried them all balance for life is something you
ought to try because this just might be the piece of cake for you without the cake no cooking no
shopping no cleaning no figuring anything no calorie counting no carb counting no worries just great
results the weight pours off your body and you'll be satisfied because this unlike the other
programs keeps you full plenty of food in that little black sack that they deliver to your door
every day by six and a.m. plenty of food to keep you happy all day long three delicious gourmet meals
two delicious snacks are in your black sack and you get to choose between two choices for each
meal every day it's run the program so unlike some of these programs where they give you like the
little tiny containers of artificial ingredients and chemicals in the tiny box for a perikid forget
about that everything is fresh delicious using the best ingredients and it's good for you too so
forget about all that fat forget about them being out of shape and lethargic and diabetic and
those tense size clothing that you wear let balance for life help you once and for all column
today and find out what this is all about this might be the answer you've been looking for for
years call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 we're getting more information about it on
their website balance for life dot com.
my
and look all this is for 205 60
hell it then they're killing them are coming up on the next bland date
hi i'm Roger Lodge let's take a sneak peek at Eugene and Edna's uneventful unexciting bland date
Edna if you allow me i'd like to order for both of us
okay uh wait i will have few slices of white bread in a couple glasses of water please
no ice mine please i could tell you like a party wow things are about to heat up when our
encipit couple hops in the cab on their way to give each other massages at the sexy spot
well i must say i'm glad i brought my bunion when i met for our massage i can't wait oh look
manage your golf let's go there instead oh you're pressing all my buttons tonight sister
driver follow that windmill
uh uh uh uh now the moment of truth will Edna and Eugene say good night or will they get that
party started hey would you like to come inside for a drinky poo and a little fun and game
i don't know i've got hot oval penis travel wow it takes me big boy
haha bomb we're back that's tonight on an all new bland date rules of attraction sex drugs and
rock and roll seat a bonerboy comes up with a movie called kids it's got like a bunch of eight
year old kids are doing stuff and i can't believe you're throwing that at my feet what do you mean
right there he's throwing it at your face i'm throwing it at your front throwing it right at your
rectal you're like that he just caught it i told you do not watch that movie i'm the one that
stopped you're the one that saved you from having to watch that crap yeah what the hell are you
talking about you're the one that recommended that i should go out and get that in gummo
and bully did George recommend kids not me never saw it i know no one's recommended bullies
yeah right which he admits to that and that sucked it was awful but you're the one who said oh
if you like that you'll love kids in gummo here they're sitting on a shelf and you're i'll be
more than glad to stick them up you know it's too charged they'll thanks let's see what Clare says
don't say he said he's got your check in his rectum and the only way you're going to get it
is with your teeth he said he was checking his ass sex drugs he did say that he said he was checking
his ass to see who's elbow that was in there anyway this uh rules of attraction now that you're
really good looking guy in here who's in the beginning and then we don't see him again
till the very end i don't want to give it away victor okay but i will just say this the Shannon
Sosamon who plays Lauren she's uh with a black hair she's cute i see i'll give it away and
nobody will watch it don't give it away no i don't care but the whole movie she's like in
in love with the victor and uh then he takes off and he goes to europe and he goes to London and
goes to Amsterdam and he goes to Paris and and to Venice and Rome and Florence and we see
toward the end of the movie we see this really neat montage of scenes where he's screwing his brains
off and he's yankin at the shower and he's doing all these other things in europe okay we see a lot
of scenes of Amsterdam in the Italy then he comes back home and she shows up she's been turning
everybody else down during the movie that wants to score you see what i'm like where this is going
no where's the call she's waiting for victor she's waiting she's saving the virginity perfector
and she shows up at victor's door and he opens the door and he's stark naked inside there's some
bimbo dancing on his bed stark naked also with an american flag painted over so we certainly
can't see certain things but anyway says who the how are you you follow what i'm saying
what the hell are you exactly as if he has he don't remember this bitch and she's been
pining away the whole god damn movie turning everybody in town down waiting for victor to come back
and of course victor at this point is you know with all the sex in the drug so you fact me the story
which we already had on our website but there is something really interesting about it
new handshirt Episcopalian selected an openly gay man as the next bishop Saturday which we had
on a website over the weekend but a historic vote in a church deeply divided on the issue of
homosexuality the selection of Reverend be gene Robinson 56 it was chosen over three other candidates
in voting by new handshirt clergy and lay Episcopalians if we can say that it's still subject
confirmation next month by the church's national general convention the confirmation is likely to be
a heated battle with international implications Robinson drop position from any in the angrily
community worldwide and here's the interesting part because i knew there would be one the reverend David
Jones rector of st. Paul said he was thrilled with Robinson selection even though he recognizes
that the bible speaks against homosexuality he said your gay the spirit works through that man so
who am I to say god's not supposed to do that Reverend Jones said how did that then make that up
Reverend Jones who's not one of your favorite people i take it your gay just because he calls 40
50 times today you take these things personal i don't yeah right i'm used to it after about a hundred
years of it because i get paid tomorrow a lot of money five six five six seven oh five
sixty pot no see i really do i really don't care i keep saying that and you don't believe in either i know i'm
laughing at carlos why what's he doing now um these uh wishing you the duty for what
because you're mentioning payday tomorrow it's a sore subject with him oh somebody lent back
back home well if you keep parents his nose out of there it might take you up one of these days
i think it was muffed at the kind of like didn't he didn't he say that off the air that one
morning he said that was a real pain in the ass didn't he tell us that and i was just about the time
to dust out going for all of them exams here's north minibee chill oh god are you boring north
minibee chill oh hey i'm gonna have a y'all yes sir okay uh yeah i saw a movie attraction and i
thought it was okay it wasn't great but it was good although um the first the opening scene
in the beginning where the chick uh that you were just talking about is like saving yourself
you know for the certain guy this party right and uh he ends up going to bed with another chick so
she ends up settling for this other guy she was talking to the film student guy remember the scene
yeah okay and he's uh she and she's so wait did she pass it down when she wakes up he's filming her
and some other guy right and she's and saw the guy is doing her right and she's like almost
coming from that's my virginity to some loser and then he throws up on her
mm-hmm that was pretty good uh she deserved it i think basically when you get to
the movie and see what a loser she turned out to be she doesn't even know she was cute she
deserved i agree that was that was pretty funny though and um you did see that one brief scene
of male nudity right when pictures going through europe yeah okay well anyways i thought you
might enjoy that um another thing about um so a reason possibly people aren't as uh
psyched out about um requiem as uh you are and most people for smart people anyway
as great a movie as it was it didn't have a very you know pleasant ending you know what i mean
well i mean well i don't think that godfather had a pleasant ending either did
it didn't any of them any of the three godfathers believe it or not Neil don't hate me but i've never
seen the godfather i don't think network had a pleasant ending unless you didn't like Howard
i mean there are a lot of great movies that don't have a pleasant ending because uh you know i mean
snow white you know if you want to see fairy tales stuff like that those have pleasant endings but
uh real life doesn't always have a pleasant ending yeah but you know what it's like i don't know
for especially for people that didn't some way can relate to any of the characters in requiem
like uh you know whether it's diet pills or drugs whatever at the end of the movie you're left
feeling like oh my god that's you know screwed up you know as great the as the movie was it's like
well i mean but it's but it's just a movie it's not like you're watching it because you're waiting
for a commentary on your own life in fact that that's part of it because we all have the our own
things that were hooked on and you can you can relate to it no i agree but that's all right well
gee at least we still got both arms i think and at least uh you know we're not in some kind of an
old eight old folks home right yeah well it's the only bad part is we're not doing as to ask
okay thanks a lot pal that's what Carlos said we're not doing bass task with clearance yet
did you notice were you Ellie Eve's dropping on a conversation when clearance was in it before
the show this morning when i said something about ass to ass boy his ears perked up i could i could
hear the uh yeah the purking of his ears all the way up here i was feeding a little crowded i had
to stand up and go into the room as as clearance was talking to you he was getting a little
close he reached over for that instrument that roared left behind then i knew that your ass was in
big trouble and i do mean your ass i heard a zipper and i went running
well he is desperate you know and he at least one thing i'll say for clearance he don't lie about it
you know he can't get laid he ain't going to get laid and it's just that's not in the cards right
right in fact i think clearance and i had that one thing in common sex with women is not in
cards read the one of us
well it needed 12 to 1 hour on wq air
oh look this is Carlos kneeling or hey i see i take their place oh i forget to head open bit
today we put them at pole the parole will be uh your favorite operating system
what is your favorite operating system um windows 87 windows 95 windows 98
200 and tea windows xtp ro windows me or mat ralais
lego turfon du black way am
oh what are you doing another pole they're not even there today
so is part of the tool i know i'm not a woman's piece i haven't slept in four years
yes another thing like you just throws in and i had to count out to his women's
yes i hate you i hate you i hate you too i hate you too please do not hurt
well you got me there you realize that we have those new to one opens and it's just
dawned on me i guess i'm a little slow just because we're back to tend to do right and we got our
one to two our why can't we play the new and the one stuff oh i know exactly in fact i'm looking
now for that then iliana gross latent in the rosanna dana thing and i play that every i want to
hear somewhere because i've played it what you can play that every hour because that one fits in
with any god damn our all find it that bitch so which of our legacy movie do you like better scared
to death or the devil bat no the reason the reason i'm asking that is because i bought this uh way
back when in the beginning when you started talking to me and to buy all these DVDs right i bought
this velagosi collection volume one because the Dracula's not on DVD yet okay and even if it were
while we're with the quality of the right uh they digitally remaster who the hell knows
plus they can put all kinds of extra extraneous stuff on but anyway it's not available so
here here are two movies that i never heard of scared death in the devil bat with velagosi
who is one of my favorite people now you have that up there with you i take it i have it in my hand
why why i want to borrow you but obviously not scared to death on DVD for the first time
mastered from a restored original 35 millimeter theatrical color print they're doing some wonderful
things with that as a matter of fact what they did with metropolis is phenomenal original release
1946 with velagosi George Zuko Nat Pendleton Molly Lamont and Dave Lamont and Lamont Cranston
the shadow and then the devil bat 1940 i don't know it's one of those you have to be just in the
right mood i guess to pop in there i love that stuff do you um you're like rules of attraction believe
me it's your kind of oh you won't like the ending see this is what gets me now that although the guy
wasn't saying he felt that way but some people won't like the ending of the happy ending that's not
the same as uh just a decent good ending yeah well uh rules of attraction doesn't have any ending
i okay it ends you know that one bit i was playing the boka brine bit how it ended no no that
that's how the movie ends i'll brace myself like he's in the middle of a sentence well i mean it doesn't
make any difference with our ten year not because you won't know when it's going to happen right
but like he's at back and then that's it and then you go to the closing credits and you say what
what all right here's the factors i loved all the movies you've talked about see i'm enjoying the
movie thing because it's opening up to me uh and maybe it's a selfish thing and then the people
out there who hate movies or just a bunch of sour pushes oh gee this is getting so epic and
pottery i don't give a crap under its potterous or not i've heard your material today what it is
the usual chambam yeah i've heard what have they got what do they want yeah it was George
was a gay day oh oh oh yeah god almighty man talk about a bunch of overgrown children and you
wonder why america's in the shape that it's in and we got a moron from present you wonder
god see one of the problems we have with this show for the last 70 or 80 years is that we've got
a lot of amateur comedians out there who think because the show is amusing at times and sometimes
very amusing that they're amusing guess what you made your first mistake okay you're not amusing
you're not funny you're not hysterical you're not a panic you're not uh you know if you if you
were you have your own show but most of you are not that guy with his uh his uh i think that was
Reverend Jones doing his own voice the head of me i mean who else could be possibly so stupid i
mean i'm even given him like a little publicity with that uh psca page and story there he still can't
control himself put on your baseball caps stuff it in your ass go to pomp it or park even though
there's no live racing now until the fall and see if thick fineberg will talk to which i doubt
he's probably gone anyway if he's smart for the summertime and everybody out of there for the summertime
yeah gone you would you would think so anyway here's the two movie suggestions from this
faxier from Greg uh donny darkone i see that on all these lists of the top movies ever right and um
i tried i tried to rent that once and somebody had to put the wrong DVD inside the box
oh god are you serious i i am i would go back to that store and i would just take a big
dump right on a counter guess what was in there oh donny brasco donny brasco was in donny darkone close
enough god almighty i'm dying i can't get over but we're trying to close yeah but i'd already
see it itself donny dark donny dark donny dark donny dark along the lines of momentum and
requiem it's a strange but great oh i like strange i do like strange so these people that are all
like what did it mean uh yeah forget about that just sit back and enjoy we've talked about this
for years air be one of these pseudo intellectuals or little amateur hour type of they want to go
there they want to analyze it okay if you want to analyze something go see clear and season i'm busy
see i chopped myself off there because we were coming up to the top of the hour there when i
talked about neither he writes in a car that having sex with women but in his case or with anybody alive
poor clearance you might actually be getting paid on time for the fact that he's so desperate
and you wouldn't put out i thought that i'm girl he went out with once yeah the one that you
bid on the earth no no once differently and what happened i don't know what happened she was cute
though very cute and i don't i don't know and he wasn't oh and number two american psycho it's
as i love this movie and Greg i love the tool was great what was it got it played in that
Ethan hawk no not Ethan hawk and american psycho i don't know i didn't see it say
oh you didn't see american psycho i know that's all and you can have a care of his name no i love
he was like i remember his name is very good though i was an excellent movie say we're doing a lot
of public favor here and all these people that are seeing some of these movies they never saw
before we're doing a tremendous public service which probably isn't as entertaining as
chamba but we're doing the best we can okay with limited budget
here's our poll question today who do you trust the most
449 votes myself 127 good for you my spouse 94 i trust nobody 88 my parents 63
he arrives 38 you know our other choice we should put under my bookie but we didn't uh
now don't put that on ankle vote my best friend 16 George W. Bois 12 Moe Howard David at 9
and my priest rabbi or minister has only two votes out of 449 votes pretty lame all you clergy
people out there they're out of your crap they're out of your charade that wouldn't trust you as far
as they could heave you they had a statistic on the news over the weekend that since the uh
the arachitech there's been a 250 percent increase in child diarrhea in Iraq
are you asking George before the show how do they measure that you know honey
is it like in leaders or courts and gallon of shirts leaders oh god here's my any hello
Neil is that you yes sir it's me hey Neil hey i don't know if i may call and told you this but uh
there's uh more evidence that uh good things are coming to your radio station the most those
billboards are gone yeah and what about the rest of them and they need to change yours so the
right time is on there no but is mine still up here's it up mine is still up and Moses gone how do you
like that it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see the handwriting handwriting on the billboard
exactly hey what i need to ask another question uh you know there's a different type of movie
goers are you the kind that goes to the movies when they first come out or do you wait for them to come
out on cable or or just buy them on DVD no i wait till they come on cable or a DVD and George you're
the opposite right you go out and see when they come out depends i'll see George has got kids so
he takes his kids to you know especially when his older daughter was younger it's all the punky you
know like the uh the the the the kid movies you know if it's uh some big spectacular all go see
the theater otherwise a wait right there's a lost arc star trek like that star uh you know
whatever that's the shroud you got the kids i've got the kids to it you know what can't sit out i can't
wait till college comes you guys later thanks me okay pal thanks yeah he don't want to go see those
punky little movies just to entertain his kids he's a tear to that crap how many times can you watch
uncle remiss anyway let's see for oh no not not more these pre I think you make these up you know
speaking of the billboards yeah i haven't seen yours uh coming to work in a long time it's apparently
been replaced by billboard that says Jesus is a Jew hmm oh okay uh how long did you think they
were gonna be up there anyway i mean this cheap ass outfit it's a miracle we got anything at all
so and that's a good excuse new lineup now we have to wait because there's a waiting period you
know what you think Jesus Christ look range Kentucky a retired Roman Catholic priest who admitted
the molesting 21 children for decades pleaded Monday to more abuse charges meaning today
and we had the story last week and now we got more the Reverend Lewis Miller who was at the
forefront of the Louisville Arts Dicey sex abuse scandal and it is pleaded in old county circuit court
the 14 felony counts of indecent and immoral practice involving eight chalens the victim seven
boys and one girl all were under 15 when the alleged abuse took place between 1972 and whatever
because there's a thing missing they had been members of the saint allowish's parish in
Paul E. Valley where Miller have been an associate pastor in Paul E. as in he's pond him all over
Miller was the first of four priests or former priest who faced criminal charges in Kentucky last year
and the beat goes on baby fry all their asses even though the public now is on the bigger
they have bigger fish to fry like the new Hillary book you know something i'm not gonna get it
good now everything was i was gonna go out after the show today and go to the huge books
throw over here and i'm not gonna get it y'all y'all yeah there's not gonna be anything in there in
fact every story that i read on the internet about including the one that we got on didn't we put one
on beater boy i'm pretty sure we did yeah christian bailed by the ways the name of the american cycle
guy he was excellent he was a killed me seriously about how or the whole here it is news day
analyst telleries book aims to alter image with the much hyped release today of her memoir
Hillary rotten clinton seeking his one-poster put it a second chance at a first impression
but this move does not come out political risks and it goes on about this and about oh this
goes on for pages and it's on our website it's always been difficult for her to have a second
chance to make a first impression that's been the problem for her increasingly she enjoyed her
most favorable ratings during what were her likely her worst years the two year period of nine
well that's the sympathy vote when bubble it was doing the a monarchy study right bubble and the
bj by the way don't forget nearysers dot com dot just vote on our pull but be sure and scroll
down those neat pictures on there for the new station mascot mozo in fact maybe maybe that's
a new billboard campaign what you think that's a great idea oh you're in the mozone with mozo to cloud
i got to go back to do it again i got to have another fence and a spusty sidekick i just
so why is this thing so slow and it you want to know why i don't want
because they're all looking will you get off our game website so i can see it
here we come come on
there he is oh you know the colors are so vivid and massive on that thing it's just it's just amazing
like he glows in the dark maybe we didn't have a mozo wristwatch that glows in the dark he lights
up in the dark oh you know they have those 3d things like those cards that depending on which
where you look at them right you know like football cards they change the pictures right there you go
oh i love it just imagine the possibilities 12 13 at 5 60 WQ I'm I'll tell you a lot of great
possibilities of getting you into a great new vehicle an unbeatable price when you do your
vehicle shopping at hallowed potty at GMC where you'll talk to our good close personal buddies
Tom Lehman and Joe created the sales manager and lots of other really nice people too the reason
that hallowed potty expert in that same location for over 35 years is because they make great deals
there's no high pressure no BS and they're nice folks to do business with an unbeatable combination
and as far as your credit is concerned you don't have to have perfect credit to be able to cut a
deal at hallowed potty at at hallowed right now check out the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC
envoys envoy excels eucons eucon excels and denali's nobody's got a bigger a better selection than
hellet and certainly nobody's got better deals waiting for you they've also as you'd expect got a
great selection of pre-owned cars parked this uv's so for the biggest selection of GMC SUVs
neildeles and lots more see our good pizons at hallowed potty at GMC 13401 soft dixie highway
their legend during that spot on us one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week
if you want more info on any of their great deals called the neildel hotline tool free
one triple eight five three four forty two eleven one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
and be sure to mention you heard about it here on this program because you'll see even more
because our friends at hallowed are not ashamed to be a loving this show and you folks out there
hallowed potty at GMC they really be professional great
five and look all this is five six years the radius of yours
you
do i like that
box news Heather really like to
fuck you oh yeah
box news Heather really like to
fuck you really like to
fuck you're a fine looking fascist and a perfect little Nazi
i want to flip their coffee through your soil panties
distorting news looking slug and sweet
laughing your lips like and cultures roast me
box news Heather really like to fuck you oh yeah
box news Heather we really like to fuck you
we really like to fuck you
you ever think about doing kind of
do you bitch
you want to touch you three ways
sir
you're not a normal man
don't you think no man
then this little pig rolls putty three door
buns I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum
see you next time you need a story done
since it takes a bit more to make you come
box news Heather we really like to
fuck you
you're a fine
box news Heather we really like to fuck you
from 19 at 560 wqm 5 what is it 497 votes
then near 500 who do you trust the most myself
139 my spouse 102 I trust nobody 96 my parents 71
neo roger's 43 my best friend or friends 21 George W
Bush 14 Moe Howard David had got nine and my
priest rabbi minister only two so everything's
finally coming into a shape here today after
a kind of a week start and things are rolling along
starting to get some pretty interesting
faxes and low and behold only moments ago
a fax comes over the machine not from you
but directly from Norma Kent more self-aggrandizement
haha
vocal team goes to bad about how the marlins made
history this week when they became the first
major american professional sports franchise to
enter into a long-term advertising contract
with a major gay newspaper the express
and bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop in
an effort to get the soft-load of sports
fans to whatever ain't gonna work
now wait until you see the rest as part of the
advertising package the marlins will receive a
quarter-page ad each week in the express
from now until the end of the season the ads
began running last week now here's the here's
the piece of resistance okay ready ready the
team is also given miss Kent extra
tickets to disperse as promotional giveaways
on his popular morning drive radio talk show
air daily on w f f l fourteen hundred a.m
the show and i was that a miss printer is it i
thought it was f t l's f a they change the
rollators and i think any difference the show
celebrates his first anniversary this week at
his broadcast each morning live from the
floridian at fourteen ten east lasolis boi
before love it don't even say it's only on for
an hour like eight to nine a.m. and how many listeners it's
gone third man yeah his popular morning
driver oh no i just it just it tears my guts out man
it's just so sad i didn't care about the marlins
before i read that release i don't care about them
now and i never will care about them i'd be like i
used the way back in the beginning until they
started jerking all the fans around and screwing
around the usual soft floor to shuffle oh well we
can't afford this and we can't afford that
mapa you know it's the same old crap you know
but because the advertising in norms newspaper we're
supposed to care about the uh marlins now
oh my yeah exactly coma inducing coma inducing
no wonder motor into a clown
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eight t and t and for rise and wireless line
his popular morning drive show folks
here's a call from poppano hello hello yes sir
near you fat fat you yeah that's me so what happened
with me don't you what's it the waste yet a
waste get the waste blow job i ever seen i was at
the hospital i was the one that prepped you
the okay great you don't want to prepped uh who was it
muff he's the one that prepped muffs back to him
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eight t and t and for rise and wireless line
oh here's a call from green acres hello
hey what's up male yes sir how you doing okay
hey i don't have any movies to talk about man i got a book i want to talk
about those yeah uh it's called jarhead it's uh
a marine name was is Anthony swafford and he was a marine
and the first call for it's like i don't know it's kind of a
contrast to what you see on msnbc with uh you know the wall of fame
you know the honor and all that you know it's just he just gives a
a real good insight into like what it's really like for the people on the
ground you know it talks a lot of a couple times that he
kisses his pants he talks about getting in the fights and stuff like that
this make it the really good book and just wanted to tell you about it
what's the name of it again jarhead jarhead go by Anthony swafford okay
all right man i got it done i'm done thanks pali you're done five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and for rise and wireless line
here and from a lot of people today that got turned down if the gate is in
Orlando this weekend you notice we got a run on us no
got turned away for being a little bit too
here's Miami hello hey man oh sir i was just wondering if you got a chance to
watch another movie called delivery this was the same actor from uh
american psycho what is it called equilibrium no it's a new release it came out
a couple of weeks ago if you get a chance to go ahead and rent it it's a pretty
good movie about uh after world war three mankind tries to control human
emotions that he takes some type of a drug that would control human emotions
uh therefore you everybody's pretty much like a robot some cop which is the type
from american psycho stop taking a drug and uh you know tries to free mankind kind
like a major scouting but uh not so
sci-fi if you know what i mean the chances go ahead and rent it i think it's a
pretty cool movie okay thanks all right see you five six seven movie
intensive again today basically a lack of anything else you know it's even on the
bed times Thursday a very small number of being a boy he he noticed yeah i do
and probably was probably was well relieved to see that while sometime on a weekend i
get highly motivated there was so much good stuff especially Saturday
Saturday i thanks him all of these really great stories i'm waiting breathlessly i
keep checking every couple hours to see when they go up there on the website and i
keep checking and i keep checking and it's all a Friday's
crap is still on there what i've called you but i didn't know if you've no
like if you actually check you might have told me uh who cares
well what does that mean who cares why why would i send them to you if i didn't
care i mean does that make any sense no i know i know you care but why would i
know why would i waste hours and hours at least maybe 15 minutes of i mean the hours of my time
scouring every website in a history of mankind trying to find interesting and provocative and
worthwhile crap for our very very worthwhile website if i didn't care no but if you don't
read it once i'm glad you didn't call us good don't call me i don't want to be called you know
unless it's like something really worth checking don't call me anybody please okay i love
having us out of that phone not ringing oh you know what i mean listen to that
oh i like that i'm not here in the phone ring five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line of very spastic very weak Monday here this morning maybe maybe
this was the week that they all officially started bailing out you think yeah they're uh their car
their yard remember it was raining oh and also speaking of uh technical stuff whatever happened
after friday we are streaming again or not we haven't had any complaints so we can only assume
are we back up streaming on our website or not folks we need to find out let me see let me see if
a lin has emailed me yet because she absolutely would be right there on top of things uh let's see
time to load in but worth oh she's talking about the ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha thanks lin no reply
needed she's talking about the uh mo uh the mozone picture and she wouldn't have known about it if
she wasn't listening got it we're streaming again folks oh back on well worth the wait
yeah now where did that come from one of our listeners and the same one who designed that
covered that i'm sure is going to be the cover of our visit the city different person i thought you
just didn't he just say before was the same person no what i had said i i thought that
that might have been confusing it's the same bad did the the dancing on the grave thing is the same
guy that that's doing all the other covers but not the same guy that did the bozo that's oh well
thanks thanks to both of mokan especially whoever did the bozo thing though the mozo is a
spectacular that would be out of swooning all over south Florida from it 27 past noon in qa and by
now you've been hearing us talk about laminits arussian how laminit wood flooring from laminits arussian
is the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring laminits arussian is the best
place to find laminated wood flooring from all the top names pirator or perco wilson art uniflorand
quickstep they've got all the top names in the universe installed by perco certified installers
here's another reason why you're to call laminits arussian their prices will absolutely floore
right now you can get their summer special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks you heard
it right just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks from two three hundred eighty square feet of
beautiful laminated wood flooring it is absolutely unbelievable it is and laminits arussian
match any legitimate written off for two for a free in home estimate call laminits arussian
tool free from anywhere one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six what could be
easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a twenty five year warranty and years and
years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring waiting for you call laminits arussian
tool free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six
we're sports video five six you a m
waited from our good friends at Unca Cart Travel
as been calorado that's the place to go if you like skiing imagine for a moment you're on the
slope you put your knees together bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put
the other hand on the edge of the table this is unacceptable we're out this I think it would
responsible for the sabotage this is the hand you work it I think it too poof in that train
guattle of a monkey of his well the jokes on them why I'll have you know I got connections in New York
oh
you
you'll see you now thanks godfather what do you know what do you say
no my most we call the twins friends what can I do for you on the day of my father's abortion
I am here to demand that you grant me a favor I want to sink in a head on new rush
what have I done to be treated with such disrespect oh godfather me dear to my row every day they
got me rated it using my name and vain and just making fun of my veins I shouldn't hear it to
hear we can I know you can act like a land you know who I am you're a man who deserves respect
so here's a ticket to Vegas Vegas who needs a friend I already live in paradise you don't talk to a man
like whoa I would like that I want you to take care of our friend mr. mole over here sure pop okay take
your pants off fella let me show you a good time could you hands off me a big dummy great
dumb not dumb you're stupid it's yeah but not like they say you need a hand here where you look
I'm out of there great trouble howling this bout to keep a quiet okay
oh
take that jenko plunky
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
mhm
you got it
2524
26 to 1 at 5 60 above the qu in we got the man dogg at one at the 2 we'll see for office
have it? Wouldn't that be great. You think he wants to come in at one time? No.
Mad Dog 2-4, the Humper Hank is back from the Belmont 2-4 or 4-7, whatever it is at
Chulis. The big O at 7. Oh!
Eddie Kate's head to 2 in June, Mark overnight. 1-5, 2-5, whatever it is.
Sure what? Lots of calls about that Belmont, not, and that's good because people
are called about horse racing, harness racing, throwback racing, all of us over the
age of 100. Nobody wants to hear that. Old conkers at the track. 5-6-7, 0-5-60,
0-5-60 on the AT&T and for Rise and Ruralist Line.
Were you disappointed, funny side didn't win? Oh yeah, crushed. You were disappointed.
It would have been fun to have a hero to have something, huh? To have a little
something good, even if it's a horse. What's not my horse? Well, who gives a crap, okay?
So you're not going to make all of that money that he would have made, plus it isn't
any of balls anyway. Here's Point and B, chill out. I was there that he lost.
How big your pardon? I was there, honey. Funny side, funny side, boy.
Funny side, yeah. Do you think that horse had a chance of the...
We're right. Did I hear you this morning, honey? You were the first caller on
the e-ferelshow this morning. Chronic, chronic, oh, that voice, that sound, that voice,
I can't take it. Not exactly a real prosperous day on a phone today, not a
overwhelming response, but I still say, I don't care what anybody says there.
Those voices, those chronic, they just kill me. Don't you know that voice? Yeah.
Dole, that dull sound, that dull thud in your ears, you're saying, oh no, not again,
not that voice again. See what I'm talking about, old cockers at the track.
It'll take for a little while, you know, another week or so, and helping out all these
chronic's. He won't put them on. And you want to know why he doesn't need them.
Shodys, pills, uppers, downers, that's what he's got going. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5,
50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. Yes, hey, a couple of things. First of all, on the billboards,
the Mohawar billboard on the term pike actually has just been moved to the other side of the
old time. So it's still there. It's still there just in the opposite side. It's,
it's a kiss. Do they still have the old times, I'm sure? The old times and all the symbols
of the schools as well. All of that, all of that syntax still, yeah. Okay. And also,
Rickling for a dream update at the best Buy and Hammer Mine, there are light coffee.
Yeah. On sale of the, of the, of the directors cut $9.99, great price. Really? Yeah. And I thought
one of them, so there's four left as far as I know. Okay. Yes, sir. One last thing.
One last thing, there's a great DVD coming out of being released tomorrow. The original length
cut of once upon a time in America, almost four hours long. Oh, it's coming out tomorrow?
I'll be there standing online. All right. Thank you. Thanks, pal. That's great because that
the four hours long, isn't that good? Oh, yeah. No, seriously, it's a good movie.
There aren't too many movies that are worth sitting for four hours in watching because you
don't have to watch it all one sitting, although it does, you know, take something away when you
get up and go take a big dump. But no, that's what's the end. And that's another one that you keep
telling me the ending is okay. And I'm telling you, the ending is there is no ending. I was really
high. And of course, it was after four hours. I might have been asleep when the ending came around.
There could have been it. The directors cut once upon a time in America with Robert
D'Anoel and Brian Bloom, James Woods, James Woods and his zits, popping all over the place from that
garbage truck. And the very young, not even using her real name Jennifer Connelly as a, uh,
some little punter. That's right. Jennifer Connelly is in there in the very young,
Jennifer, Carlos looked it up because we were wondering why we didn't spot that before.
Oh, that's right. That's the right name. Jennifer Connelly in the Brian Bloom. It was like,
yeah, he kept looking through the wall in the toilet. Five six, five six seven, oh five 60,
pound five 60 on a AT&T. Don't forget if you missed the beginning of the show,
rules of attraction, edit your list. Vienerboy hasn't seen it. George hasn't seen it.
Vienerboy still hasn't seen Magnolia. You've got a lot of movie watching, a lot of
old happiness, which I gave them, uh, gave them both. As a matter of fact, Magnolia's do
back tomorrow. So that's that. I guess puts you into a corner. You're like in a box now.
In corners, you write into a box kind of like a way clearance. I do this morning.
So no more excuses. No more carb breakdowns. No more sad stories. Tonight's the night for Magnolia.
Got it. Got it. Maybe Wednesday. I'm not sure. I suggest it is. If you have like dinner with
fancy restaurants tonight before you watch it, don't be ordered no frog legs.
Here's a lady in Boyton Beach. Hello. Hello. The lady in Boyton Beach is gone.
We haven't had one female. Hello, hello. Hello, hello. Oh, there she is. Okay. Oh, I scared a hell out of me.
Speaking of provocative and interesting. Yes. There's a story in the Palm Beach post today on
the front page. I haven't had any chance to read it. It says, Foundations move to West Palm Beach,
Ring Spell. Richard Mellon's case organization is moving to Palm Beach. Oh, great. So, uh, uh, uh,
right before election, it mentioned some other organization that moved here from Winter Park,
to Winter Park, and they defeated the anti-gay bill. So, you might find that of interest when
you get around to it. Okay. I'll go on the website and during the break. Okay. Thanks for the bad news.
Right. Bye. Bye. See you. How do you like that? Richard Mellon's case. Those for our visitor right
wing lunatics coming upon Beach. See, it used to be the places where they would always be like in
the Southern California, like in Orange County or in Arizona. All the real radical far right wing groups.
Not a real common to Florida because that's where they assume the biggest crime. All the stuff that
hanging chads all the crap. You ever check out the Palm Beach post website? No. About twice a year
there's some good crap on there. Here it is Palm Beach Post dot com. Uh, voucher students back in
public schools. West Palm Beach climbers to block noise wall. Uh, breaking news. Israel does. Oh,
by the way, how do you like the road map? Oh, yeah. Can't get there. Oh, can't get there from here.
From anywhere. Stocks decline in midday trading. Uh, you see the thing about Richard Mellon's case.
Americans and Europeans flee Liberia capital are having a few problems. There are cases you haven't seen.
FBI drains Maryland pond and anthrax probe. We better check that out. What should I think? Okay.
But I don't see squat above Richard Mellon's cave. Well, either peanut butter will find it as
somebody will fax it in or not as a case, maybe. 1241 at 560 WQM. Don't forget everything. I'm sure
soon or later finds its way to South Florida. I'll tell you a great place and that's the pizza lot.
They got two locations for you. How's Jeff doing? You heard from him lately? Not lately. Well, why not?
I spoke to him Friday back in for food, but he was busy. Are you serious? Yeah. Well, Carlos was, uh,
yeah, he said I could go in crazy. It's crazy with business. That's what he says. You're that or you just
don't want to go on and feel that. Nah, that wouldn't be the case. He loves seeing you guys and getting
the free plugs on here and going on. Tell us all his sex stories for hours and hours and hours. All
of them true. Maybe that's what he's been real busy doing. And anyway, I'm sure he's been busy
cooking up all kinds of great stuff for you folks in daily of all places on university drive
between Griffin and 595 right behind Pairwood imports. They're an legendary location. The pizza lot
plaza with tons and tons of free parking for you. They got three different kinds of pizza including
that extra spicy food. Gaza pizza and they got calzones and seafood and veal and chicken and
super subs and the best garlic rolls in the history of mankind. I always talk about how the garlic
rolls are just dripping with garlic. Some people don't like that. So if you tell them, you know,
very light on a garlic, they'll do that for you. They serve it up to you anyway. You like it in
the food too. And the prices are so ridiculously low. You can take the whole family. The whole
office there over and over again without breaking the bank. 954 916 888. That's the number to call for
take out delivery or catering 954 916 888 or implantation. The newest pizza loft out in West
Broward. Now he'll sunrise right beyond Walgreens 954 382 1999. Same great deal. Same delicious food.
Same fresh goodies that are unbelievable to low prices. The pizza loft in prestigious plantation 954
382 1999. Oh here's comical alley the former i raki minister of information with a sports
update. Hello sports fans. How about those Detroit Tigers? Oh no they're really hitting
the cover of the ball huh? They continue their unparalleled reign in first place with an
unbroken string of supreme victories. Oh doctor their opponents are wetting their tiny jacks that
in fear. They could go all the way. That's your look at sports. This is Mohammed Said.
He does a half thing. We shall cut you into pieces like a snake. Stay tuned to this station
for more updates from the raki minister of information. Rumor is Clarence's talk at him to replace
the beast on a forel show in the morning. That's what I'm hearing. Here's that story. Foundations
moved area concerns liberals. Did you find it? Bonoboy? Yeah I'm still looking. Oh I got it.
I'll find it. The so- the so-called vast right wing conspiracy is touched down in Palm Beach County.
The Skate Family Foundation moved its home office here last month to West Palm Beach to
continue its mission of strengthening families and promoting animal welfare. Oh right.
Since the 1980s the foundation was headquartered in the same Pittsburgh suite with three other
family organizations headed by billionaire Richard Mellon Skate. He was singled out by the Clinton
White House as one of these seminal figures in the vast right wing conspiracy to topple the president.
Now liberals fear the Skate Foundation is writing a wave of conservative organizations that are
expanding and Florida to influence the nation's agenda as well as the 2004 elections. In other
words if you think that they stole it in 2000 you ain't see nothing yet. Florida in many respects is
the most important state of the nation said George Mure... Jorge George Mursouli. How big your
partner? Huh? That's his name with the J. Florida director for People for the American Way,
a liberal policy group. Change something here and you can change it on the national level whether
it's school vouchers or gay rights. Obviously the foundation sees some benefit to being here.
And it goes on it's a lengthy I'll save it. We haven't put it on in tomorrow right?
But of course. I mean I could say it to you now but you know you never know it might be another
slow day with news tomorrow so we'll save it for tomorrow also since I checked out the Palm Beach
posters that other story FBI drains Marilyn pond in anthrax program. How do I like that?
Just the time when most of us had forgotten about anthrax.
Fredrick Mureland the FBI was draining municipal pond today in search of evidence of how anthrax
lace letters were assembled in 2001 attacks that killed five people. You remember the FBI's
Washington Field Office released a statement saying that its agents and those from U.S. Postal
Service were conducting searches related to the investigation of the origin of the anthrax
lace letters mill in 2001. The purpose of these searches is to locate and collect items of
evidence related to the attack statements as to facilitate the search activity one pond will be
drained. No further details were provided. When you think that if there was evidence in the pond now
that it would be maybe a little soggy by now. The anthrax. The anthrax or the evidence or both.
Just a little on the soggy side. It says for protection against airborne bacteria person can put
envelopes and secured anthrax powder into the box. Then weighed into shallow water and submerged
to put the bacteria into the envelopes underwater. Some involved in the case believe the post said,
the Washington Post, afterward the envelopes could have been sealed inside plastic bags to be removed
from the underwater chamber. So there how do you like that? Some investigators said the water
theory is the result of the FBI's interest in Stephen Hadfield that positioned in bio-terrorism
expert who formerly worked as researcher with U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of infectious
diseases at Fort Detrick in Frederick. That facility is the primary custodian of the strain of
anthrax found in the envelope sent to the victims. Attorney General John I am a fascist ascrofters
described Hadfield as a person of interest in the investigation and yada yada it is still on his ass.
How do you like that? So they're draining it. They're draining it and they're straining it.
Now let's see that was right after that was a fall of 2001 and here it's almost the summer of 2003.
Got it? No. Got the perpetrator? How about Osama? We got him? No. How about Sodom? We find? No.
Did you see that they were looking for DNA evidence? Oh, in that house and the rubble of the house that
they they already admitted it was the wrong house. It was next door to where he had been seen. No. Yeah.
It wasn't the wrong house. Were all those innocent people died? No DNA. No. What a surprise.
There are no innocent irackies. As a matter of fact what they said was they found as much Sodom DNA
in that house as they have found weapons of mass destruction so far. And I could just hear
remissing him. Zip but he do that. You know, could hear him singing it. 5, 6, 7 we got 8 million
open lines here today. It's been a real struggle boys and girls. It's been a real battle
of battle against the world. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Probably gone. Probably on the old Hershey highway right now.
Now wait a minute. Is there something happening on this phone now? You've never picked up a line.
Well, I'm hitting it and it's not working now. Hit it again. I just I'm hitting six.
Nothing is happening on my line. Oh, don't tell me this can't be happening to me again.
Please tell me the same happening to me. Oh, no, I'm hitting lines and nothing is happening. How do you
like that? I'm doing lines. What are you will make in guttable sounds? There's nothing
happening. That's all I can think to do right now. Zip but he do it all like I just said. I think
that describes how many calls we're going to be taking. Why don't you try pushing up line 6?
See what happens. I got it. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, I am. Hi, Neil.
Hey, that last little product in the track might as well have been from Brighton Beach.
Not from Boyton Beach. Uh-huh. Maybe it was more. Yeah, could have been safe. We're calling from the other side.
Yeah, we never knew we never found out what happened to see more. Maybe still as a track.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm Neil one more thing.
Once they whack Moe, wouldn't it be cool if his life kind of spiraled out of control?
Okay. See, this thing ain't working. Now did I cut it off or did you? Me? Oh, 5, 6, 7,
oh, 5, 6, but how are we going to do this to the rest of the show? Why did all of a sudden that we
have this disconnect? Let me try one thing. Okay. All right. Try one thing. Okay. One of them, please.
Oh, it's coming back. Now I've got your my dots and maybe my check mark. There they are.
Should I try? Yeah. All the names on the left side of the cities have vanished.
But that's okay. They're all the same. QAM Hello. Boka.
Hello. Neil, I'm a lady in Falcon. You're a bastard. Uh-huh. Okay. Thanks.
Thanks for the phony voice or the real voice. Whatever the hell it was. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60. Maybe that was Moe's wife, you think? Uh-huh. What are you laughing about? She was calling
from Boka. Yeah. And she said I'm a bastard and there are no other women in Boka who think I'm
a bastard. Said maybe Moe's wife, which part of Boka? Maybe she was in North Boka. Maybe she was in
that place that the Pharrell was talking about. Now you're going to start that again. Oh, we had a great
Josh Friedman story that we forgot to talk about today. That's right. You know, there's a lot of
Josh Friedman stories involving violence when you add them all up. Yeah. Like this one.
Josh Friedman had a little run in with somebody from the Marlins because Josh Friedman has been
canned from QAIM. His contract not renewed, which means bye-bye. And so I guess they originally told
him he can keep his credentials from the Marlins game. Correct me if I'm getting this story wrong.
As you told me. One of the Mucky Mucks in upper level management. Right. And then I guess for whatever
reason, maybe because of the smell. I don't know if you wanted to. Steve, do we want to say his name?
No. Okay. So there was a run in with one of the Mucky Mucks from the Marlins who said,
no, we changed their mind. You can't have your credentials. You can't come out here. You no
longer work for QAIM and you can't come in here free anymore. And so they wanted his credentials back.
And according to the story, he didn't want to give the credentials back. He had the thing around
his neck, you know, with a chain of holding on. Right. And got into kind of a scuffle with the guy
from the organization. The one who tried to yank the thing from around his neck when he refused to turn
the credentials back over. And they had like a little bit of a scuffle. And the rumor is that Josh
farted on him and we never saw that guy no more. He sat on him. Is that it?
He's shmacked on him. Something. Maybe all of the above. I don't think you'd be seeing that guy. No, Mo.
See now, now, how come are these not going to show up on the left side of the food?
The main set you're not going to get them unless he actually hangs up and re-enters.
Oh, don't do that. Yeah. Pembro Pines. Like I said, here's Pembro Pines. Hello.
Dale, how you doing? Pretty good. On your recommendation, I saw a Requiem yesterday. And?
Awesome. That movie was phenomenal. The cinematography was so unique. It reminded me of another movie I
saw recently. And it was pie. Same director, Alan Uski. Yeah. That's probably why I reminded you of it.
Yeah, that's probably a good idea. Only this is much better than pie. Yeah, it was. This was like
a red-eyed punky pie. Definitely. It's in the top five. You're right. Okay. I've been listening to more of the more red-pounding. Thanks. He enjoyed it.
Frankly, I'm for a dream.
See, the, you know what the problem is? Our case is too good. That's a problem.
No, I'm serious. That's why you come up with these esoteric movies like Momento and this one and
some of the other ones. And people are saying, oh, I mean, that was so ponderous. And it was so boring and
didn't have like a whole bunch of great special effects. Yeah, we're the explosion. Yeah, we're all bunch of
explosions and car crashes and fun crap like that. Why?
We're sports video 560s. You're a, yeah. Don't you just hate people that use snappy
openers for their show segments like that one to two. Wow.
Award winning dramas. Movies on continuous loop. And now coming next month, HBO presents
an all-new musical version of the HBO prison drama. Oz, starring Christopher Lowell.
That's where I want it to be. There's wonder why it went on my...
Harvey fires the, I will ain't Jack so let her, Saran Rappler sweater,
voice derives with band-aid. And I know for you, the wimp, the envy,
anywhere you wish the fire was only in Japan. And the entire osmaning population.
You've got the season just in the world of the rhythm of our...
This is the wonderful prison of Oz, the musical next month on HBO.
102 at 560 WDQM. It's our big one to two-hour. It's gigantic. It's flame-ing.
And we're famous. When one of our regular fans who says another good site for movie reviews
is rottentomators.com. Famine you were there? Nope. Yeah, it's not bad. Not as good as mdb,
but it's not bad. I like mdb. In fact, I'm going to read the whole list of the top 250 movies
is selected by. Well, I'm going to better we only got one call on the board. And that's probably
is going to be real quick. Here's my any. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up?
How you doing? Nothing. I just wanted to tell you that I like you show, okay?
Have you ever seen the movie The Judicial Suspect? No, I haven't seen that. That's a good movie.
Okay, put it on my list. Thanks, Pellie. Okay. See, there you go. That's it. That's it. So,
I think I'll read the list and we'll just play some music in the back. What do you think?
Okay. Or I'm going to get I can get the Toronto phone book in the other room.
Or I can read this fact. The rest of the facts from when who says I heard Rimmer on 940 this morning
talking about tonight's hockey game. The host asked him who his money was on. He said he was
keeping his wallet in his pocket. What a surprise. They were getting ready to hang up on him when
he said, if you want to talk about the game tomorrow, give me a call. He must be lonely. Better
than some others I know of you know what I mean? I heard Mo on had JD on John David's in this
morning. That was good. Although it just bugs me the fact that Mo pretends he knows something about
he wouldn't know Martin Brodour from Dean Martin. You know what I'm saying? No. Well, no, you wouldn't
either. Well, in other words, he knows about as much about hockey as you do. It's said he's got a
few names on a piece of paper somewhere. I see. That's what really bugs me. I've been to a couple
games. No matter fact, you know, so that's one and the two thirds more games than he's been to.
After they invited him to come to one game when he first brought his ugly to pay an
asset down and he showed up with his wife and they sat down there by the glass in the front and
they stayed for a few minutes and left. Maybe a period I guess put in a grand appearance. You know,
one of those deals. But why should he be different from most of the other sports guys
begun in the station, right? That's right. But I'll say it again. Women softball beat the hockey
in a rating. So, you know, who to help can they blame five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line? Here's a call from Weston. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
If you ever seen what's the fun of time in America with James Wood and the narrow. Yes, we're
just talking about only a moment. That's okay. The DVD comes out tomorrow. The record's cut
less about 20 hours. Why wasn't it ever shown in the full version in the United States, you know?
Too long. Too long. It was three and a half hours. If you read any reviews on it, it's
supposed to be pretty good or? Yeah, I've seen it. I've seen it several times. It's very good.
Oh, it is good. It's very good. But you better like, you know, get ready to take a nap in the middle.
Okay, thanks. Okay, you know, it's excellent. Although there's some people who wouldn't like it
because again, it's one of those that's all over the place and there's a lot of flashbacks and then
the ending is bizarre. Now, I guess when you got the director's cut, I sure hope it doesn't date. Well,
don't don't watch that stuff. Don't watch when they interview him. Okay, although I guess most people
want to see what he says is he's going to say it was an opium trip and none of this ever really
happened in the first place and it was all in the Robert De Niro's mind because if he says that at
that point, that's when you want to blow his brains out. And you see, you wasted four hours of my time
for an opium trip and this isn't like a real story, which at first of all, it's a movie anyway.
So what difference does it make if it's a real story or not? Right? I want a real story.
I see there are people, those people bug me. People that want a nitpick. People that want to like
pick it apart. I watch it for enjoyment. If I like it, I enjoy it. Great. I don't have to analyze.
I don't have to like, oh, well, what did he have in mind when he did this? I'm not interested in that.
I'm not a pseudo intellectual. I'm just an old fat slob and proud of it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, boy, boy, this has been a battle that they had, didn't it? Yeah.
Been a battle just to stay to keep our heads above water because there isn't a god damn thing.
We got the Hillary book. Nobody cares about it. Somebody will go out and buy it. I guarantee you're
plenty of people listening to me right now. They'll go out and waste a lot of money on it. They won't
learn a damn thing other than that she was shocked and dismayed when he told her about Monica.
Is there anybody with an IQ larger than the thumb who believes that? This is a god that's been
hooring around on her for as long as we can remember and she was shocked and dismayed that it was
getting blow jobs from Monica, that he was screwing around on the side on the ice princess.
If you God forbid were married to that, would you be screwing around on the side? Either way,
you. Oh, asking a wrong guy. Being a boy, if you were married to a nice princess like Hillary,
would a little clearance come in here and yeah, it brought me like that. I think the answer is
yeah, he would. Anticl your prostate prostate put you in the prostate position.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil is raining outside again. I just
a movie with Richard drivers. Hello. I'm here. Yeah, Richard drivers are horn racing movie. Can
you help me with that name of that movie? What do you mean by that? Well, what's the name of the
movie? Do you remember that movie? A horse racing movie with Richard drivers? No, but I'll
look up Richard. Are you serious? Or is this a joke? No, no, no, I'm serious. It was
filmed at highly a race track. Okay, I'm looking. I'm looking on the Richard drivers thing on here,
okay? Jennifer Tilley was in the movie. Jennifer Tilley? Yes, yes, sir. Okay, Richard
drivers on eBay, okay? This will have a list of every movie he was ever in and something he'd like
to forget. Yeah, this one he probably liked to forget. Young runaways. No, no, no,
we know it wasn't jaws. Crippin Dorf's tribe. Another stakeout. No, Mr. Holland's penis. We know
wasn't that one. No, no, no. The goodbye girl. No, lost in Yonkers. No, he wasn't at the track
in Yonkers. He may have been, but this was filmed in highland. Silent fall, moon over
Peridor. No, that was a good movie though. Nuts, the big fix. No, that wasn't it? No, sir.
Stakeout, 10 men with Danny DeVito. No. Lansky, no, the goodbye girl, no, the
prisoner of honor. That don't sound like it. No. Once around American graffiti. No,
sign photo. No. Nice. Not so nice. Oh my god, no. Always. Let it ride. Yes. Oh,
fine. Thank god. I was getting ready. All right. All right. Where am I the favorite? Wait a minute.
Let me let me just click on it this second here and see what I can find out about. 1989.
Okay. She was very hot in that movie, by the way. Who was Jennifer Tilley? She's always hot.
All right. I got another one for you. Cool hand Luke. Yeah. The scene where the girl was washing
the car was one of the hottest scenes in any of those movies. I remember that.
I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. The one where Jennifer Conley was looking
in the mirror in Requiem. Maybe. Yeah. I think so. Okay. Thanks very much, pal, for killing me.
Well, at least I found him as information. Now, what was the info? See, let it ride.
No, I didn't really want to know. I just wanted to find out for him. Okay.
Jesus, Richard Dreyfus is sure made a hell of a lot of movies. Not necessarily any good ones.
I don't like him. No. No. And you know why? I give up. Close encounters. Oh, well, you can't
hold that against him. But I do. His performance in that was so that was such a bad movie. Yeah.
And his performance was so spastic and ever. Listen, I can't help it. I just ever since that movie,
I don't like him. I see him as a melodramatic actor. And then Mr. Holland's penis or whatever
that was that would talk about Cornball. Yeah. Wow. Man, even in Iowa, the corn, even Diffo never
had corn at bed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm the
near Rogers movie show. Yeah, let's just do movies from now on. Tell at least to a clock.
Don't you think? Okay. Well, look at all the calls we had about rules of attraction.
Oh, no. You're like it. It's definitely not one of them. You'll both enjoy it. You should go out
and get that today. And you can have like a little circle jerk going. You can like he's watching
Magnolia today. You can watch rules of attraction and pass it on to him so you can do like your own
Netflix and charge him about 10 bucks. Here's Lighthouse Point. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah,
you watch the memento, right? Yes. The way it's on the CD, right? You realize it on the second
CD. You have the box with the blue cover. Sure do. The second CD has the movie in its correct
order. So everything is going backwards. Bring it on. Are you serious? Bring it. Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm going to watch that today. Wow. You have to go. You have those funny menus on the front,
right? Right. You have to find a picture. I believe it's either binoculars or perglasses of
some sort. Uh-huh. And you keep answering the questions as answer C. And then you'll come up
to a sequence where you have to put four pictures in their proper order. If you put them in reverse
order, the movie will play the way it should be seen without it going backwards. I'll be dang.
But they're probably on the second. Only on the second disco, right? It's on the second
disc. Yes. Okay. That's why a lot of people have trouble watching it. The first time is saying
this is wacky. But when you do watch it, the problem, right? Yeah, but that's what made it fun
the first time is that it was wacky. It was all out of order, right? Exactly. The friends that I have
watching it and including my wife's sister and say, oh my gosh, that is so weird. There's no way I'm
going to understand how this movie goes. Yeah. And I find out that it's on the second disc. And
once you watch it, the second time around. You've got to tell your friends they got to do a lot more
drugs before they once the first one. There you go. Okay. Thanks, pal. Okay. Oh, I'm speaking
of that. I'm so glad he may see. I knew that eventually we'd get a call at the, I really
have sunk my teeth and new. Now, what do they call those things? Because I really poop-pooted.
Because I'm just a novice at the whole DVD thing anyway, which, you know, I mean, a lot of people
aren't into it yet. Easter eggs. What is it? Easter eggs. Easter eggs. Now we're talking.
What's the deal with that? I see you don't know. I stop pursuing it. I've never seen one. How
are you supposed to find it? I mean, is this like a cult and the underground thing? Well, here's
two things that I'm confused about. Well, you laugh at a box. It's true. Yeah. There's two things.
One group of people calls the Easter egg just any kind of hidden anything that you don't notice.
Right. They're referring to that as Easter eggs. But then there are things within the DVDs
that are specifically put there by the manufacturer just as a little extra, just as a little
something for you to do. One's to see in the movie. And then when you go to these websites,
they tell you what they're finding. You mean, like that picture of Gerard Lido naked? Yeah.
Yeah. You go to these websites and they tell you how to find the hidden material.
Like the one that I found is already detailed. Well, what website?
I bookmarked it one moment please. Oh, that's where we talked about it one day. A couple of
weeks ago, Easter eggs up your answer or something like that. E-eggs.com. Oh, that's right. We looked at
it. But I mean, does that have like a link to all the different movies that have these on? It's
got a database and it's got e-mailers have emailed their take on different things. They're take?
Yeah. You look up a movie and then you get to see what other people have said about where the
eggs are if there are eggs, what you find. Yeah. Part of the fun is the detective work trying to find
the eggs. Get it like an Easter egg hunt. Yeah. But you're telling me that you can actually do this
on your DVD player. You don't have to like do this for the computer. Some of them.
Apparently there are Easter eggs and everything. DVDs, software, audio CDs, you name it. You know,
I really love those Cadbury Easter eggs. Oh, the ones with the cream. No, not the ones with the cream.
Now the ones with the hard shell. Either or. They have the small ones with the hard shell.
Cadbury's that have like a cream filling. I'm not talking about those. I'm talking about the
small ones with a hard shell, man. They're so good. And they come in a bag of about 45,000. Are you
talking about the multids or the non-multids? I'm talking about taking a break. What? Stop!
You maniac. Are you out of your mind? He's actually encouraging this.
114.560.WQA. Let me tell you about something that's really good and safe to pop. In your
push. In fact, I took mine this morning. Oliumet, soft gel capsules. Men are good for you. Oliumet
contains no sugar, no crap. Just to find a stall of oil on the plant with lots of other good stuff.
Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated and low with health benefits for you.
Oliumet and your push everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol too.
Plus, there are 14 different Oliumet formulas for you to choose from. Each one combining pharmaceutical
grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and rubles. The support specific health needs from your
bones, your blood pressure, your immune system. You just pick out the formulas that are right for you
and what you need. Now there are three new Oliumet formulas. One to help you sleep, Sarah. One to
help you control your weight whenever a refrigerator is starting to attack and cell Q10 for your heart.
When they start doing a shock therapy. Pick up some Oliumet today. Wherever you shop and pick
them up, it's in public records while reading the whole food markets and the maras and sedamos.
Or order it online if you like it. Oliumetamerican.com. For more information called toll free,
one eight six six Oliumet, one eight six six six five three six six thirty three. Don't be like
Sarah Goldfarer. Put something good for you and your push some Oliumet and start feeling better
right away.
Thank you for your attention.
I'm the lotion, if you don't use any, you don't have a clue
Now need the record to identify you
Come on, come on, come on, come on, you're the lotion with me
You gotta cover yourself now
Come on, baby, you're the...
You're back
All the way to your butt, cramp
You'll be all you're cherchin' on the junkyard of motion
Come on, baby, you're the lotion with me
You have to be your guide, you're swimming in the ocean
Come on, baby, you're the lotion with me
You better get the cat with the higher the head
All the sun is gonna cook you right in high on the ship
Come on, come on, come on, come on, let the lotion with me
So I go to the Easter Eggs Archive
And for some strange reason, this page won't print.
Bonerboy
I've tried three different ways of printing this page, you will not print out
I have to go to it to see
Anyway, so you go to, for example, it's got a whole list of the different DVDs
Memento and the one that he was just talking about chronological order in the limited edition and it tells you insert this two from limited edition set and then select the clock.
Select answer C five times the actual answer that we do with an navigation when you reach the question where you put the pictures in order of the woman fixing her tire put them in reverse order.
Three four one two.
What?
Well, I'm trying to like print this out so I can take this with what I'm saying right.
I guess I can write it out, but I'm lazy writing.
Who does that anymore?
Exactly.
So there you go. There's just one example because the Memento's got four four Easter eggs that they know.
Wow.
That would be exciting.
Here's our chronic factor, Jane, who says, did you hear about the Republican plan to change the Senate rules on filibuster?
Democrats have actually been showing some balls and filibustering some of Bush's scary old judicial nominees, which is most of them.
The Republicans want to lower the number of votes from 67 to 51 and have Dick Cheney break the tie.
Oh, no.
Not going to happen. They'll have a revolution.
Jane says, I know it's the colors for it, but for all those too much sports.
Founders, Quackers, Inters, Auders.
Yes, see.
That's a good one.
They love Ferell, man. Ferell is kicking ass with this audience over 40% bottom on 6010.
He's only been on like a week and one day, a week and one day and already they're in love with Ferell.
Okay.
Now, I don't know if that's as much of the pro Ferell that part of it is that and part of it is the anti-mothing.
That could be part of it.
Oh, what's this thing doing up here?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
God, this thing is doing some strange things today.
This screen, you know, on the untilos.
Yeah.
But again.
Oh.
Oh, I see what that was. That had to do with my printer.
Now, why would that show up on there?
What the hell would that have to do with my printer on that screen?
It's not connected to my computer. I don't get it.
So you think.
Huh?
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, what a disaster.
Here's a call from Marco Island. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah.
I have something for your listeners that maybe you could take a poll.
You know how it's firm stern.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd like to hear both of you on the radio talking to one another.
He's a big Republican, your big Democrat.
I think it would be a very interesting show.
He's not going to do that.
And he did what I.
You wouldn't do it.
First of all, why would I debate him on politics?
I mean, how is it clown? He should keep his nose out of politics.
He knows nothing about it.
Well, I just find it.
I think it would be pretty good.
Not going to happen.
All right.
Have a great day.
You too.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
That's like saying, why don't I debate Ish Kabibbel about, you know, the race on Saturday?
Hey.
Do you know that there was a recent answer in Chicago who called himself Ish Kabibbel?
No, I did not know that.
No, you know that.
Because I was going to say about horse racing, but somebody would have caught me on that.
No matter what you say, somebody got out.
Got you.
Got you.
You know that game they play.
There's our poll question today.
Who do you trust the most?
My self-hundred eighty three.
My spouse hundred and thirty six.
I trust nobody.
128.
My parents ninety five.
Neil Rogers fifty four.
My best friend or friends twenty five.
George W. Bush nineteen.
Mohawar david ten.
And my priest rabbi minister only four votes out of six hundred and fifty four.
Pretty lame on the clergy there.
Pretty weak.
Pretty pretty weak.
And what were you saying about the eggs?
I said I could go for something.
He's the Rex.
Why did you give me started with that can't breathe?
Those things are killer.
Those will just send your blood sugar skyrocketing.
Those are like taking at needle that Harry was putting into that purple vein.
Mm-hmm.
That big oozing purple soaring just sticking it right in the middle there.
Never have almond roca.
Are you going to start with that almond brittle again that I turned everybody on to?
Oh, it's that.
Remember that almond brittle.
Oh yeah.
I remember.
Did you get it?
Yes.
They must want to hear about it.
I forgot.
I forgot all about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Miami Buenos dias.
Yo.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
Hey, I'm not sure you're not really too fond of dry.
Is that what you said a couple of minutes?
I'm trying to say I can't stand him as when I said.
Well, here's one movie.
I don't know if you ever saw it was called insert.
It was an all.
It was a movie came out in the about in the mid to late 70s.
It was like the beginning of pornography and trifus was in it.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't want to see.
I don't want to see.
I don't think he answered anything.
Yeah, really.
I don't think he's got anything big enough.
But yeah, it was all about getting that money shot.
It took place in the in the in the 20s or the 30s when pornography was just getting started.
What would it mean in the 20s or 30s?
It started.
It took place in the 20s or the 30s in 1920s.
You know.
And it was it was all about it was all about it was.
Why I see what he was asking was what it was supposed to take place in the 20s or 30s.
I apologize. Yeah. Yeah, but it was it was a strange movie. It was all about point about
Early time. Poor no stars is in fact when I think of what your drivers. I do think of Ron Jeremy
You are very very close thereafter. I don't think of Ron Jeremy when I think of drives
I think it schmucks when I think of drivers
But it was a movie that I saw you know, I thought maybe okay. Thanks. We'll check that out not so who's unusual suspects the usual suspects
Yeah, it's it's good besides Kevin's busy
Scott Benicio Del Toro and
When I see a Del Toro sure gets around you know, yeah, it does it's good
What was that other one I just had in here all shooting guns and shooting blank something like that we have to done
That was the one have a watch there yet. I was at a Western. No, it's it's in modern times
Thank God don't ever recommend to me a Western because that'll be that'll be the end of our social issue at that point
At that point I'm gonna come down here and tell and put the clearance right on your ass by the way speaking about ass. Yeah, I'm all in behind
What do you mean George keeps feeding me like five movies every day for for his movie? You got to catch up
So if you'll notice if you go to the movies page we're leaving you behind
I'm falling into behind. Yeah, you gotta do some more. Don't forget to go to our website today and check out the new mozone
What do you want to I'm telling you that's the name of it the mozone. I love it the mozone layers getting thicker by the minute
Okay, here's the movie recommendations. Well, I don't know how many we can put on there. That is what yeah, did you put drugstore cowboy on mine? I
believe so
I can't even keep track of this thing
latest editions rules of attraction Glendary Glen Ross
Godfather no, you don't have that on there. Jokes took a little. Yeah, it's on the bottom part of it
It's like they're under clockwork orange. Well, let me work on it. Okay, I don't want to do this like you know
And what you want to do is catch me off guard here and I'll put some piece of crap on it
Oh, you see put some garbage on it. Let me this is too important for that think about can't you tell think about it about
I'm doing an a great intellectual way. Let me pop a couple of purples first
27 after one and five sixty WQ I am all I can say is
Homeowners is there anything worse than going out in the back yard to take a nice dip on a hot summer day
And then you look into the pool and you want to puke your guts out like that guy did in the rules of attraction right on her back
Your pool is stained and dirty
Maybe even it has cracks in it like her when your pool doesn't have to be a mess no mole call our friends a Atlantic Marseille
Let them straighten out for you make it look amazing Atlantic Marseille specializing refinishing pools bringing it back to life
Making them brighter and more colorful than ever before and right now Atlantic Marseille is introducing something new and exciting
Called Atlantic Bluebright for over 12 years Atlantic Marseilles beautified pools with the ever popular diamond bright and the makers of diamond bright have developed
Atlantic Bluebright exclusively for the good people at Atlantic Marseilles Atlantic Bluebright is going to leave your pool with a richer
More colorful appearance unmatched by anything on the market in fact
It's going to look so great your friends and neighbors and the enemies will be convinced that you've got a brand new pool
License and insured a real construction company. Don't forget the useful time employees
Not a bunch of illegal aliens with a pickup truck
Atlantic Marseilles family owned and operated thousands of people in South Florida
No, I've come to trust him and love him and use him and they serve all the daybroward in Palm Beach counties
Two Atlantic Marseilles also does a stupidest unbeatable job of deck renovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features
So enjoy the entire summer in your own backyard called Atlantic Marseille today at 1 800 558 883
That's toll free 1 800 5588 83 Atlantic Marseille truly is a pool's best friend
Look this is 4 slow five responding
You ain't way, you ain't.
Taker in his pants.
Ladies and gentlemen, the back-backed at karaoke cafe presents
An almost-way, thank you.
I've got the UN, finest product,
Never really show dumb.
All my poison and my forehead
Now they're caught, never locked under my bed.
Oh, I got the factory-backed and hand-pragged nooks and kitties backpacks.
There's no way you'll make me day.
Hey, callin' power, shoulda looked out at a towel on my head.
God, favor sing along with me, because this is unbelievable, huh?
I've got the United States doing crazy, trying to convince people to attack me.
Except for Sean Penn, of course, who's on my side.
He loves me like crazy, funny little poop.
All get used to a lie by hard knocks when I give you the small pops.
You shoulda loved a little harder.
Silly boss, kiss the touch of this murderer.
Thank you very much.
Please, keep your way to her waiters' house.
134-26-2, mad dog 2-4-2, the saffron,
Noon Hankback in town from Shulas this afternoon.
So anyway, this Easter egg thing's enough to drive you nuts.
Yeah.
So I just looked up Rikwing for a dream and there are two,
and they both have to do with tabby tibans.
You know, the host of the TV show.
Join us in creating excellence.
And the first time I watched it, the first two times,
I never even realized what that stood for.
It's just, join us in creating excellence.
But anyway, here's one of them.
On the main menu, press down on your remote,
which will highlight here, tap these amazing live story,
press enter or play, and watch the TV show Sarah watches in the film.
It's about five minutes long and pretty nifty.
I don't like that.
I got to do that. I got to see that.
I'm a good buy-it.
Well, you got to go to the website then.
Because it'll, it's got it.
But I don't understand why.
Why would they make this an underground thing?
You're spending 20 or 30 or 40 bucks for a DVD.
Exactly.
You want to say something?
In other words, it's a little hidden treasure just to...
Right.
For computer nerds.
Right.
Tech nerds.
Oh, I wonder if rules of attraction's got any.
Since I'm on the list right now.
Ah.
No.
Good. That makes me feel better.
But boy, there are just hundreds, all dozens and hundreds and millions of movies that do.
So there you go.
Look up, uh, Requiem for Dreamy.
You can find Tappy Tibans.
And you actually see the TV show.
I wonder if that includes the part where he comes flying out of the TV.
And we're living room and they do the Kuzanski together, rounder.
That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Five six, five six seven, oh five sixteen.
As far as I'm concerned, anybody who refuses to watch that movie, who doesn't appreciate that movie, you know, you're just wasting space.
You're wasting space.
You're taking up space so that a worthwhile creature could be a user and an heir.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Dr..
Uh-huh.
Any idea how you've seen Train Spotted?
I, actually, they're out of it.
They're, it's not in stock.
The slide identity.
Hey, what is it?
What is it about?
It's a drug movie over in Scotland.
What, there's sure a lot of drug movies, man.
And, uh, you and Rick Ruggers in it.
Yeah.
And, uh, can I get a, uh, quick request?
Maybe.
Uh, the guy in full of you with the rugby and music?
Oh, that's not much of a, that's just a short, like a little thing.
I mean, this place.
Oh, I see.
Nothing works here.
Okay.
The medications don't work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medications don't work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
See, I usually get hostile when, you know, the request, like, a whole bunch of different
stuff.
But in that case, it worked out.
It fit.
And, if the food fits.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Thank God, I didn't have to go to the bedtime stories today, even though I got some real good
ones, because we'd rather haven't go on our website, wouldn't we?
Right.
And read all of that good stuff.
Like intelligence historians says, CIA buckled on Iraq.
Groups decry US Justice Department, gay events ban.
We don't want to say we got a bunch of fascists.
Oh, I like this story.
Vigitory and parent charge amount of nutrition death a five month old in Miami.
You saw that?
Mm-hmm.
Anyone about the cow is farting a lot and destroying the ozone layer?
If you want to help the environment go and shove a cork up a cow's ass, okay?
You'll be doing a tremendous service.
Here's a call from Weston.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, hey, how you doing?
Great.
Are you good?
I just want to know if you ever saw any movies by the screenwriter Charlie Kaufman or have you ever heard of them?
No.
You ever seen any of this stuff?
He did being John Malcovitch adaptation, which came out last year and won a couple Academy Awards.
That's supporting actor, I think.
Have you ever heard of any of his stuff?
No.
I mean, I've heard the names of the movies, but I never heard of him.
I think he's pretty new, but he's been around.
He's a great writer.
I really think you should be adaptation.
Great movie last year.
Nicholas Cage was in it.
He played Charlie Kaufman and his Nick Believe Brother Donald Kaufman.
It was a movie.
His movies are movies about movies.
It's just pretty interesting.
Also, I wanted to know if you ever heard of the movie Dual from 1971?
Yes.
It's a great movie.
Do you know who directed that?
Who did?
Steven Spielberg.
That's right.
That is absolutely correct.
That was a great movie.
That's about it.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
In fact, that movie is kind of like most of the driving you encounter in South Florida every day.
I like the part where they got all these snakes in the cages.
In fact, in Requiem for Dream, when just before the cop comes in and discovers him after the guy from a happiness,
the doctor takes a look at that arm, a hairy arm, and he grabs all the vials of whatever the stuff is there.
And he walks out and then Damon Wands is sitting in the other room, cool, and his heels waiting.
When the sheriff comes in and you look at the people who are sitting in that waiting room, right?
And of course, keep in mind, he said, over 600 miles from New York, that means we got the halfway to go to Florida.
That should pin put it on the map, kind of where they are.
Hi there, the local.
This is Five Cities.
The rain is all yours.
QAM.
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
I don't know why they little voices or their big noses, goofy hats, tiny little meckles.
I don't know, they just rub me the wrong way.
Anti-Semitism lifts in every speech of regpsits in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
Stewing hatred through the halls, busting people's mums of all sits in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch her like an amonora.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One she speaks, I want a cry, she could use a good rap, I get to send the news.
Boy, Hillary hates Jews.
What kind of day is this from a collective?
The best chance, again, elected.
You've married 16 years and never cheated.
What kind of day?
You're not going to be defeated with your help.
I know you should win.
So vote for Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
She's got the guts.
She's stand by her man.
She can't do it.
No one can.
She's blind.
And a lawyer do just think the bar the laws she'll push through.
Get out that bow and ride in.
For Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
Her mate's a goldfish, that's true.
But he ain't the nothing that poor child to try it on you.
You're the kind of day.
The finals he made, but are not high to find as Hillary.
But early vote offence.
For Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Clinton.
She's got the great political wise of history.
The WAP China husband.
Just like Hillary.
A meld and clear patch up.
And even for over next to Hillary Clinton.
They're all outshown.
But early vote offence.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Clinton.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
She's our guy.
The greatest day of Arkansas.
She looks like she got offence.
And a bell-a-law.
And that's totally cool by me.
To vote for Hillary.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Clinton.
All right.
Hillary for president.
And January.
For B.P.
Can you see that?
No.
Forward.
The two of them kicks them answer what, huh?
145 at 560.
And we can also get Donna Shalela back in the cabinet again.
You know, Austin Powers eat your heart out.
He thought he was big time with many me.
Well, we've got many mozo on our website.
Now, where people really have a difficulty in watching the big mozo.
I don't know.
We were having calls at the beginning.
I don't know if it's calm down.
But just in case.
Because now in case you can't, your computers having difficulty in deciphering big mozo.
We've got many mozo for those of you having problems with big mozo.
And then of course, don't forget to scroll beneath that when you see yours truly.
And mo as to as.
That's a lovely thing.
Eat your heart out, Jennifer.
Oh, I noticed that there's one thing.
And not that I want to see it.
There is one thing missing in that ass west picture.
Oh, let me give you a clue.
Yeah, let me give it a clue.
Now, I'll leave it up to your artistic abilities.
See what I can do.
See what you can work out.
How about a submarine sandwich?
Although I will say this.
I don't give clearance to my ideas.
Here is a Lakeworth.
Hello.
Hello.
I just went to the mailbox and you ever heard a Netflix?
Yeah.
I got my copy in the mail at the level of the old NFC 17 rating on a WECLIM.
And every time you see a screen mission on there, it's got to be probably good.
Mm-hmm.
You've ordered a screen mission part.
Yeah.
Well, I haven't heard that doctor's in there from happiness because he was quite interesting in that happiness.
And that being, he was.
He had a few problems, Ryan.
Yeah, it was really fun.
But he also used to, the E-throwing thing is on Netflix too.
They can go take some on there too.
Oh, really?
Yeah, if you go on the Netflix, it's at the E-throwing, way bottom on the left.
Because you get the feeling it's almost supposed to be like a secret that only the computer nerd types are supposed to know about it.
Nick more money.
How do they make more money?
People will buy him just for that.
Freaks.
Oh, I see. Yeah, good point.
Okay, thanks, Polly. Enjoy it.
Yeah, there are Easter eggs, not just in movies, but also in computers.
There is a whole list when you go to the eX.com.
Did you see it?
Yep.
And there's Easter eggs under your bed all over the place.
I didn't even know.
In fact, Clarence said he had a couple under his one under each armpit.
And when it comes in tomorrow, which is payday, he's going to see if, if a Venerable wants to get his looks or not.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line.
Here's Parkland. Hello.
Parkland?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Great.
The IMDB.
Instead of searching and scrolling through movies, if you know the name of two actors that have appeared in it,
you can search by the two actors and it will pull up all the movies they appeared in together.
Really?
Yeah, cut down your search time having to scroll and scroll and scroll.
I mean, like Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, for example.
Type their names together and the search thing and it'll come up with all the movies they've had anything to do with, produced, directed, starred in whatever.
I'll be damned.
Maybe a lot of time.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
Yeah, the top 350 movies is loaded by our users.
Now we're only going to read what?
The top 175th.
Now, just to give you an idea.
The Godfather's number one.
How do you like that?
We're very pleased with that.
The Godfather's number one.
The Bing-Your-Blood-Ebrans-O-L-O-V-E-N-I-S-I-Releaf-Soo.
Right.
Oh, I love that.
The Bing-Your-Blood-Ebrans-O-L-O-V-E-N-I-S-I-Releaf-Soo.
Charge-Hank Redemption's number two, which everybody raves about how great it is.
Why more than I watch it?
Because Jason, who used to work in our sports department, and finally graduated and grew up and got out of there,
he gave me the tape of that, which I still have somewhere, and he's never going to get back.
I think you just hate Morgan Freeman.
Oh, I thought Denzel Washington was in it.
No, I like Morgan Freeman a lot.
He's a great actor.
Tim Robbins Morgan Freeman, a cast.
Tim Robbins is great.
Oh, I don't want to forget.
This month, this is the month that Tim Robbins movie is coming out on the DVD.
Now, what else in it?
And also, Ed Wood.
What's the Tim Robbins movie?
You know what I'm talking about where he gets elected president, or he's running for...
You know the one who...
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
What is the name of that?
Oh, am I going to have to go online and check that out?
This is enough to drive you crazy, man.
It's enough to, like, have you went to the Tushin Line to get shot therapy?
Oh, I will say this, Sarah's hair was a lot neater at the end.
Neat as an interesting number.
Neat as high.
Neat, neat, and more ways than one thing.
Tight and white.
At least you got rid of that orange.
A Godfather Part II was number three.
So you got two Godfathers in the top three, and I think that's sensational.
I think that's excellent.
I know where you trade off.
You broke my heart.
Lord of the Rings, you broke my heart.
Shut up.
Lord of the Rings number four.
Shindler's List Five, another one of those...
Some sort of a Jew movies.
I won't watch that stuff.
It's excellent.
It's Godfather Good.
Shindler's List is Godfather Good.
Yes.
Are you, have you lost your census?
Well, I can say that.
It's about the Holocaust.
It's about Shindler and the century.
Oh, you see the thing about when Bush, a few days ago, was it Auschwitz?
I don't know.
Do you see those clips on the news?
No.
And he had a tear in his eye and he was probably thinking,
gee, how come he let so many get away?
That must have been what was crossing his mind.
He wasn't crying for the victims.
It has a blank in number six.
Citizen Kane Seven.
Now, see, that's got a bother with that it's in there,
but at least it's not number one.
Like so many of these lists.
These only single intellectual lists.
Then there's one.
I don't think I can say this on the air.
Shichin and here.
No.
Well, that's a Japanese thing.
I don't think so.
No.
Shichin and no samurai.
If you do, you'll clean it up.
That's number eight.
That's the eighth best movie of all time, Cornuwa.
I am a DB.
Star Wars 9.
Dr. Strangelove 10.
Kukuuznest 11.
Memento No. 12.
And we're window 13.
Bob Roberts, I think, is the movie worth thinking about.
Ah, thank you very much.
But let me write it down to make sure.
Bob Roberts and Ed Wood.
I knew both of them.
Bob Roberts.
Isn't this funny that two of the movies I'm just dying to get
are both like names of guys?
Just that.
I saw a little bit of Bob Roberts.
Just the ass end of it with Tim Roberts.
And Susan Sarandon also was in it, isn't she?
Check it.
Back when they were having the big flamp about that.
Because of the fact that, ah, you remember all of that stuff.
Wow, if you're against the war, you're run American.
That was with the major league baseball hall of fame and coopers down.
Remember that crap?
Ah, assholes.
Because if you're a sports nerd, you have to be right wing.
I mean, if it's, uh, then let's say that we're in the Constitution, I believe.
Oh, yeah.
My name's Daniel Law.
We're sports radio fighters.
U-A-M.
Two-pack.
They just increased us to higher alert status.
Hope no one blows up my brand new Dodge Travis.
I bid a Rex's they gave us the news.
Popping value with a big glass of booze.
I keep a gas mask in my glove compartment.
I called Remax for a bomb roof apartment.
Reinforce my front door with senior blocks.
Wonder if that will keep up the smallpox.
Checking my mail for that deadly white powder.
Stalking my covers with cables clamped shouder.
Living on orange alerts, you're ain't no fun.
I think the terror is already one.
I can't take it.
I won't make it.
If it goes to red.
Oi.
I'll pull the covers up over my head.
And she'll stay in bed.
I wish I would.
157 at 560 WQAM.
Got a lot of votes on the polls.
A very weak poll question today.
But what can I tell you?
741 votes.
Who do you trust the most?
Myself 212.
I trust nobody 149.
My spouse 148.
My parents 108.
Neal Rogers 57.
My best friend or friend 28.
George W. Bush 24.
Oh my god.
3.2%.
You silly people.
Moe Howard David 11.
And my priest rabbi or minister only 4.
Out of 741 votes only 4.
Trust their rabbi priest or minister the most.
Here's open park.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I wanted to chime in on your program.
You want to hog the program.
You want your own god damn show.
Why not get up like 4.30 in the morning and you can come in and get on the moe show.
Okay you maniac you.
You lunatic over and over and over again.
All you got to do is give him like one mention the tiniest bit of encouragement like your constantly doing George.
Oh no.
Woo man.
Talk about a fruit cake.
Now see when a call from Miami's online 9.
I always have to raise 2 eyebrows.
That's Maui.
It's what?
Oh Maui I thought it said Miami.
Here's Maui. Hello.
No I'm in a real beach now.
Well I'll be doing.
Well you sure getting around.
Well I already went through New Zealand and I'm hitting Maui a couple of days and I'm home I'll be home next week.
But it's just been on my mind George.
Why did you want to know about the Haka?
Hey that Polynesian site you told me about they got nothing.
Nothing I wanted.
Did my friend RJ contact you because he's from Maui New Zealand or I could do that.
This sounds like a personal George call for like off the hour.
What are we going to do?
George was asking about the Haka.
I mean I know George knows nothing about rugby.
He's none of that.
No but I saw them do the Haka.
I saw the rugby team do the Haka.
I want Haka videos.
Do the Haka?
The Haka is a native New Zealand Maui war dance that the Rug, the National Rug.
Strangest thing you'll ever see if you live to be a thousand.
Really?
But they always do it before they play the Real National matches against any other team.
And it's the real thing.
It's a New Zealand Maui war.
It's something to see but you can't get a bit.
I want a full blown Haka on a video by anyone.
Traditional dress, the rugby team anybody.
George I will find it for you.
I hear they're going to have one on the iron shaft as weekend is what I'm hearing.
Okay listen I have a safe trip back Pali.
I'll talk to you later.
Thanks.
What the hell was that all about?
Haka.
Okay we got the mad dog Jim Mandage 2-4 this afternoon.
The Humper is back at town at Chula's 4-7 this afternoon.
Bye bye bye!
Hey it's Howard.
Howard David.
