And is do you have the story about the you emma rape the got a guy rape by another guy? Oh Jesus tell me down in Neil
I don't know that story George told me the angel array was laughing about on channel for this morning
We've been scouring to find the story we can't find it. I haven't heard anything about that
This place has been just fascinated with the bill par cells win last night and the word that I'm here
And is that Moe is jealous as well. I hear so jealous that he stole all the papers in the studio this morning
He's so cheap. I cannot believe he took the newspapers
Let me spend 35 cents their Howard
Yeah, I'm doing my spent old New York Jews that we yes
He took the newspapers
You get to be his age when you get to be like close to 90 and you move to bulk of your supposed to be cheap and old
Listen the I need to advice. I'm doing my receipts from my trip to Vegas
Is there any inside information I should know when a cuz what when you do?
Yeah, I'm glad that you can you start it with talking about your receipts because money is the name of the game today
I guess who's getting screwed speaking of the story we're just talking about guess who's getting screwed big time your close
Personal friend Scott juniors taking it up the back home from the beesleaves and Greg read and clearance and all these liars at our radio station
And we're gonna go on a campaign they don't they don't want to pay him. I have no comment. I was gonna ask you about the
They've already asked me to shut up about that issue, but and I answered their request
But my question is when you do your numerous
I answer every question you ever asked me every one of them. I'm not a freaks ending
Who the hell do you think went in there and fought for him to begin with right?
Okay, I've already gone in there so many times and said they're doing him that they finally told me to shut the f up
Did they really yeah, well I tell him screw you guys know I don't you know listen?
I'm going to eat a steak today. I'm sure I got I got two grand in receipts here
I got two random receipts here. I need to know how to do this so that I get put it all in everything
Don't even leave it making the kind of money they're paying me and I have no idea why but when you're making this kind of money
I don't put anything on paper. I got my own radio
I don't know I pay for everything until I started working here. I pay for my paper. I pay for my toner. I pay for everything
I pay for everything too, but it's not like I have to pay for anything because this place is a dump
But I don't have any when you kind of money make them pay
Yeah, that's right the beesley still had the first two nickels they ever earned I believe that
The only money that they ever spent was up to buy the banjo so they could sit up in the tree and have played melodies back to
Me
See that the guy in deliverance that was one of the beesley's I got that movie
Reversible about the rape and you talk about the rape on the UM campus
You should see that movie that George turned me on to have some chicken right my god
I started I was on the airplane. I thought I was gonna poop my pants
I got the playboy TV cranked up here just in case anyway
I'm sorry to hear about your colleague in there. I've been fighting for many years for the the better hood of my
A civilian friends and colleagues
Losing Scott Jr. There. I mean look let's face it. He's trying to move the Tampa like they give an aff if he moves to Tampa
It's not a new position. We already had the incoherent one before who was getting paid believe it or not
I think the guy that I did to receive his life
Exactly that's the one we had to fire his ass and so we brought a Scott in there and he's it's the same position
But now they're saying well, you know, and they're all these budgetary cuts that we can't put these these shows up every day
Sober and produces we can't put a train monkey in there to do the job
Only probably be a little bit more conversant. I think you should let me live in your house in
Plantation and take care of it. I think the guy that's taking care of it now is not doing an adequate job
I think you need to give me the quirk bed in the house. I'll only stay there when you're not in town
Which is always I'll give you a quick answer
No, how about I offer you a bunch of money? No, how about I clean your car every day for the rest of your life
No, no, you could lick the car
How about if I send you 16,000
Clondike bars. I can't afford to have a degenerate life. How about I buy you a Toronto Maple Leaf season ticket pack?
It was the kind of the Bonserie because I gave you an addition to
Hockey news and the gay pride magazine in fact that's really the only reason they hired you was to make me look better by comparison
I don't think I wanted to you the only broadcaster in America
They could find who's more perverted than I just want to contribute to the greatness of you and really I already know
I'm an asshole, but I want to contribute to your great irritable bowel now the suction
So heavy duty. I'm gonna have to make a quick run
You only get that looseness at how he's baby. Yeah, you know, you're joking about that
But the truth of the matter is do you remember when I was down there the week and they brought you
Would know because you were paying attention they brought like about 70 strips of bacon with my name on
I remember you had it all over your face and I ate all of it. I know that was impressive
I'm still not recovered from I fried my gut
You're killing me. I eat with no utensils at all and I drink syrup
Yeah, this is the only guy that ever saw eat pancakes and their waffles with no
When I go to Canada, I just stick my lips on a tree and I just suck real hard so that I can have just maple face
I don't want to screw up your lunch at choules today
But I actually a little bit reluctant when you go into a restaurant and they bring you the menu on a football
Doesn't that like kind of I don't know even a sports nerd like you I'm just concerned that I
They that actually they go
The swing club or they serve dinner and go in and they bring you like they bring you the menu on a gigantic penis
I think man it's just gonna try to push mission
I mean you can't throw him back but he's he's always getting ahead of himself
I never actually had a football in my ass or a large penis near my face
I'm thinking I don't believe that you've never had a large penis near your face
Not not really near my face. No, I haven't had a large penis near my face
But I've had my penis near faces
Yeah, I've delivered a couple of as I call him before
You know a surfboards to the lip
Old trolls
Costella they got it fixes nothing right? Yeah, Luke Costello. Oh, oh, I think you meant we got to get fixing in here to put up our new Oreo basketball
Oops, we got Oreos coming out our ass up here. Don't you like chocolate sugar man?
What about Scott Jr.? You think we can salvage this deal or not come on
If he even mentions lawyer or he threatens to move dumb move, I think he should what we should do is
I think he should just start sleeping at Duff's house until he does money
Oh, show up at Duff's house tonight and telling me hungry. Oh, yeah
Dad, he had a open invitation for him. I don't know what he meant. I think he should
Great. I think he should try to get into the back seat of Clarence's car when Clarence is driving
I think he should blind for the parents sounds good. I think that might get him in tight
I think he should ask Clarence if he wants to go to sheolus today for a stake on the abesley credit card
Yeah, maybe they can cheer some Tinder meat. You have to be great
I'm over there and rack up another big build today and turn that in on jen's ass down
Make those beasley's
Here's the latest story
Some guy over there in sales accused me of inviting drunks to the qa m luxury box
Excellent. I never invited anybody anywhere
I'm all for it. I don't invite anybody anywhere
You're not pulling us okay?
Tee-tee-tee-tee-tee-tee-tee
Turns out the guy they said that I did that too is a psychopath
I don't know they said he was in a rubber room and I'm about 10 30 have a great day, guys
Listen Neil remember thanks for breaking the story about the dead guy yesterday
This is the study five. I listen to your Rogers because I could hear the word asshole you from the makers of co-tics
It's fiber-tics
The super absorbersly and convenience you expect from co-tics
But with three speed vibrating action now that turns a week of mood swings bloating and cravings into a week of smiles
Squeals and shutters of delight
Fiber-tics each insert has a built-in mini vibrator powered by an energizer watch battery that keeps going and going and going
Just for the string to change speeds from
to
to
So the next time your special friend pays you a visit put a smile on her face from the makers of co-tics its
Fiber-tics just wait for the box that keeps jumping up and down on the shelf
1009 at 560 wq. I'm got to add some of the into the first hour ready nice god Scott appreciate the help
Anyway, we almost have to do the first break now, you know what I don't let's go and we are really pull intensive man
We got pulls up the but I guess love you can relate to that
I think this is the hour that they only put the music in the back. No, we don't have to worry about the words
Right
I'm playboy kidney. That's okay, right?
Yeah, sure what's wrong with that?
I never read anything yet. Yeah, you see what you see the picture it's on here right now
You'd you'd say hey, I got a headache. I got a leaf at any rate the poor yesterday
Who's the coolest of them all which well-known person best defines the word cool?
And did I have it or what 1139 votes had my thumb right on it as usual? I had to win her
Jack Nicholson by almost a hundred votes 205 for Jack
Clenestwood 108 Johnny Depp 105 who have to 105
Bill Clinton 103 Christopher walk in 71 and look at that neo-riders and Jim Manage
All right a flatfooted tie which had 69 which I think there's something significant about that 69 votes
And you want to know why because we're like partners were partners in crime in the 10 to 3 times slot
That must be it
Although my dog went on there very late so and you know if he would have been on it early
He'd fact he just passed me 70 to 69
A Robert De Niro 59 George Carlton 50 Snoop Doggie dog 41 Scott from out 34. I'm surprised at that
Was that thought he was mr. Cool least he does George Rodriguez 23 Michael Moore 21 Joe Perry 19 Steve Tyler 17
That's that's ridiculous
Dennis Hopper uh 17 David Beckham the soccer player 13 and soundwaters 10 out of 1142 vote a lot of votes
Lot of votes mad dog edges me out by one. I thought I was as cool as
42 pounds of elephant steaming elephant estimate when you think um steamy
That's how cool. I've so anyway. They hero finally discovered the Don Cox passed away
We'll get to that. They got a story son settle knows nothing even though muff told me he called Tom jicke
What do you call him in asshole
And I said yeah, you know duffer once you write Don Cox party
Yeah, died in his sleep. Yeah, I say one thing. He was only 55
Yeah, but if you're gonna go that's the way to go when you agree with him. Oh, no
Well, I think that's everybody's desires like just just I don't know where not to go through any kind of like serious illness ahead of time
All kinds of pain and just all of a sudden one day you don't wake up eat to that or explosion
I was thinking that could happen to somebody we know tomorrow
Gang rape is funny Bobby open the door
What do you want? What are you doing in there? I know you're doing something
He's up in his room walking under his new delp
Are you online again?
Music from caissons
I don't want you doing anything on the island. I'm doing my homework
Well
Was trouble when the fed are rallies knocked on little Bobby's door
Through his little body in a squad car it hold him away
They find in
Your allowances
Oh
And he's not
And he's got no idea what he's done
Oh
It's still stealing Bobby is wrong
I'm
Yes today, but at least the herald has got the story
veteran soft-floated this jock he don't Cox passes away
Died in a sleep Monday morning in Atlanta said friend and former colleague kid curry program director of power 96
Cox on the radio as he was known had been living with his mother. He was 55. That's depressing to me
Yep, that doesn't sound like a real party
He didn't wake up curry said
Cox's gravelly voice in fact
Yeah, I don't think probably for all is know who that was
But I think there's a little similarity there. I mean for all's more gravity than anybody who's ever been on the air
But there's a little similarity don't you think absolutely incoherent little booze a lot of booze
I don't know any of yours up drug
What's that I mean, I don't know that for a fact
Cox's gravelly voice and sometimes body on air persona made him a star DJ for three decades in soft-floated
The Sun Sentinel. Oh, hasn't discovered he died yet even though a month called Tom jicke
Tom you're an idiot you continue having no interest in anything. It's going on in the local area
It's all these puff pieces about network TV shows where they wind and down your little bald ass out there in LA
It's pathetic. It's tragic
I mean when even a Harold beats you out by a whole addition to got this whole story in there by Howard Cohen good Jewish boy
Cox came to prominence in soft-floored on y 100 in 1973 when the Johns
Dominated the top stations playlist
Elton John oh
This come from Elton John John Denver and Olivia Newton John. What is that?
Well, like I said this Howard Cohen man. I think he too many stale
Hallevas
He worked briefly in Los Angeles of hide of disco in 1977
When disco died and urban rhythms arrived Cox followed the beat back to soft-floating we turned to y 100
Then to contemporary hit radio power 96 in 1986
In 2001 he ended his soft-floored attendee with a brief four-month stint at kiss FM kiss country
After throatsurge read WKIS chose not to renew his contract and he moved to Georgia to care for his mother
It's always said when a friend who has so much talent and who was such a loving father and ice-guide dies
Curry said in the phone interview from power 96 that too had recently spoken curry said and Cox sounded fine
He told him already
Yeah, I feel for his kids. It's just a shot curry said Cox had two children in the stepdaughter was his fourth wife March Cox
Cox was known for his on and off the eradix
He was the quintessential rock and roll DJ said Bill Tanner what who has previous program director for while
170s and power 96 and 80s hired Cox at both stations. I heard that Tanner like Cox
Perhaps inspired by tv's wacky sitcom WKRP and Cincinnati
Tanner and Cox came up with a novel idea
The DJ would broadcast his first power 96 show live from a top-of-former
Coppertone billboard North Miami Beach. Remember that?
Nope, I don't need to accept that the mechanical arm that made the dog pulled bullet girls blue bathing suit down
Cox on the head forcing the DJ off the ear into the hospital
All right, he was always having things like that happening to him
He was such a character Tanner said personal problems threatened in derailless career
In 1991 he was arrested for drunken driving had his license suspended for six months in 1986
This is the thing I was talking about yesterday
In 1986 he claimed he was beaten by four men who abducted a man for his airship on former WNZ FM
And I was a there. It used to be I 95 by the way Howard who you don't know what you're writing about I 95
He didn't file a police report
I remember that very vividly. Let's see 86. I was working at I and Z on an AM
Okay, and there was this whole strange thing about the claim to be abducted and beaten up
Of course, he didn't have a scratch on him, which is kind of strange
In 1980 he was charged with cocaine trafficking and served four months despite those setbacks
If you look back at the history of South Florida radio
I think Don's name will always be remembered said Adam Jacobson editor with the LA Trade Magazine Radio and records
He spoke to two generations of South Floridaians
Everybody knows Cox on a radio anybody's been in town more than like five months
Right
For sure. This is going to get Moe upset. Oh, here's the story. All right. Thank goodness all right
Gonna get Moe upset. We're talking about dead people in fact
I'm doing that whole series of polls not the first one we're gonna do today
But the whole series of polls thanks to two things Mike and coconut Creek write a good poll a suggestion on a facts and the fact that we know that
Moe gets apoplectic over the fact that we talk about dead people
I know one could be next mo
Absolutely, but at any rate
At last time we did that South Florida radio dead personalities thing he went he went ballistic and the good news speaking of all of that
The good news is since he's so wild about the fact that everybody listens to this show and virtually nobody listens to his
Is the fact that the trend the ratings are coming out Thursday 11 30 a.m. Oh, I think it's gonna be gigantic
I really go out on the limb, you know, right?
I think it's gonna be big because it's gonna be June, July and August
Which is three months of us being back 10 to two three months of for all is delete in and being on as part of that morning show
I think we're gonna kick some big big bloody ass even
Never saw bloody ass like that. So here's the story
There was concern on the campus of the University of Miami this morning after police say a male student was sexually assaulted
Police had the teenage victim who was accompanied by his parents reportedly assaulted the University of Miami's Department of Public Safety
Wednesday
Well today's Tuesday, so this is almost a week. It took this to get channel 10 news
Coral Gebels police sex crimes investigators were called and began investigation
Police say the teenager was showering in the men's locker room at the campus's wellness center on Tuesday when he was assaulted by an adult male
You don't think it could have been clear and still
It says adult male. Oh, how about the beast he's a big male
I'm trying to think of anybody who's a UN groupie who might be hanging around on campus lurking in the showers
Waiting for an opening
In the wake of the assault University officials are beefing up security
See it could be the beast they're beefing up
Security administrators have also sent out emails alerting students about the attack
student Ali Rubin says she won't be taking any chances when she go through the gym
We're gonna go together to the gym or else I just bring my towel with me or get dressed here
She said I'm not gonna use the locker room now. I mean, that's kind of scary
You go in there and do your own stuff and you get raped at it. That's messed up said student Eric Firestone
Right now the only details police are releasing about the attackers that he's described as six feet tall with blonde hair. I guess that's not to be
Investigators are asking anybody with information concerning this attack to call crime stoppers at 305
471 tips
471 8477
471 tips. Oh, that's not a plan. Words is there. Oh, God. Well, it's just what it says here
I'm just doing my duty man to try to alert for the mad rapist on the event campus
About six feet tall mo 8. No six feet tall without the man who wore his blonde piece that day, you know
That's good point could be could have been the moment
Absolutely, he's bigger than that whole rap thing. Maybe he's just trying to get even now for always being on a receiving end
In fact, I asked mad dog. I said if Moe had been a football player like you were a position
You think he would have been wide receiver
It's better to give them to receive just see mad dog was a tight end Moe says would have been the wide receiver
26th pan okay, here's the first pool today the other one and again
Thanks to Mike and coconut Creek you've inspired me for all hope for days on end
What's let's face it? That's what this town is into. That's the meat and potatoes of this show of life
That is polls man. We like our poll
Here's the first poll today, which will be up. It's already up there
Look at that now they've discovered it and you win today so far who's the biggest nerd of them all we did yesterday
Who's the coolest who is the biggest nerd of them all when you think of the word nerd
Who's name pops into your mind
Adam Sandler was my vote
Rick Riley
Carrot top and Bill Gates those are the ones we have under to start with
So far Bill Gates got 14 votes of the first 26 who discovered the poll was up
Carrot top five Adam Sandler four and Rick Riley's got three
What you think Rick Riley has a disadvantage because most people don't know who the hell he is anymore?
Yes, that's right. Yeah, boy. Can I play some bits?
We can play I just might be inspired to do that
26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM if you're looking for a really great new playstead breakfast lunch or dinner
Let me tell you about Vick and herbs one of the treasures for my hometown of Rochester, New York
I could throw a brick from arm sitting right now in Toronto across the lake to Rochester right across like Ontario
Go do it. Vick and herbs has been around. I might just try it since 1934 they've been doing it right
They're located on federal highway
Just south of Howard Boulevard of the tunnel on the east side
Vick and herbs is a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before fast food. I'll add junk
Go and enjoy a hamburger or hot dog served the old-fashioned way hot fresh and fast
Vick and herbs was brought to for Lauderdale by the same guys feeding you cheaper grocery
burger
Vick and herbs uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper
G.E. burger and offers an incredible quarter pound hot dog too a big fat one
What makes big and herbs is different from anybody else in town
They're burgers and dogs who served with a big signature meat sauce port on top giving you a combination of flavors available
No place else in town. They'll make your kisky sing if you're looking for something else to try
Vick and herbs has got lots of great dishes. They got a great breakfast menu
Omelettes cooked to order friends toast pancakes all your favorite good stuff go buy Vick and herbs and see what all
I'm talking about them. I was so popular in Rochester for a
Acunes age
Vick and herbs they're on federal highway just south of the Howard Boulevard on the tunnel on the east side
And be sure and tell them that old Rochesterian eel sent you by to Vick and herbs
Oh
This is 420 devices
Q.A.M
Neil got out WQM
Where the bag is
I have usually the show
You see the show where everyone's ever know
Everyone's
They're all with on the scams
I'm flammable for Joe's phone
Nice to win all the games
To win all the games
Workin' everyone's name
And everyone's name
But he don't have a clue that it's not true
We'll go down and play
When he finds out it'll be a shock
The last time he finds out it's not true
But nobody will see
Nobody will see
As it sounds by singing
He's a judge
Go up the stairs for staff
But in a movie trap
But nobody will see
Nobody will see
As it sounds by singing
Now do you think that's kind of like a
Silent tribute there to John Ritter?
I say silent because it doesn't say anything about three's company
Well we get it
But we all get it
Don't we get it?
Good if you don't get it too bad
By the way, Scott better get paid starting our next week
Scott Jr
We have this big controversy going on
I got so much other cramp going on here
I don't want to leave that out
But the beesleaves are trying to like play fast
And lose with our emotions on this show
Always try to give us as little as possible
Always try to give us as
Nothing because that's all we do
We don't have to be hopeful old man
We get that
We don't do a sports show
That's number one so we're small potatoes
And number two
Well they're paying the all of that money
What are paying the all that money
Because I'm making a million of dollars
That's why they're paying the all that money
Has nothing to do with anything
If they weren't paying zillions of dollars
So the broadcast rights for all these damn sports teams
Most of which nobody cares about
Including even the great marlins
Then maybe they wouldn't have such a tight budget
You know what all the money that they're building
Oh we're the number one builder in the market
Yeah well how come you're so god damn cheap
That's the question everybody wants to know
With all these budget cuts
Take care of Scott okay Clarence
And quit taking a lot of crap from Greg
Greg's excuse yesterday
Was he was all busted up about his good buddy Don Cox passing away
Always got some excuse you know
Do you really believe that?
Do I believe it does anybody believe that?
Well I mean kid curry was a lot tighter with Don Cox
Than Greg Readever will be even though Greg tried to rehab
And there would at par kiss kiss that pen thing
But in the meantime I saw kid curry came to work
Yes they didn't he he did sure they did
Yes he did
Yes he did see
Misinformation again
Just another excuse to just stonewalling
A Scott I told it that all along
You're just delaying and delaying
And they're hoping you're just stupid enough
To keep showing up without getting paid
Well we've come to the fork in the road
We've come to that line drawn in the sand
And I'll tell you one thing if there's nobody sitting in the room next
Week you sure as heck can't do both things
You can't be in two places at the same time
I can't be in three places at the same time
So we could have like just the audio from Playboy TV
And those thoughts
Yeah I'm sure they'll get on
Right
You know I could just load them all up
That's what's sucking your own fingers
Cool
I beg your pardon
I could load them all up in one giant brake
Yeah we could just take one giant brake each arm
I'm sure the clients would like that real good
Yeah your spot's gonna be one kind of like on a Howard's sperm show
One out of about 500 spots in a row
16 times 4 is
Is 64 right 64
So there's the first hour is all the spots
Oh man
And then we go to do it
Get him some money okay
The amount of money we're talking about is so embarrassing
The little that's that's the really a sad part
If we're talking about real money
I mean we're talking peanuts
Nobody told him that yet
Of course they might have to pawn the banjo over there in Naples to get the money to pay Scott
That'll never have a shaper
This is an excellent choice for our poll today
Paul shaper how do we leave him out
I can't stand him
Although he has a wife you know
And he's head of a sexual
But he's one of the faggiest, nerdiest people I've ever seen
Paul shaper
People you would
That you know that's another great poll for some day
Don't let me forget it right it down
People who you think
How do you worded our think our game but it turns out that at least they're married or something like that
Which doesn't prove it out we got time you know what I'm talking about sure people like Paul shaper people like Rob Lowe people like Tom Cruise people
Uh that just generally everybody thinks is a fact great people who you are sure our game
We can put straight in quotes
Okay, well I'll work on awarding you're not too good on the word
Non-specific terrorism rumor unsettles Miami
And you wouldn't even hear about this didn't you know I didn't
Should I be worried?
Well, you don't live in my mother. You're like right on the borderline
Be afraid
Exactly
The Miami Police Department yesterday alerted the public to the possibility of a terrorist attack in a move city and police
Officials said was designed to lay the fears of some residents and business owners who were alarmed by rumors of an attack this week
I only passed this long as information. We don't want to get anybody panicky
In a warning issued late yesterday afternoon police said the FBI had received a threat last we can pass it under authorities in Miami
Although the FBI did not consider the threat credible police spokesman Del Rish Moss said the department took it seriously
We got
What did I do they have that on the trees
Del Rish Moss yeah, oh, it's an Australian variety. It imported along with a pooh toads from South America
We got information from the FBI during the latter part of the week that we should be extra cautious in the greater
Miami area
Specifically downtown
Because they had gotten non-specific non-confirmed information that warranted them giving us a threat warning
Moss said they weren't able to give us anything specific. I wonder if he's kind to Randy Moss
Moss said the threat mentions of possible terrorist attack for today
Wednesday or Thursday
As a precautionary said police became more active over the weekend
But did not inform the public of the threat
We decided we'd step our up our efforts in the adjust in the abundance of caution and not do anything to alert or alarm the public
Because we didn't have anything to give them Moss said we won't go with the specifics about what the extra steps are because we don't want to give away our plans
The threat received by the FBI was reported by a person outside of Miami said Judy or a well FBI
I spoke to woman in Miami feel agents in Miami did not investigate the claims
She said or a well as said she didn't know whether FBI or another agency had investigated the tip but that FBI headquarter said it wasn't credible
Wow, don't you feel better now? No
We passed the information on even though we deemed the information not credible or a way less said everything is taken seriously pretty much nowadays just in case
Just and in an abundance of caution
By Monday word of the potential terrorist activity in downtown Miami had begun to spread so much that police began receiving calls from alarm downtown
Binance people Moss said he'd heard some businesses were evacuated police were not involved
How do you like that some business or is it were evacuated?
We didn't look out like that because you're not in Miami you're like almost to the brow
Or like you could run from there to the brow or line
Time me the alert issued late in the day said the department would take extra precautionary measures over the next three days to ensure public safety
Police asked by me residents to go about their everyday activities said they did not recommend that anyone
All through their daily routine. However, however
The alert asked residents remain vigilant to terrorist activity and reports suspicious persons are activity to law enforcement
Okay, remain vigilant
City commissioner Joe Sanchez who first learned of the threat yesterday afternoon said the police absolutely
Did the right thing any threat should be taken seriously Sanchez said what happens if you don't put out the advisory and something happens that burns us
We don't want to do that in other words Joe saying they recovered our ass
It burns right such tear related tips plentiful since the night. I love it attacks often probably without merit or reala said
They think they're doing the right things you said of the Miami police warning you want to air on the side of caution
But nobody get panicky because it's just don't have no credibility
But it could be today tomorrow or Thursday
But probably not I think we should evacuate the building just to be on the safe side
I think we should just evacuate dig one too late everybody take a big dump
Now we did mine. You already done yours right how about Scott Scott probably can't afford to take a dump because he's not eating these days
Very much when you can't they got no two nickels to rub together
When you're not getting paid by a bunch of cheap rednecks god it's it's scary
And this business that they told for all the shut up about it. What kind of crap is that?
He actually for all the bluster he gives out
He's at least intelligent enough to know when to back off a little you know what I'm saying
He's got that survival thing now after getting canned many many times absolutely
cholesterol lowering drugs remember I put it this was that dr. McCulley cullkin the Kilmer whatever his name is yes
That great book about the folic acid and the b vitamins and homo cysteine and I know my homo man
But that probably was the best book on health. I've ever read my I'm not gonna go into this because I know it's very boring
But it just passing it along for your information
I will put some playboy music in the background just to make it a little more titillating okay
cholesterol lowering drugs may do more harm than good
That's a new British Columbia study and the big thing on a paper is here this morning about it probably in a paper is there maybe
Right behind the orbits
cholesterol and it's like so core and lovest it lovestatin and what did you know?
Nevercore
Yeah, you know, you see him on TV all the time to spend billions of dollars peddling this crap
Just like my doctor my doctor dick was to have me take that so core which then I read the side the side effects
I said I don't think so and I read that book by McCulley Kilmer caulkin whatever his name was what's the name of that book
By oh, yeah, I don't know. It's down there somewhere
But anyway, he said that these drugs are all varied that the side effects are much much much much more dangerous in addition
Which it's not the cholesterol that kills you. It's the bad cholesterol. So home. It's the home. Oh, what is ever ever it is?
Yeah, that's the
Home levels in your system. I'm telling you right now
If this is just another scam by the pharmaceutical companies to sell all these so-called statin drugs. Oh, yeah
Okay, I'm just don't stop taking it if you're taking it based on my account
But you might want to do a little reading on this today. Okay, and find out that these I another one those areas don't get panicky
But when it doubt check it out before you pop another one of those things in your post
1041 at 560 wqa. I'm gonna add some names to the days pull
We got this other series of polls
I'm gonna read Mike's facts from coconut creek when we come back and I explained to this other thing
We're gonna be doing just mainly to piss off Moe
Is he gets psychotic over the fact we have this gigantic listening audience talking about dead people
Well, you'll never guess Moe who they'd like to have on the list next
I give you a 4000 guesses in the first 3999 don't count
18 to 11 at 560 wqa. We got the mad dog the highly popular the wildly popular gym man
It's right before this afternoon the mad dog Hank Goldberg 4 to 630 the Humper with the Rob Conrad our 5 to 6
You got 630 Marlins on direct big game probably the biggest game of the season
Would you Scott absolutely
Absolutely the whole series matter for the mobile but this one you take them one at a time
The marlins have a game and a half lead in the wild card on the Phillies, but they're in Philadelphia at night
705 if they win that they're in good shape any K at 10 after the baseball game
Joanne Mark over night 2 to 5 and a.m. Thursday 11 30 in the morning the trends come out
It's gonna be a pressure pack
You've got to be able to smell the
Romov gigantic stool from coast to coast when that those numbers come out. You know what?
Don't you think I think and then of course the month following that like late
Noctober when the whole summer book comes out holy crap man
Wow when the hour by hour it is gonna be a shower of power
And it's gonna be right in there. So he's gonna flip his piece by now. You've been here me talk for a long time for a
Kunz age about laminets or us and how
Laminate wood flooring from laminets or us is the easy to smart the low maintenance alternative to very very expensive natural wood flooring
Laminets or us is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor Pergo Wilson art Uniflor and Quickstep
They got all the top names in the universe all installed by Pergo certified installers to here's another reason why to be calling
Laminets or us their prices are so low they'll absolutely for you put your ass right on the floor
Right now you can get their September kickoff special for just
$1995 that's absolutely correct sir and ma'am
Just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring
Unbelievable and laminets or us will match any legitimate written offer too
For a free in home estimate
Call laminets or us toll free and 1 877 777
333 I'm trying to get their attention see oh yeah get column toll free and 1 877 777
733 36 what could be easier they give you free carpet disposal free for nurture moving at 25 year warranty
And years and years of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring call laminets or us today and tell me a horny old
Neal told you to call 1 877
777 33
36
Holy mackenon this is Joe ball in the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neal god
Hello sports fans I'm Ozzy Osborne the prince of freaking football this year looks like it's gonna be exciting in the NFL
One team to definitely watch out for other green bay packers
What? Packers green bay packers
Not packers
Okay, okay
Okay, can we start again? Can we start it over?
In the IFC Central you have to watch out for the up stock Cleveland Browns
Browns
What the fuck is a brown
I hope those new England guys the
Patriots are something like that that reminds me of when I was growing up in England right in Birmingham we were poor family
Fuck you. I'm the prince of fucking football
God
In the NFC you have to like the Falcons the Bears the Panthers and Lions Jesus Christ
I feel like I'm in line with a fucking zoo while he's fucking Falcons and Panthers and shit
Is this football or mutual of Omaha's wild fucking kingdom?
That's all that's on the cue card man. What do you want me to do about?
Just
1048 is 560 WDQ and there's some really nifty bleep that one last one there was
No, I listen to it about several times
Crossbeats in there. It's in perfect. Yeah
Anyway, so
We had this facts from Mike and coconut Creek Mike you made my whole week. Thanks to me. Oh, you're the best
It says with the passing of Don Cox which the central had nothing about of course and you're right
It brings to the forefront the pool you did on dead soft photo personalities the one that pissed Moa so bad
That pull was like an omen
Why not do a completely comprehensive dead people pull and post the names on your website
Thanks, Mike of coconut Creek while Mike of coconut Creek you inspired me not for one pull because anybody could do that
But we can kill like days and days with this stuff like we do those great music polls
Remember those days of course those heavy days one hit one
So what we're gonna do is let's see we got I got four different categories of dead people
And then we'll figure out your best. They'll have like a dead runoff and dead people's runoff next Monday
Okay, okay, I think this is great
What's wrong with like like in dead people even though especially because it pisses off Moe so much
We like it record breaking totals on there just to show motor. We hate his old cross the ass
Rest of them too. We're celebrating these people we're celebrating these people's existence
Okay, you live but you do your thing and then you die and when people remember you enough to send a very best and say hey
That was a pretty good guy or whoever
You notice we aren't getting any women on here though. It's just dawned on me when I said good guy because we're not saying man
But anyway, we're dividing into four categories politics actors musicians and famous others right actors including like music TV anything
Famous others could be like inventors right
Tom Edison's hero Eastman random heroes Ben Franklin right Eli
Eli is how Eli Whitney you like Whitney wasn't that Franklin a politician though? What did you like?
But he could be neither one. What was Eli is how what do he invent the sewing machine?
Uh, I don't know. I thought that was singer
He's it was a singer
Well, I guess he'll have to be under musicians
Well, seriously what did Eli's how of it you, Eli, Whitney invented the uh cotton the gin mill cotton gin cotton gin
And what about Eli? Well, we'll figure out. We'll get to that somebody see. That's not for today anyway that would that ones for
Friday
So the one we're gonna do later today. Who is your favorite dead political figure now of course you realize that
There are like zidians of names that can go on here. Which is the idea it's great
It makes it easy for you folks out there because we realized that especially in the dog days is summer. It's like the end of summertime
time that people have gotten no material. There's nothing going on. Right. And as a result,
this makes it so easy for our callers. People are sending in um, taxes for that gay poll
that we don't have worded yet. You want me to hand on to them or, uh, no, no, no, that's
for another day. Oh, God, we've got pulls up the ass here today, man. Wow. I'll make
a pile of these. Okay. Before we get to this, there are a couple of things. I was the
first one that just escaped me with so goddamn important. Oh, man, you did it to me.
I had something like earth shaking that I was going to do, but my Alzheimer's interfered
and I forgot. US nowhere near capturing Bin Laden. I think this is worth passing along. Two
years after the 911 attacks on the York and Washington, the US is not even close to apprehending
chief suspect. Oh, some of Bin Laden news with magazine reports. In this week's issue,
the magazine setting US Defense Department officials said the US had few clues to Bin Laden's
that doesn't sound too uplifting. Does it? Uh, on April,
infield trade, Alcott, a US official said Bin Laden had stopped using satellite telephones
in landmines, making him even more difficult to capture months after he'll present. They
said he wanted bush. Uh, I wanted Bin Laden dead or alive. The officials also in order
with the US occupied in Iraq and Pakistan's president, a proof has much share of worried
about militant Islamist. There are no large scale military units try to track Bin Laden
down and yada yada yada. Newsweek said military officials were also worried about whether they
had enough troops for current task, giving declining reenlistments by, uh, frustrated,
reserved and national guardsmen. The article said officials were worried resources have been
taken away from Afghanistan to support Iraq operations. And this had lost the vital US
intelligence in Afghanistan. From the beginning, we f up said one fifth group officer who fought
in Afghanistan. From the beginning, we f up. He said, how do you like that? There you go.
But we had to have this operation. Iraqi freedom bull crap. Okay. So that we could like thin
things out. Water things down in the meantime. We can just dramatically and the supposed war
on terror that's supposed to be saving all of our answers. You keep forgetting. What's that?
It's worth it. Oh, so yeah, I guess to the people, I guess to Halibut and Bechtel. Yeah.
Well, and how much it dicks in the control of the country. Well, guess who else died? Now,
you're not going to know who this book of Brian will know and he's going to be very upset.
If he doesn't know this already, who? Now, you're not going to know either. Mike Stoke.
You died? Do you have any idea who that is? Absolutely not. No, of course not.
1940s TV host of Raptownia people are dying man. It's bad. People are dying like flies. They're
dropping all over the place. Mike Stoke, who's pioneering 1940s TV show Panama and quiz,
brought Hollywood stars to the small screener and one of these six original Emmy
statues, what's his died? He was 84. God, I would have thought he'd been a lot older than that,
like about 120. Mr. Stoke died sunny and Vegas following along. You only said his daughter
Suzy Stoke. I wonder if they came to the Stoke people at the rest stops. Love their taffy.
Oh, I love their peanut bro. Oh, don't you like the candy at peanut? It'll just rot your teeth
out, man. Pecan logs. Oh, yeah, I like it. My teeth on one of them logs.
Panama quiz literally introduced Hollywood of the TV industry. Mr. Stoke told the times in 1990.
It had to center after a first was hosted the show. I had star after star make their TV debut,
Marilyn Monroe Jack Webb. People were totally fascinated. They'd never seen these big tall figures
except in the theater. Here they were actually laughing and joking like real human beings.
The program renamed Stump the Stars in the 1960s began in Hollywood on KTLA in 1948,
a year later when National on CBS. It remained in production on various networks, NBC,
Dumas, ABC, and incindicated form until 1970. When the Emmy Awards were launched, nominees were
limited to programs produced in Los Angeles County and carried on one of the ERIS 4 stations,
only six trophies were handed out. Mr. Stoke was nominated for outstanding personality,
lost to a KTLA colleague, Ventriloquist Shirley Dinsdale. He did receive an Emmy for producing
the most popular program, Padamon Quiz, which won out over nine other nominees. The show's format
was simple. Two teams with four celebrities, each played charades, suggested by home viewers.
One celebrity acted out the charade three teammates had to describe within two minutes. The team
out into five of charade in the shortest time. A Hans Conried was on it. Show you remember him.
Who? You don't remember Hans Conried? Uh, no. How about Haleini Gingold? Just from you.
And then there was the little French guy. Now that one's going to snump me. Bokobrine's going to have to
fax or call him. What the hell was his name? Beppet Depute. To lose the track. To lose the tracks. No.
The little French guy, he was also on the days of our lives briefly. He was actually on the soap
pop. He's got to be dead by now. Robert and Larry? That's him. How do you know that? Thank you very
much because the days of our lives. Oh, Scott watched his soap operas. Oh, watch tokens heroes.
Now he was also on that too. But how did you know who I was talking about?
He just named the only French guy he could. Pretty much. I think he's been watching him soap operas.
Well, maybe he did do anything else. But you know, that's a good open because now,
Duff and Terrence will really go to bat for him.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story, he began his career in the first transvestite rock roof.
Then he dressed normally and became Buster Point Dexter.
Well, I got the idea for Buster Point Dexter when I put together this new combo.
Buster Point Dexter was actually David Johansson, former frontman for the 1970s cross-dressing
punk band, the New York Dolls. So I'd be Buster, you know, with the big hairdo and everything.
Yeah, yeah, that's great, David. But if I make it back to the cross-dressing thing,
look, look, that was a long time ago, all right? I mean, with like soup drawers on your,
you think you're just kind of different? Come on, dude. I mean, it's kind of hanging there free,
right? Rubbing up against the fabrics you're always sporting wood, right? I guess so. I really don't
remember. I tell you, don't remember. I can't even, could ever forget the first time they put on a
beautiful lace teddy. It's like knowing where you were in 9-11 or where Kennedy was shot.
Will you lay off the women's clothing stuff? Let me take the bra that snaps out the front.
When I put that on and then I get my wife to tear it off me, holy s***, what a turn on!
It's like I understood what it was like for a woman in that moment as the snap is pulled violently
apart. My breasts are, well, you know, the way to put it, liberating. The only thing it even
comes close is pantyhose. Oh, the way that stretch fabric is gripped your nut sack. My god!
All right, this interview is over.
Hey, what, where are you going? I mean, look, it doesn't mean we're gay or anything.
Oh well. It's a big juicy, softened wood. Look at your business. It's a night and inside the behind.
Oh, well, this is like a pack. Just look down at the storm.
11-11-560-W. The thing I kept forgetting in it first hour to mention is that, you know,
generally when hurricanes are coming across the Atlantic and you're in Florida,
that's when you get real nervous about it. Right. Well, Hurricane Isabel ain't going to be anywhere
near Florida. And guess where they're now predicting all the models are showing the ass
in it is going to come through upstate New York and right here at Toronto, baby, right in Ontario.
I mean, nothing real heavy. Do they accept a lot of rain and wind and things like that? And I
figured, why not? We had SARS. We had the bad meme. We had the blackout. Why not have a little
hurricane? Oh, I'm speaking of a hurricane. This fact, I think they may have their finger on it.
You want to know why it says tall blonde person at the U of M going around squirting guys.
You left out Joseph Gackie. Isn't he blonde? Not only is he blonde, but we do know that.
There's a Gackie sucks, okay? Okay. See? Yeah, he's not so tall though.
I don't know if he's not no six feet tall. He's about three feet. He's like a munchkin.
If you took George and Maddie Bell and Joseph Gackie and put them on each other's shoulders,
they still wouldn't make five feet. We'd have six. Oh, look at this. Here's somebody from
Western who says, oh, yeah, what the hell happened to the herald? They're trying to revamp the
heralds. Nobody knows what it is anymore that trying to do it disguise. After a hundred years of
mediocrity, they're trying to change the way it looks. It's still a piece of crap. Although,
at least they had the surround on cocks dying, which is more than I can say for the scum sentinel.
God, Jikka, there's no embarrassment factor. There is no. No, and he's talking about how I'm
going to keep my touch on the local pulse of what's going on in South Florida from Toronto and Amsterdam
around a guy named Arthur the world. Who are you kidding Tom? Man, Christ almighty motors.
Anyway, this guy from Western says the poll question could read, who is your favorite straight guy
with a queer eye? I like that. Don't you? Because I mean, it's like in. It's hip and cool, man. Like,
like, mo, it's hip and cool. Oh, so let me, I'm going to stick that underneath. We're pining up
the polls. Thank you very much. See, the audience is coming through for me. I guess they figure
I'm getting old and feeble, which they're right. But I like that. Pull ideas. We like them. I mean,
look, it's not easy as you well know. We got damn day to come up with something different and exciting,
since this has become like the centerpiece of the show is opposed to like sitting here begging for
phone calls for somebody in South Florida, have something meaningful to say, which they're never going
to do. Maybe once in a lifetime. I'm finding now quick. Right. We better add to this list here.
Who's the biggest nerd of them all? We got a bunch of votes over 100. We got 130. But let's add
some names on there. It might be a little more enticing to the audience. Here's Kendall. Hello. Why
you so miserable? Okay. Have a nice day, asshole. Here's Orlando. Hello. Woody Allen.
Woody Allen's an excellent. That was beautiful. Woody Ellis. See, that's the kind. That was actually
on line nine or real call as opposed to the mouth breather that we started out with. And his other
85 lines. You're an idiot man. You're an imbecile. But have a nice day. We like you. Actually, I do like him,
you know what? You want to know why? Why? He's obsessed with this program obsessed. Oh yeah. He is.
This this show is his life. When I hang up the microphone, man, that guy's going to go to the top of the
world trade center where it used to be and jump off. It's not for anymore, though. Well,
seriously, this guy's a lunatic. Certifiable. He's the only one. Well, but he's he's right at the moment.
But he's the number one. There's not even anybody close. No, there is. But I don't want to say his name. Oh,
here is. Oh, no, not not even him. No, somebody I don't know about. You're gay.
I'll Reverend Jones. You don't want to say his name. No, no, this no Reverend Jones isn't the one.
Who are you talking about? He had Reverend Jones called him a real time today. No, not like this guy, though.
All right. Because at least Reverend Jones doesn't get on the air several times today. This guy does
because Scott isn't getting paid. He's not going to work so hard to try to screen a call.
If you pay, oh, and let me just also say this about Scott.
No, no, seriously. I mean, the fact that he's not getting paid, are they fooling anybody in there
and in in in in counting and programming that fooling anybody? It's on here. Everybody knows about it.
Scott for all his audience knows it. My audience knows it. It sounds to me like a legal child labor
or something like that. So what shot? How old's Scott about 14? Yeah, a little bit. Does anybody care,
though? Oh, don't see now you're starting to like lose it. Don't start sounding the audience
like you want us to feel sorry for you. Okay, that's bad because we don't feel sorry for anybody.
We had that we had that with the previous one. Okay, yeah, I heard parts that would
Mr. My life is in a problem a grandeur. Oh, no, I got myself out. I'm fine. No, that's right.
No, that was very good. The Robert Clarium. That was excellent. Here's a great facts from John
with a phony name here. That's very funny. I think it's phony. It says, yesterday, I wish I would have
heard this. Don't you? Uh-huh. Yesterday, Jim Madditch came out of a break during a show complaining
that there's no way a show can survive when you have to wait through a nine minute break like he does
after cursing and raving for about three minutes, he concluded that this was indeed the reason that
the first team eventually failed. And the new morning show was total Schmidt. Oh, I wish I
would have heard that. Absolutely. All right, Maddog. In conclusion, does this writer's opinion that
the scumbags who run WQM make Bob Hamilton from Magic one or two point seven and after
birth askissor who's a Kavanaugh boy for Jefferson, my pilot radio humpheads and f.ing genius,
your thought I would say you are. Excellent. Excellent. Fast, John. Thank you. Keep the
facts. He's coming. That's right on top of it. I wish I would have heard that. Maddog going crazy.
Maybe they're the tape. Oh, but his long commercial breaks and how the first team got signed
sandbag with that. And about how the morning show it. See, I wonder how Moa can handle that,
knowing that the guy he's sitting next to him. Of course, it's true with anybody. He has to handle
the fact that no matter who he's sitting next to, that person hates him like poison. Yeah,
he must be used to it. I never thought about that before, but when it happens all the time.
And look at that. They're just sitting around eating breakfast so far.
Here's the North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Sir, what about Bill Gates?
What about Bill Gates? He's leading the votes with 64. Thank you.
Well, he may have tuned in late. Bill Gates is on the list. We've got a short list. We're expanding
at the biggest narrative all. Gate 64, Carrot Top 39, Paul Shaper 17, Rick Riley 16, Adam Sandler 11,
out of 147 votes. We'd have a lot more if we get to these calls and put some other names on here,
Danette. But we're busy with more important things like I could see myself. Oh, you know, once they
start talking, I get you to send that button. You know, okay, he's literally knows what kind of
is going to blurred out of their mouth. I know what's going to go into their mouth. I'm not sure
what's going to blurred out. Really? Where's Carl Gables? Hello? I think patient forks.
Smaller words. No, okay. Good for you. And by the way, I think Chinese are ready to enter too.
Really? That's what I'm hearing. That's what I'm sniffing. I'd have thought they'd have
antiseptic kind of parts. No, it's the dim sum. Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami. When is this? And Neil? Yes, sir. I just heard you mention the Don Cox thought. I missed
that. What happened? What was the deal on that? He died in a sleep. He was 55. He was up in Georgia
carrying for his ill mother and he just didn't wake up. Yes, any morning. I'm sorry to hear that.
Me too. Anyway, take care. Have a good day. I'm due to have a good day. My wife won't have such a good
day now because he just found out about it. I don't hear any calls about the Cox on a radio. By the
way, it's typical South Florida. You heard list bastards. No, seriously. I mean, this isn't somebody
who was on 100 years ago. This is a guy who was on just about every station in town. He was on
a very popular radio station. He was on Power 96 fairly recently. He was on Kiss very recently.
And he left his mark on them at market. You know, he was a goofball in many ways. He was on a
Kindle Toyota infomercial at awful show. I mean, nothing. Not even a G. I mean, this, at least this
guy that we just talked to, at least he sounded a little bit remorseful, you know? Right. But you
work your ass. I can just see him. And when I croak in a week or two, I can just see it. Neil,
who? Yeah, right. Front page. Right. Maybe front page of the funny page is something like that.
There was nothing. That's the South Florida FN way. They just don't appreciate anything. You
have nothing in return. They just take and take and take and take. What do you got?
I beg your pardon? So we can take. Oh, I see what have I got for? I got this.
Free. You want another one? Chinese. No extra charge. If it's free, it's for me. Right.
Oh, you know the rim man too, huh? Here's dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
What we have here is a failure to get this asshole off the phone, right?
He must be the boyfriend of the whispering guy. It's not the same guy. Here's Delray Beach. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir, speaking. Neil, could I ask for my clupica on your pole?
A nerd? Yes. I've nerd or dead politician. Yeah, let's see. The nerd sports writer. Okay. He
definitely is a nerd. You're right. Thank you. And have a great day. Thank you. That's a good
suggestion. You don't know who that is. I got nose. Yeah, it's from New York. He's a columnist and
he is a nerd. New York sports columnist who's on at the ESPN show on Sunday mornings and he sits
around at round table. In fact, they got dickshaps. Body still propped up on her, which I think is
very disrespectful. You remember the time dickshap called our show on IOD, George? Yes.
When that was back when they were cranking, there was somebody in the building, somebody in the sports
department was cranking us and they were they had the list of all the sports numbers from all
the different broadcasts and so on. And they would leave messages for like dickshap and
these other people. Oh, call them. You arrived your show with such and such a time and Neil
wants to talk to you and it would call like out of the blue. And I tell you what the hell are you
calling for? You know, right? Right. I remember that. And then of course, dickshap was on the show
and then he died. So probably not a lot of other people are going to do that. Not really. Let's see.
Apple pie eating nerd poster child Sean Hannity. That's an excellent choice that somebody just
faxed in. Outstanding. Let me write that on the right hand side of my column here. Sean Hannity.
Apple pie eating nerd poster child. Excellent. Thank you very much. What do we got so far? Bill
Gates and safely, that was your choice. Adam Sandler, which is my choice. Can't win them all.
I had Jack Nichols in yesterday. You can't win them all. Because it looks to me like Sandler's
on the bottom, any? No. Woody Allen. What would he just want? Nobody on does point up. We don't have
Mike Lupica or Sean Hannity on there as yet. I hope it's not as yet. As Mo would say, not as yet.
You of him hasn't pulled their games from the station as yet because we have that righteousness
of notches. Loud mouthed Jew bastard fag on in mid days. Remember those days? Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. Do
remember that crap when he was trying to like plant the seeds of my demise. Didn't work out too, Elmo.
And guess what? I don't have to blackmail a radio station to extend my contract.
From minutes after 11 at 560 WQM, if you're underpaid overworked like porous Scott there who's
just being treated like some kind of a lemon like some kind of an appendage, how'd you like to have
a new high-paying career before the end of the year? Pick up the phone and call our good
pizons at fast train tool three at one eight six six fast train. They can have you trained and
certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow like wild. There's
no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying computer career. Fast train offers
job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules and don't forget like I keep
telling you there are six Florida locations for in South Florida. So there's going to be a fast
train near where you live fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too. So call
fast train today. Tool three at one eight six six fast train. Say goodbye to that dead end job
and that crap hole boss. Say goodbye to that measly paycheck and get yourself a real big fat one
at a paycheck too. Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then call one eight six six fast
train. My life and look all this is sports radio five city.
Our phone conversation I talked to Peter Northy of the day. He tells me your real name is
Neil Downe. Have you still ain't interested in sports court?
I had this for two years.
Uh-huh
Hitting DURI
Bruises
Prised
CJ
Issues

Now it's time to end this song
Like his ears it's gonna too long
We can skin grab and victim
With his life that's
Ooh, I look at him with his pimple head
I breath a boat full of rats and bread
Ooh, I'm like that
Ooh, I look at him with his pimple head
Ooh, I look at him with his pimple head
Ooh, I look at him with his pimple head
Ooh, I look at him with his pimple head
Thank you so much for the forget the obvious Ross Piro out of sight out of line I guess, huh?
Ross Piro the ultimate nerd
You're right get him on there right away please
Only Larry King only the schlockmaster could have hoisted some crap like that over on the public
All we gotta do is roll up our sleeves and that's not him old studies and do do do do just roll up our sleeves and do do do do do
Not a do do do
That was Ross Piro and imbecile, a simple and a rich one though
And a bigoted one at that, sure
Well that's what we like, we like bigots like Jimmy Brezzlin said in that brilliant article I read from yesterday
I might even read that last paragraph again, it was so damn good about fascism
Would you pray with it? Huh?
Would you please?
What I would I please? What were you going to do with that?
It doesn't get old
Don't start getting pushy now just because we're gonna get you on a payroll
I think you're okay, I think we'll get you a square away
I don't
If you shut up
You don't?
You really don't think so?
I know you've been doing it for a couple of weeks now
Yeah but not heavy duty, I haven't threatened to like take drag some people out of the closet for example
Fascism in the name of security, here's the last, I don't want to read the whole thing but the last paragraph Jimmy Brezzlin wrote in News Day on Sunday
That this American government of bigots from the low IQ states can run over our bill of rights grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours is a terrorist act by some singers
The only way to defend yourself is to vote them out those who don't are fans of fascism and Jimmy you are
Absolutely correct sir
Yeah, let's hear it for Jimmy Brezzlin
Who doesn't pull any punches, that's our kind of guy
Here's a fact from PD and NM in North Miami or maybe it's New Mexico, I think North Miami
Probably rather be an albacurky
He says they'll find Vin Laden a couple of weeks before the 2004 presidential election
Wouldn't surprise me, nothing would surprise me what these great robbers would do to seal an election
Of course they're their roadmap in California got kind of sidetracked yesterday by the appeals court
He's an hesitate to vote
I beg your pardon just a detour it's just a detour and of course it must be political oh wait and I got that right here I just fell into it by
By incident
Shorts negative discusses sex and politics on Oprah yesterday
I actually was channel serving so about two seconds of that but as soon as I see Oprah my channel just automatically moves to the next one
I will not watch Oprah that ridiculous wealthy bitch that fat disgusting bitch
But ever he said there was a line he was talking about the We magazine interview which said he took part in the gymnasium or GM received oral sex during bodybuilding competition in 1977
There was a line that was just do you remember the parties Arnold Winfrey asked I really don't he replied
These were the times when I was saying things like a pump is better than coming he said prompting his wife right in the long black dress with a silver crosser
To put her hand across his face
To the comment that her mother was watching Schwarzenegger laughed and said wherever you miss it is don't pay attention her mother was you know skinny shrapnel
Pumping a pump is better than coming squirt squirt he said I mean is this a moron or what now let me just tell you this
Okay, was it the Sun sent light order that pull was in today I
Forgot let me take a look at it. It's enough to floor everybody
I mean it's one thing to joke about it and laugh about it was a pull and if you live in California would you vote for Arnold Schwarzenegger for governor
Let me just check and see if it's there. Oh it's gone
Maybe it was in a hero do you think I mean oh that's right was in a hero well thank goodness it ain't gone
But he was winning out of the first 999 vote one of which was mine he was winning like 52 to 47%
Are you ready for that hello yeah good bye in California I'm a clicking it this Harold has got to be the worst website oh the
Here it comes finally let's see is the pool still there in the Harold oh now I got to figure out which page it's on you know what I mean on a
Website right not on this page you people at the Harold make me sick you make me want to puke what kind of a freaking
Newspaper is this maybe it's on the news page thing you think it's on the news page thing although at least they did have the
Donkatsu obituaries more I can say for Disgum Sentinel jica you idiot you see the Sun suddenly figure I will get around to one of
These days we have no credibility anyway it's not on this page where's my auto pool damn it
Do you see it I don't see it I don't see it it was on there remember I read it to you yeah I was reading it right for
You to you maybe they took it off out of embarrassment I would think so well that was bad somebody will find it and you know
Send us a copy without thanks to us where we're going to hide in it I'd hide it too about Arnold pumping is better than
Comming scored scored or something like that see first you pump Arnold and then scored scored right that's the way it works
Oh, yeah well in his case I mean he you know with that low IQ he doesn't know where to stick it
Here's Miami hello
Okay
Tomorrow
Got a shoulder finish though first here's Carl spring so
Carl springs
Alright excellent choice
Oh, he doesn't have to go north here land do that from when I hear that's what duck told me
Ryan or cross that's what the channel seven Miss Kamal told me I hear she likes to dress up
5 6 7 0 5 60 bomb 5 60 on the AT and what does done anyway?
There's our man is done. Oh a channel 10 if if Isabelle makes a sudden left turn it comes back
Which it won't the brand or cross will try to convince you that it might if it did that we'd be talking to Don
We don't talk to hysteria mongers like little Miss Norcross
Let's see James what nobody's gonna remember who that is that's a good choice
But it's a two of the secretary the interior. Oh, I thought you were talking about this teamboat guy
James what now he did see you're on the wrong pole. This is good now. He's been on which pole we're building
James what he uh they each boys were gonna do the thing in Washington DC on the 4th of July and he said no way Jose
They're too revolutionary. They're too. Yeah, no satin Burton
The director of freaky movies like uh is he a nerd or is his or has the biggest geek out earth?
Rizzy. Yeah, okay, Tim Burton get him on there right away. No relate no kind of dick
We're down the anchovic. Oh, that's a good one. I like that weird. Owl. We just weird. Owl. I know who that is
Then it's a cinnage. This is good. I it says I like him but come on and I that's very well put whoever sent this facts
Then it's good. She says all the right things. He'd be a great candidate
But you look at him with that bad her piece and that look that kind of goofy little uh
Munchkin look
See nobody takes a munchkin seriously. That's what Maddie Bell was bitterly complaining me about when I was down there
Said nobody nobody takes me seriously. That's true
I said maybe if you were higher than you know my kneecap if you yeah and didn't didn't talk like that we might
Or here's a whole list of them now
This is good. We'll do this till about one and then we'll start building another one the first of our
Eight thousand part series and dead people just to piss off mode
He's talking about dead people that he's got those big ratings who is he fooling what kind of a show with my show is better than that
Not what the mad dog says mad dog says you're show blows, you know
All right, that's what I'm hearing that to be poor
The one time I heard mad dog make a comment about the morning show but shortly after it first started when Moas on with gully
And he's exact words because I heard him with my own five years. He said it's a bad show
Right, seriously. That's a bad show. It's a New York show. It's a bad show
Nobody here cares about the jets and the giants and the next it's a bad show
Right all right
Toby McGuire David Spade Richard Drifers J. Feeler. Oh, I like J. Feeler for this pull all the see they won't get as much
As since they won the other day
See they you know how the crowd is down there they uh wish you washy that'll stop this week
Yeah, oh yeah when the bills kick their ass. Oh, that's gonna be ugly a George W. Bush and Jay sent this list. What about the
Dry thing GW Bush belongs on here, you know what he's a nerd
He's got that alfredi Newman what me were you ought to be worried because I'm a president. I stole the election look on his face
Yeah, George W. Bush J. Feeler. I'll reach your drivers
What do you think yeah
Okay, I mean I can't stand him personally, but not just because he's a nerd because he just oh that close encounters of my worst kind
That was just sent me over the edge
Maybe drop my jaws
David Spade
Oh, yeah, I want to change my vote now
David Spade I wonder you think is David Spade
Newterdy. He's a cool cat and told me Maguire
All right, boy this list is building like crazy like tops you know, oh I look at this
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm not gonna put it on there, but it's kind of cute. Oh, it's nerf. Yeah, he's pretty nerdy
This is from UC F, Kenny, do sports nerds count how about Hank oh don't be calling a hyper nerd
No, thanks been called many names like I have but never a nerd.
Maybe turd.
You turd.
Not a nerd.
Don't forget to hop roll beyond the staff noon 4 to 630 with a Rob Conrad hour between 5 and 6 and then that big Marlon next draft against in Philadelphia.
Everybody ought to be on their edge of their seats for this one even if you don't care.
Let's see the Marlins are what 83 and 69?
No.
83 and 67.
No.
They have 13 games left.
I mean they've played 149.
86.
86.
83 and 66.
They're 17 games over.
Is that right?
That's correct.
I'm telling you Mr.
they got 13 games.
I know my Marlon crap even though I don't really care about it.
I'm not going to be one of those phony band Jagger, jagger and wampers and pretend to jump on right now.
I'm not.
I don't really care about it.
But I think it's pretty exciting.
The town is there something positive for change right?
Yeah.
So hop on whatever Chris more used to say hop on this and hop aboard whatever he used to say that idiot Chris more a hot dog.
Hop aboard.
You know I don't think the O'Rodgers is ever going to be on this radio station.
Remember that day?
I can just be in the corner.
I can agree with it.
28 past 11 at 560 WQM at cent time.
Lee again with the Mac for sure.
The infernities doors run their phony and sales.
Donald Macris asked if you double the price to offer half off is that really a deal?
Of course not.
In fact, as these doors have to run a sale to drop their prices as low as Donald Macris sells them each and every day.
265 days a year.
For a deep discount prices on dozens of models from SIRTA, SILI, Tempor, PETIC, Simmons, King Coral or Sterns and FOSTA.
You need to call 1-800 Macris.
No nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brands, no phony promises and best of all.
You don't have to pay a premium for the best service available anywhere.
You'll get service like you dream about from delivery team rank number one customer satisfaction in the world.
When you call Donald Macris toll free at 1-800 Macris.
You pick the day and time for your delivery with any tour window seven days a week eight a day into 10 p.m.
When it's convenient for you and they'll be there and you'll be sleeping well the first night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress and Donald Macris for years and so should you look at the shape I'm in.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and rule.
It's easy to see why Donald Macris, like I said, is ranked the best in the universe.
So don't be fooled by those mattress show more furniture store ads.
They can't even come close to matching where you get air every day from Donald Macris.
Pick up the phone and call right now 1-800 Macris.
1-800-MATTRES or online it's mattress.com for Donald Macris.
The easy the intelligent way to get to a great mattress and a great night's sleep.
I'm a private local. This is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
You am.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
The candidates all admitted it.
If there's a problem, which fit it from unemployment to inflation to a wartime situation.
They say that our nation would discover occasions or come down and just want that.
So don't like the way for sponsored countries.
That's exactly why they all are ready.
Here the points in the finger and here should the fingers.
If they take away it should the answer they think they some don't like the way for sponsored countries.
Okay, Wesley Clarkson by the way.
Good. That just came over from CNN and Wesley Clarkson erased.
Very good.
And then you just thanks me for the Don Cox information here.
Let's see. This is from Greg Reed.
I beg your pardon?
They're voting right now in that FCC resolution as we speak.
The Senate? Right. Yeah.
The Senate is voting on the FCC resolution where we're Michael Powell and the other grave robbers are on the FCC.
We want to loosen up the regulations so that two or three companies can almost every goddamn TV and radio station and newspaper in America.
It's all in C-SPAN 2 for those who care.
Oh, I got that on here somewhere, but I'll never find it.
Wait, man, let me let me did it around here and see if I can find C-SPAN 1 or 2.
I'm just present.
We are on the energy and water.
I think I'm getting a better picture than you are.
Well, I'm on Playboy TV.
Well, I might say automatically have programmed another playboy TV.
Anyway, here it is. Wesley Clark, the retired general with a four star military resume, but no political experience decided today to become the 10th Democratic president of Canada.
The official postman said, and you know how good he was on meat the press with him.
I heard he was excellent on meat the press.
That's what we hear from one of our callers, one of our chronic's.
If you saw him on meat the press, he's made his decision and will announce it tomorrow in Little Rocks at Mark Fabian.
A spokesman for Clark Fabian didn't reveal Clark's decision, but officials close to the former general city told his fledgling campaign that he's in the race.
See, America loves a war hero like Eisenhower, for example.
Right.
The difference being that Wesley Clark is like articulate and could put two words together, whereas Eisenhower was virtually illiterate, but he had a lot of interest.
A lot of interest in what was going on.
Clark's decision came as Democratic strategist from around the country gathered this small, low slung brick headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas at the banks of the Arkansas River to discuss strategy for mounting a late starting presidential campaign.
Fabian served as a spokesman for former vice president Al Gore's 2000 campaign is part of a cadre of former Gore and Bill Clinton advisors who are now rallying behind Clark.
How do you like that?
Clinton had urged Clark winner the race beneath a Hinoe Gore's expected to take sides in the primary fight, but nevertheless you can see the fine finger of slick willy in there.
And maybe Al Gore too pushing the general.
That's a big busy figure he's got.
That's right.
Oh yeah, he's ever seen a crooked finger.
It's shaped just like his penis is what Monica said.
Very great.
Did he say you wanted to smell your fingers?
What do you say?
Now how do I, I guess I better separate the segue in this information.
235 votes who's the biggest see I think you were right George hit it on the head before the show this nerd pole is too important to like short change it right.
It needs to be on overnight so which is great because that postpons the other until tomorrow.
What are you rushing for?
Russian Paramitesi Paruski.
235 votes who's the biggest nerd of them all Bill Gates, Yachachupiva.
That's right.
That's the Dania.
Up yours.
Bill Gates 88, Carrotop 53, Rick Riley 24.
I haven't even played no Rick Riley material yet, but I will Paul Schaefer 24, Woody Allen 16, Adam Savler 15, Sean Hannity 6, Mike Lupica 4, Brian Norcross 1, and Ross Piro one.
We haven't put on yet George W. Bush J. Feetler, Richard Dreyfus, David Spade or Toby McGuire or Dennis Cassinich or Weird Al or Kim Burton or Brian or a Brian or Chris already got four.
Okay, here's the message from Greg Reed on cops and stuff.
A lot of legend and radio passed away on September 15th viewing services will be held in Georgia.
5 to 9 p.m. tonight and Wednesday, September 17th to 9 p.m. at Ingram Funeral Home, 210 Ingram Avenue and Cummings, Georgia.
I guess this is really in this is for our staff.
I don't think this is the general public is of are they?
I don't know, but I'm not on the Georgia stuff.
But anyway, on Sunday, September 21st, this Sunday there'll be a memorial service in Florida for Don Cox at 1 p.m. at the church by the sea, 5196 Street, Bale Harbor.
And following the service, Mark Samantha and Jackie Cox would like you to scoff by their home for a bite to weed at 37.45 North, he's 7.71.
Read apartment 45 in North Miami Beach. It says Don Cox was part of the power 96 family for many years.
It'll always be in our hearts. Cox on a radio will be missed rights.
A Greg Reed who has a soft spot in his heart once in a while.
Not for not for Scott Jr. there who isn't getting paid, but for Don Cox who passed away.
Well, maybe Scott passed away.
Yeah, why don't you try and die in Scott? I don't think Greg is that close to us.
Scott yet. We're both making the same amount of money now.
Oh, no, that was if you think that's going to put you over the top, you just took several steps backward.
Anybody think Scott getting paid this year? No, not now.
So anyway, Wesley Clark is going to join in official, this John Edwards goofball from North Carolina.
He just announced does anybody care? No. He have any chance. He's got of us much chance of winning the nomination as Scott Scott getting paid to pay check today.
No. None. So there you go.
Boy, a lot of heavy duty stuff going on, you know what? Heavy, heavy pressure, pressure pack week, and it's only Tuesday.
Whatever is he still on here? By the way, that Bruce Williams asshole. Is that crap still on? I wouldn't know.
Oh boy, he had to be one of the most annoying, phony baloney. I mean, you know, I give him all the credit he made a lot of money with it.
Never answered anybody's question. Well Bruce, I've somebody left me $74,000. What do I do? Well, good luck to you.
You know, just use some common sense on a Tuesday and have a great life and the time is up now. We got to take a break.
Is he the guy that always said, call a lawyer? Go to good attorney. Yeah, yeah. Right. I could do that stuff. Try, try, practice.
Have you tried masturbating? Oh, there you are. I like that guy's good. In fact, I'm trying it right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 or pound whatever happens to be in your hand on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the call in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Oh, God. Yes, sir. If you're able to get a hold of the managed to take yet from yesterday and happened about 330,
331 in the afternoon is a massive high rate. And he apologized to the station sponsors because of the way that the station was butchering the schedule.
Wow. Yeah, definitely worth seeking out right in 330.
I can believe what he said about the SCRAN. I'm son of a bitch.
And also for the nerd poll as a package, I'd like to nominate Bob Costas and George Will. I mean, they're both big.
Oh, excellent. Outstanding material. Sir, fantastic.
One last thing also on the rate case, that's the University of Miami. Right.
The beach had a story about 8 o'clock this morning about Brockborough Lynn, sweating profusely and eating multiple showers during the day.
I suspect that Brock is 6 feet tall. He's blonde. Hey, what? I mean, you're possible, right?
There you go. Right. Thank you. Yeah. Not maybe he spent some time in Berlin.
Bob Costas and who else? George Will. Oh, that little right wing nerd with a bow tie, that little cup fan right wing,
not so fascist bastard card-carrying member. Two excellent choices there. Bob Costas and George.
You know, I wish I could change my vote now too. Bob Costas. You know that, but what's the name of that bit we play versus X-Strange?
I'm going to play. Yeah, dribble Bob Costas. I can't play that often enough. Act strange.
I love the dribble Bob Costas. Just his head up and down a basketball court up and down a sidewalk.
Why couldn't it have been him instead of Dr. Bob? Right. No, I mean, had nasty fall on the side of the icy sidewalk in the earth. Dr. Atkins.
It was the wrong Bob on the sidewalk. 1142 at 560, just like it was the wrong ex the wrong radio person that croaked on yesterday.
Yep. Steaded on Cox and I George was suggesting somebody that rhymes with Don Cox.
Yeah. In fact, named after one of the characters on passions. Fox.
He was the annoys the hell out of me. Fox. There are a lot of characters on that show. In fact, is that show going anywhere? No. No.
No, it's just that I'm making any progress. Hey, guess what guys? Sheridan's still down or into basements. He just had the baby.
VIP sportsbook.com is going to get you out of the gambling basement. That's right because it's a place you can depend on.
They're the biggest the best. Unlike these other sports, both these schlepideki guys who just Johnny come lately.
He's came along the other day. 99% of those bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica. Good luck.
If you ever cash to get your money. So this year, move up in class and confidence with the best, the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
Netherlands. Holland. I'm stood on and that's VIP sportsbook.com. There are 100% legal and license too. Listen to me.
Do the smart thing with your money. Okay. Don't put it in the hands of some shyster. Call VIP sportsbook.com right now at 1 866 VIP bets because they are soft.
Photo's best sportsbook sign up now. You can bet all the soft photo football and basketball teams.
Juicy all year long. By the way, Dan Marino said what do you say?
He said some a little bit word on this. I was reading about that in the local papers here yesterday.
Danny Boyz. It's a me literally thing on one of the pregame shows on Sunday. Hi, it's going. Danny stick to the fix the lips and stick to the football.
You want to run on the dolphins? Well, it's 100 to 100. You want to bet the hurricanes? It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big. All son of scutt at 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money match play bonus VIP sportsbook.com online. That's where you find a more column toll free. 1 866 VIP bets. That's 1 866 VIP bets.
When you call, be sure and tell me you heard about it here on prestigious sports obsessive neurotic QAM VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
We're sports radio 566 UAM. Yes, I need help.
I like the park in his face. That's why we think what gives him the right. I think it's why what I'll bite it off tonight.
I like the park in his face.
I can help Rick Riley. You're an asshole.
Come on, it's still no at 560 WQAM. Here's a facts from Chris who says this past Saturday was at the sublime restaurant for Lauderdale. At the table next to mine was a party of eight. I noticed the only male at the table was Mr. Rick Riley.
I didn't pay much attention. Then I heard Rick as the others at the table, ask the others at the table to join hands. As I looked over the Reverend Rick was leading the table in a prayer when the food arrived, poor suds it says. And you are absolutely correct.
Poor suds and it says, PS whatever happened to sony, he's the mumble somewhere. Thank you Chris for the incredible report.
You found religion. In fact, what's that other bit? The iPhone Jesus? Oh, I got to play that in the next. Don't let me forget. There's two iPhone Jesuses. There are. Just make sure you get the right one. I'm a stick of Hall of Hull. Right. Well, I don't have the other one. Really?
No. Have you got it there? Is it under Rick Riley? There it is. But what's it under? I found Jesus. It was on this Saturday morning.
Well, that's the Jim Skyter one. Right. Is that the one I got? Yes. Yeah, that's one. Okay. Quit trying to throw me off. Oh, you know what? The other one's what I saw. Jesus. I'm a stick of Hall of Hull.
Anyway, here is one this Jerry and Pity to spring. This is a good fact. So I'd like to nominate Tom Hanks for your nerd pool. This is one of the most uncool pop icons around. I looked up nerd in the dictionary.
Yep. There was this picture and shown right here. Get him on it right away. And it says I was checking the storm crack for Isabelle this morning. I too thought it was ironic to storm.
Miss South Florida could end up in Toronto by the weekend. A well, we wanted all man. We want Bubanak plague. We want a very, very, we go. We're ready for it. We survived. SARS twice and we'll survive anything. The blackout. You name it. We got it. A bad season by the Leafs. No playoffs. It's coming.
Now here's one that says I love this facts. How could we have forgotten the anxious bow tie wearing Tucker Carlson from Crossfire, which has been shortened to two minutes?
Tucker Carlson Tom Hanks. So we get these all on there. Yes. You're sure on emailing them. George Will. If I'm like. What is it? If I sound off mic, it's because I'm emailing weird. Al Dennis, Chris and it's when I bet her peace.
Even though he says a lot of stuff that makes a lot of sense. Also to one about Tucker Carlson says PS and Peach Bush, which I like a lot. Good idea.
Let's get right on it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 team for rise 9 266 votes. Who is the biggest nerd of them all Bill Gates 95 Carrot top 58 Paul Schaefer 25.
Rick Riley 24 doing well. Woody Allen 18 Adam Sandler 17 George W came from nowhere. He's up to eight votes already. And if he doesn't have enough to win, I'll steal some Brian or cross six Sean.
On hand of these six Mike Lupica five. J. Feedler's got a pair of big years. Ross T. Row one and George will want everybody else. Small potato so far, but we're adding to it. You're right. This is a pull much too important. Much to mammoth and significant. Right. To like short, change it. Too many nerds and so little time. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, number one vote for David. It's big. Definitely. Hey, man. And as far as some of the names you're naming like George will professional nerd. It's a poser. You know, he's probably a different person. Different. You know, not that I agree with his politics, but some of these guys put on a show.
But as far as you know, the political aspect, you know, I would be all I would agree with impeaching Bush completely, except who do we get?
Dick, we get a dick and dick and a lot of. So I'd rather have Alfredi Newman then you know, you already got there. Another dick in the White House. Now we couldn't have that. Well, I'd rather have Newman, Alfredi Newman.
I rather have the real one sounds good to me. At least we get a few laughs. Anyway, actually, you're probably right. And maybe the rest of the world wouldn't hate us like poison like they do now. Well, they would be laughing while they did it. Right.
It'd be more fun to travel overseas. Have a good one now. You too, pal. Thanks later. Here's one V. I wonder if that's Bobby V. Take good care of rubber ball. Remember rubber ball by Bobby V bounce. He bounce. He wants silly song. I land the night has a thousand eyes. Remember that? Sure. But I remember Phil Henry. I got into a big thing about Bobby V one day. I remember that no big day. A big thing. I mean, not for real, but it just he hated Bobby V. And I think he talked me into it. You know, are you sure?
Yeah, I talked to it hating him. No, not hating him. Here are some names that have been mentioned Jeff Goldblum. I know he's not a nerd. He's just a grotesque. Ben Stein. Ben Stein belongs on her. He's a nerd. Doesn't he also wear a bow tie? Anybody that wears a bow tie in my in my book is a nerd. Right. Chris Collins worth a Fox and HBO. Oh, I hate Chris Collins worth man. That's good. Put him on there.
And he's adopted this new since he's became a broadcast director's a marginal football career ended with the Bengals. He he adopted this affected way of speaking and maybe his voice keeps getting higher and higher. Pretty so he's going to be like Geldy.
Our own. Oh, yeah, our own local Hurrah, Hurrah ruins geek. Josie, Mr. penis face. Yeah. Joseph Gackie. Got it. That promo that we play of him calling that touchdown. That has I mean, why are we playing that?
Do we have any embarrassment level at all? Obviously that has got to be all the what's definitive. Joe just out of control. Let me say to you. Good guy. His play by playwork is so atrocious. There are no words for it. And I can't believe. Don't let me forget tomorrow.
A bus for else balls about that. Why does he suck it up to Zagaki? Is Joe? Maybe Joe is going to get him into that locker room at UM.
Well, he never gets enough the rape room. Ed and Ford Lauderdale says from the nerd poll, speak it of George Will.
San Donaldson of ABC News. That's a good choice. Another nerd. Although I don't know if he's so much of a nerd is a geek, but we'll put him in there anyway just because he's got the bad hair piece. The worst.
San Donaldson. And you know who else belongs on this? Who? Speaking of ABC News, how could they have all forgotten? Who's the show named after now? The former David Brinkley show George step on top of us. Right? Is that a nerd or George step on Opalus? Oh, how to help you spell just like I can do it. I can do it. Opalus. I got it. I got it right here.
George step on Opalus, man. He's another one also for the eye for the queer guy that that poll later on. A lot of stories about him just like they were about Erie Fleischer with a bald head.
Because generally speaking, it was bald guys. You know, it's other guys that are looking for them not women.
Here's one. It's just the suggestion you might want to read the nation's Wesley Clark editorial by Katrina Vanden who will be for jumping on the bandwagon. Did I jump on his bandwagon? He has a bandwagon.
I didn't even know he had one. I said was they was running, which I think is a good thing because I'd like to see the Democrats win the election no matter who they stick in there, even Mickey Mouse.
But I'll read this later on. I came to one of them on here.
Oh, this is probably from. Well, I don't know. I really don't know. Certainly not from the one I was touting Wesley Clark a couple of weeks ago. They either love or hate these people like the Howard Dean Badger of the professional Jew that's all been out of shape because Howard Dean told the truth about the Middle East.
And how we ought to keep our nose out of it. And if we're going to stick our nose into it, we ought to be like fear on a fair play level. Yeah, a little concept. Yeah.
That whole Middle East thing, man, it's been going on for thousands of years. And I've been telling you folks from every minute I've been on the year and will continue telling you it's never ever going to end.
You have two groups of people who are who's ultimate the goal is to drive each other into the sea. You're right. A case in the elimination of the other. Okay. Murder chaos may him bloodshed on a highway in every place else. That's it.
Nothing else needs to be said. And every time it looks like we have the own the roadmap. We're taking a step on a roadmap. We take 10 big steps back. Right. Just like that. Fall on our ass.
But just remember here's here's another settlement. Here's another suicide bomber. Here go two more settlements up. Here goes more bombs and Gaza helicopter gunship. Right. But remember it's a God of love. It's a God of law. Amen. Right. It's probably.
Oh God. 1156 at 560 WQM. If you love good food, but you're tired of being fat out of shape. Lethargic maybe diabetic on the verge of it. Balance for life is the answer so many. If you've been looking for everybody who's fat and I know from experience.
You see when skinny people talk about diets and about losing weight, they don't know their ass from my elbow. But I know it because I've been fat for a long, long time. I mean as high as 266 once upon a time. Is that incredible? That's disgusting. We still have some of those fatter pictures from IOD back in the 240 days. Balance for life is what you're looking for. Instead of munking your rubble, those other things that don't work. Those fads, the grapefruit diet, the assaulting diet, the army diet, the navy diet, the Air Force diet, all of that crap doesn't work. Balance for life is working for a lot of our
listeners and the beast is losing weight on again too that we finally threatened him with death if he doesn't got the crap. There's nothing to count. No calories, no carbs, even if you're stupid, even if you're like undecided because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, nothing to worry about except filling out your little menu once a week. They have two choices for every meal and snack every day that you're on a program and they deliver right to your door. No matter how lazy you are, this can work for because it delivered to your door to your work, to your home by 6 a.m. that little black sack. And in your sack, all the food you need for the whole day, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. All made with the best fresh
ingredients, nothing afrosan, no artificial ingredients, no preservatives, no chemicals, no crap. So let balance for life. Help you lose that weight once and for all get into shape and start seeing results on the skills within a matter of days. And of course the fascist you the results, the better you're going to stick on the program. Balance for life. Call them at 954-568-3229. 954-568-3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
Mystic Cheney. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour.
He used the bathroom and he said he didn't care and he was reading the sun's signal in his underwear. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be.
And there was a crucifix of it for all to see. I didn't see exiledation. I had come to mold alone. But I found Jesus in red by His charge.
I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by His charge. I was in red by
His charge. I was in red by His charge. That much That much That much That much That much That much That much That much That much That much
Oh brother, what a rip off. What a con artist. When you start stealing material from Rick Riley. Oh, although that was a Don and Mike.
We were talking about that just the other day, remember? Right. Would they stole payphone challenge? They call it telephone booth challenge.
Don and Mike. Well, right. The big one. That's got to be done in my fan, I think. No. You're not? When I said that the other day, I played that you got very upset.
In fact, I think that's what prevented you from getting on the payroll so far. We're postponing until you admit that Don and Mike below.
Where did you know down a mic from? They were up at any W for a short stint and it couldn't have been short enough. Don and Mike. Well, blow. Yeah, they were stealing everybody else's gig.
Everything that anybody else was doing, they were stealing it. Matt, chronic facts from Matt says, hey, Neil, my voters for George W for Uber geek, especially when he did the fight or pilot dress up thing.
Just because I dress up like Superman Halloween time doesn't make me Superman. Just because you put a cape on doesn't mean you like chicken.
See the attached image of the actual GW Bush fighter pilot, Donald, or realistic George W Bush, Frantboy, darling, loving kisses. Thank you, Matt. It's a beautiful thing. This is a great picture.
I emailed that guy to see if we can get a clean copy for the site. I like that. Yeah. The AWOL photo of George and Kiwana 71, the hysterically historically accurate action figure.
If they actually made W for Frantboy, I think it's important. I'd buy it. 10 if they have 100. I give them out.
Hurricane watch stretches more than 330 miles in the ass end of Isabella, supposed to be right here in Toronto where all the bad stuff eventually come along highway 12.
Very little activity that we've seen. You can see a fire engine maybe over there. You notice that all the network. These geeks are getting ready to do what they always do. Every time there's a big major storm, a tropical storm or hurricane.
They all get out there so they can stand in the middle of the wild, violent wind and land and look like they're getting blown away and some of them do.
They do. Yeah. Their lives are forfeit when they send them out there. Really? Some people get wiped out.
Can I help you with something? Oh, no, I was just. I'll tell you one thing. I'm serious about this. I got to get the Playboy TV off of my set because all of the show that they got, all of the movies they have.
Everybody in here is hot. Right? Seriously? Male, female, something between. I mean, everything down that they don't have any like very many ugly people on here. As opposed to the usual porn, which is loaded with some really unappealing nasty scabby looking people.
Purple scars. Oh, scratch marks. There's one that says I can't remember his name. But what about any of the pool that infomercial guy with a funky gray here and all the question marks on his suit? He sells books.
I'm let go. Who is it? Matthew Lesco. How did you know that? It's not infomercial. It's just commercials commercials. Hey, Matthew, let's go. He tells you how to get money from the government to like. How do you spell that? LESCO?
You got about what about him? We have a bit about Matthew Lesco and I didn't play act strange yet. No, but I will. Let me write it down.
Also, wondering if you ever considered writing a book on your own about the life and times in the arigas, I pay 2499 says Aaron and Palm Ito Bay. How about the little more like.
Third man. Yeah, that would do it. Here's some names for the poll. It says nerd poll Eugene Levy, Rick Moranis and David Letterman. Rick Moranis is about two feet tall. Rick Moranis. Let's get his ass on her. Rick Moranis. Anus.
David Letterman. David Letterman is a nerd. No, whatever. Thanks, Tracy and Kendall, but one out of three and I don't know who Eugene Levy is. Some Jew.
She's American pie, the father. SCTV. No, no, no, no, he's not the nerd, but the son in what this kid's name is in your right. That's the nerd Jason.
Bigs. That's it. That's because I just saw I preview for some movies and now Jason bigs. He's the nerd and making a fortune being that he's not a nerd like in a negative way, but he just is a nerd. You know, I heard he wasn't.
He wasn't what bigs. He wasn't big. No, okay. So there you go with the list is growing like crazy. We started last my fault for trying to like jam too much all into one day. Let's, you know, we got we got a lot of days, man.
We got a lot of days. Unless I wouldn't have freaking lottery for 17 million here Friday night. We got a lot of days. I think I'm going to start playing a Canadian lottery. You know what? You've cash before on that, right? No.
When did I cash on a Canadian lottery? I thought one year you because you play this spread thing. You know what I was down here and I was going to find mail. Yeah, I did cash. You're not that much. I don't remember what it was. It was insignificant.
But the jackpot 17 million if you cash in here, even though it's in the crappy Canadian currency, which is only worth 73 cents on American dollar, then you get all cash. You don't like, you know, it's not one of these annuity things or you pay taxes. It's tax-free cash on the barrel head. Here you go.
Give me the ticket. Here's your money. Have a great life. That's the way it should be because the lot of such a rip off anyway, such a scam and worse bet in the history of mankind. So why not give me the goddamn cash, okay?
Although I'm not in this is no great takes when it comes to taxes. Here you got the GST, the PST, the pain in the SSD by the time you buy even like a soda here.
People in buy like a coke, a dyed coke. Yeah, there's like a 27 cents tax on a goddamn thing. It's just, yeah, there's like a lot of tax. The GST, I don't know what that stands for.
General sales tax. I think that could be a guess or get screwed in Toronto. I think it stands for.
Two Naples students at home for wearing Confederate flag t-shirts. Naples, Florida, home in a beastly's by the way.
Who don't want to pay Scott and the money that he's earning. He's working there for free, which I think is illegal in the first place.
Shame on you people, okay? And by the way, Greg Reed quit using the sympathy of Don Cox's passing away as an excuse to be in cheap and I get into beastlies to pay this man some money.
That's an embarrassment, okay? I feel bad too about Cox. He was a good guy. I knew him a long time, worked with him several times.
We did always kindle throw the commercials together, informers, but you know something that one thing's got nothing to do with the other and kid curry showed up for work yesterday, okay?
And even Tanner who likes Cox a lot and still does, I'm sure. Even he's a continuing with his life. Yeah, it is a Tatter building remember.
It is the Tatter building. So, okay. So Greg, you know, we understand we feel your pain, but in the meantime, Scott's feeling pain in his wallet.
As in empties got like nothing but butterflies and they're like rumour. Naples to high school students were sent home early for from school for wearing t-shirts, wearing a Confederate flag.
Todd and Andrew Sloan students at Naples high school were among 17 students award these shirts sporting the flag yesterday.
Principal Gary Brown announced Friday. Yeah, oh, I see another word they were they were flaunting it because I'm just trying to absorb this because I read it hours ago.
Principal Gary Brown announced Friday that schools ban on the Confederate flag would be enforced because students had argued about the flag.
The ban is part of the school student code of conduct.
All of the students were told yesterday could either hide the Confederate flag by turning their shirts inside out or wearing another one or go home.
The Sloans were the only students to leave the building over the incident. My sons chose to support their southern heritage said their father Todd Sloan, who I believe used to play for the Chicago Blackhocks, who picked up his sons at 10 30 in the morning.
Remember Todd Sloan, Scott? No before you were born. I remember Stan McEda. Good, but that's good. That's how about Ted Lindsay? No. How about Mike Nicolick?
No, thank you. How about Tony Esposito? Yes. Great gold tender. How about Bobby Hall? Yep.
Naples officials see his sure way to turn off the audience star with a hockey stuff and then with the harness racing names like Gordon Fraser Jr.
Ray Crunk, Shelley Goodrow. Naples high officials ban all flags except banners for the US. The individual states are called your schools. The bank could now expand to all call your school said assistance superintendent Michelle Lugo.
We understand it's a symbol of southern pride. How high ever the court? Who says that? How ever? There's one of the who in Yahoo, politics. High yellow.
However, the court ruled it's also seen by many as offensive. Lugo said a news conference in May 2001 students wearing the Confederate flag at Naples high class with those who were celebrating Haitian Independence Day.
The issue over has been decided in a higher court. Haitian Independence Day. I was that when a pop a dot came in or baby doc.
Doc, good. Oh, Doc, good. Let's make another list of the worst druggies in all the sports.
In March 2003, the Atlanta based 11th, US Circuit Court of Appeals held a lower courts decision allowing schools to ban a Confederate flag. The court held the band in restraints students speech rights.
In Scott versus school board of a lateral county, the appeals court wrote part of a public schools essential mission must be to teach students a students of different races,
creeds and colors to engage each other in civil terms rather than terms of debate, highly offensive or highly threatening to others.
So in other words, just because you're in school with a bunch of other kids and you don't happen to like the way that they look or they're at the caratage or the color of their skin or something like that.
It's probably not a good idea to walk up and say you asshole right. Right.
No, well, I'm not a way to make friends and influence people in a positive way. You asshole. Like when you walk up to your colleague who's doing the very early morning show and keeps getting driven deeper deeper back into the wee hours in the morning and walk up to him and want to express how he you feel about the way he looks and smells and a whole ambiance of his person and say you asshole.
It's okay. Only a Q.A.M. We got special dispensation from the Pope, right? Thank you.
So there's another contra time since the red next in the deep South just can't get rid of that obnoxious hateful symbol which I see nothing different between that and the swastika.
But you'll ever convince those good old boys man. Good old boys 1213 at 560 WQA. Hey, forget about a symbol on the top of your head. Although you might have those three sixes on there. Wow.
I bet you William Holden get really psychotic about that. Or was it Gregory Peck? Which one of those older movies was it? Yes.
It was the Gregory Peck or one. Yes.
Anyway, if you got like a big bald spot and when you're checking for the three sixes and the hair doesn't grow back and it's just a big shiny gleaming spot there because you're losing that hair with male pattern baldness.
Charles Alfie Erie is the hero you're looking for because he's the best in the business using the latest technology.
Charlie produces sensational results for guys who need a lot of hair. Want a little bit of hair with the most amazing natural hair line system available in the world at any price.
In business for over 25 years Charlie's done it for the famous and the not so famous because even a millioners know that for no price in the world can they get a better looking ahead of real looking hair.
And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee after 30 days. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting hit like 10 15 20 times an hour Charlie give you a full refund.
So why you have to lose is that big glaring bald spot. And if you're all to call today and mention my name you can take advantage of your $200 nea Rogers discount too.
And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and probably can make that muskrat come alive for you.
So call tool free today 1 800 3 to 1 24 13. That's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13. You can look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again or get more info on his website at Charles Alfie Erie dot com.
My line and local. We're sports video 560. You a.m.
Joining us from the morning democrat of Massachusetts now an official candidate for his party's nomination. Don't interrupt.
Go to some phone calls you're watching Larry King live Denver Colorado hello. How will you pay off the deficit. You're going to have to kick back in more money now.
And by the way we're going to penalize every family in America.
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to talk about?
That was one of the funniest things in the history of South Florida television.
And for anybody who doesn't remember the glorious moment,
they came in.
What was the, they were interviewing me or doing a piece on me about something?
Yes.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
That was something.
And then, Mary, a set himself up as the self-appointed sensor of the New York Roger Show
with George Rodriguez hosting.
Right.
And so, Mary became very upset over the fact that you were in.
Of course, he was a good one to talk because he was busy harassing some abroad in the building.
But in any rate, so, Mary was all been out of shape over the eating ass shows.
And so, they taped the whole thing and they obviously were supposed to edit this segment to put on Channel 10 News.
Now, who was the female?
Was it the Christie Kruger with the cross-dies or was it somebody else?
I thought it was Christie Kruger, right?
Yeah, with Dwight Lutterdewight.
And so, they're going on this thing about, they're introducing about Neil Rogers, celebrates his 25th anniversary.
Yeah, it was my 25th anniversary.
25 years on the year in South Florida.
Of course, Neil is always unpredictable and Dwight Lutterdewl introduces it.
And here's the clip that I'm saying.
And I'm waving my arms, Fran.
If he has time, I want to do some time on the painting.
And I'm saying, Greg Trees, Todd George is talking about eating ass, eating ass.
And all of a sudden, we come back and Dwight Lutterdewl is as white as he will ever be in his life.
I mean, he is Ashen. His face is as white as he is.
He's got his face as well as his face for the unfriendly ghost.
Mouth a gape, I am.
Buggin. His mouth, his chin down to his knee.
And then, of course, they racked it up again and got later on and came back and showed the part that was supposed to be on here.
But that was only an accident. Probably the greatest piece of tape that was ever on Channel 10 in history.
I saw it.
I'm sure he's talking about eating ass.
This is a...
Sounds like big fun.
My eyes take out.
Oh, it was fabulous.
You had a see it. You had a be there to believe it.
I'm sure there's a copy around here somewhere.
We have it on tape.
But we still have it there somewhere.
I would enjoy seeing it.
Oh, you love it.
To see the look, the expression on his face.
And then, and he came back and he tried to salvage it by,
and they looked at each other and look at this belief.
Like, did that really just happen to deck it on the ear?
And like, wow, he sure is something.
And always loved to behold.
Oh, and of course, white was extra embarrassed because then he knew the word leaked out about him eating an ambitious ass,
even after she died, which was terrible.
That's why he had to shave off his mustache.
Actually, they were going to trace for Anne's DNA and his mustache.
That's why he had to shave it off.
Do you know that?
I'm going to puke.
Up until this day, you never knew that.
No.
Anyway, here's a fact from Quincy.
He says, first ratio is usually you're kicking ass.
You're absolutely right.
I just want to say this before I read the rest of Quincy's facts,
because I have a feeling that we're really doing it here with Pharrell on there now,
with Mad Dog going wild from 2 to 4 with a hump around in the afternoon for a couple hours today,
however much he feels like.
Whatever, whatever strikes his fancy at the moment and a Marlins on fire.
I think between 8 in the morning and 2 o'clock in the morning we're kicking ass with all apologies to Jo and Martin.
You know what I mean?
No.
So Thursday around 11.40.
Mark this down today's already Tuesday to 16th Thursday the 18th 11.40 and Anne.
We're going to be proudly saying.
We're in number one.
Today, man.
48 minutes time in the room.
Maybe not 8 minutes, but 30 minutes.
Time's in the wrong this radio station.
I think we're going to be kicking unless I'm wrong.
Now let me look at my drawer here.
Whistle of tune.
Because I don't really know.
Now let's use this year or last year.
What one of these numbers are?
Oh, this is from last year.
I have somewhere I have the sheet that's got the month by month a month, please.
Right?
I got it.
You do?
Well, no, because we're going to be dropping off May.
This is going to be June, July and Augusto.
See, this trend these three months, which is going to be 2 thirds of the summer book.
Now the May that we're dropping off was May good or bad.
I don't remember.
I'll have to go off here.
You don't have, you just got through saying you got it.
Hey, June was good.
No, not June.
May.
I'm not talking about June.
I'm talking about, I know June was asking, so was July.
I'm talking about May.
What are we dropping off?
pornography, pornography.
Here we go.
Numbers.
Yeah.
I mentioned there's a couple of good numbers in there.
He want hours.
If I knew this was going to be such a big project, I probably would have a great time.
I want to kill great time.
We got a lot of people there.
Why did we have to have one?
May was not great.
As compared to the other ones.
6, 4, and April 5, 1 in May, 7, 1 in June, as you know.
So may suck.
Right.
So we're going to be dropping off a terrible amount of the worst of the month.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Thursday could be a try.
I don't want to count our chickens before they hatch, but we'll be probably announcing.
We're number one.
We're number one.
We're number one.
We're number one.
Morning is going to be zooming up.
And we know it's going to be Scott.
Absolutely.
Now you don't know that for a fact.
I'll bet you most life on.
I don't know.
I know that was sarcasm in case you didn't hear it.
I knew that, but I'm just saying just to be more and put more emphasis on it.
I haven't bet.
So you think Clarice is going to get more enus this year?
1226 at 560.
Hey, if he keeps hanging out at you in with that blonde wig on his tippy toes.
I want to get in.
You know with him.
You know with him, man, that rear attack.
Hey, when your carpets are looking and smelling really funky, man, you know it's time to call dry concepts.
If you would call anybody else, you'd have to have your head examined.
I really mean that.
I've been using them in my house for well over 20 years.
They've been around in town for well over 20 years.
And nobody who's smart calls anybody else because nobody comes close to the job they do for you at a very, very fair guaranteed price every time.
When I say guaranteed, they give you a guaranteed written price before they start the job.
So you don't have to like pace up and down worrying about what they're going to rip you off when they get finished.
Dry concepts now is offering you a chance to say 15% of the next car per cleaning.
Better call them now, though, because it's giving me the end of the summer, the dog days.
This probably won't last all that long.
Just call dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071 has to be put in their stand by list.
And then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule.
It's the same ideas when you fly standby.
If you're ready, if you're available and they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price for you and they'll be there in no time at all.
So call dry concepts today has to be put in their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for it today or whatever day you call them.
And you'll get 15% off the regular already low price of the job.
You want a stupidest unbeatable job on your carpets, your draper, your furniture, all these things.
And lots more call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
And don't forget the great work they do on your oriental rugs and carpets too.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
And my and locals, this is 420-560-288-8808.
And beat that gator me.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future, act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and sing feelings while the kernels go snick-graggle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much.
Lick, stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills. One of them might work.
Occasionally ask a stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Mone a funeral.
Play GoFetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shor should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire, he'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to caretops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Pick up Bob Costas and toss him on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with Bob Costas and force a disdainous car seat.
Try to dribble Bob Costas.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill willed anyone, unless you don't like them, then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's-ange if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it.
Embraice it. Protect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Caron of not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
What about Martin Short?
What about him?
Is he a nerd?
Sure he is.
Okay, I mean I like Martin Short. Don't get me wrong, but he belongs on there.
Good news.
The Republican and the lead US Senate defied Bush administration opposition and voted today to recent new regulations allowing large media companies to grow even bigger.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
By a 55 to 40 both the Senate approved a resolution that would rule back the FCC rules allowing TV networks to own more local stations and preventing conglomerates to own a newspaper TV stations and radio outlets in a single market.
The measure faces a tougher battle if the House and the threat of veto by President Bush.
What does it say?
The measure faces a tougher battle and the House of Representatives in a threat of veto by President Bush of the reaches is desk.
The Republican led FCC narrowly adopted the new rules in June which would allow TV networks to own local stations that collectively reach 45% of the national audience up from 35% which was the previous law.
Under the new rules one company could own a newspaper or TV station and several radio stations in the single market lifting a decades old ban on cross ownership.
A company how about cross burning?
A company would also be permitted to own two local TV stations and more local markets.
The regulations were drawn up on a leadership of FCC chairman the anxious Michael Powell son of our secretary of state sell out colon.
I got all these maps here for your power who argue the relic limits were necessary to reflect the proliferation of cable satellite TV and Internet offerings as well as preserve over the broadcast TV TV networks like Viacoms Inc CBS news corpse Fox.
The anxious Fox contented they needed to acquire more local stations to better compete against cable and satellite TV service.
Critics ranging from the National Rifle Association to consumers union as well as Democrats and Republicans in Congress charge that the rules would narrow the choices of viewpoints and cut local news coverage.
That's so losing correct sure.
So for the time being it faces a rocky road it looks looks like we're okay for now.
For now.
Yeah, so Quincy fax and says first great show as usual you're kicking ass.
I don't know what I want to tilt your pole to become a jack pole but Ricky Williams will win this nerd pole plus the upcoming gay pole.
That's what you call killing two birds with one stone Ricky back to back.
Yeah, we heard those rumors about Ricky.
Okay about him and Rick Moranis.
P.S. it says somebody just said Tom Hanks picture in the nerd spot.
No, it says facts are look real good.
It's Ricky without the dreadlocks.
So we're going to put Ricky Williams on there. Why not?
Got everybody else on there.
If we can put Martin short white hell not Ricky Williams with those we've got to have one guy with dreadlocks.
We don't have any women on here.
I guess there are no women who are really nerds.
You don't think a woman is nerds.
Not generally but I'm sure there are if we think about it such as I don't know Jeanine Garoppolo.
Oh, that's terrible.
What about what's her name from Laverne and Shirley Penny Marshall?
Okay.
Is she a nerd?
I don't know.
She's like a dizzy broad.
Is there a difference between a nerd?
But there's got to be somewhere in a category to fit in here.
Now Hillary.
Now Wade, Hillary's a nerd.
What would you call her?
Oh, no bitch.
No, no, no, no.
Evil bitch.
Okay.
Oh, you thought I was going to see the sea with the ice in the water.
Yeah.
That's what I thought.
I see.
Boy Scout counselor charged with fondling teens at Keyscamp.
Alamarada.
A Miami man's been arrested on charges.
He followed 14-age boys from Pennsylvania to Boy Scout camping the Florida Keys.
Keith Walker, 26, was accused by the boys of reaching out of their bathing suits during
a scuba diving class at the Florida Seabase Camp on August 13.
The boys, ages 14 and 15, immediately reported the abuse of the camp's dental manager Dennis
St. Jean.
A very remorseful Walker was fired one hour later saying Jean said.
I wonder if he's really the Jean Val-Jean.
If I need to reread that, you know, less miserable.
Okay.
Wouldn't we all like to be less miserable?
Yeah.
Scott's going to steal some bread here in a minute.
What does that mean?
Isn't that what he did?
He stole a loaf of bread.
Yeah.
Hung out with the rats.
We'll put them up in my attic for safekeeping.
Walker was arrested Thursday.
Three weeks after he was issued for a forecast of ludenal civis hats on a miner said, Becky
here and spoke to him for the Monroe County Sheriff's Orifice.
Detective said an earlier arrest was delayed when Walker evidently avoided his Miami apartment.
Walker held on $150,000 bond with the Return of Monroe County to face the charges, face the music.
The alleged following took place halfway through a scuba certification program in a dive tank
intended by a group of 18-age boys from the Philadelphia area, St. Jean said.
Walker singled out four of the teens and took them one by one to a section of the tank away from their group
where the abuse allegedly occurred, St. Jean said.
St. Jean said, voice god policy, dead off possible sexual abuse mandates that no boys can be alone with one adult.
Another adult counselor was an attendance but another location in the dive tank when the alleged farmling took place.
Walker had cleared the camps background, checking top there for three summers in the spring session.
St. Jean said he had no percklement work in Florida.
So there you go.
He reached allegedly into their bathing suits during a scuba diving class
and we really can't only imagine what he found in there.
Something.
It was checkered for hernias.
Could be.
20 to 1 at 560 WQM got the mad dog, Jim Mandage.
And two we got the Humper on briefly today at Tuffa-Sum again, 4 to 630, including 1 hour to rob Conrad, 05 to 6.
So it's like basically another day off.
And Humper is like a perpetual vacation.
He's learning.
Marlins on deck at 630.
Boy, this is a pressure packed night.
Marlins at the Phillies, the Marlins were the game and a half lead on Philadelphia for the Wild Card and the National League right now with only 13 games left.
Marlins at the Phillies, 705 we got the game tonight to call by the incredibly boring Dave Van Boring and the outstanding Booster, Shamby,
Eddie K after the game and Joe Mark overnight.
That's the agenda.
That's the schedule.
On QAM where it hits just keep on coming.
But I'm glad that we're dropping off a bad May man.
And then it's we got all the possibility, huh?
I forgot all about May.
Yeah, it means we got a possibility of a really big, big one.
Maybe even bigger than the one I take, I pulled out of those bathing suits.
Twenty to one at QAM announcing a 2003 neo-rodgers blow out sale going on right now at Halibut, Pontiac GMC.
Talk to my good buddies, Tom Limon and Joe Prado and save your selfish.
Bitload a cash and hell it even more than usual.
Here's special legal deal number one.
Save yourself up to $7,000 with a high rebate to the Air Plus deep, deep discounts way down into your pantaloonies.
Neal deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years.
And listen to this. You can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 for just $279 a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and only $2,000 a pocket.
You heard right, you pay only 279 bucks a month.
Halibut's also got great deals on Yukon's and Analyes for you.
And as always, Halibut's got an unbeatable A-stupendous gigantic selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs that even depend your life on or scots its case may be.
And if you're one of those people under Ladi out there whose credit isn't perfect, maybe have a blemish or two and on your credit record as well.
It's never a problem at Halibut because the whole idea is they want to sell you a vehicle.
It's a 2003 Nearage's Blowout sale is going on right now at Halibut's Pontiac GMC-134-01 South Dixie Highway that's good old US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more information on these spectacular unbeatable needle deals called the Neal Deal Hotline toll free, 1-885-344-11.
That's 1-888-5344-11.
Don't forget all Neal Deal subdivided, provolce our buddies at Halibut details.
Halibut Pontiac GMC wants you buy a car there once you go in there.
You'll agree with me. They really are professional grade.
My life and locals, this is 4205 City, the way you am.
But we get a soft summer of breeze, we get so hyper-fatter-linked like that sex-rich sweet.
This is our philosophy, for it's our philosophy and I'm sure you will agree.
People aren't funny out there, everybody.
Prop 46 and 560 WQM hysterical, he's the hysteria specialist to channel 4 Brian Recross.
Guess what Brian, bad news for, there is no chance.
I mean zero, zipity doodah that Isabel has been in any way affect impact South Florida.
And even though Hurricane Washington issued for 330 miles of the Mid-Atlantic coast today,
as thousands of residents are waiting, Hurricane to show up, Isabel weakened to a category two storm with 105 mile hour winds.
Ah, that's a pussy. It's definitely fun to try and land in on Friday.
Why are you so negative, you are so sour just because you're not getting paid because you're going to be landing in the middle of a hurricane?
You got to cheer up about these things.
What are you laughing about? I sat here through two episodes, I lived here through two episodes of SARS,
the blackout for 13 hours.
You see what I'm saying?
Mad cow disease.
Mad cow disease, West Nile virus.
Mocking hot.
So, some tainted meat.
We had some real bad meat in the city here.
I've seen some of it.
It says the hurricane watches it issued for specific coastal areas that face impossible threat from Hurricane generally within 36 hours.
At Rappaport, sounds like a good Jewish boy.
Deputy director of the Hurricane Center said Israel, Ah, Isabel, will be one of the strongest storms seen in the landfall.
They're in last several decades.
Uh oh.
Oh, I feel a lot better now.
But by the time it gets here to, uh, Toronto, if it stays on at the course, which they seem to everybody to tell us that it is,
it's going to be just a lot of wind and rain, a lot of, you know, a lot of hot air like Brian Norcross.
And what's wrong with a little bit of rain and wind, huh?
It's exciting as long as it, you know, what I'm saying?
No.
As far as you got enough common sense to come in from outside.
Oh, I got this article about Vegas, which I hope I have time for about Sin City returning.
Remember how they went a few years ago to the family thing and they like, uh, wanted to change it.
So the families would come and bring little kids.
Guess what?
Bad mistake. Turned off a lot of the regular patrons and a lot of people would like to go there.
Because when you go to Vegas, you want to go to a wild and woolly place, not a place where they're much a punky little kids screaming and crying, carrying on.
We want filth and vice.
Right.
So Sin City returns. That's a good news for ABC News.
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Who's the biggest nerd of them all Bill Gates leading Carrot Top one oh four to seventy after that small potatoes.
Woody Allen 33 Paul shape for twenty seven Rick Riley twenty five George W. went on early, but he's moving up twenty one Adam Sandler 18 by an R cross eleven.
George will ten everybody else to go digits so far.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good. All right.
I like to participate on your poll.
Go right ahead.
I'm kind of conflict that I got two names and maybe you can help me late night. Mr. Conan O'Brien is a big choice.
I like that. He's all right.
And what about the Ashton butcher?
As he found a nerdy kid, he can't.
I like to. There's something very strange about him. There's something really weird. He has like a little girl's body.
Yeah, he's freaky.
I got full put a minor. Ashton Kutcher.
Yeah, I guess for the kids.
I guess something I wanted to tell you to do. My ones have a deal and I know everybody's getting a little excited about the baseball.
I'm going for on the bandwagon.
For fifty bucks a seat, you go plot some money on. You can put down for postseason tickets.
Right now, if you can.
Why?
You make a little deposit and they will.
Yeah. Sounds good, huh?
It sounds like a weiner to me.
I have a great day.
And I think they're going to make it too. I think they're going to do it.
I do too. I really do. Have a great day.
You two pal, thanks.
I do like that. Like I said, I'm not going to jump on a bad way at all.
We love the marlins. I'm not doing that. But like I also said, it's something positive, something exciting in the community where generally most of the crap that happens is crap.
It's sour. Kind of like sour like that first off again.
That home opener. They lost to a little girl's team. Sour.
Everybody was more sour than usual.
How about Hank Sour? You used to play right field for these Chicago Cubs?
Kass must macho. Hank Sour. Hank Bauer.
George Sour.
Football.
Wasn't George Sour like the coach of the Bears?
Now is George Hallis.
George Sour. Yeah. How was George Hallis?
Who the hell was George Sour?
Receiver for the jets.
Oh, I don't know who that is. Good. I feel better about that.
See, if I knew all that sports trivia, I'd feel like really bad.
Like maybe I've been working on a station too long, which is obviously two in the first place.
But when you're on too many sports nerds, all you start thinking about morning new nights happening to you is sports.
Yeah.
Oh, that was good.
Oh, man.
Well, that's still reverting right and all the way back up here.
All the way over to God and Lake Ontario. They'll probably be here and that and Rochester pretty soon at Vick and Herbs.
I'm excited that we got Vick and Herbs on here. That's a good nice job, but Todd Wreck.
I keep us to just answer the message. You know, they shouldn't call him direct. They have a raffle.
I beg your pardon.
That's why you get your Rochester Whitehots to a Vick and Herbs. All the good Rochester stuff.
They're real the emis, the real Rochester stuff, not make believe.
Here's a lady. I can't believe we actually have a lady online from Coconut Creek. Hello.
Hi, I'm Danielle.
How are you doing?
It's the Christy kid.
All right. How are you?
I'm doing great.
Haven't heard from you in a very old Koonz age.
Well, I've been recuperating. So I'm doing great now.
Good.
I have the ultimate nerd.
Okay.
You might recognize the name Screech.
Oh, yeah.
The Drafton Diamond.
Uh-huh.
I think he is like the ultimate nerd.
Now, who do we want to call him? Just Screech?
Call him Screech, yeah.
Everyone knows who Screech is from Sayabai DeVell.
Absolutely.
I saw his comedy show.
Well, it's funny, but it's like, come on. He's Screech. He's at the work.
Right. Good choice.
Thank you.
Thank you, Do-A-Wall. Thanks.
Goodbye.
Screech. Now, what about the, uh, welcome back, Carter.
Who is the nerd on that show?
Horshack.
Oh, yeah. Horshack.
Oh, hello.
Hello.
If it act, that's too old.
That's the end.
Ancient history. When I want old nerds.
Who's the biggest nerd of them all? Bill Gates. That was George's choice.
106 votes.
I don't think they're going to catch old Billing Bill.
Although, I guess if you're going to be a nerd and you have the kind of money he's got, you don't get it flying.
Call me whatever you want.
Bill Gates, 106.
Yeah, he's an asshole. He's an obnoxious and his whole microsoft.
And we hate them like that.
Oh, I wish they would go away.
Carrot Top 72, Woody Allen 34.
So it's strictly a two-houset race.
Is George W. Moving up?
Rick Ries had a George W.
Oh, why Rick?
They haven't forgotten, man.
Of course, you don't want to always had to bug up your ass about him.
He'd put it there.
And to see now, at least enough time is gone by you admitted it.
Now you're not denying it anymore.
But it's all past tense. We mended our fences.
You're the one that wanted to bid that.
But what do you mean I wanted to admit it?
Well, we had our problems and we got over it.
Yeah.
But they ended as soon as I didn't have to work that show anymore.
As soon as you didn't have to talk to him anymore.
Right.
He's a tough...
How do I put a tough guy to like?
You know what I mean?
I like Rick.
I actually...
You won't believe this.
I actually like Rick.
I like Rick.
I like Rick.
I like the Rick and Suds show when he's not talking stock market.
No, no, that's a different story.
We're talking about personal now.
But I mean, I actually like Rick.
But he's just...
I don't know.
There's something about him that he makes it difficult.
As opposed to Suds, he's just like a teddy bear that everybody wants to love
and hug you just a good guy.
But Rick is just...
I don't know.
He's the only worse enemy.
Is that what it is?
Yup.
He doesn't help himself.
Is that why you always referred to him as that asshole we used to work with?
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Okay, I've got your first email for the list.
Excellent.
Wiki Lake.
Yeah, Rick, he Lake is a nerd.
That's a nerd.
A geekette.
Yeah, she's a geek.
That's good.
Okay, and I got two guys for you.
Okay.
Brian Gumpo?
Yeah, he's horrible.
He's...
No, he is horrible, but he's not a nerd.
He doesn't fit in the nerd care.
He's just obnoxious.
He's...
What's the other one?
From Fox News, Neil Cuvuto.
He's just financed with anything he is.
Yeah, he's just an asshole.
Yeah, well, he's a nerd at an asshole.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
City is a nerd.
So I'm not putting him on.
I'm putting Ricky Lake on there.
We've got to have one woman.
Yeah, he's a nerd.
I said, you've got to have one woman.
No, the other.
Well, now that we know all about, let's see.
Wesley Clark is going to announce the right.
He's running and Hurricane is down to a category two.
And it's coming up here right down the Yonge Street all the way to Lake Ontario.
Now, those are real.
What I try, you can't see this.
You can just...
I think Grail knew that.
No, I can't describe those peaks.
What cup size is you all?
Yes.
About 48, typically.
I don't know, I'm not good at that.
That's not my...
Not my bag.
Those are your bags.
Fun bags.
I can't describe those peaks.
I can't describe those peaks.
I can't believe that not every red blooded heterosexual male in America
has subscribed to the Playboy channel.
I bet you've Scott was getting paid any money.
He'd subscribed to it.
Hard to have a TV when you live under an overpass.
Well, see, this is the way it is.
George forgot to tell you, but the last guy who had that job that you're in right now,
you inherited his spot under the overpass.
Oh, yeah.
So why the hell should you move up in a world where you can just live in the same comfortable
on the same blanket that he used to live on?
That's time I saw him.
He's living under this console.
Before his eyeballs popped out, barely living.
Wow.
Well, listen, we had any update on him.
No.
Good.
I don't want to hear about it.
And to think that I actually rewarded him for the work he was doing on the internet,
I'm on moron.
You know, I'm a schmuck.
I have got to be the most, the easiest person.
I got to be an imbecile.
No, I am.
What do you mean by that?
No, that's right.
You're responsible for slumping him in there, for forcing him on us.
Mm-hmm.
Here's one.
Yeah, that is it.
If we like, give you a million dollars to tell us the truth.
I told you.
For free.
Trump 57 at 560 WQM, if you want to see the best in horse race,
cymbal casting, and how he'd over to Pompato Park,
Carnage Track.
Wasn't that something that Rich called yesterday that was really amazing to have us wish him a happy birthday?
I did.
Keep losing that weight, Rich.
He's lost 600 pounds just since that phone call yesterday.
Pompato Park is open every day at seven nights and days,
a week featuring the best in a harness, third bread, and high-light action too
from across North America for you to watch and wage your own.
And don't forget to Pompato Park.
General parking and admission are always free.
You can enjoy plenty of free seating and hundreds and hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from.
Or you can get a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just two bucks.
And it's all done in a smoke-free environment.
Come watch and wage your this Thursday September 18 on the $600,000 little brown jug from Delaware, Ohio.
You can't beat those jugs with a special post-time of 11 a.m.
And you know what?
I can watch you right here on the air.
Mark that down.
Don't let me forget because I got the racing channel here.
Okay.
This Thursday at 11 a.m.
And you can watch it and plunge on at the Pompato Park.
This Saturday it's the $700,000 Canadian Trident Classic at Mohawk Raceway right here in Toronto, Canada.
And don't forget racing fans.
Pompato Park will be back in action with the start of their 40th anniversary season of harness racing beginning Friday October 10th.
It's just a matter of a couple of weeks away.
Pompato Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road called 954-972-2000 for the daily SamoCAD schedule.
Or go on the web at PompatoPark.com and don't forget Elmer Conrad is got.
Friday local business is 560.
Radio's on your side.
Q&A.
So I need to hour.
Oh.
TV and radio are totally in control with lives in this information.
Sure.
They don't want you to know about the globalist assholes.
Bang from the whole damnation.
The economy took a crap getting slaughtered in Iraq.
I'm a push-decade of traders.
All the people that want to know is only one way to go.
You got to regen newspapers but...
Story.
What it cares about does it say?
It's gonna be happening to me.
Nobody cares about the...
Bang!
Holy Apricot!
Yeah!
Then they say what did you say?
When they were never gonna believe you are anyway.
Don't bother me with too much information.
I don't want to read it.
I don't want to believe it.
Don't confuse me with the facts.
I'll get the fair and balanced say the mentally challenged.
When they leave all this fuel for news, they don't lie.
Oh.
But it cares about it.
Hey!
I'm glad you're all right.
Everything's just fine.
So one of few people died.
I can't be concerned with that.
I'm busy picking things up my ass.
I don't say anyone else.
They say they're looking California.
As you fuck all of them, what's up?
OJ!
103 at 560 WQM.
Biggest nerd says the facts.
You're Todd Tongue in Channel 10.
I would agree with that.
Todd loves this show, by the way.
Good.
And our poll question for him.
Who is Todd Tongue and does Don know?
Is he the one that does that 10 taxi embarrassing thing?
He does all those silly feature wets, whether...
Whatever.
He's a silly person.
He's Channel 10's professional silly person.
Todd Tongue, you don't know who that is?
If he does the 10 taxi thing that I know who it is.
He's a silly person.
By the way, Eric is doing it, baby.
Right on our website.
Take a look at that.
Look at the quality of that card.
It's not a cartoon of it.
Well, it's whatever you would call it.
It's a card thing.
It's a picture.
Look at the quality of that.
4W.
Historically correct action figure.
A wall photo.
Actually, it doesn't say photo.
What does that say underneath?
What is that?
What does that say?
LUT or what are the first...
I can't make all of this.
Huh?
On the video tape, it says,
A wall something underneath it.
He's got the sees.
Hold on that bottle.
A wall, Pluto.
Pluto?
Pluto.
Tijuana 72.
He's got the Mexican hat on.
The A wall outfit.
And he's got the bottle of a tequila, whatever, in his hand.
It's a beautiful thing.
That's W, baby.
And it's right on time.
Oh, and there's a couple of bottles down by his sneakers, too.
He sneaked in, man.
Right on top of Yoda Mota.
I still have an error.
Thank you.
What?
Those are the empties.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
L. President, they got religion, baby.
He put away the booze.
He put away the powder.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing today?
Pretty good, sir.
I'm not stinking, nerd.
It's female.
Like Anne Colfer and Nancy Grace.
What do you think, George?
Okay.
Okay.
Definitely Nancy.
Nancy Grace.
Oh, there's a piece.
Here's the one on the pew, huh?
If she's going to be on her, Anne Colfer's going to be on their tomb.
Hey, Colfer's got to be on there.
Absolutely.
Okay, thank you, sir.
I'm going to do it there.
Have a great day.
There you go.
What do you say?
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 80.
What we have here is a failure.
Yeah, we'll get some women on there just for equal time.
I don't think they're going to do all that great because there are other words I would have, you know, for some of these people, especially like for Anne Colfer.
You know, like, he more evil.
That would be more like a little.
I'm a good partner.
Isn't she more evil?
See, he's interrupting.
And I mean, he's definitely not going to appear with at least two more weeks.
Now, we've already done those evil doer things.
Okay, I realize maybe you weren't sitting in that seat at the time.
We've done those evil doer things.
We're way ahead of you.
We're like light years ahead of you.
In fact, we're almost to the bank.
Now, when you get to the bank, you have to have a check to cash.
So I would stop in your tracks right now and turn back and see if there's one waiting for you in your bitty and for rise in line.
Who is the biggest nerd of them all?
Got a pretty heavy duty list here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What's up, Nio?
How you doing, sir?
Actually, even though it's kind of late, I do have three nerds for three different categories.
I got a Hollywood nerd, a media nerd and a sports nerd.
Yeah.
My Hollywood nerd has got to go to Toby McGuire.
Yeah.
My media nerd is Tucker Carlson from CNN, the bullseye guy.
And a sports nerd has got to be Greg Maddox.
You're by a letter of grace, the picture.
With a silly glasses, yeah.
Yeah.
He's a...
He...
Whatever you think nerds in sports, he's got to be the normal.
Close somebody forgot to tell Greg that he lost it a couple of years ago.
Somebody please call him and tell him.
He doesn't wear glasses anymore.
Thanks a lot, Bob.
He wears them.
He just wears contacts on the field.
Yeah, right.
On the field you don't see him, but he wears them in real, real nerdy glasses too.
Old-fashioned silly, uh, uh, thanks a lot.
All right.
See you.
Scott, you're, uh, I hate to break the news, do you?
But...
He does wear the contacts when he's pitching.
Right.
But he doesn't wear them like you'll see him in the dugout.
I mean, like, he's just in the dugout not pitching on that day.
Yeah, I'm glad.
He's got them, those silly, silly goofy glasses.
Greg, when that is, is a good choice.
Okay, nobody knocking this guy just because he happens to be a little dark-complexed.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60,
pound 5'60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Greg, I hate to break the news.
Yeah, I loved you when you wore the cubs back in those glory days,
but you lost it.
You couldn't give the...
Pharrell out.
Out of what?
Out of that seat.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Hill.
Yes, sir.
With a Keith Overman in Al Rogers.
Wow.
Wow.
I like Keith Overman on there.
Al Rogers is an inside thing, which he's absolutely right there.
That's a nerd.
That's a real stalking nerd.
Keith Overman?
O-L, Overman.
O-L, B-E-R-M-A, and Keith Overman.
That's what I keep a bit screaming about.
I never get any response on it, but everybody knows what I'm talking about,
because it's a sports nerd station.
He's been on every one of the...
He was on MSNBC, then he was on Fox.
He was on ESPN.
Now he's back on Fox again, with his point one sheer.
This man thinks that when he speaks in his deep centurion tones,
he reminds me of somebody we got in our station.
Absolutely.
Who thinks that when he speaks with that centurion voice,
that the world is hanging out every word,
and instead of word, it's more like...
You've turned.
I mean, nobody cares.
Keith Overman, an ego, the size of Texas,
the size of Uranus.
Can't stand that son of a bitch.
Man, talk about a self-important, self-absorbed...
He reminds me a little bit of a sportsy, although now he's Newsy.
He's a comedian. He's whatever they want him to be.
He reminds me of Charles Groden.
Only even more serious and more humorless and more deadpan and more like...
Oh, God.
What... who... how do you kiddin' Keith?
Okay?
You can't keep a job longer in five minutes, you jackass.
And I guarantee you that the sports nerds,
including some of our friends on our radio station,
probably think he's just the cat to me all because he's a sports nerd.
There's one of them, that fraternity, that Romeo, homo...
Oh, homo.
That homo thing.
Here's a call from Davy. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. I think one would be McCalley Culkin.
Good choice.
And how about Ray Perry?
That's gonna work.
Docuilator pie.
Okay.
We're getting some inside names on here.
We like Ray, but Ray is definitely a nerd.
Here's another one, seven, inside.
How about you, Martin?
Take the inside call on seven.
Another inside call?
Inside person.
I see. Lady in West Palm. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Has anybody mentioned the bird?
The bird?
The bird?
The bird is dead.
Yes?
Yeah.
Oh, that's so sad.
I know.
How makes me feel really bad?
Well, tonight I can tell.
Can I put something in on the gate call, even though it's...
Sure, go ahead.
We'll keep it in mind.
Go ahead.
That guy came, Bill Kamali calls himself.
Yeah.
I saw him in the public at the beach.
He was wearing like a speedo, a speedo.
In tight speedo with a muscle shirt.
So he's got to get on the top of the list for me.
She makes a big splash wherever she goes.
Believe me.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Miss Kamali.
Although it was Miss Kamali pretending to be anything other than
whether or not she's well known.
It's 11 past 1 at 5.60 WQM.
As some of our people in the program, they'll probably tell you.
Hey, if you're underpaid overworked or underappreciated,
how would you like to have a new hot paint career before years end?
Scott.
Pick up the protocol, fast train.
Something to be able to think about.
Something to keep in mind instead of getting jerked around in this radio business.
Maybe actually have some skills and make a real low paycheck.
Say the number slowly, please.
In which, in your case, any paycheck would be better than what you're making now.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
They can have you trained in certified before years end.
In fact, you ought to be certified like Insane if you're continuing to work for QM for free.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow.
There's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career.
Fast-Train offers job placement assistance.
Convenient to evening weekend schedules.
With six Florida locations, including the couple in Tampa, by the way, Scott.
And four in South Florida, this might be one nearby.
You are wherever you're going to be living.
Fast-Train offers financial assistance.
The people are qualified.
So call fast train today.
Get out of your dead end job.
Quit working for free or next to it.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
No excuses, no more.
Working for peanuts.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com.
And then call them tool free like Scott's going to do momentarily.
At 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
We are sports radio 560-UAM.
President of the United States, Al Gore.
I have recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take pot shots at the president.
I have reappeared.
Much like Puck's Attani Phil, the Groundhog creature that reappears each year
to determine whether or not we'll have an early spring.
I wish it to be known, but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine miners in Pennsylvania over the weekend.
I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog.
However, I feel the American people have arrived to know the truth.
Here's what happened.
Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I will race to the sink.
I lowered myself into the mine using an old Ron Popeel pocket fisherman and some bailing wire.
Down, down, down, into the depths of darkness I think.
Never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those men on the ground.
When I reached the miners, they said to me, hey, you're the guy that invented the internet, right?
I said yes.
We all had a Mike's Hard lemonade, which I brought with me down into the hole, and then we sat around and re-enacted the fart scene from blaping saddles.
I thought you should know the truth.
And now, much like the Groundhog creature Puck's Attani Phil, I'll think back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again.
This is the Al Gore, sleeper hero.
454 votes. How could we have left off Al Gore?
Right?
So we thank who's thanks to Zed on?
Keith and Boca, thank you, which he's got a bunch of.
Who's Christian and Glover? Who is that?
Actor Geek. He was in Charlie's Angels most recently.
Birdie. I don't know if you've ever seen him in anything.
No. Should we put him on here?
Sure.
Christian and Glover, get him on here. Why not just to give Eric more work to do?
Poor Eric.
But anyway, nice job on that picture, Eric.
Excellent. Everybody check that out. A wall bush.
Who's the biggest nerd of them all? Bill Gates, 116.
Caratops 73. Woody Allen 42.
Paul Schaefer 31. He has a wife, you know.
I've got it. If there's anybody that just, I mean, he floats like a butterfly.
Big ladies, man, they say.
George W. 29, Rick Riley 29, tied with the president.
And I bet you I know who Rick Riley voted for, and it wasn't Pat Buchan in this time.
Adam Sandler 18. Brian Orcross 14. Ben Stein 13.
George Will 12. Mike Lupica 10. Joe Zagaki 9.
J. Feele. Look at that. J. Feele is right on your ass, Joe.
J. Feele is Sean Hannity Ross P. Row.
Each have eight. Screech has got six. Bob cost his five. Tom Hanks five.
Rick Moranis has got three.
Isn't that what almost everybody wants? Moranis?
Sure.
Depending. Why not?
I don't care for licorice myself.
We're now the academic two. Tucker Carlson's only got a pair.
George step on top of us two.
Clay Aiken 2. Chris Collins worth one. Only one.
Perricchi William Sam Donaldson. Dennis Kucinich. Matthew Lesco.
I have no idea. I guess I do. I just don't ever stop and watch that.
With a question marks, you're lucky.
Who's the character in Batman with a quite the riddler?
Yes.
With a question marks.
Excuse me.
Tim Burton won Jason Viggs won.
And no votes.
This should really break your heart.
No votes for David Spade.
Or Martin Short.
Or Conan O'Brien or Aston Cutcher or Ricky Lake or Richard Dreifist or Todd Tongan.
And other than anything hop back up on Tomp again.
Or did I say Martin Short?
I'm in.
Holder Nancy Grace Greg Maddox or Keith Olberman don't have any out of 450.
Todd Tongan must have just got one. He must have just be.
Yeah, he just got one.
Probably quite a lot of day. I'll vote it.
Hey Dwight, we're delighted that you listen to the highly rated Neil Rodgers.
Show and don't worry about that eating ass thing.
Everybody in town loved it.
Biggest female nerd of all time speaking of Channel 10.
Janor Reno.
I think she deserves to be on there.
The nerd lady.
She's at least as butchers Ricky Lake ever dreamed of being.
Anyway, this facts from Keith and Bokey.
He's got a whole list of people besides Christmas.
Matthew Broderick.
He's a little nerdy, but I don't know.
Up his old news.
Drew Kerry.
I would just describe Drew Kerry as fat and untalented, but nevertheless Drew Kerry can put him on her.
He's nerdy with a silly glasses of the whole deal.
Jerry Lewis.
Now pick it on.
I'm Jerry with his head blown up like a bullfrog.
Sounds really enjoyable to me.
I mean, like a bad taste.
Jerry Lewis.
I wouldn't think of Jerry.
No, it's just annoying.
Right.
At this point with you.
Right.
And one thing about that telethought if you're watching off of it.
I don't make this.
Right.
And Regis?
Regis Philbin.
Is he nerdy?
Just regular.
Yeah, I wouldn't say Regis.
Don't think picking on Regis.
Especially when Hot Show is out with her.
By the way, I like her a lot now.
Whatever her name is.
Kelly Ripa.
Kelly's Ripa.
Even though she isn't as happy.
She's pretty more than you.
I don't want her as much as I used to.
She appeared in a fundraiser for, um, who was it?
Howard Dean or some Democratic fundraiser.
It's a big nail.
It's big enough both of us.
So we got to like Kelly a lot.
She has an Audi.
Though she really.
Yeah.
Regis hasn't any so much to work out pretty well.
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Nerds.
Here's a call from Okitobi where they have a lot of nerds.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
How are you doing?
Oh, just wonderful.
I can't believe you don't have Alex can always on that pole.
Yeah, he's a little nerd.
That's, he's perfect.
I would think so.
Absolutely.
He's on it now.
And have a great day.
Well, he just kind of vanished off into the wilderness of Okitobi, which could be anywhere.
I'll tell you that'd be a good pull, which is the most the end of the throw.
Okitobi, Pahoki or Temple Terrace or Luke's.
Okahumka, two egg.
Well, yeah, who man.
I'll tell you once you get south of like what, Pennsylvania.
No, see, I mean, you look at the map and you think well, Pennsylvania.
That's where they'll up north while you're right.
The most of America is like the deep south.
He really is.
Take a look at the map.
Now, I'm just out of my memory.
Like what's under Pennsylvania's like Virginia, right?
Right.
And West Virginia.
And a Carolina's exactly.
There's the north and the northeast and some of the upper Midwest.
And then there's like the West Coast, Washington, Oregon and California.
And then other than that, those are the Cowboys states anyway.
Other than that, you got like Yahoo America's Yahoo place.
And you wonder why George W. was able to fix the election, make it that close?
I don't wonder.
Say Yahoo place, you got your Utah and Wyoming and Nevada.
Although Nevada's got enough wild and oh, that reminds me, since city returns.
See how this all fits together sooner or later?
Segway.
I fell into another bucket of crap.
Can you smell it?
In the back seat of a limousine, a self-reward woman is breathing heavily as she runs her finger
through her shofarer's hair.
Oh, I probably could find some sound effects for that.
Wait a minute.
Oh, careful.
If you could see what I'm looking at.
I'm looking at it.
I'm looking at it.
What?
Yeah?
That's spankin' like mine.
That's spankin' like mine.
It's cursing up my pulse and it's like, oh, hmm.
All right then.
How about that?
How about that?
How about that?
Hello, sports fans.
Well, that's what she was doing.
You might use a good sport all right?
The fish before?
That's how it went.
She's breathing heavily as she runs her finger through the shofarer's hair and rubs her arm
against the air.
Yeah, that's how one of the new commercials for Vegas begins.
It's part of a $25 million market in campaign.
The city is kicking off under the slogan, what happens here?
Stay's here.
The commercials are about freedom and expressing yourself a coin to build Vesalene, Vesalene,
whose company R&R Partners created the ads.
They're about releasing your own inhibitions and creating your own fantasies.
Like the one that I got on there, I'm watching right now in George and Scott only,
which they were watching.
The ads depict the Vegas that's an adult's only destination and one with an X rating that's
in the 50th their own bound, something no place else does, is sex and element of that.
Of course, Vesalene said.
The idea of transforming Vegas into kind of an erotic fantasy land comes at a time when gambling revenues are down.
A lot of people want to go down, but the revenues are down because they aren't doing it in Vegas like they used to.
Researched by the University of Nevada's from the amount of time they ever had to spend to the casino tables
has dropped significantly in recent years.
That means tourists are spending their money someplace else.
In 1998, there were just five strip clubs in the outskirts of Vegas.
Today, there are 20 all-ek located with a few miles of the major hotel.
Oh, right!
The after member of that strip club used to be a place where people used to go around some red light district
and town hide from everybody else, said Dolores Eliadis of the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club.
Now they walk in the front door sometimes with their wives, often times with their girlfriends, and enjoy dancing,
and humping and whatever else.
Since day regulations prohibits stripping in casinos, casinos have found another way to compete.
Virtually every casino and I was open at least one 20 nightclub in bar and the traditional Vegas review was in many cases topless,
and in some cases blatantly erotic.
Oh, what?
Huh?
The fierce fight for tourism dollars is starting to unearth some of those who actually live in Vegas,
although they've long been accustomed looking the other way.
Local officials even held a public hearing to debate the legality of lap dancing,
during which metro police plates are valentay showing women performing sexual acts during a lap dance.
Oh, my God!
In a surprise move, local officials enacted a lot of restrict contact between customers and dancers.
How boring!
How boring!
You know, you want your community to be a reflection of who you are, and I don't think that these ad campaigns are,
that all that sex is a reflection of what this community has said,
Lisa, hold the Mayo, a Vegas resident for 16 years.
I wonder if she's keen to my hold the Mayo.
Mayo, three of whose five children were born in Vegas, said she never had a problem with the image of reality of the Vegas trip until now.
They had these mobile billboards that drive around town. That's where I draw the lines.
She said, I say, you know what? Stay with the tourists. Keep it with the tourists.
These mobile billboards show topless women.
All right!
Shame, shame.
Mayo said, he once saw one of the mobile billboards partner next to a church.
When you start encroaching between my church or a church in my post-orifice, that's when you cross the line.
In fact, the marketing of Vegas strip clubs rather than the strip clubs themselves appears to be the bigger issue with Mayo.
The clubs, I think, if you live here, you have to accept that's part of what they sell.
So it says Las Vegas really is two cities.
One is the strip. The other is a woman-conservative community of nearly two million people.
So there you go.
It said, all American costumes in between the living and breeding people who want to have a good time and be less alone doing it,
and the holy-rolling assholes who want to tell everybody how to live and what they'll do when up yours.
Get a life.
Real American assholes.
We salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, guy.
Dance by yourself, guy.
You think she's dancing with you?
Then she rubs another man's crotch.
Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low, but not you.
You feel the rhythm in your soul and the peach snops coursing for your veins.
Sure, people are looking at you, judging you, wishing you were dead, but you don't care.
You just do a spin move and party on.
Finally, you make your move.
Only to find out that her boyfriend did time and enjoyed it.
So we salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, guy.
You're broken jaw, your ambulance driver, and your parachute pants.
You are a real American asshole.
Oh, right.
132 assholes trying to stay there.
We got about 500 votes on a pool, not too shabby considering we like had the Stardust and Stoppas.
Interrupt this.
497 votes to be exact.
Here's the double digit ones.
The biggest nerd of all time.
Bill Gates, 123.
He's got it.
Carrot Top 74.
Woody Allen, 45.
George W. Bush, 32.
Paul Schaefer, 31.
Rick Riley, 29.
Adam Sandberg, 19.
Brian Urkha, 17.
Ben Stein, 14.
What an asshole, like, guys.
You know what?
The wrong people have the money.
There's two guys.
Ben Stein and Bill Gates, clearly.
Comes the money.
Real major assholes.
George will, another one, 12.
Dustin Diamond, 8K A Screech, as got 11 as does Mike Lupica, Ross P. Roten, and Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie, sucks, okay?
Okay.
Also has 10 double digits for the old penis phase.
Seriously, those promos that were playing a hint calling that touchdown are so...
I don't think there's a high school station in America that would play those on here.
They'd be so embarrassed.
I don't think even WDUM that the University of Miami would be playing that because they'd be so embarrassed.
It's just so out of control, so juvenile.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
About Gary Saurner.
Oh, that's an excellent choice.
Jack Pod.
Here you go.
Thank you.
There's somebody knows that asshole or a sales department.
No, we're not going to put him on here because nobody knows who that is.
But, boy, what a good choice.
In fact, Gary Saurner, I've been telling you this last couple of years, he's got an identical twin lookalike in Amsterdam, and they're both nerds.
You'd be amazed to be shocked.
He looks exactly like him a little bit younger version and the same mindless kind of appearance and a nerd.
Take real asshole.
What?
Take his picture.
Yeah, I'm going to go right in the morning and start and take pictures of people, right?
Everybody got enough pervert, so they don't need somebody to sneak in pictures.
Believe me, if I'm going to be taking pictures of anybody in Amsterdam and they're going to be him.
Saudi Arabia, beheads marijuana smugglers.
Oh, right.
There we go.
Our good friends, the Saudis.
A Saudi drug trafficker was beheaded Sunday, a Ministry of Interior statement said.
Daher bin Thamur al-Shimri was convicted of smuggling marriage, a wini in the kingdom of the statement said.
That'll teach him.
I guess he won't be doing that in no more.
Never again.
That's a good way to make sure.
Al-Shimri was beheaded in the eastern province of Hafer al-Batin bringing the number of beheadings in the kingdom this year to 41.
Most of them drug traffickers, at least 49 people were beheaded last year.
And they won't be doing it.
This conservative country of Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam under which people convicted of drug traffic,
in murder, rape, and armed robbery are executed.
Beheadings are carried out with a sword in public.
So I guess I'm like that bit that we've played in the Not Stowing the Vets in public.
So I guess this guy didn't get so in fights like that kids.
In two nights.
5.670560, 0.560 on a AT&T and for eyes of our lives line.
I think we go in there, see if it's me, I go in and we take over Saudi Arabia.
Okay.
No sweat.
No.
Take over the oil fields, put all in laundry heads out where they belong in the pastures, let them pick cotton or whatever they have in the sand.
Poppies.
Pick the poppies right.
They'll all be on an eye poppy by the time I'd get through with them.
And put all his bullcrap to rest, stop the baloney.
Let's see, Friday now, look at this.
The rain will linger a little, but by the beginning, by the middle of the day, rather, the conditions will be clearing upward.
18 degrees and for the rest of the weekend and until next week, we have sunny skies.
We're going to turn it down.
And a cool 18 to 19 degrees.
That is the 5-year forecast, we'll take it back into the newsroom.
Anyway, you knocking our ethnic diversity here in Toronto, man.
No, they don't.
Is it on my boy channel?
CityPulse24, what do you mean to play Boy Channel?
What do you think there's some kind of a guy that's an X-rated radio show?
There's the playboy channel.
I don't know what she's saying.
Speaking Saudi.
Oh, okay, great.
Look at that thing.
It looks like she must have hung out in a produce department in gigantic banana.
She's just about getting ready to peel it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Come on, let's bring this program back to the nice family atmosphere that we enjoy here on QAM.
After 8 o'clock in the morning.
Vincent Family, the Maryland Manson Family, or the Charles.
Here's a call from Hallendale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
What about that guy?
I kind of think of the guy's name.
Where's his pants that went up to his neck?
Hercules?
A little black Shavata, Hercules?
Hercules?
Yeah.
Hercules.
Yeah, but he's the biggest nerd of all time with the glasses.
He's a character, though.
He's a character, but I don't know the guy's name in real life.
But I mean, Hercules.
Hercules with Hercules.
Oh.
I think he was trying to say, Hercules, wasn't he?
Yeah, Hercules.
He just realized he was just worked up about Hercules.
He wanted to see how many times he could say it.
How many times he said it?
About third, man.
Good work, pal.
Let's see.
Here's one that says Tucker.
Tucker, a faxist, says, squeaky voice, adolescent viewpoints.
Here are a worship of ball players.
How about Steve Geltie-Geltzell?
That's a good one we should have had him on earlier.
Steve Geltie Goldstein.
That's perfect.
He's the quintessential nerd.
And you know something?
What?
I don't even know if Tucker who sent his faxist ever seen Geltie.
But man, if he doesn't look like the definitive nerd, doesn't he?
I mean, I hate to say it.
No.
I'm glad to say it.
He's a nerd.
He sounds like a nerd.
He looks like a nerd.
And then of course he's got to work with Howard, the nerd.
Howard?
So I think that Geltie is certainly ought to be on there.
Don't forget it.
Get it on there.
Be putting it into the show.
You watch how fast Geltie just rises up to the top.
Only reason he got hired is because he had a big penis and Joe Rose was impressed.
And then when our programming people saw it, wow.
Especially that Andrew asked in the woods.
That was his only recommendation for the job.
Is that a fact?
That is a fact.
You see, and I just screwed this thing up.
He's got a big heart on it.
But it's a good thing I noticed that there too.
See, I just fell into another bucket of crap.
I keep falling into him all day long.
Who's the biggest nerd of the mall is our pull question today.
And I don't forget tomorrow we're going to start that series of bulls about dead people.
Just to piss off Moe.
That's the most important.
It's because it makes him so apple-plectic.
And good timing too, because the following days that A, the trends come out.
And I'll guarantee you Moe ours is going to be much bigger than yours and the pull number two.
The rating is going to be much, much bigger.
And whatever you got divided by about six and then you'll have your number because most of it is for real.
There's no doubt about that.
Bill Gates, 124, Carrotop 74, Woody Allen 45, George W32, Powell, Schaefer 31, Recreally, and Adam Sandler 19.
I guess there's any chains all that much.
20-2, we got the mad dog coming along at two o'clock.
The hysterical how to who yesterday, why sure hope we get that tape, you know, that would be phenomenal.
It's a done deal.
It is?
Yeah.
We're going to have it for tomorrow.
Yes.
All right.
That's going to be sensational when a mad dog loses it and goes ballistic about the nine minute breaks that they have to endure on his show.
And about the worst team having to endure that, which is why the reason that they didn't get the big numbers.
And about the fact that the morning show we got now in those early hours really blow over.
Is there any question about it?
Absolutely not.
No question about this either that VIP sportsbook.com is the outfit you ought to be plunging your guts with because they're the people you can trust.
They've been around a long time.
Not some Johnny come late, Lee's, we're trying to jump on the bad wagon reaching into your pocket, getting your plunging money.
99% of those other bookies here about on this radio station are located in the jungles of Costa Rica or Guatemala or in the Heragua, one of those 18th world countries.
This year, we've moved up a class to VIP sportsbook.com, the oldest and largest sportsbook in a country that we love, Holland, Nidalans,
where they have those wooden shoes, 100% legal and licensed too.
Listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com right now, 1-866 VIP bets because they're soft-footed as best, most dependable reliable, etc.
Sign up right now, you can bet all the soft-footed football and basketball teams juice free all year long.
You want to bet on the dolphins? Good luck to you. It's 100 to 100.
You want to bet to her coons, it's 100 to 100.
So forget about that vigorous.
All side-ups get 20% cash bonus.
Not some silly, stupid-ass funny money match play bonus.
You get the real thing of 20% cash bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com, that's where you find them online or call them tool-free, at 1-866 VIP bets.
That phone number again, it's 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure and tell me you heard about it here on most prestigious sports obsessive QAM.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you always are, the VIP.
Live and local, here's sports radio 560, QAM, QAM.
God?
Here's what's a 90's tip like you.
They admit the president's ****.
Now it's a 90's tip like you.
They admit the president's ****.
With designers paying, telephysic, dress, that old can start.
Can't get you to bet what's a nasty, not you.
They admit the president's ****.
Now it's a 90's tip like you.
Holding it between your lips.
What's a 90's tip like you.
How much we can use if you're not riding up to who's down a child.
But you do best to go down a wheelies down.
What's a 90's tip like you.
All right.
Now you can make a million dollars, thanks to the bills, fair dates.
The movies and books will be the processing on your face.
What's a 90's tip like you.
Oh my god.
They admit the president's **** on your knees.
They admit the president's ****.
Don't get drunk.
You're getting the president's ****.
You better spit.
So you said that the second break in it, the spot in last break is gone.
Is that what you said?
It's just checking.
We don't have to be bashful.
We do it right away on openly on the air.
It's a good time to remind you that doing that drill a bit cuts the bit off.
Well that's his fault.
That's Scott's fault for talking to me.
I don't know if he talked to you during a bit asshole.
So in other words, it cuts in a bit.
I forgot all about that.
And it also puts me on the year when I do that, I guess.
Huh?
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
What we have here is a failure to respond.
Get with it.
Here's the way to pull the shaping up so far.
Let's go.
It's refreshing.
It's rehashing.
It's thinking about why is it sitting there stuck there like that?
Oh, here we go.
Who's the biggest nerd of all Bill Gates 125, Carrot Top 74, Woody Allen 46, George W.
34, Paul Schaefer 31, everybody else under 30.
OK, under 30, man.
Here's a call from Jupiter.
Hello.
Jupiter.
Oh, hey, I told you.
Yes, sir.
OK.
How about John Tess?
Oh, excellent choice.
Magnificent.
He thinks he's cool when he plays his piano.
He looks like young Frankenstein.
Yeah.
And about him, all you could use to.
Very manllow, Zachary.
Two very good choices.
Thanks a lot.
You're great, Neil.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
Very manllow and John Tess, how could we have left at the duo of fruit cakes?
Of course, John's got religion.
You do understand that, John Tess.
And take himself very, very seriously.
See, one of the things that bugs me about people in like any field, like any entertainment
business or in the news business, people who take themselves a little bit too seriously.
I keep older, man.
Like John Tess.
Like Neil Diamond.
See, Neil Diamond really believes he's a singer.
I know that comes as a phenomenal shock to most of us, but he believes he did.
All those ballads, those old and days balance.
He had a good voice.
Such as.
Crack the lube.
Crack the lube.
Crack the lube.
Crack the lube.
Crack the lube.
Song, sung, blue.
Oh, come on.
Neil Diamond's a nerd.
He probably ought to be on here.
He's a freaking nerd.
Oh, you know who he left off of here?
Oh, my God, I got it.
Wayne Newton.
Leave it to me.
Leave it to my nimble mind, even if this advanced age of silly or mine.
Wayne Newton.
Do you have any idea how fast he's going to shoot up that pole?
Skawrock it.
You'll see.
Here's a call from Hialeah.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how's it going?
Great.
How about, um,
I mean, she must have based the start.
Check on TV.
5.6.
5.6.
She said it's out of this world.
That was good.
Good job, pal.
By the way, I'll see at Westland that you're dealing with glory holes.
Oh, absolutely.
This guy does the limbo rock under the stalls at the Westland.
So he can drill a glory hole.
Here's a call from Palm City.
Hello.
Palm City.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How you doing?
I'm good.
Thank you.
I didn't have a contribution to your pole, but I wanted to make a comment about the story we talked about briefly.
Where the lady didn't want the stripping and the whatevering around her.
I'm saying you're right.
Uh-huh.
How about, let's not put her church around things that we don't want it around.
Right.
Like our hot us.
A lot of molesters and all the other things that we've learned about the church.
When I get to start saying we don't want a church here.
Yeah, why can't they have like their own separate zone where they put all of the religious nuts?
You know, remember they had used to have the combat zones back in the 70s and early 80s.
You used to have the early ex-rated joints.
Well, why can't we have like a religion zone?
Right.
For all of you.
I vote for that.
I'm with you.
You got my vote.
Thanks, pal.
Good idea.
That's a good idea.
The God squad, the Jesus Christ, there's the Oya cloggers.
Oh, I put them all out there.
Okay, the Schmata heads.
And if you're really enterprising, you open up a place and sell some really nifty head gear, right?
Like down the street from that.
Right.
Absolutely.
And you can also do like they do in Nashville.
On every street corner, there's a church and right across the street.
There's a bar.
I'm not sure which comes first, you know.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
I'm not sure if you're going to be there.
Every day in your black sack, they deliver it right to your door by 6 a.m.
and it takes here a year for the whole day.
You won't be hungry on this program, believe you may.
Because like I said, everything is fresh.
Delicious made with the finest ingredients and money can buy.
And you get to choose.
It's the only company that's to choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack.
Every day that you run a program.
And you'll love the food.
Trust me when I tell you.
So if you want to see the wait start pouring off on a scale within just a matter of days.
If you're tired of being overweight out of shape, lethargic, dyno,
or maybe diabetic or getting close to it.
Here's the answer you've been searching for balance for life.
No calorie counting, no carb counting, not even any cooking or shopping because they do all that for you.
Call balance for life today and start losing it right away.
Call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and look all this is 4205-60.
Way to A.M.
Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
Yeah!
Are your kids tired of the same old action figures?
Frankly, yes.
Then spice up their holidays with motels, troubled celebrity action figures.
Steal your kids heart this Christmas with shoplifting Winona.
She's more affordable than you think.
Look, mommy. She's cutting off both her.
You bet she is.
And there's more. Forget T.I. Joe.
Now there's DIY nigg with life like Nick Nolte-Droll.
He'll fly me.
And he'll fly me here.
Aha, now press his greasy head and he caught funny too.
Oh, anybody got a roofie.
Be sure to collect all of motels, troubled celebrity action figures like Whitney Houston or
Peersmeet Christina Aguilera.
See if you can find all 12 of her self-mutilation.
Wow, she's in a townically collect.
This Christmas, shopping is no trouble at all.
With the troubled celebrity action figures from the tell.
Somebody public relations stream teams will separate them.
156 at 560 WQM, the Mad Dog standing by 2 to 4 Hank from 4 to 630.
Marlon's in a fillet.
And Phil Padoffy, the series of the year, man.
Big, big good doons.
Even George's are excited about, aren't you?
What?
How about here this fact, Susie and Weston, nice goons who's in bed.
We got to send before the end of the show.
Jewelieverman, oh my gosh.
Talk about him off of there.
Good point.
I can't imagine just looking at that push, just that mindless blank nerdy look on his
push.
He's the only nerd.
I think he's even got WB down.
You know as far as nerdyness?
A nebish.
What's this happening on the phone here?
Everybody just hung up at the same time there at the end?
Or was there like a fart on the phone?
Look at that.
Wow, something very strange happening on there.
We can see the incoming.
Is that what it was?
Anyway, we can see the incoming, which gives me time to mention this.
Vice President Dick Cheney anxious to defend the White House Foreign Policy
made ongoing violence in Iraq's stunned intelligence analyst and even members of his
own administration this week by failing to dismiss a widely discredited claim
that Saddam Hussein might have played a role in the 9-11 attacks.
Evidence of a connection if any exists has never been made public.
Details that Cheney cited to make the case that the Iraqi dictator had ties to
the Iraqi no basis according to analysts and officials, even before the war in Iraq,
most officials did not explicitly state that Iraq had a partner attack on the U.S.
Two years ago.
But Cheney left the possibility White Open and National Intelligence
interview today is ago claiming the administration is learning more and more about
connections between al-Qaeda and Iraq before the 9-11 attacks.
The statement surprised some analysts and officials who reviewed intelligence reports
from Iraq.
There is no credible evidence that Saddam had anything to do with 9-11 said BDI Senator
Bobby Graham, Democrat running for president.
There was no such relationship.
A senior foreign policy adviser to Howard Dean, the Democratic firm,
said it is totally inappropriate for the Vice President to continue making these allegations
without bringing forward any proof.
Vince Canastero, a former CIA counter-terrorism specialist, said that Cheney's willingness
to use speculation and conjecture aspects in public presentations is appalling.
It's astounding.
How do you like that?
Astonishing, shocking, unbelievable.
In other words, he lies a lot and does it well.
It's got to be used to it.
And by the way, you know, those meetings he had with the energy people?
Yeah.
What about you business?
Yeah, none of you.
He said they were all named none of you business.
So that's the way it goes is as we continue, you can hear those goose steps marching along.
Where's that article about Jimmy Breslin?
Can I read that one last paragraph?
I hope he answers.
We got him.
I probably can't find it.
God, I love that article.
I might read the whole thing again one of these days this week.
In the middle of all these very important polls.
You got it Scott.
You got the article?
One, I don't even got around all those arrested to come.
Just it's just a little stalling tactic on my part.
Because I probably don't got it.
Oh, I do have it.
I have it over here.
I saved it in my, uh, saved the crap pile on the bottom.
No, this is, this is about the Don Cox.
Not any of it.
Jesus, God Almighty, talk about this.
Organize this is bad, Neil.
You better start getting with it.
Get a little bit more organized.
Here it is.
Told you.
You know how I stalled off to like the last minute of the show for this.
It's beautiful.
No, seriously, Jimmy Brezlin, we read it yesterday,
fascism in the name of security.
And he writes about these people that got like whisked away in the middle of the night
and never and got sent deported.
He said that this American government of bigots from the low IQ states
can run over our bill of rights, grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours
is a terrorist act by some singers.
The only way to defend yourself is to vote them out.
Those who don't are fans of fascism.
Nice going, Jimmy.
You to man.
We asked today who's the biggest nerd of the mall bill gates 127.
That was George's choice.
George had I had the winner yesterday by far.
Jimmy Stewart.
On the coolest of the mall, nerdyest of mall.
George had a stum on it.
Bill Gates 127.
Carrot top 74.
Woody Allen 50.
George W. 35.
Paul Schaefer 31.
Rick Riley 29.
Adam Sandler 19.
Brian Arcross 18.
Ben Stein 16.
George Will 13.
Screech Wont 13.
Joseph Gackie's got 12.
Mike Lupica 11.
And Ross Piro, a little BDI big-eared Ross Piro head 10.
The McDonald's coming up next.
Keep the tapes rolling.
I think we got some good stuff coming up again for Scherford tomorrow.
Bye, bye, bye!
Ben, you're watching show.
I'm climbing to the new QAM.
I am for learning.
It is so high.
The Horn is one of the interesting football.
