I wonder how pissed off Neil is that I had thirsty orange shirt on late.
I told him they should have done the interview tomorrow, Neon.
Sorry, you know.
No, you should have done the interview at all.
Who the hell cares about Darcy Freak and Hota Chok?
I'm not as much as people care about your surly ass up in Toronto.
Yeah, right.
Right, nobody cares about how light he is.
You'll learn just like you learned about the front running Fony fans.
Okay, there's 2500 bucks to get a Marlon ticket that we couldn't give away about
three months ago.
Okay, there's 74.
And you'll see how many people are going to be those Panther games this season.
Okay, sir.
How many people are going to be the average game?
About three, man.
Yeah, I love those 32.
They give me gas.
Darcy Freak and Hota Chok.
Don't be start with that gas again.
I play that on.
Play the 78 game for final.
Turn that on.
No, what about the, what, the 78th game for?
Yeah, it was great with Gila Flora off the tip.
It's a Brad Park.
I love that.
This isn't that game.
I grew up next to Brad Park.
I'm out of it in the middle of a break.
No, I was going to play something better for you in the collecting zone again.
I mean give me something.
Here we go.
It struck Kevver Pagan.
It struck Kevver Pagan.
This is for Greg Reef.
Oh, there's Jerry Chivers all bloated up.
What happened?
That's what happened.
You don't want to let the team down.
You want to put your partner in a bad position.
But Jerry Chievers played for about a hundred years for the Rochester Amherst. Did you know that I didn't even know Rochester was still a city in
Bronco, Horvath and Vick Stasiac and all is going
I'm playing and Don Chievery played for the Rochester Amherst. I would yeah going there to the back
I'm so he goes back to his spot at the end of the Boston bench
And Jerry Tevers hang stuff in the Bruin that close friend Dick Irvin junior who's the big fan of mine by the way
Like there was a great one. There's my other good buddy Don Chievery as long as we're dropping
I love the grapes. What do you remember? I love grapes. Yeah, good guy
He's the best his act is old and stale, but he's a good guy some people think that I acted like him when I was doing
Thrashers and I I never knew that I was a crusty old fart, but I I think he's a legend
You know what it's the young fart, but you'll be a crusty old fart something. I don't think he's so fart
You're like you're a bragg. Oh
Get Greg in there
Get Norma kid on the phone. Yeah
He ate some nice things to say about Norma yesterday screw her. Oh, I almost said the effort
I'm gonna. I'm gonna slip. All right. Now. He's just a pot smoke. You know
I told you this morning. I'm gonna start the pot smoke for making about normal over the air
Come on. So pissed off. How lovely is Norma? Chievery. Let me tell you something. This is a good weed when he was a child
Before we decided to become an attorney he wanted to be an interior defecator. Oh my landlord does that
Yeah, I have I get this house this huge house. I told you that the beast they're making groaning
No, no, his name's the feast is he still there? Yeah, he's still here
He's still there. Huh the reason why he's here is because he won a bet that the red tax would make the ALCS
Yeah, they're gonna get the ranch pounded. Yeah, just job. They're not going to be rooting for him real hard
But they're gonna get the ranch here
You know, how do you think the what do you think the myelons are gonna do? I think the marlins will win it
Do you?
Well, they suck on a road generally, but if they can win one of their first two then they're in yeah
They have the myelin spans are there's so cheesy 120,000 shut that tonight what what happens again on?
21st at 820 first wish if I told people right now the game is an eight 20. Yeah, we have an extra long
Pregame at seven. Oh my god eight 20
Now listen to your little kids can watch baseball
The myelin fans are I believe fully that 45,000 I'll show up at the pro set shop tonight thinking the games at home
I thought that yeah, so
About the pp park tonight folks. We're gonna in fact that's what we should have been doing
We blew it. We should have given way tickets for night's home game. Yeah, hey, I got five hundred seats for the night's game at
Pro player game starts at 820 and everybody come on out. We have tailgate party with
When Casper at gate G and everybody gets a kega beer and gets laid to and we'll also ask
Go ahead and we'll also have free nude photos of Dan
The bastard he's to wanted to be an interior defecator. I'll have to ask clearance
We'll also have the beast there surfing naked as quirky Carol
There's an article in a Palm Beach post today. It says you can get a seat behind pro
Behind home play the pro player for 2500 bucks and a seat in the outfield reserve for
125 this is the same seats that we couldn't give away that people are bringing us to tickets to try to get out
Money for us for all of this. I just got a gala invitation from the mile invitation. Yeah Thursday
October 9th at the Parrot jungle island in Miami at 7 to 11. There's a big huge party
It says tropic casual. I actually thought it said topless casual
Don't go it making a great party. Don't go. It's a her Greg is behind it. Oh Greg
Did you hear Greg yesterday in there? Oh, that's right. It wasn't on the year. It was off here
He was in your room. Oh, what's normas number? But well all the sudden will crap
He's a pussy man just an emotional cripple. You know, I yesterday had a long talk with him and I think you really yeah
I find how long about 30 seconds actually
It was more like five or six minutes
That is a long talk with Greg in fact in the first community exhaust is in terrible cannular
Yeah, there's quite the lawsuits coming in in my name and a lot of pressure for Greg these days
He's really he told me he thins off
Negative phone calls 500 deep a week and I said you know really that's your problem. Yeah
I like he didn't know that was you know what he talked to you like he's saying that they were surprised at rush head
It was racist comments same thing guys the same thing is hiring me. He asked me what does he expect Christian radio?
Yeah, let's start that tomorrow. Yeah, you know tomorrow board again
No tomorrow. We're gonna start with a book of Matthew
We'll get that in on Wednesday. We held a lot more Christine and Darcy Hurtichock. I'll tell you that all next week
We'll do the old testament and then we're gonna talk about gay Catholic priest that molest little boys next week
Yeah, and you can have Ezekiel on he's a plain center for the way I said yes
Norma can and how to buy really good reaper and give a hummer at the same time
He knows how to do it man and give out your phone number to people you don't want to
He's got some magic lips. What an asshole Norma can't you are the world's number one asshole?
I'm loyal man. I'm loyal to you. I even turn against your enemies. Mo
Norma anyone else to get to my way to including that
Diverwearing family
Yeah, but you don't suck my ass as hard as you suck Darcy Hurtichock that was embarrassing
You know your butt suck is that my
Beavis ass not suck is that she might care that we were me on the team was Ray Whitney at least he looks good
You know I know when they traded him you turned on them like a sieve you should have seen Ray's wife
Did you ever meet Ray Whitney's wife? No, but I heard she wears a girdle man. Is she hot? No, she doesn't
That's Darcy there was a girl
Darcy if you had Darcy Tucker on here might have been pretty interesting
Did you see that?
From a lithium do you see sting the axi police from and says he sees dead people now every day walking around
Johnny schmots remember him
Bobbi schmots
He's chance with the Yankees fill Colin says he's in touch with his late father who died
So sting and and Phil Collins speaking with the young would John Edward the second on yeah, I love that guy
He's always on hearing dead people farting
That guy to it is again
That guy so funny like
Just that Sam's a
Sitty
Oh,
Marcia
Why don't we do this till two o'clock today
I'm gonna be a lot more interesting. I have a Darcy freaking hornet truck on the bigger ass
Supposed to be a great lead in and you hand it up until this morning and then you try to sandbag me
I'm putting some lame ass hockey player and nobody ever heard of going to
Come on, they can see how we're coming you start talking hockey might as well be talking to the beast
Oh, here we go. That's what you tell me about the Marlon's y'all fart
Whisland by the graveyard and I was right wasn't I gotta go talk to great reading then I'm gonna go talk to dead people and go
Service grandmider at it, you know, I might be hurt today on her desk. Why not? Yeah, she's looking as horny as ever
Well, you know who she really misses bad. Yeah, Roy's bro. Hi
Roy, Roy has got Roy had a ten pounder, baby say my sky living like a large mouth bass in your box. I've even aired you Scott
Finally
What the hell on the bar
Here comes a politician
No hair on the real big guts
after
And
Teacher
Oh
The
QM hello
Speaking
Yeah
What do we know if they knew we were sure on tape that we ran way over with that Scott with that bogus interview with Darcy
Freaking horticulture. I mean don't take it personal Darcy unless you want to but nobody has any idea who you are
I'm gonna do a break now
Yeah, let's do a break. What do you say sure?
What I'll not what we got the election the voting is underway to pulls our open in Cala, California
You do know that don't you ha ha polls open at 7 this morning till 8 p.m. Then I wish is 11 o'clock our time and
It's gonna be they got 2.2 million absentee ballots a million of which are gonna be counted after the election is over how long after
Well until they get it fixed the way they want it. I say
1013 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to him Marlins kick some cubby ass tonight
I'm convinced of it in Chicago to Wrigley Field
Aren't they gonna win to we don't know that's gonna be tough gonna be toucher and a red socks and the Yankees
George and it was hanging right on this to see who's gonna be in the a world get serious all on hang it
All right speaking to getting serious if you really want a great new mattress and the best you'll go in the world
You've got to call dial amateurs
You're not gonna waste your time in money going to those betting inferniture stores unless you're a jerk
Because they rip you off all the time
Donald mattress gives you the lowest prices the best names in a business every day
365 days a year for discount prices on the top names like Ceeley
Sir to temper pete Simmons King Quilster and Savannah's foster you it all you have to do is make the one easy call
1 800 mattress no nonsense no bait and switch no house brands no false promises and best of all
You don't have to pay no premium for the best service going anywhere's and we'll talk about service
They are absolutely unbeatable when you call dial amateurs
You pick the day in time for delivery you pick the two-hour window and they'll hop right through it
Just like jumping hoops because that's the way they can't give you service like noon to two one to three
Etc. Any time eight in one a.m till 10 p.m
Seven days a week
I've been sick by the mattress and dial amateurs for a very long time in the back is the only good part of my body
With low prices same day delivery if you set up and removal
It's easy to see why any smart person out there knows that dial amateurs is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction
So don't get sucked in by those phony mattress short-mer furniture store sales
They're not even the same ballpark with dial amateurs pick up that phone right now make the call
You'll be sleeping in serious comfort with a big smile on your press as soon as tonight 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or online it's mattress dot com
We're supporting you five six
UAM
The cub suck
I
Can't believe the language I hear all the
Every home the word is an obscenity
It used to be that cable was a horror
But now the networks let their act as curse
There's no way man's fights of this
reads we're in like a sailor on a creates
welcome
There's
When you
You too!
Alright, can't wait maybe on small bill, Lodropa, you think?
Oh, so...
Eat your hard-out time, Joan. What are you eating? You're eating something.
Should've doubt. Should've...
You had a parents just came in again.
Mm-hmm.
1175 votes on yesterday's poll. Now, why do you have all of that fall draw there on line 9
when we know exactly who it is, Scott? Are you like becoming retarded or do you have a head start?
We mean becoming retarded.
Here's our mystery chronic caller on line 9. W-Q-A-M. Happy New Year.
Don't worry, please. Don't worry, Neil. This is Norma K. I thought, am I?
It was what? I didn't hear a word.
Did you... what did you just say?
Huh. He said he was Norma, can't.
Oh, a Norma. Mm-hmm.
Oh, squeeze this Norma. Okay, you jackass, you idiot.
Quick, give it out my phone number. You jackass, you simple little guy.
I think he is interior defecating as what he's doing.
Idiot.
No, seriously, the bad weed and just being retarded to begin with,
it'll all get you every time. He's a white ballcatch that, oh, you know what I mean?
Almost as good as our good friend.
Who's the dumbest of the module? He should have been on the pole. This one.
Yesterday we looked him off.
George W. Bush, 343 votes, the American public 341, he almost caught him.
The right closing it on his ass.
Mike Tyson, 171, Mike Tyson, and an accolsmith 88.
Jessica Simpson did very, very well, 65 and after that it was no more contemporary, all small potatoes.
So evidently, those are the five dumbest people we could come up with next to.
And of course, Jose Conzucco 25, Greg Reed, time to Dan Quail 24.
I think we reload it one more time.
No, what, damn it. What do you mean?
The American public.
Oh, the American public past W.
No, I don't, you know, I print this thing out so that I don't have it right here.
No, a 342 to 343, there's still one behind.
I'm going to keep hitting it.
Keep hitting it.
Arnold Schwarzenegger only had 22 votes as the dumbest of the mall, which indicates to me
that even this usually a little bit more astute audience.
Hello, dude.
I ain't on to him.
It's really scary.
Yeah.
It is absolutely positively scary.
And that's why they're, I really believe that's why they're coming out with all this stuff right
at the last minute because they're desperate now that they realize that he actually is going to win.
I don't think they took it seriously in the beginning.
No, they thought nobody in the right mind could possibly vote for him.
Like the like the brought on city post this morning, she's doing the California election story.
And she says, Arnold Schwarzenegger is in the lead.
And she looked at the camera and said,
based on what?
Based on what?
Because he's determined it.
And that must be it.
I still have Easter, great, David.
You should, did you hear any of the speeches that he makes?
I mean, he just talks about the highlights.
Oh, by the way, I almost need a drum roll for this.
I have the story of the century of all the great stories that I've read on this show,
which I don't like too much reading because it's a pondress.
Yeah.
It's by a bond.
I'm not going to do it right now anyway.
Bob Patrachis and Harvey Wasserman from the Columbus, Ohio Free Press.
And it's called Sieg Hyle, the Bush, Roach, Schwarzenegger, Nazi,
Nexus and the destabilization of California.
You're going to love this.
You're going to be squeezing your kneecaps.
You're going to be so excited about it.
Anyway, getting back, Arnold had only 22, the dumbest of them all.
Darrell Strawberry had 15.
Bobby Brown 14.
Out of sight, out of mind.
I mean, you know, he's in the slammer so much, who the hell ever even sees Bobby Brown, right?
Witten, he even, rather even she don't see him.
Joe Carrillo had 12.
He had a dozen.
He's one of the dirty dozen.
Marian Berry had the same as Slice the Loan, ever seen together.
Oh, same person.
Marian Berry and Slice the Loan had nine of peace.
Hey, Marian, what's up?
Your nose.
Martin Lawrence will Smith and Tommy Cheesehead Thompson had four peace and zeroed forward in last place had three.
I guess they figured it would be disrespectful if they had too many votes for the former,
for a former US president.
The current one, we all know that's why he's in lead.
Zeroed forward, who of course used to fall down a lot and couldn't walk in two gum at the same time.
So almost 1200 votes on air was pretty successful.
We got two polls for today.
The polls are open in California.
Let's go out there and vote.
What do you say?
All right.
Let's send in a few absentee ballots just to make sure.
Here's the poll number one.
What's your take on today's California recall election?
Arnold is in.
Who's the body will win?
Oh, yeah.
The recall vote will not pass.
The recall will not pass or who gives a shmit?
Because after all, we are in Florida, not in California.
And so as a result of that, there may be a lot of people who figure who gives a crab.
So does it have four choices?
I don't think there's any other possibilities, are there?
No.
Did I look down?
Aliens were invading.
Aliens will invade California better than us.
Now we had a good time with Aliens.
Plus the Ebola has got a chance to check his penis every few hours.
See if it was still there.
What's your take on today's California recall election?
Arnold is in.
Bustamate will win.
The recall will not pass and who gives a shmit?
I think that I think just four choices.
All we need on that one.
Oh, look at that.
It's up there already.
This is Eric, man.
He is a smoke him.
Something smoking a good stuff.
Uh, I'm saying Arnold is in.
I think it's already noted.
Yeah, did you?
It's done.
Five done.
Like somebody would say, like Mickey would say, five done.
And they ought to care, but they don't.
Well, look at that.
Arnold is in six and who gives a shmit six.
And Bustamate will win one and a recall will not pass.
Nobody over the first 13 quick votes.
But two of those are ours.
That's actually possible though.
By the way, got some bad news for you.
Well, I mean, that is bad news.
Wally George died.
He died?
Yeah.
Who?
Exactly.
Now, what was the quarterback, um, George?
Jeff George.
Jeff George, that's it.
See, out of sight out of my, because he sucked, man.
He was with the, uh, uh, Colts.
And everybody else.
He's, he's not around anymore.
Is he?
I hope.
I don't know.
Somebody.
Why couldn't I have been Jeff George that died instead of Wally George?
All of Wally George was a right-winger.
So I guess we can't be too upset.
Conservative Tasha host Wally George, who's spired with little guests for two decades on hot seat,
is died.
He was 71.
Pretty young, George.
No, not really.
George the father of actress Rebecca D. Mournay.
So you didn't even know that neither did I.
No, not necessarily.
He called him the, uh, Mercury News in San Jose.
He died of pneumonia Sunday at the Fountain Valley Regional Hospital Medical Center in California.
He'd been at a hospital for three months due to complications from cancer.
George's combat of TV show broadcast on KDOC TV in Anaheim,
rose to popularity in the 80s.
He called his approach combat TV.
And he was known for interrupting guests by shouting insults at them.
At all.
They say that I'm a lunatic, that I'm a maniac.
He told the newspaper, but why do you have to, why do you have to smile at your guests and
be nice and let them say what they want to say?
See, I like that.
Why do you have to suck your ass?
Forl, why do you have to suck, uh, what's his name?
Darcy Hortitzhark's ass.
Born George Walder Perch and opened to a former Vodrol actress in the owner of a shipping company.
George moved to Hollywood with his mother at age 14, became a discockity with KIEV,
Glendale.
He hosted the Wally George Archiata, KDOC has been airing reruns of the show since George
underwent surgery in June and remove a bone near his spine that had disintegrated due to cancer.
He's the, it was the father Rebecca DiMorne, who was in a great movie,
the hand that makes your, makes your canadles.
Remember that?
Sure.
I love that movie.
She was really good in that.
She was excellent.
She looks just like Hillary, you know what?
How old?
Yes, she does.
You don't think there's a striking similarity between Hillary Clinton and Rebecca DiMorne?
Same person.
We'll have them both take their clothes off.
No, seriously, you watch that movie again, the hand that baits your canadle and you'll see.
I'm trying to rat now.
I'll be right back.
She looks a lot like Hillary.
You're allowing your anti-hillary prejudice, which I share.
You're allowing that to uh, uh, taint your, uh, your canad.
Oh, no, I think Hillary, uh, when she was younger, I saw some of those younger pictures of her and she was doable.
I never said that she looked good.
I said she looks a lot like Hillary.
I don't think Rebecca DiMorne is hot.
You think she's hot?
She was.
Oh, man.
Is this going to be a day or what?
27 past 10 in California.
It's 727 in the morning and they're voting now.
They're sending all kinds of bogus ballots.
They're janitor.
And by the way, Arnold, the molested me last week.
Arnold, I must have everybody here.
Nobody in America who hasn't been molested by Arnold.
No, anything we can just to avoid the insane.
It's unbelievable.
By the way, if your paycheck is unbelievable because it's teeny and tiny kind of like my penis,
here's the answer for you.
If you'd like a big fat paycheck, every payday, here's the way to do it.
Get yourself some training and get yourself a great computer job from our friends at Fast Train.
Call them today.
You got nothing loose but that crappy job in your lousy paycheck.
Call 1-866 Fast Train because these folks can have your train insertifiable before years end.
The demand for computer professionals is gigantic.
It's humongous.
So there's no better time than right now to get yourself a new high-paying job that you've been dreaming about.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance, convenient to evening a weekend schedules,
and forced outflow to locations as well.
And Fast Train even offers financial assistance for people who qualify.
So call 2-day Fast Train and be sure to mention Todd Drex's name when you call.
They'll be on the floor in no time at all.
See, I wasn't prepared for that.
My fault, my bad, they'll be on the floor in no time at all.
And just keep finding different ways to work that in.
1-866 Fast Train, get out of your dead end job and get yourself a life.
Check them out of the web at fastatrain.com and then call tool3-1-866 Fast Train.
My mind and wall is just 420 or 560.
You weigh in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yourself.
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer.
One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly,
but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered.
On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent.
One of my challenges that afternoon was the Del Castro.
There was a mischievous gleam in his eye.
Then he said something that left me in awe.
Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office.
Delicious!
Almost immediately, we crashed into bed.
It was wonderful to lose myself and sheer physical sensation.
A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House.
I answered, yes, you must come to see me.
That night, I was ushered upstairs and told to put on a wig and hoop skirt.
And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason.
I'm not all that athletic anymore, but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth,
squealing.
When Stevie finished, I felt numb.
Another surprise soon followed.
Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger.
The hill didn't mine.
After all, it happens.
1033.
At 560 WDQAM, boy, those are the best.
Yeah, she's got bugs up the ass, I guess.
I'm not the Beatles.
Anyway, 59 votes already on the poll.
What's your take out of this California recall election?
Who gives this from it?
27.
See, I give them the right choices because I know our crowd.
They're more intensive right now.
Yeah.
Armels in 20.
The recall will not pass 10 and boost the money will win only two out of 59 votes.
Not looking good for old crews.
You know who'd do a lot better?
Freddie Crews might have been better.
And I'll tell you what do you think better than Freddie Crews?
It's an angry time.
No.
It's an angry time.
It's a stupid one.
And when the people are looking at you,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
they'll be like,
she'd be sweet,
but she's dead.
She's going to be a right end.
In fact, yeah, she'd probably get more votes than Crews,
Boost the Money because nobody's got any idea
who that fat, uh, uh, uh,
beener is anyway.
So that's the result of the poll so far.
A lot of indifference, which uh, it figures.
Here's a, a very amusing fact.
You just said,
please do not read on the year.
Well, I won't read your whole name,
Andrea.
I won't read your last name.
The Oranches.
A couple of weeks ago,
I heard you talking about looking
for someone to sit with your mother.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I was wondering if you found anyone for it.
I'm certified home health aid
and be interested in the position mentioned.
If you're still,
if you're still looking,
you can give me a call at 9-5-4-Yadi-adi-adi
and I can furnish you with more information.
Thank you, sign Andrea with a actual name on here.
Is that amusing or what?
I'm looking for the surliest
Jamaican woman.
Somebody to sit with my mother.
Oh, brother.
I wouldn't wish that on anybody.
My mother's doing just fine, Andrea.
Okay, I think maybe out of heat,
your ears that Waxy build up cleaned up.
Darcy Hordechuk.
Oh my god.
No, no, no, what are you doing?
Is this like sabotage now?
Is he trying to get even with Greg Reed
and like uh,
Sandbaggisol or what's that all about?
Last thing we need is hockey on this station.
It's in the Pettalee box, Lamar.
Legion free man, Russ.
That's all we need, man.
Hockey.
That's the end of this show.
And it's a station.
Survey shows Fox led in misleading the public.
What a surprise, huh?
Oh, what happened?
All those other people that were on there.
I don't really care about them because I got a whole lot of stuff.
But we better do Pompano.
Hello?
Pompano.
Hola.
Long run.
The sound of silence.
Huh?
It was probably the best call we've had so far.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, the retired guy.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I know it's going to win.
Yeah.
And you're a fag.
Big one.
Yeah, big one.
No, it's a small one.
How do you like that one?
Yeah, how do you like that one?
That was pretty good.
How do you like that one?
Wow.
Wow.
Oh, I give it about a two on a scale of 45 billion.
How do you like that, asshole?
God.
How do you like that one?
I guess he sure got me, didn't he?
Oh boy.
Burn.
I'm gagging out.
I'm choked up.
Too bad.
Fox News Channel, like the White House,
got a ratings boost from in the aftermath of 9-11.
The tactics were remarkably similar.
Network executives gazed the nation's anger and panic
and recognized war in Iraq as a rallying point,
provided they gave viewers the sort of firm leadership
unsullied by second guessing.
It was a smart call.
It's from the Seattle Times.
Once war arrived, of course, Fox wasn't alone in the media campaign
to win audience hearts.
Other cable channels and at worst,
made self-promotional hay from dashing correspondence,
surrendering Iraqi soldiers and masterful bombardments
set the music.
What great TV we got to bad lot of us were knuckleheads about the facts.
Adjust released report by the University of Maryland's program
on International Policy, PEPA.
Finds a majority of respondents have misperceptions about the war.
No.
The results show that 48 percented correctly believe that the evidence of links
between Al-Qaeda and Iraq have been found.
22% that weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq
and 25% that will depend in favor of the U.S.
going to war with Iraq.
A walloping 60% overall held one or more of these misperceptions.
You know her?
Yes.
How did we get to be such dopes?
PEPA quiz respondents on their main sources of news information.
Their findings are at right.
As you'll note, and I've got to find these right here at my right,
on the far right.
As you'll note, Fox's audience scored the lowest.
That's fodder for arguing the only place it's fair and balanced
moderating belongs is on the cover of a satirical bestseller.
The more closely you followed Fox, the more misperceptions you had
said Clay Ramsey, PEPA Research Director,
no other news outlet came anywhere near that.
He said that in a separate examination of U.S.
citing Fox's primary source,
45% held all three misperceptions.
While the findings for Fox made up a surprise,
second among ill-informed viewers is CBS,
long considered a baston of anti-war liberalism by
subscribers to websites like ratherbyist.com.
Apparently, be knighted in this cuts across
ideological lines and no network or cable channel
complainant's viewers are well informed about the
worst most critical issues.
We're like one nation under duh.
Why ain't he duh president?
Duh?
Duh.
But yeah, I like that one nation under duh.
This is from the Seattle Times.
It's on our website.
You know, it's not on our website.
Is it?
Huh?
Yeah, it is.
I think it's on it.
Uh, 80% had one or more of the Fox viewers had one or more
of these misperceptions of those three categories about the war.
80% only 20% had none.
CBS 70% had one or more.
ABC 61% NBC 55CN 555.
The print media 47% and NPR or PBS had only 23%
share these misperceptions had no clue what that was all about
or where these places are on the map.
In other words, what this article is trying to say is the
American public is dumb, not smart like us, but dumb.
Sing a hyalel, oh wait till I get to read this article, okay?
Can't wait.
Do it now.
Sunday I'm pulling around.
Sit in the memo and speaking of setting up the memo,
I'm sure that you must have a pilot checks on the desk there
from our Seattle department.
Everybody else in the building for abandoned pair rescue to get
sober.
I have no idea what we've got because he just left me in the
lurch now.
I know we got an appearance I think on Thursday.
We'd write no one's been talking about that today.
What?
Ain't seen him today.
No, no, he's too busy sucking around for my guy,
Dan Marlin, Cubs tickets.
Why, I am local.
We're sports radio 560s, you a-
You a-m.
Tonight on Action News, Bill Clinton campaigns for Governor
Gray Davis.
It's California.
I'm worried about it.
I don't want you to become a
Lampingstock, a Carnival.
I ask you to embrace new ideas.
This is big.
So in comprehensively large and we ought to do it.
And we ought to do it together.
More than 100,000 positions all across America.
On tonight's Action News.
Indeed I did have a relationship with a million Americans,
including even my wife.
1043 at 560 WQM 99 votes on the pool.
What's your take on today's California election?
Of course we have a very socially conscious audience.
And who gives estimates leading our hands down?
47. Nobody cares.
Even though it's about Arnold.
Arnold is in 32.
The recall will not pass 17 and for Cruz Bustamani,
Bustamani will win.
It's only got 3 votes out of 99.
Not looking too good for a 4C that Cruz Bustamani.
Dammit.
Guess who's not going to be elected president?
Bobby.
Bobby Graham.
A war floor to Senator Bobby Graham.
In it is bid for the presidency.
After a struggling again, momentum,
a race cashed in the crowd of democratic
fields, while leaving open the possibility of another Senate campaign,
or even a vice presidential run if asked.
He said if he's asked he'll have the runs.
Graham who said his candidacy failed because he got in the race behind several of his rivals,
and at a hard time raising money became the first democratic wrap-up.
I felt the best prepared and most able democratic candidate to be elected president.
He said in a statement on the United,
I've concluded this is not to be.
A combination of factors is convinced me,
reluctantly, that my dreams for the presidency are not attainable.
Graham 66, one of the most popular politicians in Florida,
but he attracted only single digit support in national presidential polls,
and couldn't reach his goal of raising 15 or 20 million bucks to fund his candidacy.
If we would have just pitched in, he might still be in a running.
You know what?
But I can't.
Yeah, well.
Because nobody...
His departure could benefit other candidates, such as Senator Jew Lieberman or Connecticut,
who hoped to get a fund raising boost from Jewish donors in Florida,
who were committed to their home state senator,
who are really firm and where their past and sits is all over the place.
Within an hour of Graham's announcement,
Longshot Peace candidate, Dennis Gassinich,
urged Graham's anti-war supporters to join his campaign.
Graham said he's not decided whether he would run for election to ascend at seat,
Yani, Yani, and he said,
on Larry King Live last night.
So Bobby Graham's out, damn it.
I mean, might as well, right?
Right.
What's the point?
He just spit in his veal.
We want Howie anyway.
We want Howie Dean.
I saw him on yesterday.
We're not going to be interviewing on him somewhere in CNN, I guess.
I don't know.
Or maybe he's on the MSNBC,
which nobody watches.
He was kind of weak.
I mean, he was okay, but he was a little bit weak.
I'm very much for him, but he's not really,
I don't know.
He's not a great speaker.
He's not. He's what?
Dynamic.
No, he's not dynamic.
I mean, blah, blah.
Even though he was like a hillbilly from a cracker from Arkansas,
he was dynamic compared to these guys in his own kind of Yahoo way.
You know, he was slick.
Good speaker.
He was slick, Willie.
It was slick.
That's what Monica said.
Keep slipping out of a armpit.
See Kyle, man, I can't wait to read.
I'm going to keep teasing it and teasing it and teasing it.
Huh?
Curse you.
I might read it over and over and over again.
Oh, here's a picture in history about Fox slanted news.
Fox news channels are back work coverage,
featured reports from correspondent,
Haraldo Rivera.
And it shows a picture of Haraldo acting like silly goose again.
Too bad a wet.
Too bad a head to be our good friend.
What's his name from NBC six years ago to die of the pulmonary embolism
instead of Haraldo.
What was his name that died David Bloom that too bad David Bloom was a good guy
and a family guy and everybody liked him.
He used to work in South Florida.
He was liked by all and it would have been so much better if Haraldo would
have croaked instead of David Bloom.
Here's a call from Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I'm I felt your pain from listening to you talk in the past about
people being on the cell phone with the game.
Yeah, I was I was at the Marlins game with my family and they were four girls
sitting in front of me in the whole game.
I was like I'm on a back of the head with a baseball bat.
Actually, the funny thing is I had bought my one of those little
wood baseball bat and it was quite tempting at the moment.
Yeah, because all they did for I would say good for any
this talk on a phone.
I mean, because they don't really care about the game.
Like most of these people are going to be at the games in
Friday and Saturday.
They don't give a crap about the Marlins or about the game.
But it's just the bad wagon jumping affected.
They must be there.
You know, it's to give significance to their lives.
Well, that was quite evident because I was sitting next to a
die-hard baseball fan who brought two friends who
those were their first time and he was explaining
and the people who had a laugh, the people who had a back
and everybody's like cheering for the Marlins and these girls.
All they're doing is talking to themselves or on their phone.
Like they want to be there.
Okay, well listen to that great thing.
You said it about six times already.
It's getting kind of ponderous.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and the Rise of Line.
Mad Dog at two.
All right.
The Humper is back for a day of work today after being
professionally Jewish yesterday.
Humper is back.
4-7 doing the show at Chula State 2.
Marlins pregame 7-7-45.
It's the pregame special with Tommy Hunt and Len Casper.
7-45 Marlins on deck, which goes on forever and ever for like 35 minutes.
The game doesn't start till 8-20.
Nice going, Bud Light.
You moron.
You idiot.
8-20 to 11 o'clock.
So the little kids won't be up to see it.
Just like the world's serious.
All this other stuff because Bud Light and the baseball people are just stupid
and that's the way it goes.
Marlins at the Cubs in Wrigley Field and everybody's going to say,
oh well that's because the game is in Chicago.
It's in Chicago.
So that's why they got to play it at that time.
I noticed though that there's no difference on Friday
when the game is at P.P. Park.
It's at the same time.
You notice that it's got?
Yes, I do.
And how come we don't have Saturday's game on the schedule?
Well, what kind of a horseball schedule is this?
Man, who's making up these schedules?
What kind of a retard is making up these program schedules?
Good.
God almighty, I don't think Norm is the only interior defecator in that place.
Nothing must be clearance.
Because game three is on here.
Are we assuming the Marlins are going to win a three straight or lose for what is this?
What are we hoping for the best?
What's the best to seven?
Boy, and Saturday is going to be probably they can't fit it on here.
Because Saturday we got Huracun's at the Florida State,
which is the game of the century according to them, my idiots.
You got the Panthers in a Bruins, which is a regular season game,
and we're committed to carry that.
But also, are we committed to carry the Marlins game as precedents plus it's a playoff game?
Well, so the Panthers are probably get farmed out to like Waxi 790,
or some states that nobody ever heard of.
They can't pick up on it out like at 1740 on the AM band ESPN 4.
Right.
So I mean, who the hell knows?
That's why they don't have it on there,
because they don't know whether the screen will look a banana.
And all on clearance is case.
Practice makes perfect.
56670560, we love the Marlins 2500 bucks.
Where's my article from the Palm Beach Post here it is?
Tough call live for 2500 bucks or a TV if you're free.
See, you're not fooling us, you're not fooling for real.
You're into that.
You're not fooling anybody.
Front running, phone, he's, how come Book of Brain ever did that song?
I'd lower it.
You know, coming up, you'd be good doing that would be a good tarman.
Didn't he want to do that?
No.
Yeah, he did.
Front running, phone, I can just hear him singing it already.
It's like that KJ song, the dolphin, the...
Right.
Miami Dolphins.
No, that's not what it's called, is it?
Yeah.
It's called Miami Dolphins?
Showed up.
No, trust me.
It's called...
See, that's Miami Dolphins.
If that's not called Miami Dolphins, it's just called Dolphins.
You clown, you fool, you it is called Dolphins fights on.
See?
Okay.
Front running, phone, he's, I can hear it now.
There's one for KJ or whoever wants to grab it.
Can't wait to play that over and over again.
It says, so maybe you think you want to see a Marlon's game this weekend
in the Palm Beach Post today.
Chris Rocher delivers such a funny one liner.
There's sold out, and Andrew Firestein must be kind to Harvey.
Anager, the Florida Marlon's media relations department,
there's nothing more to say is what he said.
So all I have to say,
said Andrew Firestein.
Except that these times with the improbable Marlon's schedule
to play the long-suffering Cubs at PP Park Friday Saturday and Sunday,
there's one more thing you should know.
Money matters.
You can get a seat behind a home plate at Pro Player for 25-hp in a seat in the
Outfield Reserve for 125.
If it's the wonderful, wriggly field you want, and who wouldn't?
It'll cost you 2880 behind a plate and 500 bucks for one of the worst seats in the house.
Probably one of those behind a pool, like I said in one day for one of those Metz Cub Games 100 years ago.
So shake your head if you must, but somebody has this kind of money.
Brokers from Bokeh to Southern California are selling playoff tickets to these kind of
prices with one teeny tiny bonus.
They offer you something else so they can skirt Florida's ticket scalping statute.
When somebody pays 300 bucks, he's not paying theater for the tickets,
said Miami-Colonel Defense Attorney Brian Tannenbaum,
who occasionally represents accused ticket scalpers in court.
He's going to get some kind of a package deal, as my good close friend,
Mike Renewer used to say, they got package deals.
Like package deal, cool, it says like maybe two tickets to Paris,
or weekend at the breakers.
No, that's crazy. It's usually a sandwich or a t-shirt.
Just an expensive sandwich.
Haven't you ever bought a sandwich for $2,500?
Sure, no problem.
One of those pastrami hanging ones, like from Ann Kulker's crotch.
So that's the deal. $2,500.
The lines are like all around the blocks up all the way to Jacksonville.
Everybody is foaming at them up because they're on the bad wagon.
I guess better late than every, we don't want to pee on everybody's parade,
but it's just so glaring.
It's so obvious, and the whole world is sitting back, laughing their ass off,
saying, oh, there they go again, showing their ass to the world,
what a bunch of phonies they are.
In fact, all the stories, when the Marlins won the last game against the Braves,
against whoever the hell they beat the Giants,
the articles all said, every newspaper I read about a half a dozen,
actually more than that.
About 30 men.
And they all said the same thing.
65,000 people in the stadium were generally far more empty seats than filled ones are the rule.
They all made that, you know, went out of the way to make that point because it happens to be true.
Well, I think we poured from Opalaka.
Hello.
Any other major pick activity to write and heal for Opalaka on 22nd Avenue,
just know that 135 street, they got the dogs, the SWAT team out there, and everybody.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, you guys, anything about that?
Yeah, you got any reports?
No, we just did from you though.
Oh, man, looks pretty good on that fellow.
Well, Senator, our crack news team, it would right away.
Thanks for the lot, Palley.
Hey, you know what it is?
No.
Glenn and Miramar.
Well, okay, Glenn, hey, listen.
Have a great day.
Oh, you, man.
There's Glenn and Miramar.
That's a, he's a gun squeezy, you know that?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
He loves his guy.
He loves his peace, man.
But there's Glenn and Miramar.
He's still with us in spite of our minor differences there.
You know what I'm talking about?
I shoot him up, and see if the gun show this weekend.
$2500 for a goddamn ticket.
An addition to which the season ticket holders also get raped.
Because we got those, and by the way,
Miguel and anybody else in that building,
you're not getting the Cubs, Marlins tickets for the home games.
You're not getting them.
Can't stand that all those freeloaders there.
Oh, no, Julie Parrish is dead.
I have no idea who that was.
No, no, no, me either.
Well, then why did you face this to my guy?
Because I figured it's a side of know who it was
that must be some old codger who you were recognized.
No.
Julie Parrish, who started in 1967,
CVS sitcom Good Morning World,
and appeared in films with Jerry Lewis,
and others, Presley, has died.
She was 62.
She died?
Yeah.
She died Wednesday.
Well, this is almost a week later.
At the Tarzanah Community Hospital,
natural causes that likely were related to her history
of Ovarian Cancer, said her brother James Wilbar,
searching for Mr. Wilbar.
Parrish portrayed Linda on Good Morning World.
I never heard of the show.
I never heard of her, which fell from 1967 to 1968.
She died?
And also featured Billy D. Wolf,
Joby Baker,
Ronnie Shell,
and Goldie Hahn.
She also appeared on shows including Star Trek,
Bunan's and My Three Sons,
one of my favorite shows.
Oh, man.
And Beverly Hills 902-1.
She also had roles on soap operas,
including Return to Peyton Place,
and Capital.
Remember Capital?
No.
She was in the film Paradise Hawaiian Style with Elvis,
and in one of the film's best moments,
held a group of dogs at Bay,
as Presley sang to her in a helicopter.
Isn't this a success?
Why am I reading all of this?
For a book of running, I guess?
She also had several,
no, he doesn't know who this is either.
I'm sure he is.
She also had several stage roles
and received an LA Drama Critics Award
for a portrayal of Maggie and Arthur Miller's
after-
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
I couldn't have programmed this better myself
if I could just find the damn thing.
And Arthur Miller's after the fall.
Maybe she was Prussian.
She had several writing critics including
an episode of Laverne and Shirley
and recorded when we danced in the album of Country Music.
Well, that's a shame.
Whoever the hell she was,
somebody, uh, some broad, Julie Parish's dead.
What was her name?
She Parish.
Dammit.
She year had a fall.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T line
to pressure his building.
They're squeezing it.
The big election in California,
the big game tonight,
the Marlins and the Cubs
at Riggly Field.
What the hell, more could you want?
My life can look all
this is 420560
the way you can way am.
You drenched back in?
Coming up tonight,
on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood
Celebrity Music Pagraphy Profile Story.
In one song,
he mentions banging 7 women.
He was Lubega.
A little bit of Madagascar in my life.
A little bit of Erica,
by my side.
Well, I do not want to brag,
but the Lubega is cavalier
about his mega hit,
mumbo number 5.
A man like me,
so many appetites.
I must snack often,
no?
God is this guy for real.
Desperate to get a viewpoint
which conflicted with this obnoxious mother f***.
Resud outside Kyatris,
Dr. Jane,
Oh, man, suck.
This Lubega is a dysfunctional sex addict.
He has delusions of Branderer
in the severe phallic obsession.
He should be castrated and forced to eat it.
I mean, really,
you don't catch me having sex with seven men
ever.
In my lifetime?
Clearly, we are attempted to discredit Lubega
head backfired.
So, we went the other way,
and found porn star Ron Jeremy.
Jesus, that s***!
Fantastic!
You know, I don't think I ever did it
with seven women in my whole career.
I mean, at one time,
four was the most they gave me.
But then it kind of evens out,
because I was, you know,
let's just say I bet Lubega didn't put it
in all the places I did.
So, for me,
four women was more like 10 or 12.
You know, come to think of it,
that Lubega is an f***!
Who has he to say he's better than me?
Will you listen to this?
Typical man.
They all have to whip out their things
and brag about who gets to do me.
I mean, not me.
Oh hell, yes, I mean me.
Do me, Lou!
Of course, my lovely,
for that is what I do.
I service the lovely ladies.
Oh, Christ, we're back to him again.
Will somebody please kill me?
It's a big, juicy,
shopping-wet look at your business.
Tonight, on inside the Bahar.
It's 111-560-W2-154-4.
What s your take on today s California election?
There s Armel on CNN.
Bring down Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Who gives a shmit?
76 people said that.
Arnold is in 51.
The recall will not pass 24.
And Cruz,
Cedacruz Bustamani will win only 3 out of 154.
1.9%.
I don't think that s going to cut it, do you?
Here s a call that says Toronto,
but can it possibly be?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes sir?
How are you?
How s it going, eh?
Good.
Going very well.
Sorry, eh?
Yeah, recent relocation from South Florida to Toronto.
And very happy to be out of that chaos.
And, yeah, congratulations.
You on the radio or on the web?
Whatever the thing is, yeah.
Well, that s fabulous, man.
We got Indian summer coming this week into 70s tomorrow.
It s sunny in the 60s today.
It s beautiful.
What more could you want?
It is last week with the bit chilly,
but mid teens this week and looking real good.
Nothing wrong with that?
It's not in the mayorial election?
Barbara Hall.
All the way.
All the way, man.
Yeah, good deal.
She s pretty weak, but you know, she s the best we got.
I hear her public speaking skills are improving from the last go around.
Well, could they be any worse?
I don t think so.
I like mayor Mel myself.
He was a real hoot.
I did. I did.
I didn t really like that.
We re going to miss him a lot.
He was goofy, but he was goofy in a good way.
I liked him.
Yeah.
He realized he was that sick late.
Yeah, he s got it all.
He s got AD&C.
The Neil just wanted to say hello from Toronto.
And enjoy this.
Thank you.
Okay, see you around, eh?
Thank you.
Okay, take care, Barbara.
Call from Toronto.
How do you like that?
All right.
We're going to make believe the opening of your season
Saturday against the Montreal Canadians at the AD&C.
I m sure it ll be there for that game.
Hmm?
Sure.
Yeah.
Poor killed in a racket.
Taxed three US soldiers had an Iraqi interpreter were killed in two
several incidents by explosive devices.
Yet that in your bag that US military said today.
In one incident, the soldier, well, I don t want to read them all.
It s just the more numbers, the just all statistics.
There are no names in here anyway.
Just remember.
It s worth it.
It s worth it.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
Do we know why yet?
No.
But we'll figure it out.
We'll make up some answer why it s worth it.
Oh, it is Ray Davis.
How is that?
How is that?
You got the person out of a dead man.
For a time ago, there, and I spoke here at the hotel with Arcturus,
who is the chairman of the California State Department.
That s California.
Get it right now.
And we talked a little bit about comparisons between this recall election.
Yeah, you're boring.
OK, so that s the deal.
Also, speaking of the recall, which most of you don t care about,
but that s okay.
I m going to bombard you with it anyway.
It s more important than hearing about the freaking Marlins.
And Darcy Hurtichock.
Oh, God.
Scott, I used to like you a lot, Scott.
But he was, you notice how he made up for that by that great cross over that we did
after it?
Marathon cross over.
Went to about 1030?
Ponderous.
One thing I ve noticed, did you notice on the last break or the one before that,
how he couldn t get the spots on right?
One thing I ve noticed about Scott Jr. there, he s totally incompetent,
at least he s consistent.
And another one, he s sucking around for hockey tickets.
You can have all the hockey tickets you want, OK?
Because I m not there, number one.
And nobody that, oh, it s speaking of stuff in my house,
lawn people.
You know what?
I need lawn service.
Right?
I, yeah.
OK.
I don t want to tell the whole story, because I don t want to mention their name
on the ear, but they re lawn service from a hill and they suck and they should only
croak, OK?
What happened when I was home last time down there?
There s a knockout of window.
And guess what?
The lawn people have messed up my expensive pool heater.
What have they done?
They ve cracked something on the pipe on the side and they ve created all kind of a problem.
And so the guy apologetically, the banana boat captain of the crew,
comes to the window and says, oh, while we apologize and blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, one of these illegal aliens smashed the big lawn more
into the thing and yada, yada.
And you know, go ahead and get a fix and we ll pay for it.
We ll deduct it to whatever.
We ll make sure you get paid for it.
So, clip to pool mine, you know, clip to pool mine.
Are we sure?
If you look up the word shyster, that s a clip s picture next to it.
I ll clip the pool mine.
He took care of it and fixed the thing and it was at 150 bucks or whatever it was at 180.
So, we clip the pool man and now the people at this lawn service are supposed to deduct it.
They do a really crappy job in the first place.
They suck.
But you know me, I m old softy.
So, I like, you know, I don t like firing anybody.
You know, Scott?
Even the rent.
Right.
No, in that case, I might make an exception.
I d interior defecator.
But the fact in a matter is these people, and so John calls over there to say,
what the hell is the story?
Because they re not quitteding the bill and this bitch, I don t know how to mention any money.
This bitch goes through a wholesome, well nobody ever told us about it and we really can t
verify that and all the people that you re talking about have already quit anyway.
They ve gone back to El Salvador where they came from.
And so, this has been going on for two weeks and finally yesterday.
He told her, bop, bop, I m gula bitch and we need a new lawn service.
Because these people sucked.
They did a crappy ass job.
They showed up whenever they felt like it.
They would never pick up those palm trees.
I have in my backyard because my neighbor behind me, they don t want to see my big,
ugly, big dish, my satellite dish, to you, my neighbor, you idiot.
But of course the palm trees, all of them, the fronds, right?
Right.
They don t want to pick up the fronds.
They don t want to pick up the fronds.
They re there.
They re there.
They re there.
Because they might have to start using palm oil or something.
They must have to soaking in it.
So as a result, they do a crappy job in their first place.
And I just out of feeling sorry for these illegal aliens having canned their ass a long time ago
because their work sucks.
Okay.
They are to lawn service with Mohawar David, it is the radio.
Absolutely.
They suck.
So I need a lawn service.
And now looking for a freebie, I m just looking for somebody to do a good job.
That s all I want.
I got a guy that does a good job.
Do you really?
Sure.
Well, maybe we ll hire him.
Okay.
That would never solve the problem right now.
He s the one that wise we ll get like 50 people.
Because you know, in Florida, everybody either, everybody either has a lawn service or a pool
service.
Well, this is a full service lawn service slash landscaper.
He reconstructed my yard after the state destroyed it with that citrus.
Sorry.
Dr.
Jeb Bush screwed it over when I was citrus.
When I was tankers, the trees got into the tree.
And I gouged my yard and broke my fence.
And everything up in the process.
They put it right back together and even better than it was before.
Well, look at the six counties still using punch card ballots in California.
That s what this old geezer is telling us now.
Bob Frankard on CNN.
For that?
Let s see.
I bet you a lot of guys out there would like to do her though.
They re in Kagan.
I don t know what to do.
That looks like.
Well, she sure better looking on this old gas bag.
What the hell s her name?
Never seen it.
No, my Woodruff man.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Yeah, we need the Lord.
We need God on our side.
Yeah, God help us if you re watching.
Certainly not news.
I apologize for having to watch that.
But in case anything happens, I feel I need to have it on.
Because the CB, I could put on the CBC and see it.
I'll watch that.
But they like stick basically with real news, you know.
But governments did nothing.
And so what he set out in these 230 plus they say,
out all the time.
I don t want to put that.
Here s a call from Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thank you so much for making your call.
Did anybody send you the article on the homeless voice
from Pompano cassette?
No.
I think I restricted to six to this is the Reverend Jones.
5 6 7 0 5 C. I m getting pretty good too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 Reverend Jones, we don t want to talk to you.
OK, we don t want you calling.
We don t want to talk to you.
Go away because you re gay.
Yeah, get lost.
He won t.
He won t stop.
He s a crazy person.
This is what happens when he gives somebody a little bit of encouragement.
Right away, this becomes their life.
Didn t what I tell you yesterday.
There are so many people obsessed with this program.
Not just listening passively, but their life.
And I can understand it in South Florida because there s nothing else going on there.
Everybody who leaves that town sooner or later they call and say,
you know, the only thing we must about being there was your show, Neil,
because the rest of that place absolutely blows.
And I can relate to that.
I understand it.
Sure.
Which is a real bonus because I can sit here like in a real civilized place.
Boy, it looks like a beautiful day.
It s a little probably chilly right now.
It was 2 this morning, which is like 35 degrees.
Yeah, trade you.
A little on the chilly side.
But to the now it s 50 already, it s going to be 61 today.
And like 73 or 4 tomorrow.
Oh, and sunny and beautiful not a cloud in the sky.
It s got that kind of Vegas look to it.
Oh, I shouldn t have said Vegas makes me think about.
Roy!
But, you know, I m thinking to him.
Not as some good news out of that story.
Even in Sputty, you being such a heartless bastard.
I think it s got off his head.
Yeah, he died.
No, not that good.
Roy!
half of the Vegas duo of SIG Freedon,
was able to move his hands feet and give a thumbs up signal,
yesterday hospital official said,
three days after being mauled by one of his tigers during a show.
University Medical Center official said 59-year-old
Roy!
Horn was still in critical condition.
He still got a gainting wound on his neck.
He suffered massive blood loss in the incentive official said,
also had a stroke after the mauling.
The accident happened to fry the net about half of the alcohol we know we know that.
Denise Provecki, who was watching the show as part of her honeymoon trip,
said Horn introduced a 70-year-old white tiger in a month to quarter the
audience and let go of the animal's leash.
Bad move!
BROP ROAR!
Bad move, you shouldn t let go of it.
The tiger started a head off stage for Betty told CNN s Anderson Cooper and Horn tried to
direct it back to center stage.
You could tell it didn t want to go so he had the leash he was trying to get it to sit and face the
audience and he had his arm out in front of him.
She said the tiger bit his arm and he s hitting the nose of the tiger with a microphone trying to
get it off.
Well, you never going to get anybody off hitting their nose.
Well, and after that it s kind of a blur but it seemed like he almost sat down or leaned back
gradually and then the tiger bit his neck and shoulder area and dragged his ass off stage.
She said,
All right!
Unfortunately his ass wasn t the time to do the rest of it.
No one in the audience screamed, Poverty said and no one knew whether it was part of the show.
They didn t know whether it was scream or eat the banana.
I thought it was part of the act and your question was also on the audience that I m seen in
Zleric King live.
No one moved, no one ran, no one screamed, everywhere it thought it was part of the act.
BROP ROAR!
Other audience members said Horn looked like a rag doll in the tiger.
What are you laughing about?
It s hysterical.
Other audience members said Horn looked like a rag doll in the tiger s mouth.
Pro members backstage sprayed a fire extinguisher at the cat to force him to release his grip.
Attractive, they re trained to use such an event.
Mariah spokesman Alan Feldman said another good Jewish boy.
Ed Mariska sounds like some kind of a check or something.
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
Ember Ernie Mariska but that was a tad.
This is with the K. Polock.
Director Emeritus of the Cincinnati Zoo theorized that something had upset the animal.
Could have been a subtle change in the routine of the animal he told Cooper.
Wild animals are wild animals.
They re unpredictable, he said.
And you know what he is?
Absolutely correct.
You got a stump right on it.
But thumbs up from the hospital.
He s alive and alert and he s in bad shape.
He s on the verge.
All that you know when he dies by the way.
He has like a sitting ovation.
Not a party.
You probably will because you re all this bastard.
You and Scott are in Ferralto.
Heartless bastard.
You have a big party at this abroad just die.
We don't even know who the hell she was.
Oh, I m Julie.
What her name was?
A Suck It.
Parish.
Probably kindergarten.
Gary Puckett.
Hey, by the way, what s his name?
Do you know Leon Harris that just retired from CNN?
Speaking of Kirby Puckett.
Hope that was.
I'll never forget that day.
It was another one of those lucky moments.
Maybe my psychic powers were zooming in again.
You know, I just how many times do I turn on the audio
from anything I m watching when I m down there?
You know, right.
And I just punched up the audio about the American occupation.
Yeah.
And he said the animal or a twin center field or Kirby Puckett.
But he said Puckett with an F.
Yeah.
And he said it.
I know.
And it's of course it's live TV.
And it just went right along.
And I just sat there in stunned silence like,
did he really say that?
And of course the answer was.
Here it comes.
That's probably why they forced him to retire.
1113 at 560 W to QM.
If you got a really crappy job and you like to change your life
for the better, how'd you like to call fast train today?
That's a smart thing to do.
And really accomplish that.
Call 1-866 fast train.
They can really have you working in a new high-paying computer
career before the end of this year.
Don't forget the demand for computer professionals is
unlimited skyrocketing.
There's no better time there right now to get you a new high-paying career
in the computer field.
Fast train offers job placement assistance,
convenient day and weekend schedules.
And they've got four locations all over South Florida.
So it just makes common sense that there's bound to be one nearby you.
And if you qualify, fast train even offers your financial assistance too.
So if you're one of those people who's finally
had it with your crappy job and would make him peanuts
and would eking out just a measly existence,
don't be a measly, beasley.
Pick up the phone and call fast train today right now.
At 1-866 fast train.
No excuses, no mo.
Just stay in a crappy, dead end job working for some puts.
Check them out of the web first at fast train.com.
Get all the info you be looking for.
And then make that call to change your life.
Call 1-866 fast train.
My and local.
This is 4256.
Way to way.
Oh my cow.
Neil Rogers is right there.
Cubs stuck.
And this governor's raising a caliber.
It is just getting crazy.
Publicans, Democrats.
What's the difference?
You know, your guys, my guys, our guys,
our guys.
That's democracy for you.
Ah, sexual politence.
That campaigns are financed by the same guy.
I said, pay you guys.
See you, my name.
I really want to put us a Larry Flint going to a Kurt Bell food
by themselves.
They decided to get a bikini wax.
I believe I'll vote for a third party candidate.
Politics is just too sleazy.
Long government.
I have no experience.
I'm a womanizer.
I'm terrible guy.
But the government knows that removed her brain.
Go ahead.
Roll your boat away.
Oh, come back succumbing to.
1119 at 560 WDQM.
I mean, a pump this, Arnold.
You jackass.
You goofball.
You moron.
Better take a lot of these calls because they
could be very important, you think?
No.
Like this one in Boka.
Hello.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is Dick and Boka.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, Dick.
What's going on?
I wanted to just tell you that Celia Cruz is Cuban and
Bustamont is Mexican.
So I propose you call him, you know, Taco Bell, Bustamont.
OK, well, we'll take it out of consideration.
OK, pretty lame.
Was that lame?
What he was going to be lame was some sticking Boka.
5607.0560, pound 560.
See, I don't know what it is with this
a crowd.
About how many years now?
About third, man.
It's like anything else.
It's like when you go to Vegas, don't expect to win anything.
Expect to lose everything you got.
And if something good happens to you lucky,
then it's like a miracle, right?
Right.
Same thing every time you punch up a call,
don't expect anything.
And if it turns out to be good, it's like,
oh my god, that's a miracle.
Yeah, I know.
That's the a new approach.
Baches are just pouring across my machine.
What do you do?
Well, don't send me these, please.
If I don't send you the cartoons, they just keep
taxing them.
Well, okay, I got the cartoon or faction anymore.
Okay, it's not funny.
It says, don't know if you made mention of,
if you're ever aware, but Michael Moore's new book,
Dude, where's my country hits the shelves today?
All right.
Somebody was telling me about that yesterday.
Dude, where's my country?
And I'm going to go out today and get it.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to read that side by each,
along with the other book, the, um, uh,
Hillary, get a book.
What?
The Hillary book.
No, not the Hillary book.
What's her call it, book?
What's your call?
Are you the Michael Moore, the other Michael Moore book?
No, not the other Michael Moore book.
I already read that stupid white man.
I'm talking about the other way.
It lies in the, uh, the liar's the al Frankenke.
The al Frankenke.
Jesus.
Anyway, Dude, where's my country hits the shelves today?
Should be good to read regards from Tucker.
And it's not Tucker Carlson.
I guarantee you that that little fag with a bow tie.
PS, if this is old news, sorry,
try to listen for, uh, all four hours,
but work some time in her fears.
We'll get your priorities right.
Tucker, but thank you very much.
I'm so glad he sent me that,
because I didn't know what came into the book world.
Dude, where's my country?
Nice going, Michael Moore.
I say Michael Moore for president.
Yeah.
There's a guy ain't going to take any crap from anybody.
Let's write him in.
Oh, and some good news.
Telemarketers have stopped calling my house in Florida.
That's the report I'm getting.
No more telemarketers since last Wednesday.
Nine and a zero.
Huh?
How do you like that?
And how about you?
We have a feature.
Creature feature that we finally convinced somebody to activate,
even though we were paying for it for a long time.
Well, maybe we'll get some reports from some people in the audience
who've had a pleasant surprise and discovered
that since last Wednesday, since they've got the fear of God.
I knew God.
And them or some are God that they stop making those calls to anybody
who is on the list, because needless to say,
I signed up immediately, if not sooner.
And I'm sure most of you people did as well.
Am I right?
Yes.
Here's the fact from Tim and Del Rey.
Now, how many jo-
how many Joseph Gacky drops are we got?
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
That's only one I got to him.
Do we have any other ones?
Let me know.
Oh.
He says what it's currently happening in California.
It's quite amusing on the surface,
but overall, it's a huge step
back toward the advancement of the,
a huge step back toward the advancement
of how see he's got that wrong.
I don't always choose 100% liberal or conservative
when selecting candidates or topics,
but I take an issue, educate myself.
If Arnold Schwarzenegger is elected governor of largest
in the union tonight, then only confirm my fears.
He wants tremendously thick line between Hollywood
famous potential leaders of our great country's future
is become thinner and thinner.
Does he mean like a sunny bono and Ronald Reagan?
Is that what he means?
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
I can see it now in 50 years of Backstreet Boy type,
like maybe what's his name?
Our first gay president, uh, what's his name?
Nick Carter.
Oh.
Or the next Brittany Spiers will use their celebrity status,
money and fame to fool an infatuated public
while climbing their way to be the leader of the free world.
Can you see Brittany climbing on top?
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
Of Madonna?
I hope it never happens,
but it sure looks to be on that track.
Neil God help us.
I'll be under the mattresses.
Tim and Del Rey, can you play a lot more of those?
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
Josie drops.
So thanks a lot, Tim, even though you're a little incoherent.
That's so good I can understand it.
The second poll today is starting at noon.
We won't put it up till noon,
because I like this one we got on there right now for the first poll.
212 votes, what's your take on a California election?
Who gives a Schmidt 106?
50 percent.
Right down the middle, 106.
Uh, 110, like I said, out of 222, nearly 50 percent.
Arnold is in 74, say that.
Look at that.
They need to realize that their vote is just important.
Bill Gates vote is not less power in our vote.
Oh, it's Reverend Run from Run DMC.
The world right now.
Look at that hat, man.
Oh my god, Barzini would be proud.
You know, maybe we had somebody else in office.
What do you guys think of what is happening?
Is that a Fedora?
Is this on CNN?
Is that a Fedora?
He's wearing what do you call it?
I call it a Fedora.
He's wearing a Freak head.
And Bradshaw, what do you make out of the California recall?
I am as well.
You see what happens when people get a keen interest?
Did she say Bradshaw or Bradshaw?
What do you think, child?
The huge voter turnout today.
They should have Bradshaw.
Well, he's a wrestler.
He's a WWE rapper.
He's a rapper in a wrestler.
I'll get a rapper in a wrestler.
And we got Arnold.
What more can you want?
Oh, right.
Anyway, here's the uphol for later.
Over the years, which celebrity do you think is aged the best?
Now, I made that original list of four.
And I added one here this morning, which I do with great regret.
But you know who it's going to be.
John Stamos, Brad Pitt, Sophia Loren and Barbara Eden were the first
four we thought of.
And this morning, you got to put Dick Clark on it, even though we hit him like
Poison speaking to Michael Moore.
But nevertheless, he didn't start aging until very recently.
Right.
And then like all at once, you know, he gained about 50 years, which we're very
happy about.
I think it was after Michael Moore approached him in advance.
And he started aging like crazy.
He went from looking like 30 to about 90.
So we'll have to put Dick on there too for our later on pool.
Got it.
So who is this?
This is Reverend.
Who is this?
Is this a puff dog?
Reverend.
Really?
Yeah, they got a guy now on a passion's called puff dog.
Puff daddy and puff dog and P. Diddy and it's feeling kind of
shmitty and all these other crazy shforcers with his freaky cat.
It's a day.
He's a now what's he wearing a collar for?
And being a man that he's always.
Oh, he's a man of the cloth.
Right.
Jay has done what he was supposed to do here on earth.
And he's passed the test.
He's out the classroom.
We had a record that said, and like all fairy tales, then you'll see Jay
again, my friend.
I believe it's.
Oh, Jay, what's up, Jay?
Oh, that's who they were talking about.
What's he?
Oh, it's Jesus.
No, seriously, until this moment, until this moment, I never knew that.
Now, what's the song we got in here?
Uh, not Jay.
You got your mama.
Wait, you got it.
I don't have it.
You'd be ill and here we go.
Here's what you want.
Oh, Jay.
Yeah.
I mean, in Jesus.
Oh, right.
That is incredible.
Oh, Jay.
Oh, wait.
I'll put the whole thing.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
Oh, right.
Oh.
Oh,
Uh, I'm a rapper.
I'm a rapper.
Jay, when I was showing you, you took your fried chicken.
It's just blind in my eyes.
So, we just learned something.
That's an alphabet, guys.
OK.
He brought the runs from that.
What is it?
He borrowed that outfit from Dr.
from Father Grino Sarducci.
Yeah, he does matter.
Fact.
How'd you know that?
The heck?
He gave all those goiums.
They got a great sensei whom our all-em getskies.
Here's the facts from PD Lenny.
Oh, I think we have to do the break.
Why did you send that to me?
I did not otherwise fabulous day.
I did not.
You didn't send it to me?
Not.
Then why is he a fax to me direct?
Why does this asshole have my fax number here?
From what he was here, they all have a fax number.
Oh, I'm going to change all my numbers.
My phone number, my fax number, my penis size number, all of it.
I'm changing it.
27 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Attention audio mortgage shoppers out there.
The following message could save you a Schmidtload of cash.
Infrastrates for homeowners are shooting up like crazy.
Shooting up almost as much as some of the people on TV right now.
But there's still an interest rate available to just 1.95%.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
It's true.
The economy is changing.
So if you even thinking about refinancing your home,
or if you want to move to a better real estate investment,
this is what you really ought to be thinking about doing.
In fact, don't think about it.
Do it.
Call a financial group at that toll free number.
Because with 1.95%, you'll get amazingly low payments.
If you have yourself $100,000 low and you pay only $368 a month,
if you have a $200,000 low and your payments are a mere $736 a month.
So call financial group right now, 1-800-940-LAND,
to get you that low, amazing, unbelievable 1.95% interest rate.
Even though interest rates are climbing, you can still get it on this.
Call financial group, it's 1-800-940-LAND, LED.
There were an equal housing-landed credit restrictions do apply.
Rates have to change monthly 5.19 APR.
5-800-Local, this is 560.
The rate is all yours.
Thank you, Ian.
Ah!
Yes!
Oh, are you?
I thought it was a slayer.
Oh, we're looking fine.
I'll tell you what.
You may see a major option, the nominees for president.
So fair, rate, quiet, link, I want to guarantee.
The Democrats, I want to make my wife Hilah, rate, I want her big,
but out of the campaign trails, so I can stay at home and chase college tail,
judging from what I've seen, but choices are obscene.
It's either why me, labor, matter, how I'm being,
carry corn, can the water rest?
Can't get a life, it's left above 10,000 health tests.
Please get the wish to run, so I can have some fun.
Wow!
Me and Chaffa, Quon, Heron, Washington.
I'll hold a one, T-shirt contested my yard.
And all day long, I'll walk our abs, that may hurt.
It'd be a dream come true, it'd be a major two.
It pulls like willy words, a polva, switch a roux.
Have a heart, L, I'm fast, well, some baggled in pleading put big mouth,
they're in the white house.
Level 53, 27 till noon, Arnold, by the way, is going to remember.
All those things are going to come flashing back to them
after they have the final election certified, and the result, right.
And then, you know what they're talking about now,
then they're going to have another recall, they're going to recall him.
Seriously, they're talking about that already.
This is a fact from PD Lenny, which he sends directly to me,
in which you did not send, is so obnoxious, non-acceptable.
Self-aggrandizing, PD go away.
See, like I said before, when you opened the door,
it's like Reverend Jones, when you give somebody the slightest bit of encouragement,
because I said, all I said last week was,
PD Lenny compared to the correct drop of sales holes we got there now,
who don't service their accounts, who don't write any copy,
who don't give a crap generally speaking.
He was not so bad.
Is that what I said?
Something like that, yeah.
Now he sends me this facts like he's my long lost best friend,
he's not in compete, his over, he's going to come back into radio,
kick some serious ass, and a beastly threat in the suim,
and yada yada yada yada.
Okay, and all kinds of phone numbers.
Hey, PD, I have a great life.
Good luck there.
Wish you only the best go away.
Speaking of that.
That's all.
An out of control.
The multi page stories, hey, Jim,
we really appreciate these multi 100 page bags that you keep sending that
stop.
Hey, Jim, cut the crap.
You and PD Lenny both cut the crap.
Okay, right now make it a mark.
October 7, 2003.
Write it down in a guy.
The MPA director in front of your ass read it on your wrist like a
memento, write it on your penis.
If you can find one, cut the crap and quit wasting our facts paper.
And send us all bunch of crap.
Jim and the same goes for you to PD let me all have a lot of facts.
I guarantee I got a lot more facts paper than you got
Yeah, right. Let's change the poll now. Let's put the new one on here because this one we got the we got the
Gis of it. What's your take on today's California? We call election this audience? They don't care well
Um, and yet
Not as well known a lot of people saying well you might be the most qualified, but you can't win
251 votes who gives a shmit 122 48.6% say the California
Uh Arnold is in 85% the recall will not pass 39 and cruise the Taco Bell boost the Monta has got only a five votes out of
254 not too good even Celia cruise has been dead. She didn't even warm anymore. She's got more votes and Freddie cruise and the quiet storm has got
7000 votes. Oh look at his Arnold is going to cast his vote any minute
You know, we throw the term Christian right around a good bit
But shut Tom McClendon it comes from that segment of the
You're a good one to talk to you either God bitch. He's part of the God Squad in the next segment
I'm going to read that article by a Bob Prattakis and Harvey Wasserman
Good stop teasing fit Rackis
From the Columbus, Ohio free press and they headlight of the article is Seagull the Bushrow Schwarzenegger
Nazi nexus and the destabilization of California
Which I think you're absolutely you'll you'll be squeezing it here's plantation hello
I kind of like folks I kind of like folks that was a shirt
Right
Here's the call from plantation hello
Yeah, you know just to give you a little insight
We talk about Canada's stuff we we down here don't care about it
Yeah, well, we don't care about listening on your other phone call either rassles so blow it out your ass more on and say how do your boyfriend on a way out
How do you like that? You like Smo though? Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only 18 t and for right he probably calling for most house probably hanging it out
Here's the call from Miramar hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going man? Going great. Hey, what do you tell you about Canada? What?
I said how's it going with you?
All right, you know down here in this
Schmidt hole exactly
Hey, but I mean what a big joke man this California thing man
California, sir right man California California
Hey, it's like a whole big Hollywood production, you know, right. That's right. I mean, it's just like another
Here's the here's the last one. This is from last week Schwarzenegger 40 boost the model 32%
Isle's in man Isle's in he demand
Hello, he's gonna terminate great Davis
Hey, Neil. Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't be surprised, you know like if you get the light, you know
You just kind of like see him, you know like a skin pop soft and you know, he's like he's really a robot under there could be
Could be I ever thought about that. Hey, didn't they I mean didn't they have the terminate Arnold? It didn't have that movie this year
Rise of the machines, you know
A good point. I think he might be it. Okay, I had a great day, pal. And I still have Easter hour
Hey, it was just something money. I wish I had what he has
What a penis
Let's see over the years which celebrity you think his age the best. This is uh, you know
I'm sure they can add to this list that they really put their thinking caps on you notice that that guy the crank the call
Two calls back he was sitting there like you know in the middle of some kind of a circle jerk right
And then he's waiting on hold and too stupid even understand that we're listening in on whatever
He was a yankin and then like oh well, we don't care about Canada
But you're you're whatever we're interrupting your busy day for you that you're listening to the show to call and bust my chops my balls
Okay, you silly ass soft-flow to moron you you invasible who probably paid $5,000 to sit in the upper deck in the nose
Believe it a guy named Marlon's Cubs game on Friday you idiot you
If you don't care about what I'm talking about then I still have Easter baby
21 till noon we got the mad dog at two we got the hump or its chula's at four
I think he had all like all last week off at a baseball
Let's see Zon to the day tomorrow
Thursday out at Calder with Ed Kaplan. So that's almost like a day off
He's gonna be punching his brains out and then Friday again a really brutal week
And the hopper I should work like just about all week long
Stepher like a little play the out there with Eddie Kay on Thursday nice going Hank. He's doing it
By the way, don't forget let's get wild the playoff pushes on and let's get wild the playoff runes on they both suck
That's from the a Suzanne racing at the Marlon organization
Those are their uh cliches. There's a uh, and they're just they suck Susan
I don't think of personal as you want to but it's very lame very weak
It doesn't say anything about the marlins there
By the way the games are all sold out although the next 10 callers. I think we got some free tickets for them don't we Scott?
Sure, can you say so 21 till
Probably Scott has already acquisition some of those from south probably you think got a fun my way through
College anyway, let's see how hot those tickets are gonna be with this audience 20 while till noon at 560 QAM
We're sports radio five
QAM
Brudge packing
This week on life time television for women
Monday, it's the classic and brutally honest landmark film my breast
To say it's the award-winning documentary my other breast
When say it's the lifetime original feature film the breast I mentioned before
Thursday see a repeat showing of Joanne Stark's feminine masterpiece both my breasts and Friday finishes off the week with the
Made for television movie my vagina from a breast perspective
That's all week long on lifetime
Television for women because even television for women is still programmed by a man
1140 460 till noon my psychic powers are astonishing even me
I voted the a new pool came up on our thing and I clicked on John Stamos and the moment I clicked it
Guess who came on TV on the spot for 1010 douchebags among those four meals Barbara eating now John Stamos
That amazing it is amazing
He looked pretty good. Oh, I see he's really probably not gonna get too many votes
And he's not yet because he's not that old
How old would you say he is about 30 man? He's more like about 40. I was like 40-ish. 40 is not exactly old
Especially the one old fart like me geezerish and anyway
Barbara Eden's got nine so feel a red and four John Stamos and Brad Pitt have three of peace
Well, we'll see we'll see we'll get some other names on air. I'm sure I can get a plethora. I can't believe it
Nope, what I can't believe you forgot one. Yeah, Johnny Depp
Hey Johnny Depp would be good. He still looks almost the damn same. You're right. He is a good choice Johnny Depp
See now the reason you noticed that the two females we have on air
It's it's see it's not who you have the hot sport. That's not the question, but that's what they'll vote anyway
Right Barbara Eden. It's still like to hop on her bones
It's like to open up that bottle and have her float out
Here's a call from Pittsburgh. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir
They signed the goal up here finally that yeah, I see that they signed that kid. What else is name?
I forget
I
He's a frog. He's some kind of a frog by size. I saw that last time. I wanted to ask you something
He looks pretty good to me. He said about this whole thing with Arnold is to get rid of
Cruz boost the Montaille so they can sue Enron well, right? Well first of all Cruz boost the Montaille won't be gotten rid of
Lieutenant governor
Yeah, and Enron doesn't have any money anyway. They're bankrupt. So what if he's soon the Jerry's way it was bankrupt
Enron is not out of business though. See that's the difference
They're not out of business. There's a difference between declaring bankruptcy and going out of business
Yeah, but when you go bankrupt all the stuff the owed people
No, it depends on the conditions of the bankruptcy depends on the bankruptcy agreement
Okay, well one thing I never understood this whenever if let's say F P and L overcharged everybody in Florida
Yeah, how would that hurt the state of Florida's budget? It would help us because they would they pay taxes on their income
So that actually would help the state of Florida if that's T. N. L overcharged everybody in Florida
I mean think about it. Absolutely. Yeah, it's got nothing to do with it
Everybody say hi to my rank hope man
He's he's terrible now every time he starts talking this game that was pretty depressing for him and he didn't say much and then
He just got a lot of people curious his whole I believe it. He still is vote ties
He's losing it
And have a great day sir call from Pittsburgh anybody have any idea what he's talking about yeah
5 6 7 0 5 6 the Oma Kintak just cast his vote good old Tom as he got any chance. No weeks of this campaign
All the major Republicans in the state rallying around Arnold Schwarzenegger and sending a not so subtle message saying the only a Nazi subtle message
When is tonight behind one candidate and all get behind Arnold Schwarzenegger
Let's get beyond Arnold is he qualified by the way loving on the last 15 elections Arnold didn't vote in the last California and
The federal elections loving out of 15 didn't vote so we know he was very politically astute very much involved in concern
Right
But Arnold's got a plan. He's going to clean up the mess in Sacramento, baby. He's going to do it this this today
This this is what America has become. This is the epitome of and I'll say it again a George
What that was the guy from the actor a hundred years ago George
Murphy George Murphy. He became a US senator from California
He was a actor, but he was he was a very distinguished guy
I mean of course he was a Republican because those guys all tend to be but
In George Murphy and then of course we had Ronald Reagan who was the head of the screen actors guild
And used to be a Democrat but then became like you know Republican born again. Well, he made money
I think you're part and he made some money
But the fact of the matter is that at least Reagan was polished and he had the key we should polish on his hair
He was you know, he was very articulate. He was a smooth as butter, you know
And then all of a sudden now we've gone haywire
I think it started with a sunny bono thing out there and they can point it floored all they want
Which we do have many many many many problems a lot of big problems
The fact that the matter was California's where all of these showbiz people all of a sudden become big celebrities
How about Shirley Temple black?
You remember that? Sure
She was a member of Congress. Shirley temples black
When they found that out he said we changed our vote
man
5 6 7 0 5 60 I think I'm going to read this now
Okay, Seaghal the Bush Roach Schwarzenegger Nazi nexus and the destabilization of California
George W. Bush's grandfather helped finance the Nazi party Carl Roach's grandfather allegedly helped run the Nazi party and help build the Birkato death camp
Arles Schwarzenegger's Austrian father volunteered for the infamous Nazi essay and became a ranking officer
Together they've destabilized California around the brink of bringing it a new rife
With the Schwarzenegger candidacy they've laid siege to America's largest state lining it up for the 2004 election
The Bush family ties to the Nazi party are well known in their 1994 secret war against the Jews
Mark Aaron's and John Loftus used official U.S. documents documents to establish that George Herbert Walker
George W. Bush's maternal great-grandfather was one of Hitler's most important early backers
He funneled money to the rising young fascist through the Union banking corporation
In 1926 Walker arranged to have his new son-in-law Prescott Bush father of president George Bush number one
Grandfather of Bush number two hired as vice president of W.A. Haramann and company
Prescott became a senior partner when Haramann merged with a British American investment company to become brown brothers
Haramann in 1934 Prescott Bush joined the board of directors of Union banking the bank helped Hitler rise to power
It also helped him wage war as late as July 31st
1941 well after the Nazi invasion of Poland the U.S. government froze three million dollars in Union banking assets linked to friend Styson
Paisen was noted in the American press as a
German industrialist and original backer of Adolf Hitler
Loftus writes that Tyson's American friends in New York were Prescott Bush and Herbert Walker the father and father-in-law of a future president of the U.S
That would be the current president's father George Herbert Walker Bush also the former director of the CIA
On October 20th 1942 the U.S. government ordered the seizure of Nazi Germany's banking operations in New York City
Which one of the direction of Prescott Bush the government seized control of Union banking Corp under the trading with the enemy act
The liquidation the other day reported 750 grand a piece for Prescott Bush and George Herbert Walker
The book the splendid blonde beast money law and genocide goes into exhausted detail on Bush Haramann Nazi money laundering
More recently Michael Kranisch covers the same Bush Nazi relationships in the rise of the Bush family dynasty published in the Boston Globe
Loftus documents that Prescott Bush knowingly served as a money laundered were for the Nazis
Remember that Union banks books and accounts were frozen by the U.S. alien property custody in 1942
And not released back to the Bush family until 1951
Often ignored are the Bush families post-World War II dealings with the former Nazis
John Foster Dulles who had worked with the Bush family in the Haramann company and laundry money-pronouncy Germany was quite Eisenhower secretary of state
His brother Alan Dulles became director of the CIA
As Martin Lee documents in the beast re-awakens American intelligence recruited numerous top Nazis to spy on the Soviets during the cruel cold war
Many established connections to the Bush family that helped finance the original rise to power
In 1988 project censored in its top award noted how many mass
Major mass media ignored over looked or undercovered at least 10 critical stories reported in America's alternative press that raised serious questions about the Republican candidate George Bush dating from his reported role as a CIA asset in 1963
To his presidential campaigns connection with the network of anti-Semites with Nazi and fascist affiliations in 1988
Investigated reporter Russ Beland established ties between the Republican Party and former access Nazis and fascists
In 2001 the Columbus alive published a series of articles documenting further links between Bush senior and the Reverend Sun Young Moon and his own fascist networks in Japan and Korea
Karl Rove has parallel ties the shadowy roe serves as Bush's brain in the current White House
He is the political mastermind behind the California coup and is now in the headlines for outing Valerie Plain the CIA wife of Ambassador Joseph Wilson
A consummate strategist wrote me of outed Plain in retaliation for Wilson's failure to back up the Bush claim
That Saddam Hussein was buying nuclear weapons materials in Africa
According to some published reports as many as 70 CIA operatives have been put a risk by Rose retaliatory strike
According to Wilson and retired US Navy lieutenant commander Al Martin
Rose grandfather was Carl Heinz rover of the Galatir of Oldenburg whatever that is we know what the Galatir is
Rover was Rach stop the Halter not to stay party chairman for his region. Oh, I love those words
He was also a partner and senior engineer in the rover sued Deutsche
Ingenborough
Engineering firm which built the Birkenau death camp at which tens of thousands of Jews jipsy's dissidents and others were slaughtered on mass
Exactly. I like to leave her with bacon and onions, please
Rove was then based in Utah and associated with the Mormon Church's widely viewed as the chief engineer of the current Bush administration
He and Tom Delay are attempting to force the Texas legislature to redistrict its congressional delegations and adding seven sure seats to the Republican column
By controlling the state houses in New York Florida, Texas and California
The GOP would have a lock on the four largest states in the Union
And that's the ability to manipulate vote counts and strip voter registration rules and they're run up to the 2004 election
Rove is a prime behind the scenes mover in the Schwarzenegger camp on May 1st 1939
A year after the Nazis took control of Schwarzenegger's native Austria his father Gustav
Olympioli joined Hitler's infamous SA brown shirt stormtroopers
This was just six months after the brown shirts played a key role in the bloody crystal lock the tax on Germany's Jewish community
The Vienna Daily their standard noted recently that Gustav a high-ranking Nazi
brought up the bespectacled rather frail boy with an iron fist and quite a few slats in the face
Arnold's father favor day Hitler style mustache in photos
On October 3rd ABC Newsbrook the story of Schwarzenegger's 1977 interview in which he was asked whom he admired
Schwarzenegger replied I admire Adolf Hitler for instance because he came from being a little man with almost no formal education up to power
I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for what he did with it to cover himself
Schwarzenegger's made substantial donations to the LA based a Weasantall Center which tracks down ex-Nazis and also renounce Hitler
But he is not renounced his friendship with Austrian Kurt Waldheim the one time head of the you win with well-known Nazi ties
The book Arnold and author unauthorized biography documents Arnold posting Waldheim
But participated in Nazi atrocities during WWII and his wedding to Maria Schreiber
My friends don't want me to mention Kurt's name because of all the recent Nazi stuff in New End controversy Arnold said
But I love him and Maria does too and so thank you Kurt
On May 17th 2001 Schwarzenegger also met with Kenneth Kenny Boyle of on right at the peninsula hotel in Los Angeles
Through the utility deregulation plan signed in law by Pete Wilson
Schwarzenegger's chief advisor California was destabilized bankrupting the state government and opening the door for two days recall election
Lay has been George W. Bush's chief financial backer and a close associate of Carl Roves
According to Bob Woodward's Bush at war Bush attended a New York Yankees game soon after the 9-11 World Trade Center disaster
Which we all remember he wore a fireman's jacket as he threw out the first pits the crowd roared
Thousands of fans stuck out their arms with thumbs up Carl Roves sitting in the box of Yankee under George Steinbrenner
Like in the roar of the crowd to a Nazi rally he would know
That's it that's the article
By Bob Fortrecus and heavy washington from the commissary high-altred press
It's interesting though now all years ago when I talked about these right wing fascists and called them Nazis
Oh Neil you go too far you're so liberal you're right
And now everybody you look at is just a small goose step away
I'm from out alien our
Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
Okay, I'm gonna eat the hour
Oh
Now that he is all that to get here on earth governor's are we
Yeah
Your peace voted in there be a big change you gonna feel burn you'll feel the pain
Yeah
Yes
You
I'd like to
Yeah
You won't be a Mr
We intend to win the heavy and bars. I hope you're ready for a tough
run this one thing around here.
If you can answer the guys' question from Pittsburgh, I thought about it for about
20 seconds during the break. Maybe a little longer than 20 seconds.
About 30, man.
And you know, the Senate, California, was buying energy from these companies, which was
gouging and ripping and, uh, and that's, and raping and pillaging. It reminds me of what's
happened right here now in Ontario, eh? Even though the guy does want to hear about Canada.
Very much like what happened when we had the big blackout.
Mm-hmm.
And right now they had to shut down one of the power, the nuclear power plants yesterday for,
uh, you know, like, they want to look it over in the peon at whatever they're doing.
And anyway, they shut it down so they're having to import, they're having to buy
additional, uh, wanted just to make sure that we don't have any blackouts or brownouts.
A lot of them say, sure.
So that cost them money just like back during the big blackout for those 13, 14 hours, whatever was.
And the same thing in California, they were being gouged and raped into the prune of
billions of dollars.
Eight and 900 percent increases in rates when, uh, the deregulation took place.
Right.
So we just mentioned that in passing to try to deconfuse our friend from Pittsburgh who
doesn't want to seem to be confused with the facts, although he doesn't know a lot about
myring cope.
But he should charge a whole lot of money.
Right.
He shredded the cope.
What do you mean he knows about myring cope?
Over the years, which celebrity you think, uh, has aged the best? That's our pull.
We don't have a lot of names all of this factor for me yesterday was so successful.
And again, a good list.
Don't you agree?
Axle or a list?
57 votes so far.
Barbara eat 19.
Sophia Lorraine 11.
Raquel Welch.
Uh, eight, which I didn't even know we put her on there, but she's a good choice.
She looks so pretty good.
John Stamos six Brad Pitt six.
Dick Clark for Johnny, depth three.
Here's a list.
Morgan Fairchild.
How about Morgan Freeman?
I'm sorry.
I just need the same person as Denzel Washington.
Morgan Fairchild is good.
Catherine Zita Jones is good.
Although she married that idiot.
It just I don't like him.
No, I don't like it.
Michael Douglas.
He's just too in love with himself.
He used to be who was good on the streets of San Francisco and then with Carl Moldom
kind of thumbed his nose at him.
Eric that's a machined by the way.
A fact that list.
Who did what?
A fact that list to Eric as well.
Oh, Raquel Welch.
Oh, that's right.
She's on her car.
Carol Alt.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Carol Alt model.
Oh, I have no idea who that is.
Well, I mean, you know, as fags.
Matthew Ireland.
James Seymour.
Oh, yeah.
And Isabella Orozalini.
So there you go.
There's a seventh from a good, the Fatcher yesterday and today, the good list yesterday
and a good list today to kind of broaden our list a little bit.
You know, I have like just three, four names on it.
I want my brother coming out there with just his hand.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Those are how free Marlon playoff tickets are going to be.
Are they scott?
No, not at all.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
And Neil, yes, sir, a little note.
In fact, there's a bill in the Senate that nobody's talked about that changed the law
of who can run for president.
They want to change it to even if you weren't born here as long as you were here for more
than 20 years and became a nation.
You could become a you could run for president and become president.
I can smell it right now.
And guess what Arnold has been here for more than 20 years.
Right.
I would save.
About 30, man.
So we'll have terminated for president.
We got to terminate Russia.
Terminate everybody.
All right.
OK, thanks for the good news.
I was speaking to president.
Good actions for economic vitality and growth.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Nobody years, which celebrity do you think has aged the best?
I think that's a good pull question.
Yeah.
I like it.
The audience don't like it too much, but that's OK because we don't care.
They're obsessed with a playoff, with a free Marlon tickets, Arlins and a Cubs.
Don't forget we got the game for it.
And I, of course, would have very, very terminally boring Dave and boring and the outstanding
booster, Shambi.
Who got to be doing a whole game?
Dave ought to be lucky.
They just even let him in the ballpark when you come right down to it.
745 Marlon's on Drek and then 820 is the first pitch allegedly.
Marlon's at the Cubs.
It really feels.
Boy, that's going to be some gathering there.
How?
First time in 95 years in spite of the crap Scott was peddling yesterday that they made it
in that they won a postseason series.
And now they're going to be championship finals for the first time since they had the wild
card and all this other crap.
Kind of, you're kind of torn, aren't you?
No, George is like kind of rooting for the Cubs because of our Chicago trip and the
Harry Carey experience in that deep dish pizza.
It's conflict.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Good.
Listen, how old is Fran Dreshnia?
Wasn't she in?
I think she was a Fran Dreshnia?
Oh, Fran Dreshnia, the nanny.
Yeah, how old is he?
Drescher, my bad.
My bad.
How old is she?
Wasn't she like in Saturday night fever?
Not third, man.
No, she was not.
She wasn't.
No.
I can swear she's like over 50, no?
Saturday night fever, I think, was made before she was born.
Are you serious?
That was in the 70s.
That was like, what year was that?
73, 78, 5 or 6?
So why am I thinking she's in there?
She might have been.
She might have been.
Well, I'll look it up.
But she's like almost 60 and she still looks hot.
Fran Drescher looks hot.
Yeah, I totally crap, man.
I know this tremendous ophthalmologist
to give you a hell of a discount, if you want to.
I have a good one.
Oh, she's obnoxious.
Hey, listen, everybody, you know, dog finds a bone.
So let's speak.
I'll put a muzzle on her, but yeah, I'll do it.
All right, Neil, have a good one.
Wait a minute.
What movie am I looking for?
Saturday night fever.
Just a minute.
Don't go play, hit and run now.
Here, ordinarily, I'm anxious to get the callers off.
In your case, I should be, but just hang on one second
so I can look it up.
On IMDB, that what you're on?
Saturday night fever.
No, I'm not on anything.
I'm on drugs.
No, I'm on my book.
Video Hounds, Golden Movie Retriever.
Book.
What do you know?
Let's see.
Well, yeah, I know.
It's hard to read off a book.
Saturday night fever, 1977.
OK, here's the cast.
John Revolta, Karen Lynn Gomi, very Miller, Donna Pescao,
Joseph Calle, Bruce Amstine, Paul Pape, Pappy,
Fran Drescher.
This guy is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
We apologize for first.
It had totally been worth waiting.
So she's got to be like, past half century.
Like I was saying, yeah, the movie was 26 years ago.
She's got to be in her 50s, right?
She's holding up pretty damn well.
She's holding on to it real well.
So why don't we put her in that pole and make it a point?
She's on there, man.
You got it.
Thanks, thanks.
How do you like that?
See, I looked it up rather than being one of these people
like Scott that gives a lot of misinformation out.
That's my job.
And then stoverly sticks to it, OK?
I mean, stickier convictions, but don't stick
to your misinformation, miss.
So Fran Drescher, let's put the niann in here.
Well, I mean, she's in several of our polls.
The one about the walking effort anti-Semitism.
She always does very well in that, sure.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
But I never would have believed that she was that old.
She might be pushing 60 for all we know.
You might be.
In fact, she might be one of these days.
I don't want to say that.
Because that'll get that guy upset.
Because he likes her.
He's got the hats for Fran.
He put a muzzle on her.
Take away your credit cards.
Here's Tamara.
Hello.
Let's go about a comment.
OK?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
All right.
I understand you have a look.
Some kind of a problem with your landscaping.
Yeah, he sucks.
I he sucks.
Let me see.
My land takes, Skaper sucks.
Well, why don't you fire him and have a real company
come in there and take care of it?
That's exactly what I'm going to do.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I already fired him.
I guess I'm going to use yours.
So you can pass the info along to John
and get this all done like you.
Get it done behind the scenes.
Because otherwise, you might have some axiomurder
or, you know, foist themselves upon us.
Now, these people, we did a crappy job
and then they had this outrageous, typical South Florida
attitude like, oh, well, we didn't know, do it nothing wrong.
We don't know nothing about it.
Right, you're full of crap, OK?
I'm tempted to give their name on here because they suck.
But I don't need the aggravation.
Plus, my lawyer is a bozo who's into interior defecating.
Well, we're going to choose the latest on the closing remarks
and we'll take just a couple of questions.
So I'd like to first introduce Dr. Derek Duke,
a neurosurgeon, and then I'm a short statement to read
and then we'll let him get back to work.
Yeah, shut up already.
Let him get back to work.
Mr. Horn's injury was extremely severe and is
all but miraculous that he's alive at this time.
Roy, they contributing factor to his current condition.
Dr. Derrick Duke.
Extraordinary will and strong physical attributes.
Roy.
These are significant elements.
His ability to recover.
Roy.
Mr. Horn is currently communicating with us
and is responding nicely.
Roy.
I'd like to address a few erroneous bits of information
about a status that has been circulating.
Please.
He is not now, nor has he ever been,
any drug-induced comment.
Roy.
While we are very pleased with his progress,
Mr. Horn remains in critical condition
and will be quite some time before we know
the full extent of his recovery.
Roy.
Every day that passes,
increases the chances for survival and recovery.
Thank you.
Roy.
Thank you very much, Dr. Duke.
There's the Duke.
There's the Duke giving you his straight dope.
So I'll buy it all this other misinformation
and crap you're getting, okay?
Just like Fran Drescher, not being inserted in a fever
which it turns out the guy was absolutely correct
and she was in it.
I don't remember her name is listed last,
so it's been like a small part.
I think she was like there at the club.
She danced with him.
I think that's all that she was dancing with.
John Revolta, no wonder.
Yeah, maybe it rubbed off.
Maybe that's how she became so revolting.
That's why she's staying alive.
Unlike Morris, poor Morris.
I don't play that.
Don't do it.
If you play that, that beat you thing.
Part is cold blooded bastard.
Yeah.
We really are and of course,
it's all for Ralph's fault.
We used to be very sympathetic and humane on his show.
But since Scott Frel came in,
it's like we almost wish people would die
as long as it's not us.
Here's a call from For a Lutterdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good to PM to you.
Hey, you know, those rating that you had this summer, man,
killer ratings, man.
Yeah.
Okay.
What does that mean?
Where's the going?
I'm congratulating you on having the,
having good ratings for the summer.
Well, how about George?
Give him a little credit.
He was on much of the summer.
Give George a little bit of credit.
Oh, George was the reason behind it.
There you go.
Any chance you guys get to step on mode, do it.
Right.
I got a poll suggestion too.
Go ahead.
Madonna.
Madonna has aged well.
Well, you know something I tried to look at
under a push as much as I can,
but I'll put it down.
Well, he's aged as well.
He doesn't look like a 40 year old woman.
No, she looks about 60.
Look at this, you're a man.
It depends on what hole you're looking at or through.
Exactly.
Oh, god.
I can't handle the whole thing.
OK, I have a great day, pal.
That's what British said.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
Five six seven, oh five 60.
What spot was that?
What commercial was that?
That was before you were born.
So I can't, I'll cancel.
It's no, it wasn't trust me.
Plop, flop, fizz, fizz.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
Yeah, you're right.
That was the time when that spicy spicy meatball spot
was very big too, but long long since passed.
See all you punks out there.
You missed all the good stuff.
That's the problem.
And it would be so bad, except there ain't that much good stuff
now, at least not in these categories.
The AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Madonna, put around there just to make him happy.
Sure.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty damn good.
Love the show, love the show.
I have two things for your poll.
Sean, Montery and Cher.
Yeah, Cher looks like the same bag she always did.
You're right.
Yeah.
And Sean Connery, he can't be a, what is he about 90 now?
I think he's turning the 100.
He still looks the same.
You're right.
Never changed.
Never changed a bit.
I'm also calling for those modeling tickets.
OK, hang on.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM.
Hey, listen, if your carpets are looking really schmutzy,
maybe it looks like they're agent faster than you are.
Here's the answer.
Call our good close personal friends and dry concepts.
The number one carpet cleaning company.
Not just in South Florida, not just in the state of Florida,
but in the entire universe, because they're the only ones
in the world who have this exclusive patented method
of dry cleaning your carpets, which
makes them look brand new, smell, lemony, fresh,
and stay cleaner longer and last longer, too.
I've been using it in my house for over 20 years,
and you ought to be doing the same.
And right now is a good time to call them,
because this moment dry concepts
offer you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call them tool free at 1-800-248-5071
and ask to be put on their stand by list.
And then dry concepts will give you a call next time
and they have an opening schedule.
It's the same idea as when you fly standby.
If you're available and they have an opening,
they'll not only do the job for you,
but not 15% off the regular already low price.
And please keep in mind, no scams, no ripoffs,
they give you a written guaranteed price up
from people who are less direct to when they're fantastic work.
So call dry concepts today and have your carpets look at
and smell and just like brand new,
ask them to put your under stand by list.
They may even have an opening for you in the day
that you call, and they'll still give you
15% off the price of that job.
Do it today, call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
Or check them out on the web at dryconcets.com.
Live live and local.
Please tell a voice talk show and see here.
Try Mr. Jack Nicholson.
Here we go.
Come on, pick it up, pick it up.
Nicholson residents.
Good morning Jack, please.
Who's calling, please?
It's Skizzy Buttnickle with Living It Up with Ali and Jack.
I'm pleased, old.
Good morning Jack.
How are you?
It's Skizzy Buttnickle with Living It Up with Ali and Jack.
Skizzy Buttnickle.
Yeah, we're here, you're gonna be in town next week
and we love for you to do our show.
Keep dreaming Buttnickle.
Oh, I'll just put that on the call back list.
Let's try it out.
Oh, this should be good.
Arnold Schwarzenegger running for governor.
All right, let's see.
Hi, this is a residential Schwarzenegger governor.
Good morning, Arnie, please.
Who's calling, please?
It's Skizzy Buttnickle with Living It Up with Ali and Jack.
Please hold.
Don't even tell me who's on the phone.
The way you answer.
Hello.
Good morning, Arnie.
It's Skizzy Buttnickle.
Skizzy Buttnickle.
What is that?
What Skizzy Buttnickle.
Towering from California.
No, I'm calling from New York City.
From the set of Living It Up with Ali and Jack.
That's a terrible program.
Arnie, I always love your wit.
So anyway, we're here to get a beer in New York City next week.
And we love you to do our show.
Oh, that's a terrible program.
It's not done in California.
If it was terrible and in California, I would do it.
But it's not.
Oh, gratitude.
Oh, this would be a amazing chemistry with Ali.
Come on, pick it up.
Oh, hello.
Oh, answer my phone.
Hello.
What are you doing?
Hello.
President Clinton.
I'm just having a beer.
Who's that?
Skizzy Buttnickle.
It's living it up with Ali and Jack.
Well, I'm Mr. Buttnickle.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing well if you didn't call.
I'd be doing better.
Oh, sorry about that, sir.
But we love you for you to do our show.
Oh, no, I couldn't go on that thing.
It's a nationally televised talk fest with Cat Ford and Ali Wentworth.
It's a nationally televised lapotomy.
Bye-bye.
Mr. Clinton.
This one will be a definite yes.
No doubt about it right here.
Here we go.
SpongeBob, President.
This is Patrick's speaking.
Good morning, Patrick.
It's Skizzy Buttnickle with living it up with Ali and Jack.
Can I speak to Mr. Squarepants, please?
Hello, who's that above, Patrick?
I don't know.
SpongeBob.
Hello.
Good morning, Mr. Squarepants.
Hello, hello.
Good morning, Mr. Squarepants.
Hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
Good morning, Mr. Squarepants.
It's Skizzy Buttnickle.
What do you want, Buttnickle?
Well, I'm calling you from the set of living it up with Ali and Jack.
And we love for you to come to New York and do our show.
Are you serious?
How far on the list have you gotten?
I'm a Sponge.
But you're a huge star and we get huge stars with living it up with Ali and Jack.
Are you trying to talk like me?
No.
Your boy sounds like mine.
No.
Your show sucks.
Have you noticed how Jack Nicholson sounded so much like the dice man?
Not until today, I noticed that.
Sounded just like him.
Not anymore, though.
And CNN says, this just in.
This was about three minutes ago.
This just in.
Arnold and Maria leave polling place.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, let's see.
Our man in Cleveland says, no woman is as better than Kuchi Kuchi Susan Luchi.
I put that bitch on there.
It'll make a freaky Carlos out there, the front desk happy.
If he's not squeezing his Tammy Faye Baker blow up dolly, squeezing the Kuchi Kuchi Susan
Luchi one, Sean and Hollywood says, I don't know, 40 years old, counts as aging.
No, it's not the age that counts.
See, it's just, I don't think they get that part.
Relative.
Right.
But Denise Austin is still harder than Chinese arithmetic.
And for a voice as well as looks for the fellows, how about Justin Hayward of the Moody Blues,
or Roger Daltry?
Tina, why can't we read this?
Tina what?
Tina Harper?
Triple?
Don't know.
Turner?
Can't read that.
Tina Turner?
Oh yeah, I guess that's what it says.
The facts, he's got like a big black thing on them, both sides.
Tina Turner speaking of big and black.
So there's, I don't know, Roger Daltry.
No, he's, he never looked good.
No, no, when he was young.
Justin Hayward of the Moody Blues, I don't know, I mean, I know the Moody Blues, but I don't know from Justin Hayward.
Do you, I know Susan Hayward.
And Denise Austin, let's put her on air along with Kuchi Kuchi is Susan Lushi.
Five, six, what?
I can't stand her, I can't stand that show.
I can't stand people who like that show, but other than that, Barbara Eden's got 24 and Matt Calwell told Rocky's got 21.
So feel a rend 16, but I tend to, she, oh man.
She still looks the same.
Right, I mean, obviously with a lot of makeup, but nevertheless, that's all we see.
John Stamos has got nine leading the guys.
Dick Clark's got eight, eight people are impressed by Dick.
Brad Pitt and Johnny Depp each have seven.
Friend Resher, the nanny's got six.
We love the nanny.
Morgan Ferretchell, three without a three in every but it's just going on.
There's, we're building, building an impressive list.
Here's a fact from poor Alex who always tries very hard, but generally like, I don't want to say that his faxes kind of fall flat.
But sometimes they do.
Well, he's got John Connery on top of his list and we already have that, but you know, when he sent this, we hadn't had any of it.
But he's also got Harrison Ford.
Okay.
Tom Sellick.
First of all, once the last time we saw how many years since we've seen Tom Sellick.
Stop third man.
Even Higgins don't over to help to fight his ass.
All the while, I shouldn't say that.
You can put him on there if you want.
Whatever you like.
And Dolly Parton.
What would you be more impressed by seeing the Red Sea Parton or Dolly Parton?
Oh.
And there's gigantic humongous hooters and hers happen to be real.
No, they're not.
They're not?
No.
How do you know that?
She had those before it became fashionable to have phony boobs.
Well, nevertheless, she had phony boobs first.
She has fake boobs?
Yes.
Well, put her on there then.
Dolly Parton.
Just for the hell of it, somebody will vote for Dolly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, officials, ward of absentee vote factor in recall election in California.
About 3.2 million Californians have requested absentee ballots for today's recall election.
And election officials are going worried that counting this record number of absentee ballots could drag out the result of it already on wheel of the election just like Florida.
Oh, would that be great?
Oh, yeah.
Make us feel better.
More than 2 million absentee ballots have been returned to election officials by yesterday.
They state officials said, but so keep in mind that those two million they already voted before all this other crap happened over the weekend before they started with this crap.
But about 1.2 million absentee and other ballots will not be counted till well after the election officials say yesterday that these votes could decide a potentially close raise raising the Arlen's specter of an election with no clear winner for weeks.
We like that.
Of that total 800,000 absentee ballots and expected 400,000 Olympic counted elected election because of anticipated stags will be included in the preliminary results from the counties.
He said, Stephen Weir, the clerk recorder of Contra Costa County in Northern California and treasure of a statewide association of county clerks and registrants.
If it's close, it's bloody, he said.
How do you like that?
He says he estimated 10 to 12% of the votes they wide would be counted after tonight.
The next day were dead.
People want to know what's left to be counted.
And the bottom line is we're talking about 1.2 million votes that are not counted on election night.
Man.
And it goes on a great length.
It's a, I think we got it.
If we don't have it too bad.
By the way, what's the name is still alive?
Roar!
You're not too happy about that.
Damn it.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm calling about the Martin's tickets.
Yeah.
Do you have tickets available?
How many do you want?
Two.
Friday or Saturday.
Saturdays would be that.
Okay, hang on.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T.
You have any more?
I'm not sure.
I mean, Jesus.
I mean, that's her.
I mean, that's her.
Here's a call from the keys.
Hello.
Hello.
I mean, sir.
Let me tell you that you've got a lot of fascinating topics.
Number one.
I want to correct.
Yes.
I want to say that there was a guy who called an earlier thing about the,
the, the, what I switched the boldening of the people who are here 20 years or whatever.
Yeah.
First of all, that's such a, that would be such a pain in the, in the case of the dude.
There's no one that would be a constitutional benefit.
You need, you just, you ridiculous amount of things they'd have to go through to get.
Right.
Number two.
He's, he's just getting a little paranoid that maybe Arnold could be the president's
terminator.
No, I don't know.
I'm not going to have to be that culminator.
Really?
The other thing I wanted to talk to you about.
How about Harry Kingwood?
I want to swallow that.
I want you to talk to me about Canada, tell me about Canada.
I want to know about, I want to say Lawrence River looking at the summer of the year up here.
It's beautiful.
It's gorgeous.
It's a lovely thing.
Oh, that's fantastic.
In fact, I'm watching a Crowley match on the ice right now right outside my window and
have a great day.
26 past noon at 560 WDQAM.
Tension audio mortgage shoppers out there.
The following message could save you a lot of cash.
Tens of thousands of dollars.
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but they're still, and by
the way South Florida still looks like the same swamp.
They're still an interest rate available for you at 1.95%.
That's right from our Friends and Financial Group column tool free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
It's true.
The economy is changing.
So if you even think about refinancing your home or if you want to move up to a better
real estate investment, call the Tysons and Financial Group at 1-800-940-LND.
And with a low interest rate like 1.95%, which will do these low monthly payments.
If you take out $100,000 loan, your payments are a mirror.
$368 bucks a month.
If you take a set bucks, $200,000 loan, you pay only $736 a month.
Don't confuse me with Leon Harris.
Call Financial Group right now and get the low 1.95% interest rate you've been hoping and
praying and wishing for.
Call today because interest rates are climbing, and you can still hop in on this bandwagon
with that low 1.95% rate.
Call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
The Renequal Housing Letter.
Credit Restressions apply rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR.
9-940-LND.
You weigh him.
You go back to Canada, you cute bastard.
So Canada, our home and needed bread.
A wife.
High pause and sleep.
We'll knock you on your hand.
With the shot eyes, multiply our sides.
We reclaim your good you see.
It's a legal drug recording tool.
A good old I hope see.
Go live and dream.
Call yourself training.
Open your bus please.
That's that boom to me.
What a life.
No.
Open your bus please.
That's that boom to me.
No music now.
Took your time to touch on my last concert assembly session.
In December I put text on my dark gray cat...
And tell my delivery.
Who's the other one?
Billy Crystal. Okay. You don't think? Yeah, whatever. He looks the same as he did like here years ago. Goofy. He's 56. He's pushing 60.
He's probably older than a freaking friend. Resher. We could have probably I couldn't look that up too and see how old that bitch is. I'm in the any.
I'll look it up next break. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Oh radio host for cleansing a suicide video. Almost let that story go. We talked about it all last week.
But it go. A Chicago man says he has exclusive video of the much hyped hell on earth performance Saturday night in St. Petersburg, including crazy footage that purports the show a sickly looking man committing suicide through some sort of a fixation.
But shame bug B isn't necessarily buying that it's real. Hell on earth frontman Billy Tertolo of how to early and week to defy a hastily pass city ordinance by broadcasting over the internet the live suicide of a
terminally ill fan in conjunction with his band's performance Saturday night. But the web host shut down the site before showtime.
The site was getting entirely too many hits and couldn't keep up with it said Sean Hughes a technical supporter worker for candid hosting in Tampa.
The site was getting more than 800 hits a second. He said and was slow in connection to 36 other websites that share the same equipment 800 hits a second. That's incredible. Is what he said? It's scary. It's a six society who wants to look at that stuff.
Tertolo told the associate of press that the concert held at an undisclosed location in St. Petersburg went on his plan.
As for the suicide which he said would be held at a separate undisclosed location in St. Petersburg. I don't know if that was done tonight. He said what?
Do you understand this? No. Anyway bug B said he's got two videos. One of the he said he's been interviewing Tertolo the past few days.
He's planning to show what he's learned during his two-hour internet radio program at noon. Well this was yesterday. Yes to this we missed it.
Bug B says he's got two videos. One of the bands performance another of something that looks crazy and appears to show man committing suicide.
But I don't know if I believe it bug B said I want some more information until I see pull his taking a body out of a home. It could be Billy's girlfriend for all. I know what that it is.
You don't think the public out sucked in again to it? Yeah.
Oh gee. Are we having a lady collar on his show and how many days now?
About 30 man. Long time but I see there's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes man. I just want to add Lorenzo Lamas.
Who Lorenzo Lorenzo Lamas. Yeah. Thank you. He's a racing hog. Yeah. He looks damn good to me. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. We don't have a great day.
Lorenzo Lamas looks damn good to me. It's better. George's hatred. Yeah. He lamas. I don't give a crap. I'm telling you right now.
He still looks pretty damn good. Not like he used to. What was that show? He was on Falcon press. Yes. And that movie. The snake wrestler. He was always wrestling with the snake.
Boy, I must have missed some episodes of that. I'd sure like to see him now. Snake Eater. By the way, speaking of Peter North.
They'll ever I don't know if I've ever told you this. I tell everybody I can that I have somewhere in my possession down there.
I have an old Peter North movie when he was about 20. Yeah. And there was a gay porn video where Peter North. Did I tell you this?
Yes, you have is giving and taking. Right. I don't want to get like, you know, more graphic than that. But he's like giving and taking.
Like giving with one hand. Well, in the way with the other way better to give them to receive. Right. Some people.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. But Larry King. But a bottom. He only looks like about 150.
Hey, but he doesn't look bad. And I got a question for you about Canada. How come Americans are moving up there? It's so good.
Oh, it's not. It's horrible here, man. You don't want to come here. Not the Canadian things down here. It's awful. It's awful. Yeah. Take a look at which Canadians come down.
They're the old frogs. Okay. The decrepit old frogs waiting to die. The cheaper they kept the frogs who they fit in like a rubber glove. Okay. Take your Canadian hostility and stick it up your American ass. Okay. More on.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Who the hell's talking about Canada? This is like a new Daisy team. We got going out. Who the hell is freaking talking about Canada?
We're talking about the Marlins and the Cubs. Are they planning Canada? No. We're talking about the election in California. Is that being held in Canada? No.
No. Begins with the same two letters though. That must be it. Give me a C. Give me a A. Here's bouquet. Hello.
Doca. Deal. Yes, sir. Regarding the poll. Yes. Brand Drescher. She turned 46 last week. Oh, that's not old. No. Well, she turned 46 and the movie was out in 77. That's like she was 20. I'm that makes sense.
How about you, sir? Okay. Thanks for the info. I guess that was it. We just like you know, a statement of fact. She turned 46 last week. Yes. She's not the old bag. Unlike Billy Crystal who's 56. Now he's starting to get like catching up to me. Now he's starting to get old and cranky.
Looks the same. I don't care what you say. How about about Frank and I'm seeing and nobody knows who that is, but he's on it right now. He's looked the same for a lot of years.
But 30 man always looks the same. He looked old when he was like 20. He looked like that. Old 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Raquel. Well, so over the years, which celebrity do you think has aged the best? Raquel's got 30. How many she got?
About 30 man. Barbara Eden 25. Sophia Loren 24 Dick Clark 13. Even though we hate Dick Catherine's hit a Jones 12 John Stamos 9 old Blackie.
Brad Pitt 7 Johnny Depp 7 the nanny's got 6 and then it's a very small single. This is from there. It's building or working on it. What about Scott Bale?
I went to the last time you saw him. Long time. He was married to that blonde Nicolette Sheridan from Notz Landing. It just came to me. Oh, I know.
Was it me? Yeah. I guess was that somebody else? I'm thinking I'm pretty sure he was not just somebody who could have me Ralph.
Okay. It's always playing teenagers. He needed like 80 Ralph. Well, we could put Robbie Benson on there too, but we don't know what he looks like anymore.
Plus he had a heart attack on all kinds of problems. Plus he was doing. But Ralph Macho. Do we see him anymore? Not lately.
So why would we put him on if we don't know? Nobody looks like now. I mean granted in the you know, days gone by but keep him mighty.
He was married when he was like 16 years old or something like that. Did you know that? Yes. When he was like a little punk.
And his message to you by the way is Kung Fu or something that sounds similar to that. Who was the name of that old Chinese guy? Pat Marida.
Oh, yeah. Pat Marida. Very good. That was an old and awful movie. They were taking a horrible movie. I'll put Ralph Macho one. He's like a nerd.
I'm probably pretty old by now. Yeah. And still looks the same. 21 till one at five 60 WQA. And the mad dog is doing a show like right there in the studio.
They which have no idea why he should be doing it from Riggly Field. If this radio station had any brains at all, they'd have him right up there in Chicago.
Wouldn't they know why? Why is that? There's a garbage strike up there six days old. You are the most. There's just there's something missing.
You know, I'm talking to your brain. If they could just find out something to the missing link is in your brain. There's just something.
No, there's nothing ever good with you. It is always some negative, some sour. You know, I hate to even give you all those hockey tickets you're begging for because you'll have something negative to say about every game.
Like the Panthers get their ass kicked in most of those games which they probably will. But so it don't give me any negative reports.
And then of course the assholes that'll be sitting around you, which I promise you that I know that because I know who they are.
I wonder if that guy's going to be sitting in front of me again with his poor little kid that has to put up with his behavior the whole game. Oh God, Phil Saltsman's buddies.
22 on, but nevertheless you'll take the tickets and you like him Scott. Okay. And like I said, mad dogs should be doing a show in Chicago without the garbage.
Thanks to the show list this afternoon, four to seven. We got the Marlon pregame at seven seven forty five. It's Marlon on deck, which I don't know what the difference really is.
And then at eight twenty first game to Marlon's at the Cubs, the NCLS game number one, the first pitch and the excitement even I even up here north of the border.
We can feel it. We can smell it from really feel like I can feel those days at Murphy's bleachers. Remember those days? Oh yeah.
Remember one of them. Sure. Before Disney sent you back. Although I think Marvin got this sticker.
A lot of time. He does. He does. Marvin make pictures. Yeah. Yeah.
If you're looking to replace that tarred old carpeting in your home, here's a great idea. Call our friends at Laminants R Us.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which looks great, but cost so damn much money.
Laminants R Us is the best place for you to find Laminated wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo Wilson, our Unifloor and Quickstep.
And all of Laminants R Us flooring is installed by Pergo certified installers to here's another good reason to call Laminants R Us.
Their prices are so unbelievably as the Brits like to say so bloody low that will probably floore you.
Notice how much stumbling around to get that? That's right. Right now you can get their fall special.
Now he said, say I said fall. You can get their fall special for just fourteen every ninety five bucks.
This fourteen ninety five gets you up to two hundred ninety five square feet of beautiful Laminated wood flooring.
It is unbelievable and unbeatable. I guarantee you. And Laminants R Us to prove it here will match any legitimate written offer for a free and homestimate with no obligation.
Call Laminants R Us tool free today at one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six.
What could be simpler? They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a twenty five year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring.
Call Laminants R Us today tool free at one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six.
My and Lord this is for trade you by city.
I'm here to talk about a problem that's been on the minds of women everywhere tired of that man smell.
You guys are driving a truck all day and he wants you to go down there where he has that man smell.
The Prince Massive Belly understands now taking part of that man smell with new scent and flavor and shrink wrap condoms.
These one size fits all condoms slip on with these and using any household floor tiles feels in freshness.
Good to be exciting in your mouth ladies with such delightful flavors as blue ball very to the fluting and penis collada.
Prince Massive Belly shrink wrap condoms like one today.
1247 at five sixty WQM 13 to one.
You also talk about California even our audience about half of them said who gives the Schmidt is basically what they said.
And who the hell can blame him here's pompano hello.
Yes sir yeah I got two additions for your list one male one female yes female would be Kim Batsinger.
Well bass singer whatever she pronounces her name is facing or yeah whatever and and the guy would be just bridges.
I've met him a few months ago and I like it is mid 50s and he looks like 80.
No no no he looks quite good really does he really yeah do I think with him.
No I just bought from him I mean I hire his work but that's about it.
You know one of those you've got the he saw something in captain of a Jones and he's girls are like in the early 30s.
How many age in grace we haven't even he's often the 40 at least to the son of this time 40 at least.
No sorry you know he saw you have a captain of 80 Jones is like in early 30s.
There was a sort of thing about her.
That's a good point tell us she doing on there.
And he's like at least the early to be on this and what kind of aging is that those are the same people have voted yesterday.
That would get to be 25 you're old and you're not happy with your birthdays anymore.
Exactly and I don't know what sort of an air air getter and ass off of there.
And I know it's going on in California but I just hope they put this recall down because that was feeling we're going to see a lot more of this around the country.
If this happens there.
It's almost like you don't like somebody you know even after a week.
My brother was in California he was telling me that you can have a recall for the governor at any time.
Like even let's say two months down the road after the recall is over.
That's what they're talking about.
They're saying that if more of these charges come through when they investigate and they turn out to be true and he's committed all these crimes
that the first thing the Democrats are going to do is start a recall because it'll be easy for them to get the signatures on petition and they'll have another damn election.
I mean it's you know the political system this country is messed up enough but this definitely rivals almost rivals have went on down here back in 2000.
I think they got us beat.
I think you just wait like they said about the absentee balance.
Just no.
Oh yeah that's the truth.
Everything here was taken from us down there and people were willingly going along with this process which is a doesn't say much for the collective IQ of Californians.
Well said have a great day paling.
Thank you.
Let's get what's in the mouth of our Catherine Zita Jones plus you married Michael Douglass so we don't like her anyway.
That'll lead you like you like her but that's for different reasons because you want to hop on her and you're never going to get to a hop on her and never going to touch her.
So you might as well dislike her.
Speaking of Leon Harrison Kirby Puckett my favorite all time memory of Tony cigaretteo was when as the young sportscaster on channel four instead of saying Mike Schmidt he yelled out well Mike Schmidt without the M.
See I can't just know what I can say it turned Ralph's neck even redder Bob mayor fell off his phone book and we've reflipped his wig.
How do you like that I wish I'd have seen that sure maybe there's a tape silly as Tony cigaretteo.
Now let's see here's something for the asshole I just called US political climate has some heading north.
Oh yeah for all you anti-Canadian's out there that think everything is so wonderful in the USA.
I think everything is good in the USA for all these here economically and culturally Canada and the US increasingly are what odds on basic social policies to the point that at least a few discontented Americans are planning to move north and try their neighbors way of life.
A husband and wife had Minnesota a college student in Jojo a younger executive in New York each has distinct voters for packing up but they agreed the United States is going to conservative and then Canada offers a more inclusive less selfish society.
Absolutely correct sir.
Amen for me it's a no brainer said Molly Inga brand of Minneapolis puppeteer plants to a Vancouver BC with Laura husband and two year old son.
They probably would have come to Toronto but there's too many Jews here and you know those Swedes.
No it's the most amazing opportunity I can imagine she said living a society where there are different priorities and caring for your fellow citizens for decades even while nurturing close ties with the US Canadians often have chosen a different path establishing universal health care.
Manitaining ties with Cuba imposing tough gun control laws to current Canadian initiatives to decriminalize marijuana legalize same sex marriage and please many US liberals and earth conservatives.
And it goes on a great length thank you so much for the article okay there's lots of people coming on up come on up okay except for all you saw our puts is don't come here because they'll kick your ass out.
People here are friendly they're pleasant they're happy there's much stress free.
But that's just the way it is.
Oh you can't see those things we don't care well I'm not turn it off go listen to rush okay.
Left or not then I go pop some pills with the rush.
Quick give me a song dance about what I'm supposed to talk about and the fact that you don't like it.
See there's something right there it speaks for itself it speaks for itself exporting misery.
You ought to be pleased that I'm like 1200 miles away so you can export all your hysteria to hatred all the way up here.
Probably like sailing all the way to a Caluant and Lucia by the time it gets done right next to medicine that we're not too far.
Right near campus casing.
Who is campus casing here's a call from plantation which is right next to her hello how can we forget Bob Barker.
He what is he 110 now yeah you're right he's a hundred years old he still looks another day over 70 you're right.
And you can talk and function like normal human being you have a great day okay to know he belongs on their bob Barker show now I mean he did the
hear thing but he did that only because of the art I remember they showed a piece about that on e or one of those.
Where he he tried that he asked the audience whether they like the you know the white here the older looking Bob Barker or the it died Ronald Reagan the key we shoot
published Bob Barker and I said oh Bobby just turn 110 we don't mind if you have white hair we still like it except for Diane Parkinson
with her disease or whatever and was that her name right the one that soon said he was pawn all over her and all out of the
crappy stuff said spin this bitch Bob Barker nobody don't like Bob Barker especially the animals love him I wonder what he was
thinking about that tiger he's probably thinking the same thing about as you're thinking that he's exploiting those poor
animals for what is it one for them the tires so I'll have tiger sure that's one of their few victories of the year I'll
tell you that here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello they nearly threw George Hamilton on there.
This can still die George Hamilton you don't look a day over you're right he looks to say he's been around a
hundred but he still looks 50 you're right okay he's on her man you think I could give my money tickets sure hold on I forgot
to ask him how many wanted.
Just give him what just give him four okay four give him what four okay I don't know if we want to give away any more
Marlon tickets really come on how about it doesn't absolutely why I'm sure
I missed here in his voice the last two morning not a little gildy sounded I don't know
Gildy sounded like his balls were in a ringer this more more so than usual I mean that's not a bulletin
but he sounded like I don't know that a ringer no certainly his voice was really thin not just
squeaky which it always is but very thin like like maybe he was inhaling helium he was sucking helium five six seven
oh five sixty oh this story speaking of fags storming the big easy game already
brought targeted by Christian painted on a mission from God.
No God during the annual Marty graph festival the atmosphere in New Orleans is clearly anything goes
but another wildly popular New Orleans celebration the annual Southern Decadence Festival or
Game Marty graph is making some people wonder whether the city's anything goes attitude you just
playing go away or a way the Reverend Grant storms what a shock the Reverend Grant storms who
calls himself a fundamentalist Christian patriot on a mission from God is that the forefront of this
effort maybe he's on the same mission that gave that talent on loan to God from a God to rush you
in fact if our Russia so desperate for them pills why didn't God deliver a package.
Storm says he became interested in Southern Decadence in 2001 when a fellow preacher described
blue sexual acts he'd seen at the festival some where she probably was doing himself the
following year storms went to the festival with a video camera and taped men exposing themselves
having oral sex in public a ride and bar room showing homosexual pornography available
available from the streets with the doors open.
Storms took his tape from police the median lawmakers including state representative Danny
Martini a Republican who reacted by helping pass a bill at toughens the penalty for public sex
when you have an anything goes mentality and draw people into your city we have the same mentality
Martini said remember Mr. Martini and Kuhu's next sure do the only time we have to step in is when
they go over the line I think this is clearly over the line many in the gay community say what
storms captured on camo is an isolated incident and not the norm it's a party we get drunk we
hit the bars hit the restaurants where costumes have a good time throw beads that's what it's a
boots at rest of the laroo this year Southern Decadence grand marshal but storms boy by the
success of his video campaign says he's preparing to wage what he calls an even holier crusade
holier as in holy moly what an assholely right or as Aaron and Harry would say
storm is told ABC news he wants to end Southern Decadence totally utterly and totally he said
we want them out of town in a city where almost 40% of the population is a Roman Catholic the arts
diocese of New Orleans agreed with storms and as officials the bands of the decadence but the head
of the mayor's task force on game lesbian issues says the city can't afford to ban it they can't do it
many of the hotels restaurants bars in the quarter make up from losses through the summer weekend just
for the through the summer just during the weekend of decadence at Randall Beach
storms condemn the city officials their prostitutes their legalized prostitute as he said but the
protest only fired up the opposition the gay community in New Orleans numbers more than 100,000
and clearly influences the city's economy and politics i don't think they've got a right to have
openly section of the street i don't plan on it said participant him hold but i do have a right
to be who i am in the street he's stopping on my individual freedoms god damn it the Bruce
Eddie thought storms is very homophobic storm cities not anti gay per se um anti decadence anti
depravity um anti sin he said and i'm anti kneel however he thought he asked if he thought homosexual
ities as in storm said yes or undoubtedly the bible's very queer a clear is what he said when
stormers followers and the revelers of southern decadence ultimately met these streets echoed out
with chance of Jesus and opposing chance of haters haters haters Jesus Jesus there you go
i think there's only one conclusion we make about that no jay yeah what a revelation if you
part in that expression to find out that the jay he'll be talking about the old Jesus himself
and speaking of people who don't look all that bad well you know he the Jesus depicted by the
goi him he never looked that good in the first place you know even when he's like a little baby
who's badly in need of a haircut oh this is honored this is not a tumor it's the one to two hour
propaganda propaganda propaganda propaganda troisime
propaganda propaganda propaganda propaganda propaganda propaganda propaganda propaganda
Kabul in this year's not my day of tonight Arnold Schwarzenegger will be joining us by satellite
figures on although good you will put your recovery plan for a television comedy into perspective
What?
I said if the people they cannot pay, let them die.
You know, I've been curious about this, so I must ask you.
How is your lovely wife Maria, achieved that wire hanger looking her cheeks?
We were all got in car, all drunk as drop and wet.
But I said I hold her down and force wire hanger in her mouth.
She has just a warming.
What a Kennedy.
It seems someone just threw an egg at you.
I much prefer tomatoes.
You might mention my name to Rice Masher Gary.
102 at 560.
They just show his push on here again.
You know, the happiness California thing because the post owes at 8 o'clock out there 11 o'clock every time.
And I'm looking at him.
Okay.
And I'm thinking to myself, besides the goose stepping and the fascism and all that,
what he shares in common with El Presidente is the fact that they both look like morons.
Not only do they qualify, certifiable, but they both look dumb.
I mean, really, really, the dumb, right?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
What do you say?
Absolutely.
Oh.
Here's a call from Fort Myers.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Great to know.
Listen, I got two things to say.
One is Bonnie Rate.
He has one.
And the other one has one incredible sound.
And the other one is...
And when can we recall Jim?
Okay.
And have a great day.
Boop, boop.
Like putting Bonnie Rate on there who is ugly with the nose.
No.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
He can't help but he was in like four Myers London places.
And one of these days they'll let him out and then he'll let him tell the truth.
He'll tell the real story.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I got one for your list.
About Jean Fonda.
Somebody just facts that.
Somebody, you must be psychic.
Somebody just facts it in.
It's an excellent choice.
She has age like fine wine.
Even a lot of people hate her like poison but that's their prerogative.
But she still looks pretty good for her about 80.
Yeah, she sure does.
She'll get my vote.
That's for sure.
Okay, you got it, man.
One other question.
I haven't been following this election too much in California as they say.
Is this...
Now, if Arnold wins today, does that mean he wins the governorship or he has the right to go against Gray Davis?
Or are they actually voting that there's something on the ballot that says we want a recall?
I'm not sure.
Brother, it's a two-part thing.
The first part says should we recall the governor?
If they vote no, if no exceeds yes, in other words if no gets like 50% plus one.
Right.
And they turn down the recall then it doesn't make any difference to one the other part.
But if they vote yes to be called a governor by one voter more, then whoever has the most votes
or the 135 candidates who whatever it is on there, which almost certainly will be Arnold will be the next governor.
Okay, so what Gray Davis is on there for the second part?
No.
Oh, he's not.
No.
Well, why would he be honored in the second part when he's already still there?
Well, the governor in other words is the first part.
Oh, yeah, I'll see what I'm saying.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
No, the first part says that should we recall them and if they be called him, he's no longer the governor.
So you're not going to put him on there.
They discussed that in the beginning.
They were talking about that.
No.
No, they said that they couldn't handle more than 135.
No.
Let's see, here's a chronic factor.
What about Hanoi, Jane Fotto?
This is what you were just saying.
That hot old winch.
I'd still give it a old manly the meat pipe.
Wow.
That Kami Pinko bitch.
Sure.
Who cares about the pollivator when you're having a hot soup, huh?
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I mean, if it's good enough for James Carvell and Murray Magdalene or whatever he'll her name
is, what is your name?
Murray Magdalene.
Like I said, Murray Magdalene.
Over the years, which celebrity do you think is AIDS the best and Raquel Wells, 36, Sophia
Loren, 33, she's impeccable?
Barbara Eden, 29.
Dick Clark, 18, speaking of Catherine Zeta Jones, I thought we were taking her off of
there because she just how old is she?
About 30, man.
That's crazy.
Get her off.
Well, okay.
John Stamos, 10.
Brad Pitt, 10.
Friend Resher, the Nanny's tied with Johnny Depp and Sean Cuddy.
Have we seen the 3M together?
No.
They each have nine.
Sean Cuddy is tied with Johnny, but she's not too happy about that friend Resher, bitch.
Morgan, fear child, 7.
Madonna, 4.
Dolly Parton, 4.
Susan Kuchy-Kuchy, she's a luchi, she's got 4.
Jane Seymour, 4.
Harrison Ford, 4.
Tina's turners got 3 and then after that it's, you know, small potatoes.
By the way, Carol Alt don't have any.
I still don't know who that is.
Hey, do you know who Ron Greshner was?
Ron Greshner?
Yeah.
No.
Hockey player for the Rangers?
Never heard of him.
He was married to Carol Alt.
I never heard of Ron Greshner.
Are you sure that's the right name because you generally butcher these names sometimes?
No, no, no, no.
I know my Ranger's hot.
Ron Greshner?
That's correct.
You don't know Greshner?
No, no, no.
Greshner.
Greshner from Eddie Jackam and man, you would know Brad Park from out of the park.
Brad Park was in that 78 cup series.
Cubs series?
Cubs.
Cubs.
Stanley Cubs.
Cubs and arrangers?
That too.
Stanley Cubs.
Here's a call from Miami.
When is this?
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got Jack Coleman.
He still looks 13.
You got what?
Gary, what are you saying?
He still looks 13.
Gary Coleman aged very well.
How many votes he's going to get?
13.
Okay, thank you so much.
That was pretty clever, wasn't it?
No.
5.6705.
60 plus it sounded like he was on Uranus, like another planet.
Not mine.
Well that's because you're so far away, Neil.
You know, none of us were pretty resentful of all that Canadian craft.
We'll speak up.
The Canadian craft even smells better than some of your American craft.
I'll say that right now.
Like backbacon.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, a almost hockey season man, official, the season starts on Wednesday,
which is tomorrow last time I checked.
Now the panthers don't play until when.
Thursday.
Oh, we got the game against the Carolina Huracunis, but is that a home game or road game?
Home game, home game.
It's a home game.
Please.
Please what?
Please tickets?
No, you could have the tickets, but I don't know how you're going to get them.
George would have to facilitate that for you.
Uh-oh.
I'll pin it.
Will you?
I'll draw them in that.
I'll leave that in your hands, okay?
I'm not going to get, I'm not going to be the pimped myself and get involved in go between.
Because I have a feeling I know somebody who's not going to have any interest in going to see the panthers in a Carolina Huracunis.
I couldn't be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
Maybe we ought to check in with a racing channel and see if we have any races from Colorado today.
I thought, post time for the first fast and firmly conditions at the big hand number.
Oh, the metal lands.
Let's go to the metal land.
Yes.
You ought to be familiar with that.
That's in Jersey.
And either whip.
Right there in your backyard.
You start with a thing, whipster stuff again, man.
You're going to get whipped, though, right?
Right out the door.
Oh, I know it's Jackie Mo.
Here's a call from Jackie Lee.
There's to be glad you don't know him.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah, I got a, has a lock here?
You got a hander lock, Lear?
I mean, she's a give her up.
Yeah, give her up, man.
No, I got a, uh, Joseph for it.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Oh, he wanted some Marlon tickets.
Damn it.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pounds five, five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Can it only be one oh nine?
I'm, I'm, I see.
I mean, I realized 50% of the time.
And still care about the California thing.
And you want to know why?
Because they don't understand the significance of it.
No, they don't.
And, and we did the, who's the dumbest of them all yesterday?
Only 22 votes out of like well over a thousand like what we have like almost 1200.
Only 22 votes for Arnold.
They don't get it.
And you want to know why?
Because they've been terminated.
Because they've been brainwashed by the fact that he's this big gigantic ridiculous movie star.
And they don't realize that he's dumb or they got them, uh, saw us, then ragweed.
Man, shocking.
I mean, it wasn't bad.
See, this goes to show you, that was a, oh, never again, no matter what it is.
The Holocaust, the fixed elections.
Well, never again.
We're not going to sit back and put up with it.
And you're full of crap.
They can keep raping you man and you lie there like you're enjoying it like it feels good, right?
Absolutely.
You bet.
Gangrae, but I know it's not getting erafted.
That's the guy.
And so they stole the election in Florida right there in broad daylight.
Let us in.
Let us in.
You know, in a Supreme Court, of course, these Supremes, one Diana Ross voted, really kind of put me off.
And they stole that and the whole presidency.
And now they're going to do the same thing as a virtue of the electorate because they couldn't win a big, great Aversean last time when Bill Simon.
And so now they took simple Simon Bill Simon couldn't do it.
So they got simple Simon, AKA Arnold, one of the dumbest people on the face of the earth, one of the most dangerous people because he doesn't even make a pretense of having any ideas.
He's just like Edgar Bergen would probably put his hand over his shoulder and say, hey, would you like to be my puppet?
That's all he is.
And a public distance back.
Oh, that's way out there in California.
We don't care about that.
We want to we care about the Marlins.
Do you care about the Marlins?
No, you couldn't give a flying rat's ass about the Marlins, okay?
If they were to like on 71 and 91 and finish 20 games under 500, they wouldn't have had 15 people there last a month.
All the games combined.
So you can give me a big son of an answer about how I don't have my thumb on it.
I got my thumb on it right now, as a matter of fact, I can feel it.
No, the pulse of South Florida I'm talking about.
Not the pants on.
I have my underwear on.
No, I first I have to find that.
We don't have enough time left.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
What is this?
Speak to me.
Oh, yes, sir.
I can 2002 the Tampa Bay Buccaneers played the open raiders in Super Bowl.
Good.
I'm real happy for them.
Okay.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers that blew the biggest lead, one of the biggest leads in history.
And we got beat by the girls team, Indianapolis last night.
I woke up this morning.
I looked at the scores.
I think what I went to bed this score was 21-0 in Tampa Bay, is that right Scott?
That is correct.
And they blew the game and they lost, Indianapolis was like a little girls team.
Man.
He gave up three touchdowns in seven minutes span.
Oh, brother.
So I think all of us can put our hands together, kiss the radio and say the same thing.
Right.
Screw them.
I realize we have a few people listen up there.
We do like Bernstake House in Donatello's.
We like that.
And we got a lot of people like the 2D bars up there, the Amon's Weenus and all of that stuff.
But generally speaking, I'm a damn good.
A bunch of Yahoo's, man, a nose pick in place.
One of the worst.
Tampa and its environs, you know, Loots and Temple Terrace and all those other nose pickers.
How come they got crystal and they got steak and shaking all the good stuff?
And we got squat.
They got sonic.
They even got sonic.
And South Florida's got squat.
That's because those are foods that you have to chew.
You have to have teeth.
For it to be popular in South Florida, you have to be able to gum it because South Florida's
geared everybody 90 plus like my mother.
By the way, if anybody out there would like to sit with my mother, maybe my mother would like to sit.
No, there's another piece on Roy.
There's extremely severe and is all but miraculous that he's alive at this time.
Roy.
Yeah, especially after using that big black strap on.
I'm going to take that tiger to visit him in his room.
One-thirteen, maybe we can take old Norman Storm and Norman Cash to see him.
Okay, maybe you'd like to see another living tiger.
It's that time of the year again.
I don't think Norman Cash is alive.
Do they die?
No, that was Johnny Cash.
No Johnny Cash, but I think also Storm and Norman may have died.
What about Rocky, Colorado and George Kellen, all of those glam?
Dottomatris wants to ask you this question.
If one of these furniture and vetting stores doubles the price and then cuts it in half, is that any kind of a sale?
No!
Anybody knows that.
It's a joke because nobody comes close to matching Dottomatris' every day low prices.
It's 365 days a year.
No Fony sales, no BS, just every day discount prices on the top brands in the world.
All the mattresses you know and love them want to put your ass on.
Seely, sir, to tempered, extreme and skin-coral, stern and fast to huet.
All you do is make one easy call, 1-800-MACRUSD.
No games when you do business with these folks just sit there on your ass and make that one call.
No nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brands, no Fony promises and best of all, they give you the best service going in the world.
When you call dial a mattress at 1-800-MACRUSD, you select the pay and time for delivery.
Any to our window, any day of the week, 7 days from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m. and guess what?
They'll actually show up when they tell you they will.
They'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night.
I've been putting my fat ass on a Dottomatris for years and I'm still alive and doing pretty damn good.
You ought to be doing the same.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal, it's easy to see why Dottomatris' ranked the best in the world by customer satisfaction.
So please, don't get sucked in by those mattresses, your homes or furnitures, to ran.
They're not in the same bar park, not in the same league with Dottomatris.
Call them today just that one easy clone call and they'll be there knocking on your door no time at all.
You'll be a happy camper.
Say goodbye to your lumpy, worn out old mattress and do yourself in your back a big favor.
Call 1-800-MACRUS-1-800-MATTRES or online. It's mattress.com.
I'm a moron. This is sports when you're fighting.
You are.
I am not a mattress.
All right.
Here comes the politician. No hair on the real big guts. After the terminator.
Oh, fuck.
Here.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
I'm a mattress.
One-eighthous five-sixty.
Golihan and I say, amen, yes. Sure.
She looks the same.
Right. Just pretty damn good.
Now, who's she married to?
I don't tell me Kurt Russell, yes.
Okay.
Hey, I got one right.
How many years since I got one right?
He's another one.
No, you speak of it.
What?
He's another one.
Kurt Russell?
Yeah.
Yeah, he still looks like crap.
Yeah, put him on here if you want.
How about Jane Russell?
She's still got the big bra.
She's still got the big teeth.
I'm sure she's dead though. She died.
Or something.
You think they put one of them big bras on when she died in the box?
Maybe they just slip into the side of the box.
Just out of respect.
Jane Russell.
Right.
She was the teeth meow.
How are you?
He had her none of these 60.
It says he's still ugly, according to Big Arnie.
But if you think about it, yeah, you're right.
Mick Jagger.
Because he looks the same.
He never looked any different.
Just to add a new wrinkle to his appearance.
But he's pretty much the same.
Gross.
Mick Jagger, give it on there.
Let's see, Rick and Plantation.
Thanks for the article.
But there ain't no way I got time to read that right now.
I'll, I'll, I'll peruse it.
The Pentagon could inadvertently be providing terrorists with special equipment
that would enable them to make biological weapons.
Oh, my God.
According to a draft report from the GAO obtained by ABC News that the GA...
According to the report, which is due to be released today, will already was.
And discussed in a hearing of the House Government Reform Subcommittee on National Security,
Congress ordered the GA...
Oh!
It's investigative arm to set up a phony company to see how easy it would be to buy surplus lab equipment from the Pentagon.
Using fake names, GA investigators went to a website that sells Pentagon surplus
and ordered items needed to produce bacterial logical weapons, including evaporators,
centrifuges, bacterial logical incubators, and protective clothing.
And as report, the GA...
Oh!
...found that the Department of Defense is not attempted to determine who is buying excess biological equipment,
or how these items were being used even.
This is a real danger, and it's something we've got to close, a loophole that we've got to close right now,
said Daryl Kimball Executive Director of the Arms Control Association,
a non-profit organization that advocates effective arm control policies.
According to the study, there's no guarantee that some of the surplus material has not already fallen into the hands
of people who want to use it for a criminal or terrorist end.
The GA...
Oh!
...also found that some buyers who had recently purchased used equipment from the Pentagon,
then we sold it to countries where terrorists have operated such as Malaysia,
the Philippines, and Egypt.
The Department of Defense hasn't been paying attention to this back door.
Oh, sorry.
That comes.
Sorry, Norma.
Were they domestic market that can allow it now to be a sold abroad, Kimball said.
Do you ever have one of his pianos?
No.
And the Pentagon's been selling the equipment at bargain prices.
Some equipment that the Pentagon paid $46,000 for, was sold to investors for $4,100 bucks.
That could be a real bargain for potential terrorists, it said.
The cheap, virtually unregulated availability of low-cost biological laboratory equipment
poses a risk to national security government before some committee chairman Restapert
representative Chris Shays of Connecticut said Monday night,
the Department of Defense should not be discount-shopping outlet for would-be terrorists.
How do you like that?
A dollar or a dollar?
Here you go.
Want some anthrax?
No problem.
Want some smallpox?
Here you go.
Apox on them is what I say.
Another disturbing aspect of the report was that the GA was able to buy surplus items
that according to Pentagon policy are not supposed to be sale for the public such as protective suits.
Some of the suits that the GA was able to buy were of a type that had been determined to be defective,
and according to the report some of these defective protective suits have been issued
to local and state law enforcement agencies.
That sounds reassuring.
Jesus, Kate Christman.
Wow.
That's enough to piss off the Pope if he was alert enough to understand what they were talking about,
which I don't think he is.
Pope's down the way out, by the way, it's good news.
I mean, I'll see.
See your dancing on poor, what's his name's Grave?
Roy.
I'll dance on the Pope's grave, too, believe me.
We could do it, do what?
Because I can't imagine that they could get anybody more right-wing, more far-bisoned, more in-stone age
in the end of the thought than this freaking old pollock.
My God.
You never know.
It might surprise you.
No, you're right.
You're right.
Probably going to bring another guy with like a little mustache.
Just remember, he's the one that appointed most of these cardinals.
Yeah.
Stand usual?
Host off the air for two weeks, station suspends two for mechko remarks.
See, I would tell you about like one of today's cardinals, but I know who's the guy to want to nationally batting title by a millionth of a point?
That hit all those homeruncees.
He didn't know anything.
Scott.
Huh?
Nationally batting champion is your St. Louis Cardinals that the Julio was named.
Others' bullholes.
Bullholes.
Oh no, what do you couldn't say?
I don't blame you.
P-U-J-O-L-S.
What kind of a name is that?
Spick.
Paced with seren criticism from parents and political officials, W-E-E-I and Boston, they remember we talked about this a couple days ago?
Suspended prominent radio host John Dennis and Jerry Callahan for two weeks for comparing an escaped guerrilla to a mechko student waiting for a bus.
The suspension for announced on the same day that one of the station's advertisers, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, announced it would pull 27 grand in advertising from the station and donate the money to mechko, the voluntary desegregation program.
That places Boston children in suburban schools.
The two weeks suspension significantly increased the previous punishments of the host.
Dennis had been given a two-day suspension and Callahan, who originally was not thought to be involved in remarks faced no punishment at all, but not no mo.
The radio station call the remarks insensitive and inappropriate and send the statement yesterday that hopes mechko students and parents will begin to heal.
I thought you only said that like the dog.
They will be in trouble.
No, I didn't say guerrillas, I said dogs.
The two unpaid suspensions take effect immediately if not sooner it says.
Both Dennis and Callahan have offered their sincerest regrets for their remarks have volunteered to work with mechko officials and students to create a constructive positive bond between the station and mechko school students and parents W-E-E-I officials wrote.
As the criticism mounted over the weekend, Blue Cross Blue Shield decided to stop supporting the station with advertising said Peter Meade, the health provider's executive vice president,
you ought to be thinking about that before you start getting Gary Sarner-Pistar for again Mr. Hodshot, Mr. I want my damn money transaction right now.
What is it for?
Nothing.
Has he started up against Scott?
No.
By the way, who's got the hockey tickets? Him or me?
No one yet.
Has he started up against Scott?
Yes.
Now Scott's got some hockey tickets. See how easy it is?
Yes.
Yeah.
Because I noticed when he came in there the first time he had like that little sign has been worked for any kind of freebies, especially hockey tickets.
And for the hockey fan he's a big ranger guy. You know when it was all a rangers you know as many as Maholtra?
What came to they get rid of him too by the way? They screwed him up.
They bought him up too long, but Blackburn's a real deal.
No they brought him up too soon too. He was like five years old in mid-Mail.
Are you the goalie now okay?
Richter retired.
Just have a scrap in there and let him shoot all the pucks at your head.
Richter retired.
Yeah I know that.
What does that have to do with that? He does look pretty good though. I'll tell you that.
Or no I'm not thinking who's that the Rick the other goalie that the Bruins have Rick the Pietro?
Who's he playing for now?
That would be the Islanders.
I was speaking to the Islanders.
I was speaking to the Islanders. Alexa Yashin goes out with Carol Alt now.
Be very suspicious of hockey players and the women they date like Anna's Cornelholya okay?
What are you trying to say?
Who supposedly was doing Sergei Fedorov's nose and then she was supposedly doing Pavel's Buray.
And who else was he? I mean everybody in Rike.
Where are they all living together?
And Rike. Oh yeah and Rike.
She was doing Rike with Nike.
Anybody believe that crap? Anna Cornelholya?
Like good. My dyke and my gator goes off every time I see her picture man and all you guys.
That's good because the other matter thing is in now man.
Even better.
Even better.
Even better.
Even better.
Even better.
Anyway the 2003 near Rogers Blowout Sale continues in Haloponti XGMC.
Going there and talk to Tom, he'll think it wouldn't agree a back-to-discud is.
Here's Neil D.O. Number 1.
Witten free at Halop right now.
You can save yourself up to 7 grand with the highest rebates of the year.
Plus get deep, deep down into your pantaloonies discounts and I'll remain in 2003 models including the Yukon and the Onvoy XL.
Neil D.O. Number 2. Get yourselves 0% financing for up to 5 long, amazing years.
And listen this.
And Halop, right this second you can lease a fully loaded 2004 grand pre GT for just $259 a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25 hundred bucks out of pocket.
It's almost like getting it for nothing.
And of course Halop's also got a great selection of certified dependable pre-owned cars, traction SUVs.
And as I tell you every single day of my life Monday through Friday, if you've been turned down for credit before and you're a little bit nervous, a little shaky about going on a car dealership because you're afraid they're going to like shake you down and check your credit out.
Inside and out even if you know Scott Jr. Credit is almost never a problem when you car shop or a truck shop or just shop shop at Halop Pontiac.
It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halop Pontiac GMC at 13411 South Texas, you highway where they're legendary on US 1 right across from the falls open every day, 7 days a week.
If you want more info on his spectacular unbeatable amazing Neil Deals, just call the Neil Deal hotline at 1.88534-4211.
That's 1.88534-4211. Don't forget all these Neil Deals, subject to credit, approval, CR, good close personal friends at Halop for details.
Halop Pontiac GMC even Scott Jr. agrees they are professional grades.
The line and local, we're sports video 560s, you a.m.
Mom baby, come play with these titties.
Okay!
Pass, pass, put a row here Neil. I can't stop thinking about disgusting things.
What's going on?
I don't know what to think about these things, but I'm sure I could stop here.
Also think about human waste.
It's disgusting, I can't get through a meal, if I must be day and night, I don't know what I'm going to do.
They always come to mind when I am in soup.
I'll fit up to be crazy. I've always been crazy, I know that.
Here at P and he stopped train spotting.
Here's one at Chronic Fan, we've got a whole bunch of stuff.
I've included that article and thanks to Rick and Plantation I'm going to read that.
That's one of the best articles in history. Did you read it?
I cruised it.
From the American soldier.
Oh man, from Tim Predmore.
Anyway, I'll get to that in a second.
Now listen, I haven't read this yet.
Your position on the national do not call as surprises me.
I've been associated with businesses in the past.
I've seen the types of people who are employed in the telemarketing business.
They're usually the lowest of the low.
A typical profile might be a 400 pound man whose only talent is he can still speak and push buttons.
Many are old, handicapped and unemployable.
Others are college students, stay at home moms.
People with bad hygiene, basically poor people just trying to get through life.
I don't know how many people are employed this way, but I imagine must be in the tens of thousands, probably more.
There's a solution to the interruption it's called.
An answering machine until we remove the beggars from the streets.
Can we please leave the group of poor sloppers alone?
Chronic Fan, the answer is no.
Leave me alone.
Give me some peace and quiet.
It's like the solicitors are coming up on your door.
Did your hovers witnesses?
The Mormons, everybody else?
Your home is your castle.
They being your phone is part of it at the night.
Schwartz, or IFAO Schwartz.
Oh, here Jane Russell is still alive.
They hit her with five shots and she's still alive, just like Don Corleone.
Ready for that?
She was born June 21st, 1921 in Bemidji, Minnesota.
So that makes her 82.
Right?
Okay.
82.
Well, that's not so old.
Howard Hughes had her.
First and foremost, howard.
Howard Hughes had her.
Did he?
I guess that was before he got that German fetish.
He also had syphilis, I told you that.
How about Jack Lensmith from Charlie's Angels?
That's J.A.C.L.Y.
And absolutely.
I eat, right?
Sure.
I want to give you a tip.
Including both of those.
How about Suzanne Summers, that bitch, from Threes Company with her phone,
he ripped off from Dr. Rackensdine?
Sure, put her on her.
She looks pretty good.
A lot of makeup, a lot of work has been done on that bitch.
PS, Javier from Kindle.
Boy Javier, the only other Javier that I knew, I knew some ball players named Javier, was
a kid from Godfather's Pizza a long, long time ago, many years ago.
That's dirty, man.
Almost.
Donner and Kindle on sunset.
Boy, oh boy, was he something else, man.
Who was good too?
Howard a much rather head him for lunch.
PS, if the Marlins win a million more games, I still won't go to the stadium.
Says Javier from Kindle.
At least who's honest, okay, nice going Javier.
Don't be one of them ponies.
Anyway, listen to this carefully.
Good.
Thanks again, Ricken Plantation.
This is Tim Predmore wrote this article.
He's an onactive duty with the 101st Airborne Division Air Mosul, Iraq.
A version of this essay appeared in the Peory Illinois Star Journal.
He says, for the last six months, I've participated in what I believe to be the greatest modern lie, Operation Iraqi Freedom.
After the horrific events of 9-11-2000, and running with throughout the battle in Afghanistan,
the groundwork was being laid for the invasion of Iraq.
Shion All was the term used to describe the display of power to the world.
The world was to view on the start of the Operation Iraqi Freedom.
It was to be a dramatic show of strength and advanced technology from within the arsenals of the American and British militaries.
As a soldier preparing to take part in the invasion of Iraq, the word shock and awe rang deep within my psyche.
Even as we prepared to depart, it seemed that these two great superpowers were about to break the very rules they demanded that others obey.
Without the consent of the United Nations, ignoring the pleas of their own citizens, the United States and Britain invaded Iraq.
Shock and awe?
Yes, the words correctly describe the emotional impact I felt as we embarked on an act not just of justice but of hypocrisy.
From the moment the first shot was fired in a so-called war of liberation and freedom, hypocrisy reigned.
After the broadcasting of recorded images of captured and dead US soldiers over Arab TV,
American and British leaders Vav Revenge, while verbally assaulting the networks for displaying such vivid images.
Yet within hours of the deaths of Sodom who saved two sons, the US released horrific photographs of the two dead brothers for the world of you, again a do as we say and not as we do scenario.
We've been told that our purpose here at Soldiers serving in Iraq is to help the people by providing them the necessary assistance militarily as well as in humanitarian efforts.
Then tell me where the humanity was and the recent stars and stripes account of two children taking a US military camp by their mother in search of medical care.
The children had been unknowingly playing with the explosive ordinance they found as a result was severely burned.
The account tells how they after an hour long wait were denied care by two US military doctors.
Assorted to describe the incident as one of many atrocities he had witnessed on the part of the US military.
Thankfully I haven't been a personal witness to any of the atrocities unless of course you consider as I do this war to be the ultimate atrocity.
So then what is our purpose here was this invasion because of weapons of mass destruction as we've often heard if so where are they?
Did we invade the dispose of a leader in his regime because they were closely associated with Osama bin Laden? If so where's the proof?
Or is that our or is it that our incursion is a result of our own economic advantage?
Iraq's world can be refined at the lowest cost of any in the world coincidence?
To me at least this looks like a modern day crusade not to free and oppress people or rid the world of a demonic dictator, relentless and pursuit of conquest and domination, but a crusade to control and other nation's natural resource.
There is only one truth and it's that Americans are dying.
There are 10 to 14 attacks on our servicemen and women daily in Iraq and would appear that there is no end in sight.
I once believed that I served for a cause to uphold and defend the constitution of the United States. Now I no longer believe that.
I've lost my conviction as well as my determination. I can no longer justify my service for what I believe to be half truths and bold lies.
With age comes wisdom and at 36 years old I'm no longer so blindly led as to believe without question.
For my arrival at Fort Campbell, Kentucky last November, talk of deployment was heard and as the talk turned to actual preparation, my heart sank and my doubts grew.
My doubts have never faded instead my resolve and commitment had.
My time is almost done as well as that of many others with whom I serve. We've all faced death in Iraq without reason or justification.
How many more must die? How many more tears must be shed before Americans awaken, demanded return of the men and women whose job it is to protect them rather than their leaders' interest?
What a great article written by Tim Pridmore. I'm written the first Airborne Division.
But see America can't be worried about that because today we're busy installing Arnold, one of the dumbest people in the history of show business as governor of California.
A man who doesn't have limited qualifications, a man who has no qualifications to be the governor of anything.
He's not qualified to be the mayor of Canandagua, New York. He's not qualified to be the dog catcher of Kasimi, Florida, of anything.
Arnold is going to be the governor of California because generally speaking, Americans are morons, morons.
Absolutely.
Who haven't got a freaking clue of anything in the world, haven't got any idea where any of these places are in the map.
And like he says, American kids are dying each and every day including three more last night.
Anybody talking about it? No. No, because they just become immune to it.
Just like the 50,000 kids they brought back after lies and put us into Vietnam. 50,000 kids in body bags.
Oops. Oops. My bad. Yeah. No, no. LBJ never even said his bad.
Piece of crap. But the good news about LBJ is he's dead. Let's hear it. He's rotting.
The worms are having a good time with whatever's left and ain't much.
1902 at 560 WQM attention. Horse racing fans. Pompoidopark kicks off its 40th anniversary season this Friday, October 10th.
All right. The track will feature top class nighttime horse racing and high stakes poker. New post time, 705 PM for the first race.
And the poker will be open from noon till midnight every live racing day of Pompoidopark is also open seven days a night and end nights a week featuring the best in harness, thoroughbred and highlight action from all across North America.
Feed a watch and punch your guts on and don't forget. General parking and admission are always free at Pompoidopark.
That's the most favorite word in South Florida. Free. New this season is a 20% increase in purses.
A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play rewards program that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers.
This opening night Friday October 10th, the first 500 fans age 18 in order. We're going to free $2 pick 4 wagers, special $1 night for beer soda, hot dogs and lots more plus its family fun night Friday with free mini horse rides and face painting, a lack radio broadcast and free drawings to get into a money machine with a thousand bucks inside or to win seascaped dinners and cruise tickets.
You can also root for the Marlins and watch the games Friday and Saturday and any of over a thousand TV sets all over the track at Pompoidopark.
Don't forget opening night this Friday October 10th plunge your guts out. Pompoidopark, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for more information for the new racing schedule or the
radio 560. If you can not find the song of Pompoidopark, if the markets are a drama of Pompoidopark, give the terrorists the risky Pakistan is looking simply North Korea is too risky Pompoidopark.
If we have no allies with the Pompoidopark, if we think that someone's business from Iraq, soda and aloe with the inspections let's look up for the elections close your mind and take directions from Iraq.
Fall in line and Pompoidopark.
The smoke with the unlucky.
It's a green with all the trees and let's make corn out of the season even if we have no reason to bomb Iraq.
147.13.2. The Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock. He's got tons and tons of Marlins tickets to the other way today. Hank from Shulas at 4 and then we got all in Marlins and Cub activity the NCLS and we'll see how that goes.
7 o'clock is the first pre pre game, the four play 745 Marlins on deck at 820 to first pitch and indicate who analyze after the game and second guess who ever blew it. He'll do it.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. I'll let you morning. Tegas. Please. You know how many you want to. Okay, hang on. Here's the four-later day. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir.
One for the list. I don't know if you're old enough, but I'm 65. She was a model. She was a model or something her name was Cheryl Teg.
Cheryl Teg, sure. You should see her today. Cripple hot. I'll be damned. Cripple hot. CIEGS, right? Tegas. She was a hot poster girl. She was in the 60s and the 70s. She came in with Larry King and Paul Orney to the bonfire in the 60s.
Oh my god. Wow. Can you believe this? No. And then Larry King was not 50. Long me 10 dollars. I'll give you a check.
Long me 10 dollars. Right? I'll give you a check. Well, that's inflation. You know how that works. That's your business.
Meanwhile, I had to take it inside to get it okay. And I lost the ounce. I'll be damned. 10 dollars. Yes. I was fucking cars here at the bonfire.
I'm pretty consistent anyway. But she was got a double hot now. We got it down. Triple hot. Okay. Thanks a lot, Valley. Take a buy. Cheryl Teg's got a tie EGS. You know, triple hot. Sure. She's a quintuplet hot.
Here's a call from Davey. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How are you? How about Heather Locklear? Oh, good one. How old is she? About 30. 90. No, she's not 30. Get out of here. She's a little girl.
She still looks pretty good. You're right. She's about as the same age as Catherine Zeta Jones. So she is not get out of here. You're crazy. All right.
And the morning tickets there. Neil sure hang on. I'll see Heather Locklear. One moment, please. See the problem on the Internet.
When you look there, when you do a search, yeah, is that 90% of it, what you get 95% of it.
It's crap. It's crap. No, no, it's not crap, but they're trying to pet you products. You're trying to send you their movies or send your books about, you know, sure.
Here's one that just is Heather Locklear. That's what I want in that coverage. No, this is not what I want. This is about uptown girls. I don't want that. Get out of here.
Piece of crap. Okay, maybe I click the wrong one. Oh, no, I see I see a above it. Where was one of just as Heather Locklear?
I don't know. The site. Oh, here it is. The unofficial Heather Locklear website. I shouldn't ask you to send me some info. You think I want to moan info.
Sorry, but the page you're finding out there plus I'm getting a million pop-up ads from this crap now. Jesus. I think I hit the mother load.
Let's see Heather Locklear. She's older than you. What are you talking about? Tell her, you know, here's one that they're probably your videos. Here's another one of just as Heather Locklear.
Okay. Oh, there she is. Well, that's an old picture for crying out loud. Born. Okay. Now, how do you say she is? I don't know.
Boy, you're bad, man. She was born September 25th, 1961. That makes her 42. Yeah, okay. 42. And you're saying she's got 30 men. I mean joke. What? Mr. Taken. It's serious. That's what I was trying to tell you. No, no, no. And you're sticking.
42. You know, you're sticking to Jones is like you're sticking her. You'd like to stick her. Yeah, you're in to you. She, she, but a couple of years older than Catherine, if at all. Oh, I see. And now you're going to make me look that up. And then we'll have to put that page back on there. Isn't that the whole point? What is to make me look it up?
It's a good time. I like that idea. Oh, I don't want to look. You look it up. All right. God do it. He ain't doing anything. Yeah. What? Oh, nothing. Here's a little. Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing? I got to pick a report.
And I got someone for your list. The big report is you got a motorcycle cop on tap street hanging out under Fred Hunter.
And now when people just stepping out in front of cars, part of my. You're dead. Right. The person for the list is Victoria Principal. That's a good one. And, and Jordan, I'm going to say she just turned 28. You know, Catherine, it was born in 69. So that makes her 34. See? So she didn't belong on there. She's not open up. Can I get to get to?
Sure. Hang on. What? Nothing to take it. We don't have any more. And tickets. What is mad dogs at all the tickets? He'll be on a two o'clock. If you want tickets, just hang on. I don't have any tickets. It's not a sports show. Okay. I'm not one of them. Jock Sniffers. I don't want to. People that wants a Pudge Rodriguez is a pudge or whatever. He's peddling. Yeah. I know he does. That's the reason. I'll go through the games. He wants to sniff. Pudge is a Jockstra. Once the sniff is pudge.
152. And maybe that's Clarence I'm confusing with. I'm not really sure which of them. You know, Clarence, that's into interior defecating.
Hey, if you guys out there, if you got a head that looks like what I just got through sin, if you got a big bad ugly bald spot, it makes you look old. Now, some of us, we are old. So who the hell cares?
But if you guys want to look younger and better than you have in a long time, maybe you're not getting too much action. One of the reasons is you don't have no hair. Trust me when I tell you the Charles Alfie or your natural hair line system is the best thing going.
I see all these fakers come out. They've got these mousey looking pieces. They got these miracle pills. They do nothing but make you walled it a lot lighter.
And then they've got these holes in the head that make the blood drip all over your chin. Forget about it. Get the natural hair line system from Chuck Alfie or it's affordable.
And it's the best looking piece in the world because it looks real. It looks like it's real hair. Yours is grown right out of your scalp as opposed to those barnyard animals do a kazansky on your forehead.
And you have nothing to lose but your shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee after 30 days if you don't love the way how many days?
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting action like round a clock, that's with an L. Charlie give you a full refund. No questions asked.
And if you mention my name, you get a $200 near our juice discount too. So like I said, say goodbye to your bald spot and look better when younger than you ever dream. They'll give you a free consultation and show you just how great they can make you look.
The obligation call toll free today and get your hair back from Chuck 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Log under their website it's Charles Alfieery.com.
And look all this is 430560. We're waiting for you.
Can't believe the language I hear on TV every home the word is an obscenity. It used to be that cable was a horror on worse but now the network's let their act as curse.
There's no wedding sites of this obscenity all the dialogue contains for fair to see. Square and like a sailor on a pre-day pass words a whole lot worse than as.
Rack them.
Yes, we can talk about it because it's very confidential.
Phoebe Kates and Anne Margaret there's two more for your list. Over the years which celebrity do you think is eight now let's get these phones all lit up for the mad dog because he's got her a ticket.
But a big game Saturday a Friday Saturday and Sunday at P.P. Park if it's necessary to play that many. Oh, wait a minute is this is still a best of five or they play seven now seven right yes.
Seven best of seven oh my god see I don't I'm paying attention no more because I don't care about baseball. I'll be paying attention this year you better uh get your life on it that's got life on it.
How much over the years which celebrity do you think is age the best rack hell welches pulling away from the past she looks pretty damn good.
52. Sofie Loren 43 don't forget to remind me tomorrow small bills on a marnaith the second week don't forget small bill yeah Barbara Eden 33 she looks damn good damn.
Dick Clark 24 all over it finally cut up to him we're pleased what's the name of the new book by Michael Morgan.
Oh Christ. No I find it.
Sean Connery 15 Goldie Hahn and John Stamos and Johnny Depp and Morgan Fertchild have 12 of a piece friend Resher and Brad Pitt and Nanny and Brad each have 11 Jane C.
More 18 is Turner's got seven Madonna Kathy Erlin Dolly Parton with seven.
Oh Jack Lensmith's ex Susan Coochie Coochie she's the luchi she got four she's crap shares got four Kim Basiners got four Harrison Ford's got four and after that it's teeny tiny titters mad dog wild stuff coming up next including tons and tons of Marlon tickets maybe.
Bye bye bye.
