It's wider, you bastard.
And the mother's day, my mother calls me home.
She says my day's coming up and I don't want to stay at home.
And then she says I need something much more than a hard guy.
Listen up, cause the same very hard guy.
Home arrester running for the city of the world.
It's a honesty and I don't want to cook now.
My mother told me, you better take me out.
Don't forget, you better take me out.
Take me out.
If she said it's not a joke, no, my aim be it for me.
Take me to a place that doors got some money.
If there's a mother's song, expect it from now.
I'm gonna move back in, please do now.
My mother told me, you better take me out.
Take me out.
You better take me out.
Take me out.
You better take me out.
Take me out.
Okay, I'm reaching back here in a fags machine.
So just don't get into a cold sweat.
I would play that song while you look at that.
You wanna play it now?
People see us everywhere.
They think you really care.
No.
But myself I can't to see.
I know it's only make believe.
Are you sure?
Get off your duck.
Let's go and get on with your mouth.
I wanna know only prayer.
Is that someday you'll care?
My hopes, my dreams come true.
I know.
I know.
I will never know how much I love you so.
My only prayer will be something that you care for me for the time.
God, did I walk you just before?
Oh, Ryan.
Your prayer hopes, my dreams come true.
My life, forget for you.
Okay, that's enough.
I know I don't wanna lose the audience.
I mean, it's not art kind of music.
But that's a great job.
That's it.
And didn't I tell you?
You were playing at this morning about 10 minutes ago.
And I'm sitting here listening.
And I said, that sounds like duck.
Right.
Wow.
That's our program director, definitely.
You obviously missed his calling in life.
It's not too late.
Now he's not really that old.
He's old, but not old like me.
If I was him, man, I'd be, well, plus that kind of music doesn't sell anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. I mean, Conway Twitty was good in his day, but that was 50 years ago.
45 anyway.
But he's got a great voice.
He's been doing a karaoke stuff.
He's a neurotic guy because he's worked for Greg Read on and off for a long time.
It's just like when we first came to the station.
Remember I was talking to the day about Hank is different now because I mellowed him out.
Yeah. But when we first came there, Hank was like a raving lunatic.
And he was just brow beating.
Everybody just can't tanker us.
I mean, more so than ever.
Can't Hanker us?
Hank Tanker us.
Hey, stupid.
Yeah, he was Hank Tanker.
Well, he's still a little on the tanky side.
But at any rate, and I kind of like brought him back to Earth a little bit, bitched him out a little.
And the same with Muff.
And I was just saying about Muff before I got off in the Hank.
What a good singer he is.
Now I was saying about how neurotic he is.
Oh, chicken and the egg thing was he neurotic first before he worked for Greg?
Or did Greg make him into the basket case that he is today?
That's the obvious question.
He's got a great voice.
And keep in mind that was Tommy engineered that thing and it sounded pretty good.
You know, the karaoke deal.
But can you imagine like in a real recording studio?
Right.
I mean, they can make a singer out of just about anybody when you come right down to it.
But I've heard Duff sing live and let me tell you.
But that's what I'm saying.
I was knocking him.
I was just saying.
But so with a little added accoutrement during the real studio, he could sound great.
He could hear.
He's wasting his time, you know, footloat around under the radar at the QAM.
By the way, Jim Sarni, you were an asshole.
I'm not going to waste any time because a guilty took a career this morning.
Let's see.
Women are all bitches and what's the other thing we're supposed to say and screw you.
F you.
We all want to be outrageous and the rip women on QAM.
You know, you're such an asshole.
I guess if I was to suck me as you, Sarni, and I'm not.
I'm ugly, but not even in your league.
Man, if I looked in the mirror and saw that every day, I'd probably be leashing out too, you know, which he's doing.
It's stupid as calm.
And speaking of the sun, sentlin' stupid people, Tom Jik is going to be up for etiquette tonight, 10.30.
Now, maybe you want to call Tom, ask him, A, why there's no article on the radio ratings again, as usual, since he isn't town now.
B, how come neither one of the newspapers including the one that he works on has come central decided that it was a major story that Broward County Commission passed that resolution about the Patriot Act.
All of these things, you know, and about how 99% of what he writes about is about network TV shows and nothing about the local scene since I'm supposed to be out of touch sitting up here in Sars country, you know.
God, what a...
But they won't do it. I looked at the letters to the editor in both newspapers this morning.
And I went back a couple of days just to make sure, because this episode happened on Tuesday, with that commission meeting, was it Tuesday or Wednesday?
Tuesday, huh?
Whatever it was, I went back a couple of days to make sure I didn't miss anything.
There wasn't one letter to the editor from anybody, or at least if there was, they didn't print it, either paper about the Broward Commission in that resolution against the Patriot Act.
Nothing.
So it's like it never happened. The Sun Sentinel puts out on their 11.59 at night on their website for one minute.
And then they bury a little tiny paragraph in a story about Miriam Elephant.
And that's it.
It's a major new story.
Every other place in the country where they've had a similar resolution passed big front page story, it's all over the websites, not in South Florida.
Man, you talk about go stepping and pandering. What about it, Tommy? How you bald headed geek?
I hope they call his ass tonight and rip him a major ass go and they won't. But if anybody deserves it, it's a little Tommy jica.
You're so off-fought out of it. And he'd say, well, gee, I wrote that story defending, Neil, I don't need no defending.
All he did was shine a spotlight that we let a word loose. There are any big deal like that. So it's like there's an issue about it. Is there any issue?
No.
Did anybody say anything about it? No.
And just in which he writes a whole column and he's afraid he's terrified because he's been so intimidated.
He's scared to death to put a wacky Jackie's name in there for your fear that he'll start up with them all over again.
Which I can understand that but nevertheless, why write the column in the first place if you don't want to put any names in there, Tommy?
You little pussy. He's been crucified, jica. That's his problem. Pusify.
We have one more movie pool today since we've been moving intensive all week, but we'll get to it momentarily.
It's going to take me about an hour and a half to get through yesterday's poll result.
Before we do that, on the front page of the hero speaking of your local fish wrappers,
you might draft the resolution to take control of a wacky oil. I just mentioned this in passing.
The Bush administration's, oh, it's payday today, by the way, clearance. I just mentioned that in passing too.
Okay. So I sure hope there's something big and fat in my mailbox.
The Bush administration circulated a draft resolution among key security council members yesterday calling for the elimination of more than a decade.
Of international sanctions on Iraq and granting the United States broad control over the country's oil industry and revenues until a permanent Iraqi government is in place.
How many years could that be?
Yeah. I got to read that last part again.
Granting the United States broad control over the country's oil industry and revenues until a permanent Iraqi government is in place.
The resolution which was to be presented the 15 nation body today,
the security council would shift control of Iraq's oil from the United Nations to the United States and its military allies with an international advisory board having oversight responsibilities, but little effective power.
A transitional Iraqi government which US authorities have said they hope to establish within weeks would be granted a consultative role.
The proposed resolution would give the Bush administration far greater authority over Iraq's lucrative oil industry than US officials have previously acknowledged.
And I should just point out what I do with that article.
Oh, we got that great story. You fact me about the toilets in France, such as they are, but newsmax.com, which is about as far to the right as you'll find any website in the universe.
There we are got an article in here ripping Bush. See the right wingers are getting pissed off with him too.
Didn't we have the thing on yesterday about the porn against her pissed off because they're not coming down the hard enough on the homos wasn't that on yesterday.
Well, today and of course then the story came out last night on the news that the NRA is really foaming at the mouth because of the assault rifle bill and they have a ban on the assault weapons.
And so now they're just turning on them like a wreck because that's what the see if you get if you're not way over to the right.
If you're not 50 yards to the right of a till of the hunt, then you're not far enough to the right for these people.
So I will get into that briefly about the Bobby Graham's that evidence that Bush blew 9-11, but he ain't letting it off because of security reasons because well, look at him that.
I just mentioned that in passing to OK. So it's not just Connie Pinko left this liberals who are dismayed and disgusted with this administration with these goose stepping Nazis, but now from all sides he's getting it to which I say.
Yeah, anyway, nice job, though. He's damn good.
Well, can you imagine if he was as good as radio administration is is that singing he'd be we'd be we'd be number one half, you know.
What's the thing?
I thought I'm picking on him because he's going on vacation next week, but I'm just picking on him because he's going on vacation.
He should be in the strong way we enthusiastically recommended that he watch Requiem for a dream. See.
Especially that part where they start popping all them pills where she starts on the diet pills watch that very closely.
I just mentioned that in passing. I say that is a friend just watch that and keep an open mind. OK.
See where I'm coming from. No, I get it.
Hope he does. So George wanted to get happiness and they can't find a damn movie three places, three strikes.
Oh man. That's depressing. Yeah, that's unhappy. This can't find happiness. Of course, that's South Florida. It's a syndrome.
Can't find no happiness in South Florida. And don't get any of these movies we've been talking about all we can blockbuster because you probably get a watered down version and probably like a Bambi.
You'll be in the middle of the movie no matter what it is.
I heard that the version of the godfather they sell blockbuster instead of a horse's head. It's Bambi.
Yeah, well, I mean, even though it's, you know, protest. I think you chop Bambi's head off and put it in somebody's bed.
But nevertheless, it's more cutesy than that horse head, you know.
When it lightened up just a notch or two. Don't be going to blockbuster. OK, because they censor your movies.
Everything in America is censored now. You know what I'm saying? I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball. Come on. Come out of the woodware. Yeah.
Well, get the results yesterday's pool and no 600 movies on there that have the best or more shocking ending. It wasn't even close sixth sense.
I got to see that. Is there anywhere I can watch that? Do they have a thing on the DVD where you can like block out one actor actress that you don't want? No, that's not it. That would be great.
Wouldn't that be dynamite? Oh, or it would change it to somebody else. I don't want to see Bruce Willis. He makes me physically ill. I have to go to the turret and he even puke and do all kind of things.
I just I just there's something about him. In fact, of all the people in the movies, he's the last one I would watch a movie in his Bruce Willis. He just even worse than Richard gear. Yeah, yeah, much worse than Richard gear.
Worst what a thousand times worse. At least Richard's got an active.
Back them. 12 minutes after nine at five sixty WQF. You've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories. You have got to go to barbecue's galore. Get yourself a head start of the barbecuing season with the perfect grill on accessories all at the guaranteed lowest prices.
Now through this Sunday, Mother's Day may 11 by any gas grill over 149 bucks and get free assembly and free propane. That's right. Free assembly and free propane. Don't forget Mother's Day this Sunday at barbecue's galore is incredible gifts for mom.
Everything from a new grill the backyard accents that will make it a nicer place for the family to spend time together for our barbecuing needs at the guaranteed lowest prices.
You love shopping barbecues galore because they have everything you need for barbecuing at an unbeatable price.
They're in plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center call 9 5 4 4 2 3 4 400 and they're a crawl springs at 74 85 West sample road corner sample in Rock Island.
Call 9 5 4 7 5 7 6 6 6 6 8 and don't forget free assembly and free propane gas on all gas.
Girls of 149 bucks this week only right to Mother's Day this Sunday at barbecue's galore.
Why and local we're sports radio five 60's you a you a M.
Don't hate you.
Jim
Hey mom hey mom
You time this year
Okay
It is Mother's Day
We've all gone
Okay
Don't lie
Well good now we going to a buffet
Good brunch
You eat
Okay
Cuz here's the dessert trade now.
We'll pay
Sit down
Okay
See put your purse on her
Now is how much it will take
You're not a fool, but her hair is gray
To me she looks just the same
Says please do let me think
She looks at me and smiles, use my baby day
I told her I turned 37 yesterday
But you make me feel like I'm eight
I'm so much less mad
D.V.A. let me feel you're playing
And what here is a celebrate
Is as well
Hey Ma
Your time is here
Okay
It is Mother's Day
We won
I'll give
Don't fly
Well good
Now we go into our birthday
Got a brush
Let's watch you eat
Too much
Okay
Because here is the dessert
917-560 WDQM
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers out there
And where we should have a lot of mothers in this audience
I can almost think about that
Anyway speaking of that
You know, that thing about Duff
I bet you we had people inside the building just shocked
Who had never heard him do the karaoke thing before
Right, we all saw it at that party
Heard him
But even so, I mean hearing that on the ear like that
Like a real professional record
In fact, I bet you Duff's got a lot of hidden talents that
The general public doesn't know about yet
Anyway don't forget to join Joe Costello
Inundate to today at the Verizon Wireless Store at
3333 North Federal Highway in Pompino
Stop by to get your free Marlon Tickets for a tonight's game
Could be a seventh consecutive loss I should point out
Against Colorado easily
And register to win tickets
Stop coming home game
Oh well what happened to the other good stuff
I guess it all went
About the tickets to the world of the All Star game
And the box
Well, I don't know I'm just reading what it says on here
And of course Miguel made it up so
Yeah, probably it's gonna be too good
Our hot couples contest is heating up the deadlines next
Third day May 15th
And we're starting to get some interesting work in people now
You notice?
Yeah, I noticed
We really are
In fact, I'd say like the last three couples in a row have been pretty them
But again, I don't want to like influence the outcome
Which I won't but I will say this
What was her name Aaron's a lady friend?
Amy?
Amy, Amy and Aaron from yesterday
So, being her boy emails me the pictures
And when he emailed me the pictures of Aaron, it says I think he's better looking than she is
And I say that with a flawless flawless in capital huge letters
A flawless record at heterosexuality
Is what he said
You think he was protesting too much?
No, just right
And then of course they're both models and here's a bunch of pictures from muscle dreams
Magazine and of course you can click on the pictures naturally and enlarge them
And there's that one, well I can't I can't look at that during the show
Okay
You know the way to which picture I'm talking about?
No
I mean what is that?
I mean don't say the word what you think it might be but what is that in there?
How that can't be what I'm thinking it is
I don't know what you're talking about
I'm talking about the one that he's got that
The banana in his pants
We standing there with him buying with a shorts on?
Are you looking at these pictures now?
No, no I'm not
Yeah you are, it's the middle group there
The third one from that
I don't even know where you're looking
Oh okay, well forget about it, you don't need to be looking at him anyway
It's bad enough that you're here boy starting to hear him, his image is getting ruined too
Don't forget log out to our website, neo-riders.com
You can email us a picture of yourselves, any couples out there can be male and female
The male and male female and female or whatever
A boy and his dog, not just a joke
Don't get all the banana shape
And you have till next Thursday May 15th and then starting next Thursday
We'll put the pictures up on the web for a week and people can vote which is the hottest couple
And Thursday May 22th the couple with the most votes wins
And the top prize is a 3 day 2 night stay for two with the moral voices resort in casino and in Bahamas
With round trip airfare on Lake Arir and the runner up couple gets dinner for two at the prestigious pizza lot
Here's the results yesterday's poll
What movie had the best or most shocking ending?
The sixth sense, 225
And I think it was really good enough that my distaste for Bruce Willis I would overcome it
No, no
In fact just because movie had a great ending this mean it was a great movie
I pointed that out correct
It's fine, it's a good movie
It's okay
But not great
Usually suspects 115 which was a strong second but I mean 225 is almost double
And a much better movie with a much better ending but what do I know?
Oh, Planet of the 8th 98
Shawshank Redemption 80 which George will tell me this morning forget about it
American Beauty 56, Fight Club 43, 741
7 at 41 votes
That's well we put this on that
A lot of light and spacing movies on this list I just noticed up at the top
What's in the box?
Seriously if they were just if why don't they just redo?
I mean they can do that they make different endings
Why don't they just reshoot that one scene or eliminate it or you know do something?
I'll get right on it
In fact they what's his name?
Because Lawrence Olivia has been dead for a long time
Was Lawrence Olivia in Spartacus with Tony Curtis or who was it?
I think he was one of them
Yeah, so they had to have Tony Hopkins this so this last night they on some of them were those E kind of channels
And because they had originally limited the home or erotic scene there in the original movie
It's back though you'll be pleased to know
I will not be pleased ever want to see Tony Curtis naked but they put it
But the point being that they had a they they lost the dialogue so they had to have Tony Curtis and Anthony Hopkins
Do the dialogue for that scene
He was 741 easy writer 31 no way out had 31 Arlington Road at 31 Chinatown 30 Primal Fear 28
Last American Virgin 27 Dr. Strange love 25
Soil and green 24 carry 23 the others 22 Jacobs ladder 20
A boy in his dog 17 deliver in 16 the game 15 angel art and happiness and body heat and witness for the prosecuting chat 14
The fact that happiness only at 14 votes tells me that either a the audiences got tasted their tush or be nobody saw it
Nobody saw it
No well they better
In fact what they're doing is they're going that's why George can't find a copy of it because all over town
He's going to all these damn stores. You can't find it because there's a run on it
There's a run on happiness in South Florida
The hitter and the world according to Garb 13 dear 112 American history X had nine citizen Kane had nine
Seven votes of peace for living Diana L.A.
Somewhere in time in the day of the Locust six votes for the reincarnation of Peter Proud with what was what was her name?
Jennifer O'Neill there you go and Michael Sarasin
Eraserhead and the Italian job five the original Dutch version of the vanishing along with Donnie Darko Magnolia
Puckett and McLean and Pi each had four Pi by the way puts the drill in his head the end of the movie
I don't know why I don't why I would you know it won't make any difference
Yeah he puts the drill right up to the side of the head and brought up big hands in the movie
But it's it's worth seeing identity and frailty three frailty
Tomorrow to the Scott's for boys one out of almost a 200 votes lifeguard had big big oh
Oh
Sorry about that, but it just didn't have no votes
So that's yesterday's pool here's today's pool as we've been moving intensive all week wide change today right right we've got them all whipped up into a frenzy about films
What movie have you watched the most times now that I did put a first category around here
I've never watched any movie more than once do you think there's anybody in this audience who will vote for that?
No well yeah they'll vote for it no no but I mean honestly vote for that no no well how can I still got these pictures of Aaron on here
I don't know
Why not? What movie have you watched the most times other than Debbie does Dallas never watched any movie more than once
And I just have a short list of four because obviously the audience will be just dying to you know I'm look I mean we don't like that
And this is one they can only put one okay there's no way you can give us a list of five on this even though they'll probably try
Well here's movies I watched a whole bunch of these men no not not not how many movies have you watched several times and not how many times did you watch?
That's great but we don't have any way to like quantify that okay that's not the point
Godfather one which would be mine certainly I mean God I can't even count the number of times that I've watched a Godfather one
The thing you've brought it brains all over you nice time leaks suit
A cook of cook who's nest gone with a wind and a clockwork orange which were judges
Which he said he's watched that at least a year okay before we get to anything else
This is this is great thanks whoever fasted this to us in the UK independent today
Toilet chic emerges from a whole underground although it might be toilet chick emerges from a whole underground but I don't think so
I knew her yeah to the old toilet chick ask any tours to describe a Paris cafe laboratory and prepare for a tow curling account of the horrors of squatting over an impossibly small hole in the floor of a squalid cupboard sized cubicle
And here to think that I only thought that they did this in like 18th world countries I read that into squatting
The smell and fear of splashes the lack of soap or towel the timer light that leaves you in the darkness after a minute have left a mark of generations of visitors of France
The time well they're they're frugal but you understand I had no idea
Yeah and 10 seconds of light goes off and you're in the dark and you hope that you don't go into the hole
Fritz people please me yeah but a handful of imaginative young decided to decide to confront the issue using custom built steel fittings and everything from cheeky people to live goldfish
Some of Paris's oldest lose have been transformed in the havens of wacky chic see it's the UK independent and of course lose their awards right
I want people to say wow when they walk into the toilet and talk about it for weeks afterwards in Javier Denimor
who's bought five Paris cafes instead of fortune jazz fortune jazzing updated washrooms
Paris toilets have a reputation for being disgusting when really they should be at least as clean as the kitchen
They're also the one place that's truly private so there's scope tabs and fun with them too
I bet you there's plenty of people have fun on the turlits that I heard
First time or to the toilets in the trendy at twam on Kanté missing star cafe in the bulber quarter generally come up looking shocked
Shaps of light flood down from a holes in the ceiling of dim little laboratories where everything from the walls to toilet bowls to sinks is crafted from steel
In a window between male and female cubicles the view cut off by a lit up screen showing an apartment block by night a model train chugs by
The commas broken by panic as you glimpse yourself on a television screen cut by hidden camera beneath the mirror oh no
Nice I don't want to see myself sitting on the old Lou you know what I'm saying right I will say that
Remember old Lou? Yeah Lou Dobbs how's he doing? Oh Lou Dobbs he took a he went into that toilet and took a while turn to the right never came out again
27 past nine at five sixty WQM Mother's Day is day after tomorrow time is running out but there's still time to give mama gift that she'll be thrilled about
This year pamper mom with a pajama grand your mom wife or grandma will receive the softest pajamas along with free lavender bath tea and gift card all delivered and they keep say cat box
The set of pajama grand gift shop online at pajama grand dot com or call one eight hundred give PJs and they'll hope you choose the perfect peer
Saturday deliveries guaranteed some mom will get her gift on time they've got branchy nose and loves like Nick and Korra, Anora whatever her name is
Crab tree and Evelyn and the tour made from premium fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk and sizes to fit any mom from teeny and tiny to gigantic humongous
Plus they've got gowns robes slippers and great spa products to all the stuff women love she'll actually love it and so give you know she's going to use to
Pajama grand company's a sister of the Vermont teddy bear company so you know that you can trust their quality and on time delivery to not too late do it now this mother's day pamper mom with a pajama grand
is visit pajama grand dot com or call one eight hundred give PJs but do it now that's pajama grand dot com and be sure and tell me that old Neil sent you by my
friend local sister's radio five city
way and way and
Friday you best
you
don't
play
surprise
it
was
really
say
call
or
or
or
but
a
call
or
call
or
or
or
or
or
or
or
or
or
star search at the very least star search would be great
dot get off this incident get with it
get whether you're wasting all of that talent
got that great commercial voice you know
and here he is sitting there like being a quizzling for a guy that just uh... you
know refuses to let anybody decide which hand away to ask with no wonder people
get neurotic in that joint
it is paid by the way clear and such your hope that thing is in my private box
you know i mean your mail box
was out of my box
president want to be gram i'm evidence that bush blue nine eleven of this is
written little bits are cast because of course it is in newsmax dot com which is
a
ultra ultra right wing website but
that is where i got it because i never checked that thing it was on uh...
we're going to have a lot of us flash i believe
so that makes it even that much more amazing the fact that this isn't from
some comi pinko left this website
president want to be gram i'm evidence that bush blue nine eleven democratic
presidential hopeful senator bob gram is reportedly
sitting on damaging evidence that the bush administration could have prevented
the nine eleven attacks but it hasn't released information yet because it's
classified
i think bob gram has a smoking pistol on the bush administration congressional
quarterly's craved crofford
told wabc radio's john bachelor and paul on the xander late Tuesday
crofford explained that gram's mystery evidence has to do with their failures
especially intelligence failures before nine eleven
in recent weeks senator gram the senior democrat on the senate intelligence
charge repeatedly that bush bungle the war on terrorism but the explorer
governor is never publicly suggested that he thought the president left
america vulnerable to nine eleven attacks nevertheless
crofford has been covering the four democrats presidential runs in the
gram obtained the bush nine eleven evidence while serving as the ranking
democrat on the senate intelligence committee the problem is that what gram
knows
and he knows some very damaging stuff about the bush administration's failures
before the nine eleven uh... to prevent it he can't talk about because it's
classified he explained
another reason for gram's silence republicans would likely complain
that he's abused his position on the intelligence committee by turning into a
tool for opposition research still
gram has been publicly hitting it what he knows without going into detail who
quoted a recent speech in which the senator claimed i know first hand is
former chairman of the senate intelligence committee how little the
administration is done to provide real security at home while it's directed
its attention away from the war on terror broad
crofford said that the presidential hopeful is trying to figure out a way to make
the nine eleven evidence against bush public without violating the secrecy rules
on the intelligence committee how do you like that
from newsmax dot com no less boys and girls
let's be rich in del Rey beats as they are the sexiest movies but they're surely
and he's got to yeah told you and not only that but this is this isn't even
responsive to what i'm saying the of this rich in del Rey get some help rates
too many old yinches i think are affecting your brain
they aren't the sexiest movies but they are surely the most watch the wizard
of us in the thank him and well so what does that mean we're not asking what he
thinks of the most watch movies of all time we're asking you i don't give a
crap who want other people are watching come on rich get a life sweet art
god this happens every stinking day okay
let me ask you this paper or plastic wood and are they really that spastic
are they yes they are wow the very first fact it comes across the
ethane cross my puss and he don't get it all what movie have you watched
the most times there we go that's the question it's as simple as saying what
day of the week is it Friday okay purple people leader purple haze
get a purple purple paint purple pills
oh what the hell which one of the movies is it where they were sitting around watching
M&M was that one of the movies i watched you i see that in some non-TV
i was that in uh i don't know that in bully possibly now don't know where the hell was it some
not really told now bunch of punk sitting around watching M&M i guess it was some of it that
was seen on television one movie have you watched the most times and then here's the
choices so far never watched any movie more than once godfather won which i'm
positive is gonna get a lot of votes you know i could be wrong about that maybe it's only me
but i think it's gonna get a lot of votes leave it good
take it only once we're over to kuku's nest gone with a wind or a clock we're going just
are short list so far because we don't want to put a whole bunch of money what movie have you
watched not do you think the public has watched more than anything else i mean that's so far off
basins than just like you said purple what movie you watch purple for color purple or purple
here's a call from west pombi chill out yeah i know yes sir yeah i tried to call you uh the day
uh the morning cherry wanes died uh couldn't get through but my brother called me from Boston
early in the morning uh to let me know but uh through i got a quick story we uh we used to go up to
the studio at the mwmex right in in in the next the family park in uh i guess it was 57 58 and you
could just come right in well Jerry was on the air and sit down he had ten and twelve chairs there
and uh one night he was opening up his mail part of his uh nightly duties and uh
this piece of used tissue paper in there so he opened it up and he turned to the
audience he said you know it was better to avoid he said this is what's out there
in the meantime my frank used to be a regular when you wait 300 pounds
offline on a cigar all the time and i would bring up sandwiches and uh he was a terrific guy
can't believe it's the same person that's now you know been accomplished for now for four years
and one final thing uh i heard you talking about the movies and uh you mentioned momentum
and you know i've listened you quite a bit now and i'd be last 15 minutes into that movie i'd be
very surprised really total complete nonsense so i'll be interested to hear what you have to say
when i want you to tell me that before because expensive damn thing to it's a two it's a two disc uh
set there is like a special deluxe i think 45 bucks or something yeah i know if you went to the
movies to see it you'd be asleep in nine minutes okay thanks pal bye bye see you yeah speaking of
jerry Williams even though he did die several days ago it would be really interesting since mr
jikkun's gonna be on for a day of the night after the baseball game till two in the morning maybe
somebody won't want to ask tom how come he didn't write anything about jerry Williams there
wasn't orbit in the sun sent in the paper for which tom works but you'll recall and i pointed
out at the time the orbit at no place where you perform did it say anything about jerry working
in the south floor to market being on w and w was for a year being the program director of the
radio station and having gigantic ratings on that station okay nothing zippity doodah
back in nineteen eighty okay twenty three years ago but you know something that's not a lifetime
ago twenty three years ago tom let's face it you're out of touch with the local media just you just
write a bunch of puff pieces that anybody could write uh like press releases from the networks you
know from cbs from abc from Warner Brothers that's that's that's kaka is what that is okay anybody can
do that just writes a bunch of puff pieces about the shows that they won in dynies guys to go out there
and watch the the previews and what do they call them trailers not the trailers when they when
they have the uh the fall previews that's what they call them very very ashamed of you tom it's just
it's uh i don't even you know tom jick i don't even know who that is says thank you for your
enthusiastic review of requiem for a dream for those of us who have suffered from the effects
of addiction of prescription drugs encouraged by doctors who saw us as wallets and not human beings
Ellen Burstens performance is an emotionally shattering experience
here's some good news for your listeners some coast video is selling requiem and happiness for
only fourteen ninety five directors cut in a special promotion by three dbds and get one free
most sound coasters are in malls my stores in a crulse square mall says this factor
less than that they still had a few requiem's left but it sold out of happiness dbds
see i've made a run on happiness faster they told me another ship and suspect it on tuesday and
promotional last all during the month of May so there you go George all right what are these
some coast videos are one and anyone i'll find one i'll find one i got the wheel and hurry up so i can make a copy
give me three you can uh pretend we didn't hear that okay i know i thought i heard a voice in the back
i thought i heard a voice in the back what it must have been just the wind blowing in somebody's
like them all that all that blown smoke somebody taking something up the nose
nine forty one nineteen till ten at five sixty here's something that you take in your
puts olio med it's a great product olio med soft gels are pharmaceutical great olive oil with lots
of other good stuff in them not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated lural with health
benefits for you olio med every day can up produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
plus there are fourteen different olio med formulas pre-bitches from each one combining pharmaceutical
great olive oil with vitamins minerals and herbals to support specific needs from your bones to
your blood pressure to your immune system just pick out the formulas that are right for you and
now we got three great new olio med formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control that weight
and cell Q-10 which contains coq-10 for your heart pick up some olio med two day and start in
in the habit of popping in every day it's good for you pick it up at public's records wall green
soul food markets Navarro's and sedano's or order olio med online if you'd like an olio med
america dot com for more information call one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six six five
three sixty six thirty three pick up some olio med today and for better health you want to start
feeling better pop it in your purse real soon
just too young
and
really
short
he
short
on the news and what did i see there was a man on obo doby tv foody be real
much to our surprise for some better wrecky and perfect disguise i keep asking myself
and wondering how he survived when we do every building down if it's not sedone we know we're
healthy either living in seary hour he can be free on in a thousand pieces on the whole that's a
star
it's a nine forty six if i are these uh...
taxes that we've gotten so far this morning were two for two so far
just incredible it's as hane ill
right now this is the wrong one
here it is i know you hate money python but the meaning of life was watched countless times by me it's way for thin
ready for that yet you hate money i hate money python where that come from
always ripping them never never playing it was right on the
i got every money python song it was in made in history
oh
things all that all good
oh
green just show that
well i want you to play this
i want you ever play that
what do you mean you never play that song i put all these money python bits in there i
believe that you never play it ever
haha
all good
what is wrong with these people and maybe they got the wrong the maybe they got the uh... yellow pills
they this is the yellow pill they purple pill they okay
pop it around pills
god
meaning of life i watched that whole bunch of times
in fact everybody put python movies ever made by what i think uh... life of brine
right
anyway
so i put it down there yeah sure meaning of life
i think i'm gonna put the life of brine
do you think that's gonna get more votes
i mean i'm making a judgment there but when they start out by how come you hate
money i know you hate them it just
here's one from murph who says invariably every Christmas whether i want
to whether i want to watch or not he watches it's a wonderful life well we got
all i've told you another one it's a wonderful life
and speaking of christmas a christmas carol
i'm writing down it's a wonderful meaningless life of brine
uh... christmas carol i don't even know how many times i've seen that one
what a christmas carol now we're talking which one we're talking about one with
alistair sim right that's the that's become the definitive right the one
there's some older ones that are really uh... very poorly done
he went to me he's the definitive screwed just like it's like uh... shahalak homes you know
there's only one sure lot comes in that's basil rathbone all these other ones are so
lame so weak i i want to watch and do the ones because he was the definitive sure
lot comes and the other ones are just a rip off i won't have anything to do with
them there's only one doctor watching it with nigh until bruce or gerry bruce
and a same with Dracula right all these Dracula uh... imitators not for me i still
can't find it would today this weekend go to order the tape so okay okay
it wouldn't uh... what's the other one by norton bob uh... uh...
uh... davidson bob uh... uh... mister murphy what is it called bob uh... no idea
bob robberts feature bob robberts
because the both of those are coming out on the db i don't know i guess i could
wait right
yeah i'm not in the middle of june i can wait it's not like an emergency and i'd
rather i'd rather get him on dbd anyway because i don't have a line times
i'm still thinking back to the white-o-watt he money python trying to come up
with an answer for that because you're a big it you hate the brits uh... here's my
any hello
hey i got two waxes i was just a one the beauty of the way man while why would you
have to how could you possibly have to i watched these movies one after another
at least once a month well pick one
beautiful and the middle juice yes and the mass by jim jerry me the being
it's it's it's it's just they just they just they can't thank for us is what they
are you know they just can't go along with it whatever it is like a bunch of
overgrown children
what one movie what single movie not which two not which ten not which i'm
third man no now i can't cut it either what movie have you watched the most
times i mean there many movies have watched multiple times i can mention i
watched the fan again on tv with loren bacalde that was a good movie i've seen
maybe three four times
but
there's the how many movies can there be that you watch zillions of times how many
those could they're possibly possibly not third man like i said i see i
forgot what i just said about the people with too much time on her hands
i mean godfather one i have seen all three of them multiple times but godfather one
especially so many times i couldn't even count the number of times a hundred or more
maybe zillions that that would be my answer how many times you seen it zillions of
time
we must go to the ukulele exactly
here every line in that movie right every every line here be a
jade fontay will never get that movie i don't care how many day go
getting a walk grease ball gum bars come out i don't know what work
i'm german irish well let me tell you something my crutch
mitt friend i'm gonna mix so much code for you you'll know what it was come
the lawyer i have not threatened i know almost every big lawyer in new york who
who the hell are you exactly nine fifty three at five sixty we're having a good time we
understand what it's all about the audiences have an over having a little communications problem
probably because we're on a m you have sure let's start some rumors that we're going on fm one
don't you think it's time to get rid of that country crap on kiss that stuff is such garbage you
know that stuff is so bogus especially now that they're not playing the dixie chicks yeah now that
they stop playing the dixie chicks i think that we ought to move in there and in fact what we'll
do is like in the middle of all the shows will play this each a quick record one half hour
playing the dixie chicks the other half hour played duff only that it's suck
and that's an interesting point because i don't like country music generally
although shaniya twain of course she's Canadian a yeah shaniya's country and she's great she's
like crossover pop though she's very processing nope she's Canadian special special condemnation
for those cowards who cancel their appearances here including jalo they move to winnipeg
jalo you can blow it out your ass jail and you know why she bought that big compound there with
vennapflex no they're having two houses built and they're not going to be staying the same way
and that's what i'm thinking two two huge houses built and they're quite a distance apart on the old
plantation in johger where we had one for her and one for mat daemon and uh also uh elton john and
billy joley crapped out our freight we're afraid oh god there's nothing going on here man everything
is beautiful everything is lovely bells wrong with these goddamn people bunch of morons
bunch of pussy that's the problem too many cowards don't let me forget that column oh i won't
oh and i'll take another comment i'm gonna read today another bedtime story there's so many good
ones no time to get swimish by Nick christall that's that's scary that article that column of his
today and the times that is downright scary nauseating this one scientist warning another an
email to his other aids researchers he says in uh he's advising staff to speak in code
they're worried that their emails are being intercepted uh i'll read this whole thing later but he
says phone communication does not appear tapped at this time even so i'm advising staff to speak
in code unless an n i h staff member indicates you can speak freely in short assume you're living
in stalinist russia when communicating with the united states government you ready for that yeah
yeah i was ready for it um nation of cowards by city hall june i'm gonna get to that and neo cons
dances strouce waltz this is a really in fact there's several articles about this but this was the
last one is united states foreign policy being run by followers of an obscure german jewish political
philosopher whose views were elitist a moral and hostile to democratic government suddenly
political washington is a buzz about leo strouce who arrived in the us in 1938 and taught at several
major universities before his death in 1973 but i just mentioned these things in passing okay
take them or leave them you know because most of you will go through life going like that some of
you might actually pay attention nine fifty seven at five sixty w two m the mad dogs coming up at one
hank the humpers in the studio today at three o'clock then we got the marlins on direct at seven o'clock
the marlins will go for seven losses in a row against the ruckis at pp park tonight seven thirty five
tom jica for ed k ten thirty night and espn and radio you know something i might call tom jica
what are you gonna call him asshole
i'll tell you right now pizza loft is where you'll find some great child this is one thing we can
all agree on we can agree to agree because pizza loft is homosome of the world's best child at
very very modest prices that's why it's so popular that's why jett Cohen has been or building
that eight million dollar house or whatever he's got that's why he chopped off his ponytail because
it got it's got that kind of success doesn't want to walk around looking like some kind of a slob like
woody graber so getting to the pizza loft in davie that's the original broword location on university
drive between five ninety five and grip and road kitty corner the new armadillo cafe right
behind pair one imports with like a zillion parking spots right in front of the joint and try some
of the great child at the pizza loft they got chicken dishes and veal and seafood all your pasta
favorites they got three different kinds of great pizza calzone super sub they got that fugazi pizza
and of course garlic rolls just dripping with garlic that i guarantee you the best you've ever had
for take out delivery and catering at the davie location call nine five four nine one six eighty eight
nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty and of course don't forget now same great food same
great deals same low amazing prices implantation right behind Walgreens corner of nabhilan sunrise
for lunch the interlite night snacks for take out delivery there call nine five four three eight two
nineteen ninety nine long overdue out there by me because it is pretty much a wasteland in terms of
places like this now the pizza loft is implantation right in opulent sunrise like i said behind
prestigious Walgreens nine five four three eight two nineteen ninety nine want to take the whole gang
off for real treat this weekend for a delicious feast at the world famous pizza loft
five and a local
six
five
six
three
is all yours
come
two
and
i'm dying out of here
and
so
subject
mystery
of
species
the
outbreak
is so glad
that
now i'm
advisory
and
don't want you
to travel
to china just in case
did you have chinese take out
you'd better leave some space
don't stand
don't stand so
don't stand so close to me
don't stand
okay
don't stand so
don't stand so close to me
oh let me tell you what other group failed out in uh because of the
SARS-Ferran didn't come to Toronto cancel their appearance you won't believe this
and track what a bunch of pussies
is that incredible
with the republicans
anthrax
oh that group
yes
what about your pussies
gale says see here's another interesting i
you know we're going to have to like have the audience
phrase the questions for me because i think i've lost my time it won't matter
assuming you mean what movie by scene most as an adult
you know something i just got a great idea from mondays pool
what movie did you see most when you were a child okay
we'll make the limit at eight about 30 minutes
and then on uh... twos they will do what movie did you see most as a senior citizen
or do you plan on seeing most when you get to be a hundred
come on gale i'd like not sweet heart but it is amusing
she says 2001 space odyssey otherwise it's the wizard of us
well i guess we better put them both on her don't you yes
somebody uh... faxed in national ampune vacation i already put that on there
of course this is one we put them all on this is one where we have the
where we have george v to it because he's in a surley mood or something like
that or vena boy starts babbling along you know
can i make a suggestion as soon as i get through writing your don't don't
throw me i can't write and listen to your crap at the same time was it was okay
go ahead a christmas story a christmas story yep they put 24 hours of it on
christmas eve to christmas day they put 24 hours of the same movie on tbs i thought
you just said a christmas care will be for
for the movie
you want to know that there's one i watch most
uh...
you see this is what happens when you get a punk out of direct deposit
you know i'm saying
i guarantee he'd be on his best behavior today if it was back in the old days
he's waiting for clearance to finally do a lot that paycheck you know and uh...
but now they get direct deposit on the good news is that bokeh brion is
t-bagging his cell phone as we speak to the uh... excellent
impact you might actually right on it
here's the fact that says from quincey and my amie love your show i watch the
ten commandments every year for at least the last twenty eight years i guess in
fact that's close to the
right
right now if it was in twenty eight times
do you really
and the psp more bold
let's are installing a pró fae
acrylic twenty two second steady
to his plane and when the
mention to probably a do do Robert
hundred Kansas
and it will stop that Ibuis
have aarti port on board sad him yesterday evening i'm Peru as soon as
they came out of the hospital stemsy and money
Okay, Quincy, we're waiting with Vated Breath and you're with your asshole boss
Tracy says good morning. I'm going to yell in my vote for the one movie. I watched some of now
Christmas story are we putting that on there? Yeah
jaws
Got it. I've seen jaws about three four times and you know something heard I heard who was talking about that the other day
somebody maybe in the morning show maybe on the Moe and
Gildey show it's it was good
You know what is called he says no it was not one of the great movies of all time by any stretch of imagination
If you liked it watch it every day watch it
Before the end of the weekend. I mean all you want but it yeah, it was good
But I could live without it and was just you know, I don't know
Pretty predictable when you say yeah
But anyway, thanks Tracy have a great weekend too. It says I watched the countless times growing up and bought the video if you
That I watch every so often. Oh, I see I shouldn't say that I'm Tracy's gonna be upset. I'm not knocking your taste Tracy
I'm just speaking for me. I'm not that big of a jaws fan, okay?
It was good, but not that's something I would watch again
I've seen it like like I said two three times. That's enough if it came on right now
In fact, what is on right now? Oh, you know, we missed this morning
What oh your theoryals busy talking about your crap all funeral in a movie oh
No, please don't tell me he's gonna do that did check. Oh, oh no do it. Oh, no, I want to see it. Oh, I don't want to see that
Something short of paradise
I
Can't stand I can't stand David Stunberg. I love Susan's for random, but I can't stand him
Something short of paradise and art. Oh, it's in the thing just went on and
Journalist and an art theater owner wrestle with a rocky relationship. He is just oh
So you know like Jewish wimpy, you know, you know, I mean by that like a nib like a nibbish
And the other one was like that was in Port Noise complaint. What's that one actor is that?
I never saw that movie Jewish actor. I didn't either he had a bottle of liver that he was attacking topal who?
You said Jewish actor as a topal
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 don't forget I saw gaslight more than once
Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Hello
Oh, no, yes, sir. I got one
Yeah
If you were loading in Vegas how many times you seen it?
Really yeah
Okay, paly
You really well get you an Allison over there. She'll help you out
Fear of loading in Las Vegas got it. I got it see this isn't one that you have to say well
We're gonna put that we've got to put it on there because whatever they say is we got to believe him take their word
Don't know pretend we do anyway
And you can start when he's up there right now because if the people don't see the what there's on there yet or get to call
Them in they can vote later on but in the meantime we can get it up there right now, okay?
So Eric don't have to dittle around with us all morning long because he's obviously got some very important sandwiches
We I mean some very important projects to work on
You follow this is an interesting and disturbing article like I said by Jim Loeb
Where's this from
Oh, Enterprise service
He says his United States foreign policy being run by followers of an obscure German Jewish political philosophers
Whose views were a latest a more than hostile democratic government suddenly political Washington's a buzz about Leo Strauss
Who arrived in the US in 1938 and taught at several major universities before his death in 1973
Following recent articles in the US press and has reported an Asia Times online
This war is brought to you by in March was the article the cognizant here becoming aware that Keeneo conservative strategist behind the Bush administration's aggressive
Foreign and military policy consider themselves to be followers of Strauss
Although they philosophy for an expert on Plato and Aristotle rarely addressed current events in his writings
The most prominent is deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz now seen as the Wolfowitz of Arabia for his obsession with ousting
You know Iraq Sodom Hussein as the first step in transforming the entire Arab Middle East
Wolfowitz is also seen as the chief architect of Washington's post-September 11 global strategy including its controversial
preemption policy
Two other very influential Straussians include weekly standard chief editor William Crystal and Gary Schmidt
founder chairman and director of the project for New American Century
P.N.A.C. a six-year-old neo-conservative group whose alumni include vice-president Dick Cheney and Pentagon chief Donald Rumsfeld
As well as a number of other senior foreign policy officials and I should mention our governor Jeb Bush
P.N.A.C.E early prescriptions and subsequent open letters to President George W. Bush and how to fight the war on terrorism
Have anticipated to an uncanny extent precisely what the administration has done must be just a coincidence don't you think?
Crystal's father Irving the godfather of neo-conservatism who sits on the board of the American Enterprise Institute the A.E.I
Were a number of prominent hawks including former defense policy board chairman Richard Pearl are based has also credited Strauss with being one of the main influences on his thinking
While a New York Times article introduced readers to Strauss and his disciples in Washington
Interest was further peaked this week by a lengthy article and they by the New Yorkers legendary investigative reporter Seymour Hersch
No relation to Sonny who noted that Abram Schulzky a close-prol associate who's run a special intelligence unit in Rumsfeld's office is also a Straussian
His unit according to Hirsch reinterpreted evidence of a rags alleged links to what some have been lodged
Al-Qaeda terrorist network and possession of weapons of mass destruction to support those in the administration determined to go to war with Baghdad
The article also identified Stephen cam bone one of Rumsfeld's closest aides went to the new post of undersecretary defense for intelligence as a Strauss follower
In his article
Hirsch wrote that Strauss believed the world to be a place where isolated liberal democracies live in
Constant danger from hostile elements abroad and where policy advisors may have to deceive their own public and even their rulers in order to protect their countries
Shady a jewelry author of
1999 glio Strauss and the American right says that Hirsch is right on the second cup
But dead wrong in the first Strauss with neither a liberal nor a democrat
She said in the telephone interview from her office at the University of Calgary in Canada
Perpetual deception of the citizens by those in powers critical and Strauss's view because they need to be led and they need strong rulers to tell them
What's good for them the Vi-Mar Republican Germany was a model of liberal democracy for which he had huge content at a jury
Liberalism in Vi-Mar and Strauss's view that ultimately the Nazi holocaust against the Jews
Like Plato's Strauss taught that within societies some are fit to lead others to be led
According to Dury but unlike Plato who believed that leaders had to be people with such high moral standards that they could resist the temptations of power
Strauss taught that those who are fit to rule are those who realize there is no morality and that those only one natural right the right of the
Superior to rule over the inferior
For Strauss religion is the glue that holds society together said Dury who had to that
Irving among other neo-conservatives has argued that separating church and state was the biggest mistake made by the founders of the US Republic
Secular society in their view is the worst possible thing because it leads to individualism liberalism and relativism
Precisely those traits that might encourage descent which interred could dangerously weaken society's ability to cope with external threats
You want to cry that you can manipulate like putty according to Dury and it goes on you can be the whole article on the website
Yeah, well, that's what's happening man. You see it. You see it. It's right there in front of you
either you know either
Get upset about it do something about it. What get whipped up to a frenzy or just
Keep going like that. Yeah, it's all right out there
And we had another article which I'm not gonna waste the time reading or at least I probably won't
About the fact that this whole thing coming up on June 2nd with the FCC. It's already a done deal
The FCC's media bureau has vetted staff recommendations for changes to a string of media ownership rules with all five commissioners
And the chosen proposals have been broadly endorsed by the commissioners three Republican members in other words
It's you know, it's treated to the Republicans have the edge on the FCC. It's a done deal
While the recommend the bureau's recommendations weren't finalized latest today
AIDS expected the process to be completed by Monday the AIDS a there's wide agreement among the Republican majority over the biggest issues
There you go come June 2nd
You're gonna have you're gonna have clear channel all over your body
They're gonna be in your nose and your ears up your back dome. That's right in your ass
Clear channel
Everywhere you look
Airby radio station is gonna sound the same every newspapers gonna have the same crap every television station is gonna be spoon the same damn up
Pept rally propaganda
That's it you lose
1013 at 560 one of my getting so whipped up to a frenzy about you know
Just calm down just look at take a look at Aaron again on a website
You know mother's days this Sunday and this year's surprise here with a gift of relaxation from the inner retreat spa and wellness studio
Or shall enjoy a true spa experience the inner retreat spa and wellness studios offering their great mother's day package for just
$99 you know, Aaron's got a great package too
mom's journey will begin at her arrival where professional licensed staff members will greet her with soft music
Candle item hot tea to receive a relaxing revitalizing facial followed by a massage designer relief all stress and her neck back and shoulders
All of these things for just 99 bucks the inner retreat spa and wellness studios located at 726 Riverside Ravon
Coral Springs right next to the outback called 954 34162 20 for more infomation
mentioned WQM in the first 25 people get a free aroma therapy candle or organic specialty soap and a silk pouch with their mother's day package
They're located like I said in Coral Springs 726 Riverside Rive right next to the prestigious Outback stay-couse
This year do something different from I'm with a true spa experience at the inner retreat spa and wellness studio
Column today is in right now 954 34162 20
We're sports radio 5cc
QAM
Skylos
Neil and Jorge are sick. I take their place. Oh, I forget to pay open bit today. We put them in polia
The polo will be
Uh your favorite operating system. What is your favorite operating system?
Um Windows 87 Windows 95 Windows 98
200 NT Windows XP P
Ruh Windows me
Or Matt Ralais
Legotrofon
Lugla Coyam
So is part of the cure
Oh
Not a polo space. I haven't slept in four years
Yes
I'm doing like you just throws in and I have to count out to his whimsies. Yes. I hate you. I hate you
I hate you too
Please do not hit
Got me there. We'll be like that
1017 at 560 WQ and we don't need that whole thing. Oh, we need to oh, yeah, she's got it. Yeah, that's all we need
Andy and Miami says the one movie I've seen a hundred times probably at least a hundred more is airplane
Just the scene alone in the disco makes me pee my pants every time. I'm with you Andy. It's great. Did we get that on air? Got it
Airplane candy check somebody said also somebody who likes to play golf
Oh
Ferris Bueller's they off
Okay, see I mean why am I passing judgment on these huh?
So how you work?
Yeah, I'm a judgmental prick. That's right. It was okay. I seen the movie. It was all right. By the way
Did you know that he killed the he ran it? I didn't even know that story about Matthew Bronerick
What about it? I saw in the tambourines this week. This happened some time ago like four or five years ago
He ran into a family over in England or somewhere in Ireland and cure like two or three people had no idea
God, I didn't know anything and come with Rick Sanchez
I just mentioned that in passing and they rich-packed to see of all people they just this is starting to get me really aggravated
He's got one two three four four of them and he says I've seen each of zillion times or maybe
Yeah, I can't handle that in fact
I'm not gonna put any of them down just simply because I can't well, what am I gonna do put them all on there?
We're gonna have a list of 40,000 on here. The question is just it's simple. Okay
What movie have you watched the most times not as a child not as a nodal in your life in your life? You got it in your life
How many can we pick?
About third man
One
Put your finger in your nose get it way in there and pick one good one. Okay. That's my suggestion to you
Okay, put down first viewers. They are
That was okay. I mean look if you like it you like it
What about who what what how might I say right
Sean and Hollywood's out of control says if I could afford it
I would have a chip implanted my front alone playing the Maltese Falcon on a continuous loop
If only to hear Sam Spade having Bogart say to Peter Lori Joel Cairo when you're slapped you'll take it and like it
Yeah
You cannot like a man!
What the hell would you?
Even if the slapping doesn't cause the effeminate carer to act like a man.
I've seen it more times than Charles Manson has seen the Perule Boards as Sean and Hollywood.
Okay, let's get that on her Maltese Falcon. That was a great movie.
It was okay, I only thought once.
I... I don't know how many times I saw, but I mean not one that I would watch a lot.
See, this is an interesting thing.
Because when you come right down to it, like, you know, songs if you like a song,
you want to hear it over and over and over again.
Song lasts like three, four minutes, whatever it is.
It used to be like two minutes.
But with movies, I mean movies is an investment of time.
I want to have two hours long movies somewhere like even up to three hours, maybe even more.
I'll tell you one, I can't find that really pisses me off that I would like to see again on DVD.
Once upon a time in America.
Yeah.
I'm sure it's out there.
That's an underrated movie.
And then, like I said, the only frustrating thing about it is the ending is so bad.
Because you get to the ending and then you read that crap about, well, you know, the director said that, you know,
there was an opium trip or something.
In other words, it didn't even really happen.
Right. Don't you hate that?
Yeah.
And you feel like in the movie it lasts about forever.
About 30 minutes.
30 hours.
It's, well, maybe one of the longest movies ever made.
The uncut, the original director's version.
They edited and they chopped the way down because they don't want to put like three and a half hour movies in the theater.
In fact, do you remember when Godfather was a Godfather too?
Was that the one that was real super long?
There was an intermission in that movie.
Now, back in the old days, I mean, real old before you were born.
But back in the good old days, they used to have intermissions in movies frequently.
Right.
Although the intermission wasn't between parts of a movie, the intermission would be between the main features.
You'd go and you'd have your cartoon, I don't remember what order they were.
You'd have your cartoon, your 15 minutes serial like Rocket Man or Zorro or Superman or Cody.
Oh, I love that.
That was Rocket Man, Commander Cody.
And the news reel, which would be, you know, five or ten minutes.
And then you'd have your first feature and then there would be an intermission.
And then between you'd have like another cartoon or some and previews.
You have previews of coming to fractions.
And then you'd have a second full feature.
So back in those days, it was like a day at the movies.
Right.
As opposed to now where you go into these multiplexes and there's like 75 different, well at least.
About third man.
The theaters.
And, you know, it's an hour and a half flick and each one is showing a different one.
And that's it.
Sure, sure.
How don't you know cartoons anymore?
No.
You don't see any news reel. That's for damn sure.
Although, you know, something, don't tell this administration about that.
They'll be putting pom-pom scenes with the, you know, the troops returning with them holding the babies again.
Every time you go to see a movie, you'll be watching oscens again.
That's just a sublimal.
I wouldn't surprise me if they do the sublimal thing and they're like they travel to cove spice and the popcorn thing.
Remember that?
Uh huh.
When did they stop doing that?
In fact, maybe they never stopped.
That's right.
They started doing that with a subliminal advertising where they would put in little clips of popcorn and soda and candy.
And you didn't even realize they were in there, right?
No, it's just product placement.
And the purpose being to like subliminally make you hungry so that you'd run, you'd go rushing out to the counter, buy a bunch of crap and make all your teeth fall out.
Popcorn.
Popcorn, right? They would, popcorn candy.
That would be a great pull to take some.
Did we ever do that?
Favorite theater food?
Yeah, favorite food.
No.
Did you ever do that?
Nope. That would be a good one to take, like maybe Monday.
Sure will have people faxing.
I like steak. I like fish kebab.
Yeah, there you go.
How about some pizza would be good, huh?
Pizza is a nice good thing to eat at the, uh, or how about Kentucky fried?
How about like a nice big bucket of Kentucky fried at your favorite theater would be good.
Just ate the same no more man, just ate the same.
It's a whole different experience.
I just like the thing with the DVDs now.
I mean, why the hell would you waste your time going to movie theater when you can get these things on DVD?
Not that long after they came out, right?
With all these extra's.
Sure, with all the extra good stuff and then the Easter eggs.
Oh.
God.
I can't wait to figure that out.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I got, I got a movie today.
My favorite movie is Fast Times at Ridge Mill High.
And yesterday's poll, I was wondering what the movie that I thought was the, the should have been on there was the crying game.
It was on there.
Was it?
It wasn't on there because it wasn't the end of the movie.
It was the first 20 minutes of the movie.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, somebody suggested that.
It was not there because the ending wasn't what was great.
I'm blonde.
I didn't get it till the end.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Have a good one, man.
You too, pal.
Thanks.
Fast Times at Ridge Mill High.
How about your pardon?
The penis didn't tip him off, I guess.
The penis?
Yeah, penis.
Oh, she was a guy.
Right.
I didn't see that movie the crying game.
Oh, okay.
I'm not in those pervert kind of movies.
I like something like, you know, Alison Wonderland.
Something really normal like Alison Wonderland with a mad header in the chisher cat.
All the header old stuff.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
What movie have you watched the most times?
Now, see what that also be.
What's your favorite movie?
Not necessarily.
No.
Because I still think, and it's difficult.
It is so hard.
But I think that my favorite movie is still network.
I'm as mad as hell.
Or I just couldn't take this anymore.
Oh!
Like I told, I just watched about two thirds of it again the other day.
But you know when you watch the movie too often,
when you can't watch it all the way through,
because you just know what's going to happen.
Right.
You don't buy rope.
But there are certain parts of it that you're just so obsessed with.
You cannot turn it off.
I'll get back to you.
Diana.
The scene in his office where she's pitching to put
a beer back on the air.
And he says, you're talking about putting a manifestly irresponsible man on
national network television.
And she stands there with her birthday.
She's nodding her head.
It's just sensational.
Well, I'd have to run it by what it stands for practices.
And Mr. Ruddy will want to know about it.
But I'll get back to you, Diana.
I think that's my favorite movie.
But I have not seen it anywhere near as many.
Well, first of all, it's almost never on television.
One of the reasons being that network television probably is like a little bit of
verse to putting it on there because it's an indictment of exactly what they become.
But the Godfather, I mean, every time you turn around, there it is.
There is the man.
I'm not going to need it because you can't turn it off.
Right?
Just like this show.
Just like the people that claim that they hate this show.
They may hate it, but they can't turn it off.
1026 at 560 QM.
I see pomp and a park spot here, but I don't have any copies.
So I'm just going to win it.
Right.
Well, no, because it's unfortunate because I'm sure that Steve Wolf and our close personal
friend Troy Stratford would like me to know what's going on there.
Anyway, the Panthers and the Heat are well done for the seasons.
Thica forking them they're done.
And college basketball, finito, the dolphins don't get started for another three months.
But there's still some great live action going on where you can be a big winner.
Pomp and O Park is open three nights a week for great live harness racing every Wednesday, Friday,
like the night, and tomorrow every Saturday.
First post time, 715 in the PM General Parking admission is free.
I bet you they got some special stuff from other day too, maybe tomorrow, but I don't know what it is because I have no copy.
Come out to Pomp and O Park and enjoy great racing.
And of course, every day, seven days a week starting in noon, you've got
cymbal casting from all over North America through a bread racing, highlight harness racing from
the best tracks all over North America.
Every Wednesday at Pomp and O Park is dollar night for draft beer hot dogs, sodas, and lots more.
And I'm assuming I'm positive that coming up on Saturday, May 17th, that's a week from tomorrow.
They'll be featuring cymbal casting of the pretens dates from Pemlico and early bird wagering will start.
I do believe next Friday the 16th and 1 PM.
I'm pretty sure of that, but I don't have it a copy.
Don't hold me to it, but I'm positive.
Watch wagering, join the crowd.
Next Saturday, May 17th, the second leg in turbo-derasing triple crowded Pomp and O Park.
By the way, Emerald, what's the horse that was posted when?
Everlopsey.
No, certainly the favorite in the Derby.
Whatever was, he's skipping the pretens.
Really?
So I'm going to pick funny side when Dave Johnson will just speak to him next week.
Pomp and O Park are blocked south Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road.
Don't forget, live racing tonight, great harness racing in the space.
Post-time 715 at Pomp and O Park.
I'm on my own.
This is between your bike city and your way out.
Oh boy.
I'm a cat that can go.
The White House issue of statement today.
I'll phone your trip you can at a ride away.
It's not your left, it's just like safe.
They're not a lot of power coalition anyway.
The Navy is a got the sauce.
Knowing that we'll bring you home.
The Navy is a got the sun.
The Navy in one few.
The Navy is on black light cars.
Oh baby, listen and get off that bus.
More planning things this falls right in line.
And it do it.
And that a better time.
The Navy is a got the sauce.
Knowing that we'll bring you home.
The Navy is a got the sauce.
The Navy in one few.
The Navy is a got the sauce.
I'm on my own.
1032.5.
You know what I'm saying?
It sounds like a little gg.
That the power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
Somebody says the exercise is the course.
I've seen that several times.
I've seen that several times.
I haven't been assigned that.
There are constant mistakes.
I'm not on arage of Godfather.
Is that so?
You'll shoot your eye out
Never saw it. It's like a 40s 40s movie. It looks like a movie for go him
It's a wonderful life seven. Oh, it's speaking of a beener boy rumor
I heard there was that you know Aaron that sent us those pictures yesterday Amy and Aaron
I heard that he got Aaron's number. I couldn't be wrong about that. But that's the rumor going around a building
In fact that what I heard the actual the whole story was I heard that he and muffled like wrestling and a hive and like a brawl this morning
And it came to find out they were Aaron muff was trying to get the phone number away from him
It's a wonderful life seven never watched any movie more than once for see I told you
National amputation three gone with a win three life of Brian three
2001 space Odyssey three clockwork orange appear jaws two ten and then from there on does it mattering?
Did we put deliverance on there?
Not yet. Well, why not? No, what's that yet? Well, we'll wait till somebody says it
Because if I do that then I'll have put on more than one myself and we're only allowing one in fact
Here's another one JK from Hollywood. We love you JK
But you got like a whole is plus. He's got the first one fast time a rich months high
Which that's gonna get a bunch of votes because here's another fact
So I've seen that one easily two thousand times and somebody called it and fast times a rich month high
So we'll put that on there. But if you put like a whole bunch of them
I'm just gonna smit can your facts, okay? Because they what's the point?
Right I get to name a bunch of movies
That's like asking me what's my favorite flavor flavor of ice cream and I list you every flavor
It's every hour like butter pecan vanilla chocolate is pretty I like rocky road
It's just not that difficult. I understand that we're requiring you to make a judgment make a pick one make a judgment
But every pool that we take where we let the audience you know kind of like build the pool
Which is great because it kills time in the audience in spite of the fact that they claimed on that one pool
We took that day believe me. This is their meat and potatoes man. This is what they can sink their teeth in who just keep that in mind
Mm-hmm. It's better all the miles. Oh, no, that's the last thing we want to hear is these long ponderous pool. No, it's not you love it
Plus I sneak in my bedtime stairs. We get all the good stuff in there
Don't forget Joanne Jokostello who used to be a hell of a good broadcaster
Joanne Jokostello today noon to two the Verizon wireless through a 33 33 North Federal Highway in Palpatau
Stop by to get some free Marlon's tickets for tonight's game against the Colorado Rockies and
Registered when tickets from upcoming home game. I still we're confused them. What happened with the all-star thing? Maybe it's a promotion that's over
Or maybe Doreen took Miguel's toys away. I don't know what the deal is Bill and for a lot of the else says star wars
Absolutely positive without an equic is answering star wars
Episode four a new hope the real well. Oh, wait a minute
So this is gonna be like Godfather where we're talking about oh
The movie Lucas made when he was broken talented before he sold a soul to the devil for it's beyond his wildest dreams and started to
Oh, that's right because all the other stuff is that's like that retro crap right
Now we don't want no retro crap. Okay, thank you Bill
Steve and Mimey says Neil George and Beener boy and Ace Ventura wanted a list
He's seen it a whole bunch of times and he says
Third man, okay got it Ace Ventura won
Got it. I don't even know what the hell I did. Ace Ventura pet detective. Oh
Okay, what were I having oh yeah, I didn't carry it surprisingly
Yeah, didn't suck and the second one was even better. You know, I liked him carry a lot
Yeah, but it's the movies he makes that I don't like I understand the second movie was actually funny
Was it really it was I was the product your word for it
I listen at me over at this stage of the way things are going
I'm not gonna have time left in my lifetime right to watch all the movies that I got on list now
Even the ones I got in the other room sitting there all the BVD's and my DVD's
Here's one that says if you like Motown music which I do love check out the documentary standing in the shadows of Motown
It's about the funk brothers Motown's sessions musicians have played more I'm more hits than Elvis the Beatles and the Rolling Stones combined
It says like you and George I've seen the Godfather dozens of times
Especially parts one and two I won't forgive Robert Duval for doing days of Thunder instead and
Winona Ryder to be your boyfriend Johnny to be with her boyfriend Johnny Depp for leaving Godfather to and giving us George Hamilton and Sophia Coppola
Pop had Tom Hagen and Connie look what we got
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ah
And then he's got a list of 75 other movies he's seen many many times, but
And it says if you had young children you saw the Lion King a little mermaid a lot also
But Godfather one I'm assuming after star wars in his case got it
Got all these got Godfather one cook who's nest gone with a wind clock recordings life of Brian
It's a wonderful life a Christmas Carol oceans 11 Beetlejuice national lamp wind vacation 2001 the space Odyssey
We're going to see.
What's that one with us?
Two thousand on a space travesty with Leslie Nielsen?
Right.
That's been out a few times, but I haven't watched it yet.
Can you see it?
No.
Can't be bad.
There's Leslie Nielsen ever been in a bad movie, I don't think so.
He's Canadian, eh?
We're going to see, Christmas story, JAWS.
You don't like Leslie Nielsen?
Of course I do.
It was kind of a pause.
You know what it's called?
It's like a long pregnant pause.
Like, eh.
That's what he was talking to me.
Interferring again?
No, it was important.
It was important.
Yeah, we were discussing Oceans 11.
I don't remember anybody saying that neither does he,
but nevertheless it's on there.
Oceans 11 was on a phone call.
Somebody did mention Oceans 11.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
See, this is what I put up with, folks.
I got the two beaners there in this studio.
And they just, and the reason they pulled us
and always come out the way you think it's going to come out
and things disappear, things get added in.
It's because I'm doing one show, and then the two of them
are doing another show.
Somebody called in and said, Oceans 11.
Now maybe you're hearing, maybe you have Rush Limbaugh disease,
maybe you're hearing is going to Bodia?
What?
See?
A Christmas story, JAWS, fear and loathing in Las Vegas,
canty-shack airplane, which was hysterical.
They're having a sale at JC Penney's.
He was the best.
That fruitcake, he was hysterical.
Leon.
Was that his name?
Mm-hmm.
He was a panic.
And also what's his name?
Lloyd Bridges.
He was sniffing glue.
It kind of reminded me of the momeister, you know?
I'll get to it.
I'll find it.
It isn't here somewhere.
I picked a bad date of quitsnith and glue.
Right.
Lloyd Bridges was upside down in that one scene.
Oh, first-buehler's day off.
Yeah.
A mouthy-style.
And fast times at rich man high,
it's going to get a lot of votes.
The exorcist network, and a spent-year-old one.
Is that actually the name is spent-year-old pet detective?
It's been-year-old pet detective.
Well, put on it, what I've been told you.
Like, I don't know what it is.
How about JC Penney's?
How about that MSNBC in the JC Penney's?
Well, you talk about embarrassing.
Have you noticed what you probably don't watch it?
And I almost never do anymore.
I don't watch CNN, under penalty of death.
But if I ever flip it around, I get to MSNBC.
They keep changing the times of the show.
It reminds me of the old PD Boulder thing.
When I was doing the last gasp of their talk format,
before they sold out and became Fox Sports,
with their marginal of fractional numbers.
And they're doing the same thing.
And they move a Ville press and a pet you can in.
They're on like five.
I don't know.
Nobody has any idea what time those shows are on.
The Big Fat Noctment, I think they just took him off
to the fat farmer or something.
And that's their new deal on there now.
So anyway, JC Penney, I don't think that show is ever
going to see the light of the day.
I think that when he did the interview with the soldiers,
I think that was it.
That was the nail in the coffin.
That was the one show.
This is what we put you on the ear for.
Was that?
And I think that was the end of him.
Awful.
We're lucky, Jesse, but get a life.
Get a life.
Find a real job.
Go back to wrestling.
That's his thing.
1041 at 560 W to kill me.
You know, Mother's Day is only the day after tomorrow.
It's just two days away.
Good news is that there's still time to send your mom, wife,
and grandma something extra special this year.
Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic
Vermont teddy bear.
She'll receive a beautiful little bear personalized just for her
and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy
in a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears like the spa ma bear,
a mom's biggest fan, or the new queen for a day bear.
And don't forget, dads, every year it's your job to get a gift
from the kids.
And the mother and cub set as a perfect idea.
They just add as many cub as you need with their names,
embroidered right on the cute little outfits.
They've got guaranteed Saturday delivery,
so her bear will arrive in time for Mother's Day
if you do it today.
It's more creative and thoughtful than flowers
at the last lifetime.
So call right now 1-800-829-Bair
and a friendly bear, a council will help you
tell her a bear just for her,
so she'll know you're putting some real thought into it.
Orderings quick and easy, just 1-800-829-Bair
is all you have to do or shop online if you like it
VermontTeddyBair.com.
This year, thank mom for all she does for you
with a Vermont teddy bear call right now
before time runs out 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
Ride and local!
We're sports radio five cities, you eight!
You eight!
Why the, you besties!
Secretly, wiggle and lull in the wig cover everjade.
You've all given me something to eat.
Apparently, just eat like the flake.
He's a bigger, I'll then reach you back.
I've got meat!
Now all the paper says...
He's got some public stuff!
Jessie's got a love child, yeah!
You put the baby in me just...
Well, the wash papers be fine, yeah!
Hey, you play, you play!
Like spicy, not mine, yeah!
He's in trouble, it would seem...
Oh, yeah!
What's up with that, Jessica?
The big part of Clinton's team, yeah!
Somebody in the middle of the house!
This was not MLK's three!
Damn, I'm hungry, isn't it?
Hey, Ralph!
The obel offense with his Ho Chi girl!
I made for two, now, Ralph!
Expensive suit and brand new cherry curl!
Maybe you get a little bit fat!
In the limo he gave her a whirl!
She'll be constantly without me, didn't make she wanna hurt!
Better give me some meat!
Jessie's got a love child, yeah!
Got the baby some soup!
Well, the wash papers be fine, yeah!
You're walking around and ragging!
He likes it spicy, not mine, yeah!
I'm gonna need some more money!
He's in trouble, it would seem...
Oh, yeah!
Give me some of that, Raymond money!
The big part of Clinton's team...
Oh, yeah!
Give me a little suck, suck, suck!
The baby in the middle of the house!
Well, I can't do it, Nick!
This was not MLK's three!
I'm hungry, baby!
You know who I am?
I'm low-green!
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders!
10.47 at 5.60, that's killing a man, Godfather one!
Now look at this, somebody just faxed me some of my mohawk racing stuff!
Yeah!
What do you say it would say, just stain?
Oh, is that how it sounded?
I mean, if I can't get pomp and a park copy, I can just get mohawk or race stuff!
Fastest qualifying race ever, art major!
151 and 1 at mohawk, in a qualifying race!
Oh my God, this was today, it must have been this morning!
151 and 1 and 1 and 1 and 1 and 1 half, 54 and 1!
Are you following that with Chris Christopher?
You know Chris Christopher, don't you?
Chris Christopher, son?
Uh, let's see, here's one that says, maybe we should say comedy or drama?
Or maybe we should make this a 40 part?
What comedy did you watch more than A of the movie?
What drama did you watch?
What, uh, sci-fi?
No, no!
No!
You know what, no matter what you do, like I've always said!
It's never the right thing. It's kind of like with my mother, you know, no matter what you do
It's not the right thing. It's not the way you should have done it. He didn't ask the right question
Baba, Baba, Baba Too bad, but she was a nice girl. Why did you like her?
No, my mother never said that.
Good morning and we'll be I can watch over and over again Mel Brooks Spaceballs. Okay, we got space balls on there. We do that
How about springtime for Hitler? Oh, the producers
Look at this. I wrote space for space for Hitler. Well, it's a lot of Hitler talk these days for obvious reasons
Spaceballs. Okay, Jane are
Listener and four-letter deal Jane says just to prove your point about censorship in USA and NPR this morning
They had their letters from listeners the announcer admitted they'd received a flood of letters about a story
They did about how a Burton's did bid free government contract, but the only letter they read was from a one who said
What other company can handle the job?
Then they went on to read two letters about Mr. Hooper on Sesame Street
Is that incredible?
No, very good. We have watched the most and I can still say enjoy it is blues brothers. Let's get that on here. Okay?
I saw that once that was enough and not that I don't like it Jane it was fine
How's John doing these days?
That good
Poor John Belushi, huh fat lots of drugs did
Just I was wondering if you may know whatever happened to a newscaster on CNN named David Gutteneau
What?
And she goes on I have no idea who that is. Yeah, I hope he's working in cannibal good lucky Jane
Jane's great, but she always put something on there that I have no idea what she's talking about I saw gaslight Jane, okay
Believe me. You're not fooling this kid. Although I do feel a little like Ingrid Bergman today
Like maybe today for lunch I'll go and give me a good steak
Well, didn't they burn her at the steak
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 team maybe even looking not quite as much as Ingrid Bergman
Here's a lady in Boyton Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, man
Hi, I was just wondering if I could just breakfast at Tiffany's how many times you see that oh
Probably at least three dozen times
Okay, you got it. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye. I'll keep listening. Okay. Thanks. Thanks
She's listening. I'm talking breakfast at Tiffany's Audrey Hepburn. I told you she was beautiful in Sparrow
You said she was scrawny. She was ruining bird lady
I'll tell you who else is scrawny is Jared Lido from Requiem for a dream. He's could use a couple of sandwiches. I was all know that smack
Well, okay, is that the idea that he had like a buck down right for that movie?
We might have a point there. Maybe he's not really that slim because I'll be honest a picture that you emailed me
See this isn't gonna go well for George's reputation
Which is already suffering from all the years he's been on this show. It's like marginal invest whatever
But when he and Carlos are both emailing me pictures of villain guys
Let's see where is the picture?
Where to go there he is. Yes, he don't look like real scrawny in that picture
No, so we probably like bulk down
He probably went like on a Karen Carpenter diet for a couple of weeks
Because he had looked like real anorexic because when you're doing his many drugs
Oh, we shouldn't be saying all these things. We'll give it away
When you're doing as much of that crap as he was doing and then he had that arm problem to you know
Oh
Talk about purple
Man, poiple veins
Mm-hmm purple veins not just your ordinary kind of like purplish but real purple veins and purple arm and purple
Well, I don't have that problem anymore with that arm
Just waiting for scenes with Lee Marvin one the best actor for this movie was worth watching this movie at least 80 times
He's hilarious as a drug and gunslinger and cat blue
Got it
Got to be confused with cat man do cat blue
Lee Marvin great actor. He's been dead a long time. Can we die from?
Smoking smoking lung cancer heavy smoker heavy heavy duty
It says the scene at the end when he was supposed to rescue cat from the gallows the Indian phantom on his drunken horse
The horse leaned against the mercantile building with its leg crossed said your eyes
Marvin said what's wrong with my eyes Indian they're all red bloodshot
Marvin you ought to see him from my side
That's that's cute
Let's see movies broadcast on TV you bet of course
I can't take it I can't stand it
No, you must have seen it sitting down and a movie theater with at least a whole bunch of seats
I'm third man right
If so and then to top that off then they adding insult to injury he was to he or she or it beast master and back to the future
Yeah, should we put one of money well because it's first beast master. Okay, okay?
Oh, I should smit cannon, but yeah broadcast on TV counts. Okay, it counts. How do you spoke up blue?
C-A-T
B-L-E-W
B-L-U-E
B-A-L-L-O-U
Beener boy got it. Oh, what an idiot. Oh, yeah, he's got it. Get out of here
Mania movie I bought some more times is tankman with the children has to do we have that on there? I thought we did that I thought it to we didn't
You see it?
I was talking about Charlie and Heston
Maybe we just I don't know
We screwed up well to them go thing they put that in there because otherwise we'd like we've a slighted portrait
There's got five votes. It's on air. Okay
Maybe I just didn't write it down, but this have five votes gone father once got 39 star wars 20
Wizard of Oz 19 Christmas story 13. It's a wonderful life. Nine
Whether you want to or not. I mean it like for the two weeks before Christmas. That's not every five minutes
In fact, I think it's a law now since Bush got in every year. They have to show it a whole bunch of times every Christmas
But third man at least that's the minimum
National ampune's vacation seven ten commandments six got six votes like I just said
Joss six caddy check five never watched any movie more than once five I
Mean you know to reach its own
Now you know, I'll tell you another aspect of this which I'm sorry that I brought up but since I fax about the
Look at this Neil Hector says a friend told me the scene of the parting of the red seat was done with Jell
Let's ask Charlton you son of a bitch. Oh, that's ready probably forgot
That's that's terrible or he looked really bad and that
Remember last week we both some on the news where he was doing that parting thing at the NRA daughtering he looked really shot
That he looked really bad horrible
But the point of making movies that you saw in the movie theater more than one now
That's not the pull questions. Yeah, I shouldn't even mention it because that'll cloud the issue which they're already trying to murky murky the waters up anyway
You see I mean obviously there are movies that are that great that when a first came out back in those days anyway back like in the seventies
You never saw the movies on TV for years if ever
I like it is now we didn't have no showtime and HBO all this stuff
So if you want to see movie again, you'd go back and see it again like sometimes the next day was so good
I can't think of any of that I ever did that one, but there are people who did I
Think that there were people went to see the exercises again, right?
Just didn't get their fill a pea soup the first time I
Hate pea soup
Never watched the movie more than once five two thousand one space out of C5 clockwork orange you got four there
Cook was nest three gone with the wind three life of Brian three Beatles Jews three for as viewers they off three
multi-spalcon three
Spent your pet detective three past times a rich mind highs got two
So I have a lot more than that Christmas Carol one and none yet for fear of loathing in Vegas the exercise or oceans 11 the
Exorcist has no votes. Oh my god somebody's gonna have to vote for that
Wouldn't you think you'd think you think that they'd get the feeling right now that they'd be on their way to their computer immediately if not sooner
Where the hell is it
The power of Christ
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line
I'll tell you one thing this week has just flown by you know since those great numbers came out
They really flew by and where somebody was telling me about that the the
Ratings party a couple nights ago. Oh, you know what Hank yesterday made a comment
I was in here doing my work and I'll open a pot to see if he's on he's okay, etc sounded fine
And he made the comment that was the lowest budget ratings party he'd ever seen
It was a low budget place and it was really crap and he was a moment grown
Now was he bonding with Mo with that party or not Hank was entering as I was leaving so I didn't see what happened once
He got in there. Oh you miss all the good stuff. That's what you want to hear about. Sorry. There's already a cheese
Hey Hank George wants to apologize. He had a hot drug deal going you know
He had to be there at a certain time in Liberty City
So just one of them things you know he did my Mrs. Dave Davey
Yeah, look I had dating Davey
1057 at 560 WQM. Oh, that's right. I forgot it was our friend in
Davey
Oh, that was his name ed
He likes to ask focus of place you out have a date with to go and stock up on all kinds of stuff for your low carb diet
If you're one of those people on the addkins or any of the other there is it is of low carb diets
This is a super store for and all I have is a item strictly for you nothing else
They're introducing right now their new almond snack cakes by control carb
They come in blueberry banana or classic almond each serving as only one effect of the gram carbs or sample delights
New chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs
If you like to crunch something chunk a crunchy and chunky and chewy try one of the three new flavors of low carb
Racket chips open wide for chunky so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecake's chocolates
Pasta and sauces ready to have the 600 low carb foods the lights of West
Book as a story you're gonna fall in love with because everything in there like I said is for you
You can always try it before you buy it too to make sure you like it
They've got an knowledgeable staff in no dieting inside and outside backward forward upside down
They're open every day seven days a week 10 to 10
They create the most complete line of Atkins brand's product of any story you'll find that even the best part is the Atkins products are always
25% off all day every day so head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the universe the lights of West
Boka you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to the Boston market or column tool free
1877 low carb check them out of the web if you like it low carb calm
Don't forget there's only one the lights of West Bokas your official Atkins retail center
Why are you
Brasted it's new and it's at Burger King Godfather Trilogy action figures
They're fun for the whole family collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and superlives drink and that's a
Superlives drink no exceptions get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you could beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out
Sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth
Wow, is it that great and press all your friends with the Don himself. I'll make him an offer
He can't reveal so start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures remember
It's only business and it's at Burger King
I will never get that movie. I don't care how many take oak any what grease ball come out of the woodware
And German Irish well, let me tell you something my crout mech friend. I'm gonna make so much trouble for you
You don't know what it was coming. Oh, I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer. We're new y'all
Who the hell are you? What are you gonna do? Nice college boy?
They want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to go down a police cap and want to slap you in a face a little bit
Huh? What do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away?
You're gonna get a post like this little thing your blood brains all over your nice side leaks suit
Come in, huh you're taking a sparey purse
I think your brain is going to start that side
Let me say that I swear
I'm a soul my grandchildren
That I will not be no other break the peace we made
Whatever I am done to make you treat me service with
Love no to a five sixty wq. I am history of the world part two somebody says part one
Okay
Got some suggestions suggestions from I think your partner. So you just suggestions from inside the building. Yeah
Scarface
Okay, and the road warrior
The road warrior ahead, okay
Mike and Cooper City, which is has nothing new with the pool
I'm assuming although we're very movie intensive this week a movie you must see is catch 22
Would somebody mention earlier and I said it should have been yesterday's for the best ending
The best anti-war anti-apocracy movie ever made not a great cast performances and oh, it's got a great cast
Performances script on my list of top five movies of all time
I don't know my more people don't know about it
I guarantee you like it says Mike from Cooper City. I'm gonna get it this weekend catch 22 got it you catch it
But yes young Frankenstein
Got it got it
Here's the thanks is I watched pretty woman with Richard gear and Julia Roberts a lot
I would watch it except Richard Gearson. It's why will not watch it period
But we'll put it on there pretty woman. We do like Roy the boy though
How's Robert's into instilled ed?
Groundhog day
And I listed here three times because it's a little repetitious
The dirty dozen I'm not even writing these down anymore. I'm just assuming you're writing. Yeah, I got writers cram
The dirty dozen
The hunt for red October it says how many times can TV show the same movie in one month about
Every time I'm flipping through the channels there it is not to stop and watch it says David in addition
Alec Baldwin should have continued the time fancy series instead of that lame old Harrison Ford
I don't think pick it on Harrison Ford. He's you know, he knew Alec Baldwin, but he's pretty good. He is layman old though
What's the movie we were talking about yesterday with Harrison Ford that was so damn good?
I forgot what life what about a huh what life
He's beneath more lives beneath that's the one and he's right. He's getting a little old and what he said old and lame
Now he was good in that movie
A lot of good underwater scenes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on 18 TV rise in line
Godfather ones got 46
What movie have you watched the most time Star Wars 24 not even close not even a contest
Wizard of Oz 21 a Christmas story 14
Airplane 13. It's a wonderful life 10
What do you want to see it or not there it is over and over so corny?
God almighty, but it's Jimmy Stewart's so it's got to be good, right? Yeah
Caddy shag 10 10 commandments eight jaws eight national anthem vacation eight o'clock work or in six
two thousand on a space Odyssey six work on a dialogue
first viewers day off five never watched
What what you can't complain about the dialogue because there isn't any never watched anymore than one still five
Fast times the rich mind high is moving up five mouthies falcon four the excess is got four
Gone with a win three life of Brian three. I tell you this if I was to pick three which I'd be like you know
Doing like everybody else is doing Godfather one will be number one network would be number two
And I think excesses would be number three. I watched it again like go about a month ago
When I first got the DVD player three weeks is that the one with the missing scenes or the added yeah
I'd say added to the one where she comes down the stairs backwards or hit us like best
That was the only one that I really thought did anything for it all that super imposed Pazuzu I could have done without
Pazuzu that was that demon that they kept showing oh
Yeah, that was no big deal, but once you came down the stairs backwards
That's kind of the thing with her hands like arms were like over her
I don't know how to explain it backwards. Yeah
She was great nobody gives her any credit for that. I know bad whatever happened. She's like huh, but James gave her a lot of credit
Yeah, yeah, no they were doing it for a while there a lot
They were doing it a lot they were doing everything. How do you know that big news? Right?
What what am I missing what I
I'm gonna say hot and toward thing they both how do you know they were doing it a lot? What is that they said? How many times a day?
What are we talking about they were doing it a lot yeah?
That's what they said
Well, great. I'm more ecstatic for them. I'm pleased this punch that they were doing it a lot
But seriously whatever happened her she vanished. She just disappeared
She made some movies remember you were talking about one of those ones that she did
As a matter of fact the spoof of the exercise right that was cute repossessed was that it right? That's right. That was good
She made some
Some bad low-budget movies where she showed her boobs which we all appreciate
Here's one to good the bad and the ugly Hugo Montanigro very good got it good the bad and the ugly wow
In fact Dan drunken brout what the hell was the name he was on here WKZ on Kalamazoo he once was playing that record
He said here's Hugo Montanigro the good the bad and neo-rodgers
I just happened to me in a car at the time Dan drunken bruh big fat. He looked like fat boy
Blazing saddles
Movie I've seen the most out and see here's a good fact movie. I've seen the most blazing saddles and just like this one the good the bad and the ugly
No song in a dance no top 50 no 400 no
Oh
Answering the question which is really quite a quite a reach for this crowd
If they reach out and just slap them in a head
Like El Martino that's kind of a quiet slap on her too. Yeah
I guarantee if synophrough would have been a room he'd have probably slapped him a lot harder in a cell right on the top of the head
Or had somebody else to do it for him
Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Good morning Uncle Neil. How are you good? How you doing? I'm doing really well
I have seen ghost busters a Gillian times. I can do the dialogue. I love them
It's just one of those movies that stays with you know you can just crack off a line from the movie in any situation
I I vote for that one hands down
Okay, thanks have a great day you too
Yeah, I'm thinking I'm an envious to say this because I pride myself
I know in so much of the dialogue from all three of the godfathers
But that line that she brings back in God's father three that I'm always chance-tizing with Connie says Michael
Now they will fear you now where do they actually say that in the first one?
Think of now they will fear you
Ha got you I'll get somebody in this audience will know we have a lot of godfather experts out there somebody will know
I'm embarrassed because we should know that yeah, we should now they will fear you they got the book over there
Don't forget Jolkash Stellar noonditu today to Verizon Wireless of 3333 North Federal highway in Pompo
Stop how to get some free Marlon tickets for the night's game and some other Marlon some crap
Let's stop. I say I had to go and tell them to push it up just a little bit one or two notches on that show it be good
But you're just a little bit. We don't have too many 10 year olds listen three four in the morning, okay?
I just mentioned it. I'm not trying to interfere. Okay, Santino don't interfere
Morgana King. Oh, let's hear it
You see if you keep hanging away enough over and over I finally mama Koryo name or Morgana King who is so great
And I think she died
Here's Pebbroke Pines. Hello
Yeah, no more milk. Yes, sir. Hey, how about James Island Bob strikes back
Excuse me Jay and silent Bob strike oh Jay and Silent Bob Oh those two goofballs. Oh, okay. You've seen that a million times
Of
And it keeps getting fun here. Okay, have a great weekend pal. He'll need it. Jay and silent Bob strike back
Now I will say this I still try to figure out what they were doing in an Afro man video, but somebody will tell me you already did tell me
Yeah, a line one that got the answer to the
To where that line came from you forgot about the Afro man movie with the Jay and Silent Bob in it
The Afro man movie the video I
Never saw the video sure you did
Where do you think we got the audio from mr. Well, I got it. He's he's doing so many of it
He's starting to get Norma Kenson drove now
Here's somebody with the answer to our question. Hello. Yes, hi. Yeah, are you great?
I have to answer your question. Okay. The opening scene when he's dealing with the
Undertaker and he wants
Any Undertaker wants to
Now have the you know
Retribution for what was done to his daughter and he said if you had come to me to the police and the few
Right, you know when he
He said then they would fear you yeah, and then they would fear you then they would fear you not now
Right then they would fear you see and I should know that cuz I just got through playing
When he says how much do I pay you and he says what have I ever done? Yeah?
Thank you not pounding you have a good day. Thank you so much
Ronald saved me from the whole weekend because we had the line wrong anyway, although that's what that's what she says and
Got father three kind of says Michael now they will fear you and he turns around looks at her and says maybe they should fear you and then it's so
Oh, it's so lame. It's so sad and you want to cry? I mean I still say it's a highly underrated movie
It's got a lot of good stuff in there
It's got too much of the truth that the people like Dennis can't handle but it's just really great
But it but they did so many things to try to destroy it and I think effectively they did a good job
Including her with a big schnauz
And the corny lines and bring it back lines. We've been through this a million times bring it back lines from the other two that don't fit in at all
Maybe they ought to fear you and
See that that's part of his you know his stick again where he does stuff. It's just so so lame, you know
He can be so brilliant and then another hand do things that he just says it in such a way like like we're watching a comedy movie
You know, hey, here's the funny. Yeah Godfather
Here's the comedian gangsters. They're a panic
1113 in fact, I probably their victims are lightly killed wouldn't you think oh yeah?
1113 at 560 WQM the number one Asian buffet restaurant is the Emerald Coast
They're in sunrise North Miami Beach and their newest locations in prestigious Pembroke pines
Emerald Coast is the perfect place to put a smile on that special lady in your life your mom this mother's day Sunday, May 11th
Start that mouth-awatering watering experience with six different suits
Then sample dozens of second and on phrase New York strip made warden the gourmet center a sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp
Scampie style jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon
Dungeon is crab and ginger and scallions and hand-carved frying room and lots more and be sure to look for the a new or anal chicken salad too
Don't forget no crap in the cooking of the Emerald Coast no MSG no corn starch and they use only cholesterol free
Orals and all the cooking at the Emerald Coast the buffet there features a full salad bar sushi-burned freshroom cocktail as well
And because your mom deserves it Emerald Coast features a full dessert station featuring pies and takes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings
The perfect ending to a gigantic feast on Mother's Day mom will waddle out there with a big smile on her
Pulse Emerald Coast three locations in sunrise. They're on pineapple at a 44th Street
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street North Miami Beach
And you also find the Emerald Coast at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines
Be sure and book right now from other's day because obviously reservations are very limited all-size parties are welcome
So let them do the cooking for you on other's day at the Emerald Coast take out and live available to call 9-5-4
572-38-22
9-5-4-572-38-22 a great place to take the ladies in your life this Sunday from other's day the Emerald Coast
Chinese
defour Joey sucked
If you do your job, pose bye-bye, hit say, when I come in a room you leave it you leave without turning around.
It's no wonder they deal as that long.
Your smile is the most difficult of the job.
Pose these five guys their job.
And now they're suing you when you're white.
Your smile is the most difficult of the job.
And keep you speak to me, it's mom.
So that your back slows your guard.
This kind of treatment just ain't right.
You slice the low.
See somebody says Rocky, let's get Rocky on the list.
A lot of people are also talking about Tadja Shire, so why not?
About Connie.
Put Rocky on there, then they will fear you.
Somebody says the sound of music.
The hills are alive with the sound of music.
Never saw it.
I'm making fun of it.
Never saw it.
And either of them.
I don't watch musicals.
I got no baggage in my life without certain watch music.
Oh, rain man.
I've seen that a couple of times.
Fear for.
Thought third man.
No, but by the way, yeah.
By the way, something.
Yeah, thank you, South Alcone for bringing us some more water.
Thanks, Sal.
Let's see, I understand that old fags and young beaners don't like westerns,
but I vote for tombstone.
Have a nice day in paradise, it says.
From Howard.
Oh, that's cute.
Tombstone.
Okay.
Perfect remote.
I don't put that on.
It's a joke.
I say.
And why did you fast me the gym, Sarni thing?
I already mentioned at the beginning of the show that they wasted a lot of time talking about this,
and Gully was hyperventilating this morning.
Why would he even dignify this with a response?
So I'm not going to talk about this.
About QM personalities and about outrageous.
Hey, Sarni, like I said, you're ugly or an idiot.
You wouldn't know a radio show if they stuck it up your ass, but we'll give it a shot.
Okay, get lost.
Go right about something you know about, which certainly has nothing to do with the broadcasting.
Well, what a different way.
I mean, why even talk about it?
The broadcast columns and the sports broadcast columns.
They have in the newspapers here as opposed to the juvenile sophomore at Crap.
You're reading South Florida.
Here we got four major daily newspapers.
South Florida's got two marginal papers that the parakeets jump out of the cage when you try to put it in there on the bottom.
They jump right out.
Got five or one 57 votes.
Star Wars 32.
Wizard of Oz 24.
Christmas story 16.
I'm only going to give the ones with ten or more.
Caddy Shack 13, airplane 13, jaws 12.
It's a wonderful life 11 and the 10 commandments has 10.
So you'll be benefit of that.
Commandments are like 12.
Well, or nine.
That would be really bad, but it's got 10.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What movie have you watched the most times?
What one movie have you watched more than any other movie in your life in the theater on TV on an airplane as a child?
As a child, as an adult, as a human being from the time you were born until this moment right now, until a second.
Got it? Have I made myself clear?
No.
Well, let me try it again.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Hey, me. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
How about the Josie Wells out low Josie Wells?
Excellent.
I'm really.
I think I ever saw it.
Do you never saw it?
No, I don't believe.
Oh, man.
George is probably seeing it.
Like 20 times, at least.
5, 30, man.
Okay, man. Sonner, thank you.
Oh, Lord of the Rings.
Like I said, it's on there. Thank you.
He's starting to move on to other Lord of the Rings. He's moving on to other names now.
See, I was so impressed there because you said, yeah, absolutely.
And then he's starting with a directive.
I'd let him on. He'd probably name another one's now.
What one movie have you seen more than any movies?
What one flavor of ice cream?
Oh, good. God. It's so hard.
It's just, it's mind-boggling how difficult it is.
It's so hard.
You're right, sweetheart.
Hard is a rock.
Don't start talking about that Aaron again now.
I think that being a word probably blushes every time I mention that name.
I can't see from here, but I almost can.
The infrared glow coming from his pus.
Do you really expect people to believe?
Yeah.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Light.
He broke this too much on that thing.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Tamarack.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I didn't understand the question, Neil, but I had it.
I've done, no one's going to beat the Godfather.
There's nobody.
No one's going to beat that.
I know you're going to puket with, if I say Billy Bob Dort,
and I didn't even know who he was, but Slim Blade was my first,
before that other call, I said, a bunch.
But I would say the most I'd say is one of the first Columbus,
which ties in with Leslie Nielsen, in a sense that I've watched it so many times.
It puts me to sleep.
But Slim Blade, I've watched so many times,
that it's just fascinating to see.
See.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, we're fine.
Now, what do you say?
Sting Blade.
560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marvellous Line.
Here's a call from Crayl Springs.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen to you, and what about Blazing Saddles?
What about it?
Is that yours?
Yeah, that's my favorite one.
Do we have that on there?
Georgia?
I thought we had that on there.
We do.
Oh, it is on there.
Okay, I didn't hear it before.
That's why.
What about one more?
Can I ask for one more?
No, no.
What do they do?
What is wrong with you, people?
Don't you understand the answer is,
you can't do more than one.
Pfft.
Crank it up.
It's enough to drive you up, Ian.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Pfft.
Can I add one more?
No.
Two more?
No.
Five more.
How many more?
Not third, man.
He'll still be.
Have you noticed I should point out?
It's Friday.
Yeah.
Have we had one person, well, I'm not talking about that.
Obviously, I've noticed very alertly and enthusiastically.
Having had one person call it and said they saw a Requiem for a Dream,
which we just planned some music there,
or happiness, as a result of us talking about this.
Right.
Gully, what are some of the other ones we've talked about?
Memento, which I still haven't watched,
and one guy says,
if you get through the first 15 minutes, it'll be a miracle.
How about the Minnesota Wild, by the way?
Oh!
He's going there, boys.
If you'd mentioned that,
I know you're very hockey intensive,
Wild Up Sets Vancouver.
Right there in Vancouver last night coming from two bulls down,
and went in four to three.
And they're going to the semi-finals, the conference finals.
Boy, the networks are crap in their pants.
Oh, brother.
The Minnesota Wild, the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, Ottawa Senators,
and the very terminally boring New Jersey Devils.
That's the final four.
The ratings are dropping like a rock.
Man.
NHL is in big, big trouble, deep crap.
You can smell it.
It's very sad.
Great sport, but badly to shift Gary Bettman,
Bob Goodenheim, all a bunch of idiots.
A lot of greedy goofballs out there.
Guys that'd be out there shoveling snow
in the middle of July somewhere,
way to hell up north by the Arctic Circle.
These guys are getting paid $78 million a year.
Couldn't spell Georgia's name if they're like dependent on it,
with a G-O-R-J, or an H.
And there you go.
Not kidding enough.
Well, we don't want no salary cap.
We don't want him by telling us a limit on what we can make.
Okay, whatever you guys say, okay.
Good luck to you.
Good luck to your shoveling crap.
How do you like that?
A qualifying race in 151 and 1.
Can you believe that?
What?
20-Sit.
Go talk to Chris Christophe Robota.
Maybe Randy Welfl, who he pulls us straight now.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
The Neal Deals just keep rolling along.
Just like in the case of Ahns,
go rollin' along so to the Neal Deals.
At Halipane Echo, talk to our good buddies, Tom Lim and Joe Paredo,
and all the nice folks at Halipane XGMC,
you'll enjoy car shoppin' every cause they treat you like a munch.
Here are the special Neal Deals waiting for you right now.
Neal Deal number 1 gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiacor GMC in stock.
Neal Deal number 2, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 Pontiac GMC in Pontiac in stock.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car truckin' stock and attention,
current and form a military personnel, get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halip.
And of course, Halip, like always, has a tremendous selection of certified pre-owned cars,
trucks and SUVs that you'll fall in love with, and if other car dealers say you're credit sucks,
they don't care.
Halipane will cut you deal some way somehow, even if you want a new Defo.
Don't forget to stop by Halipane Test Drive, the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix wider at it too.
Halipane X GMC, they're unbelievable, they're unbeatable, they're 134-1,
South Dixie Highway in their open seven days a week too, that's US-1 right across from the falls.
For more info on those Neal Deals, call the Neal Deal Hotline Tool-free, 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211, keep in mind all Neal Deals subject to credit,
approval C-D-4 details. Halipane X GMC, even a competition agrees, they are professional grade.
Halipane X GMC, we're supporting you on 5.60, 2am.
Come on, too long.
Get taken a staring person.
They watching the shows, so stupid everyone knows
that the driver was first.
The first analogy might be the worst, but I gotta tell you, I sat and watched it in his way.
I hope the fast-slow Grand Prix might not even stay.
I think I got a truce, a truce, a free-assity TV, what I see,
to this day that's on MTV, video, the poll of American Idol,
say, a friend, find out they should wear their pants.
I'm praying at church, don't let them cancel their search,
but say, my soul, I even like an anicole, extreme week over,
show me your air and lie your heart, don't need no actors,
don't need no script, don't need no parts.
I think I got a truce, a truce, a free-assity TV,
meets my folks, Monday that's on MTV's page,
I'm so sure, I'll be watching big brother,
sick, upscrew, just give me women, I don't.
Oh, number 33, 27, I'll know in five, 60.
In Candy's check, I do like to see where he and Bob Barker get into that brawl.
I don't know, golf course, is that Candy's check?
Isn't it? No.
That's an out of his handler movie, that's a happy Gilmore you're talking about.
Oh, happy Gilmore, like I said, happy Doug Gilmore.
Hang it up by the way, Dougie, enough's enough.
What am I getting confused about the golf movie, see?
Right, they're all the same.
Now, here's one, how about Animal House?
We better get that on there right away, because certainly on QAM,
I would say Animal House, if we had the sports arts voting,
Animal House and Candy's check, just beat everything else hands down.
Right? Okay.
Because if you tune into any of our sports shows,
anytime that they're talking movies,
they don't talk about the Godfather,
they're certainly not about network,
any of the stuff we're hearing about today,
they talk about Animal House and Candy's check,
and maybe on Happy Gilmore.
You'd be unhappy too if you tore up your knee in the first game back.
Anyway, here's one, going my way with Bing Crosby.
Oh, I watch it every year at Christmas,
and I cry every time.
Got it going my way?
Okay.
Don't sound hostile now.
I'm not.
Yes, you are. Is he hostile?
Yes.
In your pool, why is there an apostrophe in the Blues Brothers?
Oh, I don't do the spell.
It says the Blues with the...
Because Eric's an idiot, or probably Beanervoy done it.
Huh?
Sure, why not?
Who's responsible for the spelling on that?
There's no apostrophe in the Blues Brothers.
Singing the Blues with an apostrophe?
The St. Louis Blues with an apostrophe?
Come on.
It says, is Eric an illiterate check-ass or just a Schmidthead?
Well, we'll take a poll.
Or is it Beanervoy?
Like I said, we'll take a poll.
Now, Eric's very fussy about the spelling.
Even though he screws it up most of the time.
So he don't mind being corrected on that.
Unless it's Beanervoy that's directing.
Then he gets really hostile.
It starts eating just frustration, eating just jammed it down his push.
Here's one, Bachelor Party, since Peter and Miami Beach,
Bachelor Party with Tom Hanks never saw it, never heard of it.
But Peter says he's seen it.
About 30, man.
A zillion times.
You seen it?
I've seen it.
And it was okay.
I can't imagine seeing it more than, uh...
Why?
Whatever.
Okay.
Now, Slangblade.
Now, we already had Slangblade from that inquirer in call or moments ago.
But here's the, uh, monkey around, man.
Maybe that was him before doing a voice.
The monkey, man.
Slangblade is, as I've seen it, about 100 times.
Billy Bob Thornton, he wrote, directed, and started a movie.
Where it says, here, stared in the movie.
It's fantastic, movie, heartwarming, and compelling.
Go see it, superb.
What do you mean, go see it?
Go see it.
Where am I going to go see it?
Living room over there.
Oh, okay.
Is that count?
Sure.
Okay, we got that on there, Slangblade.
I'm not, like I said, I'm even writing to many of these now,
because the list is out of control now.
Started out with...
Not 30, man.
And now it's more like 300.
But that's okay.
I knew there'd be a lot on here.
Different strokes for different folks.
325 movies.
I mean, votes.
Look at the list of ones that don't have any votes yet.
Which I have for the life of me.
Oceans 11, and somebody did say that.
You listen to the goddamn tape, okay?
I think you're a teaming up with Tom Jerker.
Trying to get him to write something about you.
Did he ever write anything about you?
Oh, remember there was that one article
where you were grooming me, because the show is like Fitty Fitty now.
Oh, yeah, oh, I got it.
Wait a minute.
I got it here.
Oh, yeah.
Now maybe I finally schmit came.
I must have tossed it over.
We're getting real yellow and still kind of like Tom's head.
And that's right, I'm grooming George to like fill it.
And I'm just going to call in this show for many more around a world.
It's the mood strikes me.
Right.
And they're going to pay.
And then there was that the same story about Greg ought to have,
you know, how he ought to have sleepless nights,
because he's never going to know what I asked for next.
That was the same column.
Right.
What I'm going to demand, excuse me, not ask for what I'm going to demand next.
Did I demand this studio here?
No.
No.
Tom, it's just amazing to me the lack of concept you have of what,
well, why haven't I go into it?
You know, he just, it's so frustrating.
Which is why I won't talk to those vosos anymore,
because you tell them one thing, you try to split it into me,
you try to be like, you know, right up front.
And then they write something, whatever they want to write anyway.
Oh, gee, but I wrote nice things about you.
But how about write something accurate for once, okay?
Just write that I'm a miserable prick.
That would make me happy, Tom.
Write something about the guy they win a rating book.
You're in town.
Why not write something that somebody would give somebody some information
unlike Kevin Bastard, who just writes about,
here's the top 10, 12 plus.
Wow, that's having pretty heavy duty.
Hey, Joyce, this is Tom Tricker.
Would you just pass along to the LNM,
but the reason I call was that I thought maybe you could help me out.
I've been trying to get those goddamn ratings.
Jeff Lindsay's going home sick.
Josh Darryl says he doesn't have the authority to give them to me.
You know, I'll call Greg Reed.
I couldn't get him.
So, you know, and then the last number they gave me was to call you.
If somebody would get me the goddamn ratings,
I'll tell you what you think is going on.
Quit swearing Tom.
Anyway, I'm only kidding, but that is the problem
and I do want to do a story on it.
And I'm just having trouble getting them.
So I'll talk to you.
Bye.
Yeah, we'll talk to each other.
Tom will be on a 10-30 night after the Marlon baseball game.
I hope you people give him what for, okay?
Let him have it.
Let him have it.
Tom, that we're all fired up and pissed off
about his refusal to deal with the fact.
I mean, Moe finally had a decent book.
Finally, we've been waiting over a year for this.
They're all my, yeah, a year.
Finally, has a decent book there in the morning.
The Humper went back up a little bit.
You're pretty good, although the Schmidt,
the Schmidt, mysterious, just beat the Schmidt out of me.
You know this?
Yeah, well, wartime.
Mm-hmm.
War time, rush time.
But anyway, there's a lot of stuff going on.
But little Tommy, you'll never get it from him.
You'll never get it from these two newspapers in South Florida.
You can bet your life on it.
You can bet Tom Jek is life on it, okay?
And I'm telling you, even the guy that introduced
the resolution of the Brown Commission who called us,
Randy, whatever his name was, the lawyer,
which he's probably busy with a life.
But you would think that he would have written him a letter.
Letter to the editor saying,
how come you buried this story?
You didn't put it in.
It's a major story into all the other newspaper.
How come that's not in there?
Who's to say that he didn't?
I don't know if he said that.
That was going to be my next point.
In fact, maybe he did.
And they're just selectively not putting letters in there.
Shh.
You talk about managing and burying the news.
And I don't give a crap what anybody tells you.
That's a major story.
It's a hell of a lot bigger story than some Jackass
loud mouth talk show host with a gigantic ego
is getting maybe tossed off and maybe not
from the diversity board, which has got a whole bunch of members on it.
Not third of me.
Yeah, which doesn't do a damn thing anyway.
It was just a figurehead bunch of crap.
Got little Brian Craig on there.
Oh, Steve, can I be just like you?
Steve, can I be a right wing hateful piece of crap like you, Steve?
Oh my god.
Scandalist.
Scandalist, but that's the level they deal on.
You know, it's just that's the level they operate on.
Two of the worst god damn newspapers in the history.
You know, what was his name?
Gutenberg invented a printing press, right?
He would take it back.
He'd say, you know something.
If I knew that they were going to put two newspapers out like that,
I would hide it.
I'd bury it.
I'd put it right down to basement.
There was a spaceship at Tommy's house, Tom Walling's house.
By the way, don't forget this Tuesday night.
All you perverts out there, Tuesday night, it's the flesh night.
And actually he was kissing Lon on a preview.
It's about time.
Talk about a little bit slow.
I think even in my lifetime, I kiss more girls than Clark Kent.
I'm telling you.
And if I fact, I know it for a fact.
You know, don't just stand there holding your hand, Clark.
I mean, just looking at any eye, just reach over and give her a little peck on a cheek.
Something.
It'll be super.
Man.
Now is there a comment that he has a wife you know?
Who does, Tom Walling?
He does?
Yeah.
Since when? He must have just got married.
I don't know.
It wasn't one of those inquires, the latest ones.
Are you serious?
That's fucking bad.
Oh no!
That fucking bitch.
I wonder why they don't talk about that a lot.
For the same reason, they don't talk about Josh Morris got a wife now too since Dan Stewart was on our show that day.
Oh, we're fine.
Hey, for Mother's Day and he's got a wife and babies popping out of there like crazy, like two every five months.
Just to really try to prove it to you.
Anyway, it's a perfect time with Mother's Day on Sunday to repay Mom who spent so many sleepless nights pacing the floor as watering if your nasty ass would ever come home again.
Daldamackris has the perfect mattress for your mom so she can get a great night's sleep.
If it's saggy, lumpy or just worn out, then call our friends at Daldamackris and get it all straight enough for her.
1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES.
Daldamackris has a complete line of all the top manufacturers in the world.
They got SIRTA, SELEE, KING-KOREAL and SIMINSTITUES from.
You're sure as hell don't want Mom's sleep down some lumpy or worn out thing that you wouldn't put your ass on, so do something about it.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the way you feel than a great night's sleep.
Call 1-800-MACRIS. I always do what you ought to be doing it too.
It's the easiest way to shop for anything in your lifetime. Daldamackris gets more repeating referral customers.
Oh, and I found something I can't tell you this. A new candy?
Oh. Don't let me forget my Daldamack. I'm not...just don't want to do this to the audience because you'll be able to get it there.
You know how they have these...well, you know score bars. Right?
How they have these bags of like Reese's peanut butter...what do they call those things? They're like M&M's, they're like in plastic bags.
Reese's pieces. Reese's pieces? Yes.
And now they have score pieces. In other words, they're...trodd they're round like...
Oh my god. Yeah.
Anyway, Daldamackris gets more repeating referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you buy a mattress and Daldamackris you'll never go back to a showroom again.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress and Daldamackris this is one of the best deals.
Not only do they show up on time when you want them to be, but they also set up and move the old bedding for free.
Let me say it again. Daldamackris sets up your great new fancy fancy bedding and takes away the crappy old soil bedding for free.
So this mother's day have mommy sleeping like a baby on a great new bed from Daldamackris.
Gifts certificates available all the nominations too. So call right now.
There's still time call 1-800-MATTRES. That's 1-800-MACRIS.
For Daldamackris, they easy and intelligent way to get you a great night's sleep.
Friday you bastard.
Myzner.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir?
Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir we're just scouting locations.
Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me.
What sir who's done with New York City Times Square for now I can treat.
Hey no I'm screaming.
I'm screaming.
I'm crying off the vacuum.
I'm screaming. Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay boss.
Myzner but sir look what we don't admit down man had 40 seconds reason incredible.
I don't know what publicly I supported that but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me. I'm going through Gavoscow like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me but much don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Rowan's stage.
$128 million.
Now you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
Three months.
You got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the vacuum cleaner.
Okay boss.
Look God.
Sir the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God you're still running James Bond movie.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put steamboat really on and be done with it?
Please don't.
I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Rowan's picture.
Now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
Oh it has signs.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign yields sign.
You've got to start swinging some of these titles past me.
Please.
Oh what is it?
Remus.
Remus.
Here you go.
I know you can't hear me.
Remus.
Yes sir.
I'm on the backup planet.
Here's a number of them.
Run the van.
Get on here.
Remus and take that blue bird.
All right.
Yes sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean?
I'm about done with you.
What?
Bad done.
I'll put Hannah Starr in your job.
You're terrible.
I'm sorry.
I put Remus in there.
I don't like it.
They present it at Disney Remus.
Oh my.
What a wonderful day.
Get on here.
You're not back.
That's still the best one.
No doubt.
The problem is still new and boring.
We got faxes up the ass here now.
Can we say a.
Go with the ass.
I did something terrible.
I hate to admit this.
And I wouldn't have to tell you because you never know.
Yeah.
After that came into my mind again about these score bites is what they're called.
Yeah.
I went into the other room.
I went into my trash bag.
And I dug down to the bottom and here's the I mean it's empty of course.
But here's the package.
A score bites is what they're called buttery toffee crunch enrobed in rich milk chocolate enrobed.
It's not a good one.
Score bites.
You've never had these?
No.
Don't start.
You can take fish food.
You can take Nestle's a turtle.
You can take all those other things and toss him down that hole in the floor in Paris in your hotel.
That hole in the flow.
Because score bites.
Oh god are these.
They're so rich and so you know how score and heath bars are like very very rich real sweet.
Well that's what these are.
And what makes it even worse which I also don't have to admit but I'm.
Are you looking at him?
No I'm sniffing it.
What?
No it's still got to smell of that stuff in there.
Are you kidding me?
It was only from two days ago.
The aroma.
Wow.
I'll tell you what.
I'll just tell him it's a it's a SARS mask.
It's a fancy.
In fact if you turn it around it's just silver on the inside.
That's my SARS mask.
Oh my god is that.
I'm gonna get rid of it okay.
All right.
Until one o'clock when I'm gonna go run out and get about four bags more.
Okay back to our poll.
The poll question is which I forget already.
What movie have you watched the most time and you know something I have a red this article be I'll save the facts for a minute.
A nation of cowards.
Oh please.
Yeah.
Told you.
Sydney Hall Jr. wrote this no relation to a Joe Mars junior.
Sydney Hall Jr. is a poet and publisher who lives in New Hampshire.
And he writes a nation of cowards.
For a brief moment after 9-11 we recognize some genuine heroes in our midst.
Those who put their lives on the line to rescue strangers.
And those who put their own needs in the back of needs of others in the middle of tragedy.
The celebration of this heroism may have become a little gaudy but it was sincere.
Since then we seem to have become a nation of cowards celebrating illusions.
There was a precedent who in reaction to the devastation of 9-11 does not act with four barons curiosity to understand the root cause and as a world leader.
Instead he lashes out at blurry targets with more force than we were met with.
This is not the act of a brave man.
This is the act of a coward.
There is a senator who sees his country yawing dangerously off course.
And for the first time in its history of using its power openly and shamelessly.
The senator says nothing though he knows better because he's afraid of an emotional backlash if he engages in rational discussion.
He's afraid he'll lose the next election.
This is the act of a coward.
There's a citizen who's unable to think.
He succumbs to fear believes every scary story he hears buys duct tape for his doors and windows when a bit of thinking would tell him he's in more danger from getting into his car.
This is the act of a coward.
There is a journalist who knows there were young children dying in hospitals in Iraq where their body is horribly disfigured as the result of our country's doings.
And he will not show pictures of these children so that people can weigh the consequences of war for themselves.
He shows pictures of massively armed Americans and reports every coalition news release as gospel truth.
This is the act of a coward.
There is an attorney general who's so scared by events that he's willing to subvert the very essence of what we would normally be fighting for.
He wraps his subversive activities in a cloud of confusion.
This is the act of a coward.
There's a citizen who hangs a flag out on his house as a sign proclaiming that he cannot think that it's enough to support our troops whether what they want to do.
What they're doing is right or wrong. This is the act of a coward.
There's the soldier who fires into an oncoming vehicle carrying a family with women and children because he thinks they're coming after him.
This is the act of a coward.
There's another soldier who fires into a crowd of civilians when somebody throws a sandal at him.
Sure is young scared of death by the situation he's been unfairly drawn into.
But he doesn't wait for a real reason to fire. This is the act of a coward.
Another soldier trains the barrel of his tank on a hotel full of journalists and fires. This is the act of a coward.
A soldier stands by while hospitals and museums are looted and anarchy descends on a great city. This is the act of a coward.
Many of these are scared kids put into an impossible place we should pity them, but that doesn't make them heroes.
There's a reporter who for a forbearance to report how scared and unnerved these kids are for fear he might undermine his president. This is the act of a coward.
A member of the U.S. Congress goes into his cafeteria and renames French fries, freedom fries, because he's unable to take any criticism from another country.
Even the country that helped pave the way for American freedom in the first place is it's the act of a brave man. No, this is the act of a coward.
A scholar who advises the White House concludes that force and fear are the only way to win the cycle of terrorism that perpetuates itself because of force and fear.
He doesn't even think about finding the reasons for the problem or the solutions. This is the act of a coward.
And the president comes forth smirking and swaggering, dressing in military garb and gloating. We've seen him from the worst of world leader.
We've seen this from the worst of world leaders before, the stallions and hitlers, and though our president may not rise to the same level of evil, he resembles them uncomfortably.
They are the leaders that did what they did and smirked and swaggered while they did it because they were essentially cowards too.
We have it seems at last become a nation of cowards. Cowardists has woven itself right into the fabric of our lives. A nation of cowards except those who aren't and there are many.
And the heart of every American there is a bravery waiting to emerge if someone would come along who'd call on that bravery.
If another Martin Luther King came suddenly to our midst, you'd see bravery flower everywhere overnight. We are all of us after all just human.
Sydney Hall, Jr.
Pretty damn good stuff. It's hard to take.
But it is absolutely correct sir.
Okay, here's some facts. It's unlike some of your polls where I find it hard to narrow it down. This one's easy for me. The Great Escape.
This movie was my favorite when I was six years old. Still enjoyed today a tremendous cast when their sighting story loosely based on fact.
Whenever it's on the cable, which is often I'm sucked in the same issue with a godfather, I started watching the Great Escape many years earlier.
Lot of years. Right.
TR in Hollywood says how about the Matrix? Watched it a couple of dozen times. It's in the VCR in the spare room all the time turning on and watch forward, backward upside down whatever.
I'm in there. Got it. Also TR said you'd notice they moved crossfire to 430 for only a half an hour because there was too much liberal talk. Right.
And an obscure time when the latent drive time when nobody's watching.
Yeah, no great loss though. You know. It's hard to see that bow tie.
Kind of hard to choke a guy when you get pissed off at him if he's wearing a bow tie. You know.
Or pick up the TV. Richard's alive. I'm guiding light. Just in case anybody came to watch in the last couple of days. Richard's alive.
That's going to be a tough one to explain away.
Reve went to jail for turning off the life support after got into a car wreck and he died months ago. Okay.
Now all of a sudden only on the soap operas. He's alive. He's back.
U H F by weird on the anchor. Somebody says features local girl Victoria Jackson. You got U H F got it down.
It gets funnier each time I see it and I've seen it a lot much of time.
Dr. D man. Side splitting fall off your seat funny.
Here's another one from somebody trapped in Boko says I have a movie you might might not be familiar with, but you should watch it if you get a chance.
This is spinal tap is probably one of the funny movies ever made. It's a documentary about a fictional 70s English group.
What was the movie that the ruttles Zeptomani Python one? Yes. The ruttles Rob Reiner wrote directed and started.
This is spinal tap a spoof about the music industry since you're in the entertainment visual appreciate themes of censorship.
Soul and ego is like Moe and general chaos. I've seen this movie about a hundred and about 30 man times man.
We enjoyed a hell out of your show list as much as we can for once for the bedtime stories. We wouldn't know what was going on out there.
Also Georgian Weston says growing up in the late 60s early 70s the movie MASH would be up there also Mr. Poies today.
But a movie I think you enjoyed might enjoy is Roman Polanski's the tenant very bizarre movie with a very bizarre ending.
I says you in Georgia you didn't mention being a boy because probably the Roman Polanski's movie so being a boy in order for that.
Yeah right. But yeah got MASH on the list would do now MASH it Godfather one what movie have you watched the most times in your life not as an adult not as a child in your lifetime since the day you were born broadcast TV.
My rush limbo does he just kicked in I didn't hear a thing you said Godfather 169 see Star Wars 42 Wizard of O's 31 airplane 19 Christmas story 19.
Caddy Shack 17 draw 17.
Now the reason I couldn't do that happy Gilmore thing I can't stand what's his name that punk fits in Adam Sand.
Oh you can't stand him you like him no.
Oh National Influence Vacation 14 for his viewers day off 12. It's a wonderful live 12 and the other one in double digits the 10 commandment has guessed how many.
The third man 10.
Why I am local here sports radio five 60's you a you a.
I am from Ilya now.
Rush Lateman and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near okay.
I'm gonna Easter hour.
I can't.
I think my purpose is right.
Hover and hussar is burning right through my role.
Push push push push why we said fight every other.
I don't know which way to go.
The explosion burning swarper.
Thanks the truck.
It's like.
It's like.
Burmose.
Just a bridge of what's a bird must.
Burmose.
Burmose.
I'm going to a five 60 W K M the mad dog the angry puppy hostile harm belong a one hand in the studio three and we got that Marlon crap Tom jicker parade Kaplan after the barling game tonight.
Calling give me some answers to some questions that he's avoiding innovating they won't do it.
They won't do it anymore than the even read letter to the editor in a and either one of our newspapers.
Can you believe that nobody wrote letter about that Broward commission of resolution.
I don't know about the Patriot act.
I can't believe it. I think you people are suppressing the news at the sunset on the goddamn Miami hero.
Okay, I think that's what you're doing trying to cover your tracks.
Oh, that's not a story.
Let's put it about 40,000 more words about Mr. Ego and about about Miriam elephant.
Okay. That's all people care about.
Jesus.
K Christ.
You know what I'm thinking?
What?
Nestle's turtle ice cream in a big bowl.
Melted down in the microwave for a few seconds with scores bites and with cream on.
They're not forget about and marshmallow on top.
Drizzled with hot fudge.
Oh, stop and cherries.
Oh, and some of the cherry some of the cherry juice from the bottles.
You know, drizzle around the edges.
Oh, I think I'm my blood sugar just one up 80 points.
Maybe not 80, but a lot.
30 minutes.
Oh, stop it.
You ever had scores bites huh?
Not yet.
How about being one thing I was seeing being a woman and everybody like chocolate.
Your taste is in your Tush man.
That's what Muff said.
That's what he told me.
He said pretty tasty.
Tush.
What movie have you watched the most times in your life?
That's our full question.
We're spending half the time on a show trying to explain the question, which is good.
It kills him good time.
And then once we once they understand what the question is, then they say, oh, well, we'll get back to you.
Godfather 169 star wars 43 was it about 32 airplane 22 and then you look from there.
5 6 705 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and see if we rise from wireless line.
I think what I'm going to do is if I'm if I can't have because I don't want to sit around here on a Friday night listening to a stim stupid show.
I think I'll tape the jitter thing while he's on.
I want to hear his lane answers his lane excuses for why he does such a piss poor job covering what's happening in the local media this time.
Oh, I'm sure he'll address all those issues.
Well, in other words, no, now one person's going to have the foot spot the balls to call in and put them on the spot about it.
Oh, geez.
Maybe didn't talk about the dog track.
Here's my any hello.
Okay, sir.
Did anybody answer your Godfather question about and the Godfather one when did they say?
Yes, he did.
Bono said that was the beginning of the movie.
I know you probably might not agree with it because I don't think you like it.
Well, it's got nothing to do with it.
I know, but it's one of the movie that I've seen probably the most in my life.
It is the major.
Okay, I think we got that on there.
No, we just put it on there.
We just we just stuck it on there.
All right.
I'll put you have a good day and you two see whether I agree with it or whether I like to or not is totally irrelevant.
That's what makes this so easy.
You're not going to have to convince us of anything.
If that's the movie you've watched 50 million times, that's what we want to know about.
That was a question of whether George agrees with you and I didn't have to get his seal of approval today.
I'm like most other pulls when if he gives a look at your cross, I forget it.
He gives like just the wrong sound like it.
Come on, get on there.
Come on, let's hear it.
Oh, and those people that are waiting for the mad dog and that were you a drudge packing.
Now do we have the one that he did that we couldn't use?
We have the not yet heard new one.
Were you drudge packing?
Oh great.
Well, what have we been holding back on that for?
We were just told.
You mean to say that my psychic powers kicked in again?
You got it.
I just loaded up right now.
No, three minutes ago during the last break as a matter of fact.
Are you shmitting me?
I'm telling you seriously, I'm not using my psychic powers to the fullest.
If I would really put my head to it, I could just say, hey, screw everybody.
Hey, Greg, have a nice life.
Go get a haircut and I could just put my go to the track or do something.
See, my problem is when I go to the track, I allow myself to be influenced by certain other people.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to mention no names.
Now, certain other people.
Oh, the forearm's up great.
It's all a crap about who warmed up like this, you know.
You could be the gypsy queen.
Yeah, or at least part of that.
Were you drudge packing?
It's great.
Oh.
That is sensational.
I like the enthusiasm puts in it.
In fact, wait a minute.
Let's play these back to back.
Let me play this one first because this one isn't quite as mighty.
I mean, it's fine, but were you fudge packing?
Were you drudge packing?
Yeah, see that one has just a little bit more enthusiasm.
That's called mad dog.
Thank you.
See, he's always there for us.
He always obliges.
He's got a sick twisted sense of humor.
And then of course, there's the hump.
I still want to get a fireport how the hump are bonded with Mo with the ratings party the other night.
That must have been really, really something.
Probably what started off on her on the right note was when Hank walked in and looked up at him and said,
you asshole.
They probably put on a good footing right off the bat.
Those two don't get along to them.
In fact, I think there's probably even a worse strain between those two than there is between me and Mo, you know.
You think?
Well, at least Mo agreed to let us do that keychain thing.
The warrior somebody says, okay, you got that.
The warriors.
Now let me ask you, how come you're faxing me all of these?
Why not?
What couldn't you just read it?
I could, but who the hell wants to hear me talk?
That's a good point.
Like I said, keep faxing him.
Otherwise that one guy of quality.
Wasn't that yesterday?
That was yesterday.
It was great. He was sucking Carlos's ass.
Unfortunately, he agreed with everyone else.
Five, six out.
He was...
That guy was on Carlos's ass too.
That's a boy.
Popular ass.
Like that one bit we got, it's yours getting pretty crowded back then.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, that's that Casey crazy bit.
Here's a call from Poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
A cool meal.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how you doing?
Good.
I've got one movie for your poll.
This one.
Okay.
And I'm really surprised that nobody's mentioned this before.
All right.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Oh, yeah.
Something that was just on a...
I mentioned I saw a few days ago.
And there are people who have gone to that every Saturday night.
Right.
Like a church meeting for years.
There are people in America who've watched the Rocky Horror Pictures show more times
than they watched The Nightly News.
Right.
And if they're honest with you, I think that a lot of people love for that.
Amen.
So I wanted to have that to your poll.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great week.
And I love the Dutch packing.
That's great.
I think it's...
That's priceless.
Thanks.
Have a good weekend.
You too.
Now what's this movie?
Nagasaki.
Instructions were precise.
To the north, Japan's greatest torpedo plant.
To the south, steel, and arms were located in the heart of the city.
The bomb was aimed midway between the two plants to cause greatest possible damage.
Because the plants were located in a valley surrounded by...
Yeah, but you're not getting that good stuff down here.
No.
And that channel we see we for madness.
And what's that other one?
Oh, the F word.
I told you.
Every now and then you see the video from that.
And then see the original one.
I mean, it's the God, the voice.
Lots of work came from.
How do you like that?
You're not going to see it there.
Sure.
For a school for news is in pre-16.
Oh, there's a...
There's a...
There's a...
Oh, a nasty.
Have you ever seen the other one?
I don't want to go into it.
And there's Robert Duval.
Dr. Angus must have hit his grin.
And so doing against...
He sees the tango and gets hooked on it, which is a different animal to him.
And he gets hooked on the tango.
Yes, so it's a kind of a connection of the two cities that way.
You know who you are?
You're my brother, right?
You're my brother.
You're my brother.
I'll be honest.
Everybody wants to say anything about it.
We look to you.
This will go from here, us, to that, to the big screen, complete screen, but credits.
But what are we talking about?
Let's go to one.
I ain't like that.
Robert Duval, one of the great ones, the unsung hero is of our lifetime.
Just love Robert Duval.
But the guy was right about the facts.
He should have...
You know, that would have money, okay?
Right.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
He should have been Godfather II and III.
Why does everyone have to be a freaking mercenary?
Right.
Like I said, screw him.
Okay.
Good actor, but screw him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
And Boen is here.
My favorite movie, the movie I've watched the most, and the movie with the best ending is once upon a time in America, a long version.
Right.
And the reason why I'm so intrigued by that is because at the end, after Max jumps into the dumb truck, it flashes back to noodles.
And the opium then.
And he's smiling.
And the question is, is he smiling because he has all the money?
Or is he smiling because he knows that Max is still alive?
I think he's smiling because the Kishka just thought I thought out.
No, you're right.
It's a good point.
Because of what?
Oh, cool.
Yeah, somebody's Kishka's just spilled out.
Yeah, I thought that...
You could see the Zitz flying from James Woods' face in that scene.
Right on the garbage truck?
Yeah, but when they flashed in the long version, they flashed back.
Yeah, no, I understand what you're saying.
Just joking, yeah.
Yeah, if you recall, if you they flashed back to him, they were killed.
After he saw the bodies, they had to, they were in the flame.
Right.
And he goes to the opium then and then he's smiling.
And he's making happy.
Yeah.
But the question is, did he know that Max was alive?
Right.
Good question.
What is that?
We'll never know the answer.
That's why I keep watching it.
I just see if we can figure it out.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
What's upon a time in America?
Let me say it again.
A really very good movie.
Great cast.
Robert De Niro.
James Woods.
You want to punch in toughest?
Remember that?
Yeah.
Although I think he said, took us.
You could tell us the boy he's trying to play a Julian on.
Jews don't say took us.
Who said that?
He said it took us five years to make this freaking movie or something like that.
James Woods said that.
Oh, he said too.
James Woods is Jewish?
Oh, God.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You know, who else he played?
He played the right coin.
Speaking of where you are, a drug packet.
1213 and I see great similarities.
There were only right coin.
At least it was an attorney.
1213 at 560 WDQM.
Hey, Richard Mellon's scape is, uh, where the hell did I have that?
I've got some really great story about Richard Mellon's scape.
A great website.
Maybe we'll do that over the weekend.
Send it along to Beenerboy.
We'll put that on there so people really get the history behind the story of who's pulling the strings
and pumping all the money and all this right wing crap that's going on.
All this propaganda machine that's going on.
Richard Mellon's scape.
Farbissen.
1213 at QA.
I mean, on Mother's Day is just the day after tomorrow.
This year, why not surprise her with a gift of relaxation from the inner retreat spa and wellness studio.
Where she'll enjoy a true spa experience.
The inner retreat spa and wellness studio is offering a great Mother's Day package for just 99 bucks.
Mom's journey will begin at her arrival where professional licensed staff members will greet her with soft music, candlelight, and hot tea.
To receive a relaxing, revitalizing facial followed by a massage designed to relieve all stress and her neck, back, and shoulders.
All of these things for just 99 bucks.
The inner retreat spa and wellness studio is located at 726 Riverside Drive and Coral Springs right next to the Outback Steakhouse.
Call 954-34162-20 for more information.
Mention WQAM and the first 25 people will receive a free Roman therapy candle or organic specialty soap and a silk pouch with their Mother's Day package.
You'll find them in the Coral Springs at the Coral Springs 726 Riverside Drive next to the Outback Steakhouse.
Call 954-34162-20.
Don't forget this. You do something really different and really neat for mom with a true spa experience at the inner retreat spa and wellness studio.
954-34162-20.
My and local. This is 4356.
You way, you way.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead from the bush cartel that left us all this way.
We'll meet again.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
Get the honey you get.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead from the bush cartel that left us all this way.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again with a whole that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
I think it was George Dunnett, didn't he?
Right. 5.670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I mean this is a very scientific thing. When we get that one this pull on Monday we want to make damn sure that it's right on the money.
Here's a call from Daniel. Hello.
Hi, how are you?
Great.
I have a list of a bunch of them but I'm going to have to go with Pope Diction.
Okay.
You don't like full fiction?
I don't have to like it for it to be on the list.
Okay. Can it be on the list?
It's on the list right now because you said it.
Okay. Wonderful. Thanks. Have a great day.
You too. See she's upset because I didn't like it. See it just because I mean you might not like scores bites.
Carlos don't like it. He don't like chocolate.
That means more for me.
I see I don't understand that. I know that everybody's got different tastes but I get for the life of me.
How can anybody not like chocolate? That's the first I've never met anyone.
Have you ever heard of anything like that?
Nope. I just can't even envision it. I can't imagine. I only wish that it was me.
I thought that was a universal tie that I wish I didn't like anything sweet and I didn't like pasta or any kind of a tad in food like pizza.
If I didn't like any of that stuff, you know how many pounds that weigh?
About third man.
Pops soaking wet. See how more evolved.
You're what? I'm more evolved. I'm the next step in the human evolution.
He's a mutant is what he's trying to say.
A mutant illegal alien which is a special category.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and say you're going to have a webfoot dry foot policy for them.
Yeah. No. In his case, it's the wet back dry back policy.
Or when when duck gets older, it's the old bear back policy.
We just got a call from a friend of yours that uh that agrees with me that he doesn't like chocolate either.
Moses.
Yeah.
So there's two of us mutants.
Yeah, but there's one big difference. He looks good.
He can afford to like whatever he wants. Okay.
In your case, your options are very limited.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Yeah, I need a lot of sound now, but um I got a movie, but I'd like to comment on that uh editorial.
A sound editorial. You read it a while.
Which one is that?
Yeah, you're breaking up a little bit. Which one?
Um, that is an edit.
Early read.
Uh, I can't hear a damn thing. You're saying call me back or I'll come back to town.
Okay. He's on this way to hope son. Could you understand what you say?
The uh coward article is what he was talking about.
Yeah, but I couldn't hear what he was saying.
Could you? No.
Oh, 560708. Now somebody's going to say, see he'd wanted to disagree.
I don't know whether he agreed or disagreed.
I don't know what he wanted to say, but I couldn't uh can't leave it on here.
Get a real phone palette.
It when it works like more than 10 miles about.
Here's a North, North Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a my favorite movie of all time. I've seen it about 30 times.
Yeah.
All right. All Newman, George Kennedy and Strabber Martin and cool hand Luke.
Cool hand Luke was great.
That's a great movie.
Okay, you got. All right. Thanks.
Yeah, cool hand looks on the list.
Do we have a Rocky or a picture show on her yet?
I don't see it.
I know it's in the middle of one of Eric's lunches right now, but I don't see it. Do you?
No. Did you pass it long, beater?
Yes, sir. That one and a whole bunch of others.
You know that brother also, my mentioned him the Blue Brothers still has an apostrophe on it.
We don't want to leave it like that all weekend long because people will start making all kinds of cracks about you and Eric all weekend.
For days and months to come.
Let's get the apostrophe out of the Blue Brothers.
How do you put an apostrophe in the Blues Brothers Carlos?
My bet.
How do you do such an idiotic illiterate thing?
Probably too busy looking and pictures of Aaron to get it right.
See how many months has he been working on this show and it's already staring to rub off?
It's either that or it's because he's Cuban. I think probably the latter.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Well, see at least he can say here's a good looking guy without getting all uptight about it and all concerned.
Although we did put in gigantic letters about his heterosexuality, humongous letters.
And you know something I think in your case is probably a good thing.
Here's Al Portell. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
A movie like the lady said the Rocky Horror Woodstock was the one I've seen the most because of the movie.
Oh, really?
Midnight movies for a buck and back then there was no music video.
So you could see people performing in it.
I've seen it probably about 150 times.
And had to be stolen every time you watched it.
I'm sure.
Right.
This week since you were talking about movies, you brought something to my mind because you always talk about network, life and matating art.
There's another movie like that being there.
If that's not frigging chancey garden in the White House, I'll kiss your pimple fat ass.
Okay.
Later, Neil. Thank you.
I don't have a pimple ass fat. Yes, not pimple.
Not yet. All the way to minute.
Oh, five six seven oh five 60 is called like a pimple.
Pound five 60 on a game.
Maybe it was a, uh, a squirt's bit on a way out.
Hmm. God.
Why do I do that? I apologize for doing that because now a whole bunch of people and then they'll blame me.
Right. Remember when I was talking about smarties?
Mm-hmm.
Smarties are okay. They're like sweeter M&Ms. They're better in M&Ms.
But, uh, these things make, make smarties and M&Ms taste like dog crap. Okay?
Wow.
No, I wouldn't know firsthand, you know, but for those people who have had dog crap.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello.
Neil, what's going on? Yes, sir.
Move you have seen 20,000 times.
Will he walk in the chocolate factory?
Will he walk his chocolate factory?
Don't say that with the Carlos. Listen.
Are you serious?
One for you with your lover boy, Johnny Depp.
Nightmare on M Street.
Oh yeah, I love that.
I love it. Okay, thanks.
Yeah, Johnny Depp hits the ceiling. Squirt Squirt.
That movie would blood, unfortunately.
You saw it, right? Sure.
Nightmare on M Street, part one.
It was okay.
I don't think I'd ever watch it again.
Especially now, I haven't seen Donnie Brasco.
I got my Johnny Depp fixed from Donnie Brasco.
That was a really good movie.
Even though we had like almost no calls about it, that's okay.
Nobody went out and saw happening.
You get a call or a fax about that.
Although they must be on a verge of watching it
because all the copies have been gobbled up.
He says they're talking about it.
Here's one that says there are a lot of movies I've seen.
A lot of times, but the one that I've seen even more than
a godfather is, Casablanca.
You must remember this.
Let's hear a duff singing it, huh?
People see us everywhere.
Ah, play it.
They think you really care.
Yeah.
But myself I can't to see.
Duff, get off this incident.
I know it's only make believe.
Poor Duff.
Poor neurotic, unappreciated Duff.
I want an only prayer.
Oh!
I hope my dreams come true.
Roll!
Oh!
No, I will never know.
No.
How much I love you so.
Okay, that's enough.
Poor Duff.
Poor unappreciated Duff who is so desperately looking to fight his real nitch in life.
He's just doling around right now.
Can you see I haven't noticed?
Yeah, I love it.
Did we put Casablanca on there?
We did not. You must remember.
Also, I never heard whether you say,
I prefer Godfather 1 over Godfather 2.
I like to combine.
Yes, I do like to combine the trilogy as a matter of fact.
But Godfather 1 is far. I don't care what anybody says.
Godfather 1 is far superior to Godfather 2 except the course for the Myrlansky
business, the Hymen Roth part.
That was good.
The Hot Pills here are empty.
I mean, now things are coming back.
That's a good news for Toronto.
It's coming back, baby.
We're SARS-free pretty much.
A couple of people in the hospital don't want to give it up.
But other than that, we're okay.
And Mike Myers will be on the Earth sticking in your face on Leno.
28 past noon at 5.
60 W.
You know, Steve Wolf must have bailed out of town too.
And Dick Feinberg and Troy Stratford.
They're all out of town together probably.
Maybe they're worth a qualifying race at Mohawk this morning.
Because they still haven't fixed me any new Pompa-Dopark copy.
So I'll just make some up.
Don't forget, we got a live racing at Pompa-Dopark.
Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, three nights a week, seven,
fifteen, and fifteen tonight.
General parking is free. Admission is free.
Every Wednesday at Pompa-Dopark is dollar-night.
Dollar draft beers, hot dogs, sodas, and lots more.
And we can actually come out any day of the week, seven days starting at noon for a
Simal Casting from tracks all over North America through a bread harness and highlight as well.
And don't forget, we got the Freakness.
I mean, the Freakness coming up from Pimpleco next Saturday, May 17.
And Pompa-Dopark will be featuring Simal Casting of the Freakness as we do every year.
Early bird weightiering is starting.
I'm just saying this, I don't know.
But I'm assuming, based on what we did for the Derby.
Friday, May 16th at 1 p.m. next Friday.
Watched Wage Re-Enjointed Crowds on Saturday, May 17.
For the Freakness from Pimpleco in Baltimore at Pompa-Dopark.
Pompa-Dopark, I'm a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
Don't forget, great live racing, 7.15 tonight every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
My and Low. This is 4.2560.
You weigh 2 a.m.
The Canada you do, bastard.
And it's in.
Well, everything's as I most has been burned in the shine.
This is right all in palaces and blue on this yacht.
No more idle Lord, these are not shit for the fools.
They'll be no more who's safe and ladies to stay crows.
Good day. Call your brother, could you stay?
Tell him that there's no way.
No way they'll be going on a spanked cruise.
Six-two-guided men is the jiffy star.
Hey! What are you doing to my yacht?
All the crew could do was watch the birds.
Hey! Watch out, smart car, go away.
People we built on Van Dyade was told to be safe.
Now it looks even worse than the Titanic.
One new engine, decay their research news.
There'll be no more who's safe and ladies to stay crows.
Good day. Call your brother, could you stay?
Tell him that there's no way.
Oh my God, no way they'll be going on a spanked cruise.
Six-two-guided men still sitting in the smile.
I thought they hit that star.
One new highway, staying with the spanked man.
I can't get out.
Everything's in double, says we've burned up a shot.
This trend all is bad, this isn't blue, I'm just yachts.
No more wilder, these are the shippled fools.
They'll be no more who's safe and ladies to stay crows.
Good day. Call your brother, could you stay?
Tell him that there's no way.
Tell him that there's no way.
No way they'll be going on a spanked cruise.
Oh, listen to him.
Drop in the proverbial bucket.
We're gonna live it up, we're gonna wail, dog.
No, this money goes for buying plans without the city manager.
The rent? You know, for a run.
Which way is sweetheart?
Drive straight out along short island sun to the old criminals home.
Oh, I love to see Commissioner Gordon space now.
Incredible.
Yeah, absolutely.
That's what Commissioner Gordon said.
Well, I'm sure glad they put this on at this time now.
Batman's usually on in the afternoon back to back episodes.
1234, here's a horrendous story, and I'm not gonna believe this.
129 sucked out of the rear door of an airplane over the Congo.
Do you hear such a thing? Yeah, just now.
The rear door of a Russian-built cargo plane burst open as the aircraft carried police officials
and their relatives across Congo and 129 passengers were sucked out.
That sucks.
The defense minister, Oroheng Awan, confirmed there was a technical problem with a plane's rear door.
You think?
Provided no details did not confirm any deaths among the 200 people on board.
This is what I don't understand.
After the accident occurred some 45 minutes into the flight,
the pilot managed to turn back and land a plane in Kinshasha,
Awan said, the plane with its rear dormant and could be seen on the airport tarmac.
Two officials at the OIC, two officials in the International Airport in Congo's capital, Kinshasha,
independently told the Associated Press that 129 people were fear of dead.
Nine survivors were being treated for minor injuries and psychological trauma.
How is it possible that nine people could survive getting sucked out of a plane?
I mean, if it's 45 minutes into the flight, those are the ones that weren't sucked out.
Are you sure?
I'm pretty sure.
Are you sure?
It says 129 passengers were sucked out and 129 people were fear of dead.
So we have to assume that nine survivors are the ones that weren't sucked out.
And that what you just said?
That's what you're saying.
Well, I don't know.
It just came across the wire to just sout it and grow test.
And when I first looked at it, it looked like the headlines said, over Chicago,
when it says Congo, and I thought, holy crap.
Greg and Sunrise is my single most watched movie is Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Not necessarily my favorite, but I've seen it about 30 times.
Also, I missed your favorite saying's pull, you know, that ain't my favorite is why don't you go back to Canada, you Jew bastard.
I go to Hollywood quite a bit, so is it pretty often?
He goes to Georgia's neck of the woods.
In fact, if Greg from Sunrise ever sees Georgia, probably say,
Why don't you go back to Canada, you Jew bastard?
And we didn't even know George was Jewish, like Dave Johnson.
I'm taking classes now.
Break down Kurt Russell and Liar Liar, Jim Kiri.
Here's somebody sneak two on of this. I wish we wouldn't want to put on either one.
Whatever.
Well, we can't put them both on.
The first one.
Let's not put either one of them on.
Okay.
The other one is good.
They're not going to get any votes.
What movie of watch the most times in your life?
Godfather 177, Star Wars 51.
I told you this morning, Star Wars.
Did I?
Yep.
Wizard of Oz 39, airplane 25, Christmas story 22, clockwork or it was Georgia's.
I voted for the Godfather.
Now, how come nobody has said Godfather to?
Good, Kurt.
Should we put that on there?
Sure.
Because there are people who do like it better in spite of my opinion.
My opinion doesn't count on this poll.
I need to be yours, being her boy.
George 20, Candy Shack 19, first viewers days off 17.
It's a wonderful life 16, actual ampounds vacation 16, Scarface 13.
The 10 Commandments 12.
He got a couple extra wholesale.
Fast times it reached about high nine, 2001 space Odyssey 9.
The good, the bad and the ugly seven.
Animal House 7, Blazing Saddle 7, a Christmas Carol 7.
The Blues Brothers without the apostrophe.
Thank you.
Seven.
Maltese Falcons got the six.
The Exorcist 6.
Never watched any movie more than once still in E5.
Why do you think that would be?
They lie a lot.
No, I think maybe because they just never saw that could have a movie.
They've got to be movies that you want to see more than once if they're really great.
Or maybe they don't have a TV, maybe they don't get out much.
Yeah.
Kuku is nest five.
Life of Brian five.
A spentura pet detective five.
The hunt for bad October five.
The duty doesn't five.
The road warrior four.
Space balls for Beetlejuice three.
Also three for Gone with the Wind.
Two votes for Cat Balloon.
Groundhog day two.
Sound of music appear.
Rainman.
Rainman's only got two.
The outlaw Josie Wales two.
Oceans 11's got a pair now.
You have a little faith.
The Matrix has two.
And one a piece for fear and living in Vegas.
Pretty woman.
Breakfast activities.
Bachelor party.
History of the World Part One.
This is spinal tap.
And what's the part of time in America?
None for Ghostbusters going my way.
Catch 22.
The Great Escape.
Beastmaster.
UHF.
Mesh.
The Warriors.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show don't have any.
I know it just went up.
I don't have any yet.
Are you smitten me?
Nope.
Slinglay don't have any.
The Spy who shagged me.
JFK Pulp Fiction.
Cool Handler don't have any out of 470.
But they will.
This is the Polish Friday.
So it'll be up there all weekend long.
The votes will come pouring in now.
Not that they finally got something that tickled their fancy.
You think they'll come pouring and you watch.
22.
I wanted 5.
60 WQ.
Mother's Day is Sunday.
Let me take a drink.
Ah.
In fact, what I should do before this spot is I should sniff some more of that package.
It's in the trash again.
Hmm.
Mother's Day is this Sunday.
The good news is that there's still time to send your mom, wife, and grandma something extra special this year.
How about we send something to her?
What's your name?
Gold, uh, Sarah Gold Farm.
Yes, she needs something.
Some pills.
Show them how much you've got.
I appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
She'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears like the spa mob bear, the mom's biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear.
And please keep in mind, dads.
It's your job every year to get a gift from their kids to mom.
And the mother and cubset is a neat idea.
Add as many little cubs you need with her names embroidered right on the outfits.
They've got guaranteed Saturday delivery.
So her bear will still arrive in time for Mother's Day if you act today.
It's a lot more creative and thoughtful than flowers which die and wilt in no time at all.
And this gift lasts a lifetime.
So call 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear counselor.
We'll have you tell her a bear just for her social know you put some real thought into your gift this year ordering as quick as a piece of cake.
One easy call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
This year, thank mom for all she does for you with a Vermont teddy bear.
Be sure and tell mold neopoldy to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
in Home Natasha drums,
Erik Played Home fanわか钱
aisia substitution
floorscape
Strada
Schema
Hạ江
gr界
Retermine
Lor교
Sm插
Bet on
Wel for
chuther
8
oversight
Mün
19
Self-hating Jew, who wears panties underneath his suit.
There is a meek on fairy's sofa.
Gotta get married.
There is a fairy and he's gone again married.
Self-hating homeowner, he's got a marriage.
Don't stand up the white house, oh mo'er.
He's a fairness, that hooded smoke with a blow of dawn.
Of young as strong, does what he stole for.
Fancy brown hole, and he never eats tuna on a roll.
There is a screaming, lifting fairy's hoots.
Gotta get married.
There is a fairy and he's gone again married.
Self-hating homeowner, he's gone again married.
Homeowner has the comfort of.
Homeowner has the comfort of.
What about close encounters of the worst time?
Close encounters, let's get that on there.
Don't get started on the score.
There are some people who never had a score bar.
That's right, if you want to become like Sarah Goldfarb,
instead of popping pills in your post, you'll be popping score bits.
SKOR, I can't believe nobody ever had a score bar.
Now, being a boarder like you, because it's a candy bar.
Is there any kind of candy that you do eat?
Skittles?
Oh, geez, that's nasty stuff.
That's for little kids, spittles.
Yeah, he eats spittles.
That's what Duff said.
Oh, my God.
Why do you hear that thing about singing for your supper, haven't you?
That's where that song came from.
That seriously isn't there any kind of real candy you like beside chocolate?
There's like, help me out here.
What other, like, those slices, those fruit sliced things in the sky.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
This is almost as good as farting in the shower.
Almost.
Let's see, Todd and Hollywood says, speaking of the Taste of Dogcraft, the second most ultimate midnight movie is Pink Flamingo's with Divine.
But that's not his choice for the list.
His choice is, it's a mad, mad world because it came out when he was a kid, he unleashed the 30 times.
Also, it's his, he has its obvious to me why Joe Costello sucks now.
He got married.
Every married guy knows an effing idiot including me, so Todd and Hollywood.
See?
That's what happened to poor Joe.
He used to be pretty good.
Not great, but he was, he was coming along.
And now he got married and his whole act is gone.
And you warned him.
Didn't you like that?
I tried.
Oh, yeah.
And you know what?
It's not too late for Miguel.
I keep warning him.
Oh, is he going to get married to that fine-year lady?
Yeah.
It's too late.
No, it's not.
He'll tell you.
It's too late.
What do you mean by that?
Well, they're engaged.
You already cut him off?
Oh, they're engaged in a fee.
It doesn't go follow through then she will cut him off.
Well, yeah, we'll see.
Here's my thing.
What is a guy like him after we're about being cut off by some broader?
I mean, she may be very, very nice, but he can get pretty much whatever he wants.
Right.
What if she cuts it off?
Well, there you go.
Here's the fact from Wally and Broward who says,
I'd like to respond to the fact that we proclaim Catch 22 to be a great movie.
Catch 22 is a perfect example of great novels that don't translate to the screen.
And I will say this 99 times out of 100, the book is better than the movie, including Godfather.
Joseph Heller wrote Catch 22 and arguably is one of the great modern American novels,
Sucked as a movie.
Way too complex to capture Hell's message.
Thankfully, no one made Hellers second novel, something happened into a screenplay.
Talk about your one-hit wonders.
It says, I've reread Catch 22 numerous times over the years.
Maybe that's a future pull.
Now Wally then comes back to a sense.
It says, no, then the audience, I have to read books.
He wants to nominate Song of the South.
Song of the South for the pull.
How do you like that?
I, Snorke!
Keep that blue bird out of here, Wally.
And, John and North Miami Beach.
Did you read this thing?
Did I?
About the censored bits in the CD.
The answer, John, is to make a long story short.
No.
Can we be intimidated?
Can we be put in our place?
Yes, we need the work.
What's some of this other stuff we can, whatever?
And plus John North Miami Beach has got three on here.
The warriors.
Did we put that on here already?
Yes.
Yes, that's on here.
Grease and murder by death.
Let's put murder by death because Grease is John Revolta.
And even if he has seen it a whole bunch of times,
who else is in Grease?
Olivia Neutron-Bom.
Oh, Olivia's Neutron-Bom?
Oh.
You know she was very de-Mantla-Panzi.
I guess you do know that.
Oh, now there is a movie I've seen several times.
I thought that it's in a running with Godfather.
My tutor.
Okay.
It's a QC movie and Matt Latanzi looks real good.
And so did what's her name, whoever they plays the tutor.
Yeah.
You know that movie?
I know it.
I'd tutor.
It's a you tutor, yeah.
I'm sure you would.
And of course he's running out like mostly naked.
Most of the movie, Matt Latanzi.
What ever happened to him, huh?
Age.
Very Malphia Newton, John.
Oh, geez.
You know, I really do need to read that speak of that.
Nick Kristall started holding the New York Times today.
No time to get squeamish.
At least part of it.
Because it should give you an idea of just how I'm not exaggerating.
It's getting more and more frightening by the day.
And if people would just open up their eyes and ears and listen and do a little reading of their own,
and they're posted like reading the two crap fish rappers down there,
they'd be starting to get pretty nervous too.
He says most AIDS scientists are terrified of these days.
They describe which hunts by neo-Puritans in and out of the Bush administration.
And many are so nervous that an email and research app strikes the avoid using words like gays,
homosexuals, amelsex or sex workers.
So scientists that the National Institutes of Health and Elsewhere are devising their own secret code.
I won't give it away, but one term stands for gay or homosexual, another for anal sex and so on.
I would recommend avoiding all electronic communication to any NIH office,
one scientist born in one of many emails, no, it's buzzing among AIDS researchers.
Phone communication does not appear tapped at this time.
Even so, I'm advising staff to speak in code unless an NIH staff member indicates you can speak freely.
In short, assume you're living in Stalinist Russia when communicating with the US government.
As my time's colleague, Erica Goodnode, in breaking the story last month,
researchers have been told by NIH project officers to avoid sensitive language and grant applications.
A University of California researcher, for example, was told to cleanse the abstract of his grant proposal
of words like gay, homosexual and transgender.
Since his research was on HIV and gay men, this was a challenge.
How can scholars investigate how AIDS spreads without using words that make the religious right blush?
Perhaps this seems like an obscure issue, it's not.
The fundamental question is whether elements of the Bush administration are politicizing science,
using budgets advisory committees in the fear of embarrassment to chill the way that science is conducted in America.
And then it goes on.
In fact, one more sentence, if I can, can I do it? Please.
He says, especially in the case of AIDS, which kills more people in two hours than SARS has killed in total,
vast numbers of human lives are at stake in America alone, 12,000 people by every year of AIDS,
the difference between solid scientific research and pseudoscience will be measured in millions of lives saved.
There you go.
Yeah, but careful the word you say because we don't want to alleviate the Christian right,
they're very sensitive and touchy, etc.
It's still killing mostly faggots, right?
Oh my God.
12.54 at 5.60 wqam.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories,
you must go to a great place, Barbecue's the Lord.
Here's your self ahead start on the barbecuing season with the perfect grill and accessories all at the Guarantee Lois prices in the universe, too.
Now through Sunday, this Sunday, Mother's Day, by any gas grill over $149 and get free assembly and free propane.
That's correct, free assembly and free propane.
And don't forget it is Mother's Day.
The Sunday Barbecue's Lord has got incredible gifts for mom, everything from a new grill to backyard accents that will make it a nicer place for the family to spend time together.
Don't forget, please.
For all your barbecue needs at the Guarantee Lois prices anywhere shop barbecues, galore, everything you need for barbecuing,
they're in Plantation and University Drive in a fountain shop,
skull 9.54 4.2 3.14 100 in Coral Springs, at 74 85 West Sample Road Corner, Sample and Rock Island's,
called 9.54 757.6668.
Got it? 757.6668.
And don't forget, free assembly and free propane gas on all grass bills over $149 this weekend at Barbecues galore.
We're supporting you 560.
It's you AM.
Thank you, Miss Mary, for your service.
The Middle Eastern World will be exploded to dom at people killed with the gas that we sold in.
First time aggressive nation and the only one that's growing, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea and the notes they're talking about are right.
We is drilling it over and over into our hips, okay, that iraq has some.
Memphis of master's structure, dirt.
3000 people killed, I'm now forgotten, let's exploit them instead,
Ate their oil to be cotton, going after satan to,
Plankato, Samma, there's no longer mention of the name in law,
but no one seems concerned of me and complacent,
believe in every word of this cartel of administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right.
Wean is drilling it over and over into our hips,
that iraq has some weapons of master's structure.
