Radio announcer suffers heart attack during morning program.
Hi!
Newport, Oregon.
Long time, Oregon radio announcer Andy Harley.
I hope I'm pronouncing their latest H-A-R-L-E, I guess.
Like, you're kind of like Harley, I'm guiding light.
Suffered a heart attack yesterday during his morning music
and trivia show on KPPT FM and Newport,
the station official said, Newport, Oregon.
That is, Harley 55 was working radio for about 30 years.
That'll do it to you.
Was rushed to Samaritan Pacific Hospital
in Newport, listed in critical condition
after a massive heart attack about 730 AM
since station manager Larry Blair.
Actually, you know what he said on the ear,
just at the moment that he had the heart attack?
No, it says music was playing when the heart attack began.
Harley did not come back on when the music stoppler said,
an engineer continued the broadcast with music.
Thank God for those engineers, you know what?
Yeah.
Harley was also the owner of the station, nicknamed the boss.
Hmm.
Oh, boy.
So we'll try to keep an eye on that.
But that's a bad signer.
30 years in a business guy was only 55 right there
when he was playing music, music and trivia
and had a massive heart attack.
Anyway, our question yesterday and it does tie right in,
although it's kind of depressing.
Elizabeth's home, by the way.
Oh, thanks.
There's Jack Straw, tech straw.
He's unwilling to take the peaceful roots.
OK, the peaceful root.
You know, this dog and pony show they're going on.
The war is going to be in a few days
and all this other window dressing is going through
is just a waste of time.
OK, they're trying to save Tony Blur's ass,
which I don't think they're going to be able to do.
And that's it.
And all the rest of this stuff, but forget about it.
Oh, they want to vote.
Maybe now they don't want to vote because it's too embarrassing
and a French are going to veto no matter what.
And those freedom fries are sold like hotcakes and flapjacks.
Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die?
We asked yesterday here on our very, very famous worldwide
poll on theoranges.com and Bob Hope.
Thanks for the memories.
Bob Hope was 622 years old.
Got 305 votes.
Ronald Reagan was a distant second 173.
The interesting thing to me.
Third, right?
I ran on a Pope's ass for a long time
and then he passed him like he was sitting still.
Moe Howard David had with 106 votes.
How do you like that?
Did you ever say who you voted for?
I voted for Bob Hope.
Who do you vote for?
Rhymes with hope.
Goat, Pope.
Who?
Pope, Pope.
Yeah, see that's you again being a real man.
Right.
Yeah, are missing.
Uh huh.
Anyway, Moe Howard David had a 106.
The Pope had 102.
I'm proud to say that Strom Thurman beat me up.
Boy, if I can't make it longer than Strom Thurman,
I might as well jump out the window right now.
And if we just vote for you back in 60, what is it?
50, 40, 48.
Strom Thurman 58 votes.
Theoranges 54.
Oi.
Passoum with Yanuki.
Don I miss 23.
So in other words, after me, it was way, way down after that.
Don I miss 23.
Now, I see I take that personal exception, even though I did have that stroke three weeks
ago.
And my head is still a little bit in the foggy stages.
But I'm getting a little better each day.
And once I get that vacation next week, time I come back, I'm going to feel like a brand
new boy.
I miss 23 Johnny Cash and Fidel Castro each had 21.
How do you like that?
Thank you, Blitz.
Thurie Lewis 16, the Humper had 14 votes.
Well, Humper had 14.
Lose an answer to, in fact, take a page out of Fat Julio's book, Hank.
He lost 21 pounds.
And he said he's got like a little scootie rumble.
He's a ugly t-shirt.
His clothes has a flow to him now.
Nice going, Julio.
And you know what?
I am very similar to him.
I know he was already working on it, but I called him a fat type of crap.
Marlon Brando 13 speaking of fact, times a crap.
Yes, sir.
I'm a fart had 11.
And after that, it was single digits only.
Bobby Blake had nine.
Billy Graham.
What's this bill Graham?
Is that your mistake Carlos?
Or did Eric make another mistake?
I'm not sure.
Honestly, Billy Graham was supposed to be had a beat.
Todd would shout and he has to.
And he had to.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
This is浪費.
保, concentrations and
So, then do you have another
a beach,
and the beach.
purified water for drinking bathing and washing as well.
Park Avenue's top-notch groomers, Todd and Francesco offer expert cuts on all breeds
and these only pure chemical free soaps and shampoos.
Don't you think I should get another dog?
I'm sorry.
Another little dog, because then I could take advantage of Park Avenue now.
It's kind of a shame I have this wonderful sponsor.
I have no dogs to bore there now.
I get a nice little dog.
Park Avenue dogs aren't cooped up all day like in most places in your dog's socializing
corner of their size.
And large players are unsoft and chilly and mad flooring.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
That's why we have so many fat people at QM.
We socialize according to size.
Park Avenue also offers feline boarding in their kitty condos area hammocks included.
I want to take a look for yourself.
Just log on to www.barcappetresort.com and take a virtual tour that lets you look in on
your pet anytime from anywhere you are.
That's amazing.
Park Avenue pet resort located in 1400 South Federal Highway called 954925 Park.
That's 954925 Park.
Or log on to www.barcappetresort.com.
Park Avenue pet resort at the Cacin Spot.
Your pet will absolutely love.
My and love.
This is 420560.
Way to way.
Do do do do do.
Why are there so many stars?
In how we would.
This love at George Bush.
Who will be stars to come?
I'll get the letters.
These rich liberal letters are mostly old.
Most two four.
Yes.
How we would?
John head by Ferrell Martin, she and Charles.
Her dress talking poor on the seal.
Very well, where the eyes.
I've saved them hearing.
They're bleeding hard, hearing.
Why don't they fold them with a Sunday?
Most of them have not made a hit movie in over 15 years.
Why are there so many stars in how we would.
Who think we can win?
They stay out.
I want more baby gold.
Here's the confusion there under the illusion.
White white gold and then for a plane.
Elmo won't sleep at Michael's house.
Susan, so when did Tom Cruise and Ooby-Wood
said them all the tellers, rails.
What's the white powder in his head?
Let's find weep in and tell them to sip it.
Or have that golden wind Sunday.
921 at 560 WQA.
Here's our new poll.
It's up there.
It's not what we're going to have to build today.
Thank God.
It gets a little bit ponderous.
It puts a lot of pressure on the audience.
I'll show it probably gets some additions.
But do you see anybody that I left out that immediately pops in your mind?
No, but I'm busy looking for somebody that I can vote for.
Because there aren't that many radio personalities left anywhere in any market.
Not just ours.
Other than Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most?
Howard Stern, Paul and Ron, Mohaward David, Jim Mandage, Fuddy, Rick Shaw, Randy Rhodes,
Steve Kane, Rush Limbaugh, Dr. Laura, Hank Goldberg,
Shit, Ed Wehappelin or Joe and Mark.
Would I leave somebody out?
No, I think that's it.
I could put people under like this jock.
He's on music stations, but that's, I don't know.
Like Johnny Dark, who used to be.
We don't even know any this jock.
I mean like Fuddy, he's a personality.
Right?
What about Tom Joiner?
Is he still doing it?
The flyjack?
Tom Joiner was on passions, by the way, for a couple days doing a cameo.
Really?
Yeah, and that's exciting.
And you still haven't seen Sheridan yet?
Nope.
You're lost.
I know.
Is Tom Joiner still on Hot 105?
Are they still carrying his show?
I have no way known that.
Okay, let's put him on there.
And what about on, who are the, what's the guy that's on EDR?
Is Jerry Russians the PD?
He's not on the EIR, is he?
Oh, you know who we should put on there is Albe Silk.
Albe Silk on power?
He's loved by the one in all, by the way, inside and outside the building.
Who what?
He's loved by one and all.
We like Albe Silk.
I have no idea who he is, but it's good enough for everybody else to make a mess.
So we got, we're adding Tom Joiner and Albe Silk.
And now who's the main jock on EDR?
There's got to be somebody.
You don't know Carlos?
Huh?
Yeah, he's a big listener to EDR.
Oh, I'm sure he is.
He's hip-hoppinit all the way up to, all the way to the bank with a big paycheck.
Is you kidding me?
Man, he's hip-hoppinit.
I don't think my card gets a bit.
Yeah, I'm sure that.
Not under the overpass.
In other words, EDR don't come in on shortwave.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT and Verizon, whatever it is.
Look at that.
They're ahead of us.
But they don't mess around.
Eric sneaked the second pool in there.
Well, I'll go for the only one for today, but the replacement for yesterday.
And they're right on it already.
Other than Neil, what radio personality?
Listen to most.
You manage his six.
All right.
Howard Spurham has two hanks got up here.
Mohawar David has got one.
Hey.
Mohawar David, you got one vote already out of pole baby.
Paul and young Ron have one and Randy Rhodes has one.
Wow.
Pretty big one from what I hear and Joe and Mark have one.
Young yet for Rick Shaw's Deepkin, Rush Limbaugh, Dr. Laura.
Schmidt, Eddie Kay, Foody, or, and we also met in Tom Jr. and Albezook.
And we're praying for somebody who will tell us who the people aren't EDR.
Okay.
By the way, it's the big lip bandit.
And that was what Miguel gave us from EDR.
Big lip bandit.
And stuff.
You know, you were.
Yeah, he's starting to save, by the way.
Hey, by the way, Carlos.
You're right.
Wait, stick it to me from George.
Yeah.
George is rubbing off from George.
Big lip bandit.
Now get these to Eric right away.
So we don't have to make that same mistake we did yesterday.
When there was that long pause because Eric was puking his guts out.
He was at the bowl all day or something.
And I notice he's right on top of things today because he has mommy bitching him out again
on the ear, which I will if he, uh, dilly dallys at all in the very least.
I'll rip him an ass.
And in his case, that would be quite an undertaking.
Okay, let's get somebody's great calls on here today.
Got a lot of stuff.
We got Elizabeth is home.
She's safe.
Well, I have some concerns about what went on there because this guy, the kid after this religious nut.
There we go with that being redundant again, religious nut.
He snatched Elizabeth to make her his second wife in a polygamous relationship.
Ryan David Mitchell, aka manual, who is one of these smarmy as nastiest.
And of course, since he had her under his spell for nine long months,
one can only assume the worst.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not a pretty picture.
But at least she's home and safe.
That's good.
That's a good start.
Did you know she was home and safe?
Who?
You.
Is who home and safe?
Elizabeth smart is home and safe.
Elizabeth smart is home and safe?
Yeah, that's something.
Again, I'm not trying to make light of it, but you people at the media are crazy.
You're crazy over here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Welcome home, Elizabeth.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil.
She's home and safe.
Aren't you happy?
I'm thrilled.
You don't sound too serious.
I don't know.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know if you've got a.
Yeah.
Shut up, Mo.
I don't know if you got a little.
Shut up.
Mo, shut up.
No, I'm going to come over there and get that damn score off your head.
Go ahead.
All right.
So I don't know if you've got to listen to the Humphs Turr yesterday.
Oh, I did not hear the Humphur.
Look, I got it.
I got one comment.
Hey, hang.
Stick to the sports, buddy.
You suck.
What was he talking about?
Click.
Oh, click.
Why?
Probably hung up on it.
No, as a matter of fact, no, yo, I did hear Hank talking about the war or something for just a second.
I was in here checking something on the internet.
And every time I do that, I just potted up to see what's going on.
And I, but I only heard like 30 seconds.
So I, and he was talking about a rack in this.
And I don't know.
So there you go.
926 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about a place we can all go in fees.
Maybe we'll have the last supper there.
What do you think?
Okay.
I'll fly down special for that.
We'll just go there and pick out.
We'll eat until we all croak.
But we'll do a big smile on our face at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
You'll find what in sunrise, North Miami Beach and at newest location in Pembroke Pines.
They've got six different kinds of soups.
And you can ladle in your bowl all you like.
One or two or all six if you like.
And they've got dozens of succulent entrees.
Not just Oriental stuff, but all kinds of fresh veggies and all kinds of other good things too.
They got beef and chicken and seafood.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends.
New York strip made order at the gourmet center.
A sizzling Asian grill featuring karaoke steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, hand-carb prime rib.
The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living too.
No MSG, no cornstarch, no migraine headache.
And these only all cholesterol free oils and all their cooking.
The buffet at Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and a fresh shrimp cocktail too.
And don't forget, Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back to featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
Lobster bisque is got delicious.
But boy, that's like senior cholesterol skyrocketing.
Yeah.
Good.
So like I said, have a second bowl.
One requirement is save room for dessert.
They've got a great dessert bar featuring pies and cakes.
Who cares about cholesterol, where everything is going on in the world, you know what?
To be our worst problem.
Pies and cakes and pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, a gigantic feast at the Emerald Coast buffet.
Three locations like I said only moments ago, you'll find them in an original soft-flot location in sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd and North Miami Beach.
And we all remember how great North Miami Beach used to be.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines.
They've set reservations, take out delivery also available.
And look for the new Oriental Chicken Seller when you hop into the Emerald Coast column at 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822.
Be sure and tell Richard that Neil sent you by to the Emerald Coast and he'll say, golees go.
Five local 60s, five 60s.
The radio's on your side.
Two AM.
There's no drive.
Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we've reached that goal.
Former President of Bill Clinton, your wife, the Junior Senator from New York, his bitch.
I think that's a no-brainer.
She's a pig at the trough.
A couple other things.
This Chelsea got a job somewhere that was reported in the paper.
No, no. She's been pushing drugs and I'm very glad.
All right, let's discuss something close to us.
Oh, sure.
You know, as you might imagine, I have a young assistant, you're sticking her.
Yeah.
And an occult Smith.
I'm not ready.
I did.
Cut through there like a hot knife through butter.
Oh.
Okay, thank you.
We'll be right back with former President.
Uh-huh.
932-560 WQAM.
So anyway, I noticed that for some strange reason, Tom Jr. and Al D'Souc, they haven't made the list yet.
Big lip-batter designer, but how come the other two didn't make it?
Carlos.
He sent it.
I see.
Are we going to get back into that again?
I'm sure that Eric is working on it right now.
A nice big, uh, ham sandwich, maybe a little bit of cheese.
Lacey Peterson, how long do you think it would take before we got her name back into the thing again?
About two minutes.
Another to go back into that again.
Where's Lacey Peterson?
Now that we finally found Elizabeth Smart.
Kind of figures, don't it?
Mm-hmm.
80 votes so far on a poll.
And you know, this is going to change at 10 o'clock.
You do know that, don't you?
No.
I'm telling you right now, the percentages will change dramatically because Howard Spurm is still on now, and Ron and Paul are still on.
And so once people tune over back to us, the 10, 10, 30 went over to get around to it, because Howard Spurm is on.
When does he go off?
Whenever he feels like it?
I'm going to start doing that.
Let's leave today about 1115.
Okay.
But anyway, other than Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most?
Jim Manage 23.
All right.
Howard Spurm 15.
Randy Rhodes 11.
Wow!
Oh my god.
Now that's, can you believe that?
That's the Tautio crowd.
Veda.
Veda.
God almighty.
Randy Rhodes 11.
Hank Goldberg 11.
Paul and young Ron and the old Paul and the five on Zeta.
Rush Limbaugh 4.
Only 4 for the fat one.
Moe Howard David has got 4.
He's tied with Rush.
How do you like that, Moe?
You're moving up in a world maybe you're tied with Rush.
Dr. Laura Schmidt and Joe and Marke each have 280K's got one in none for anybody else.
I don't see you, Albi Sulk or Tom Joyner on there.
They're working on it.
They're working on it.
All right.
She were off to such a good start to accept the technical sabotage we had.
Thank God, Julio's in the building.
You get that all straightened out.
You know what?
And he can move much faster now.
Yeah, he can.
Like a speeding bullet.
I scored, Julio.
Linda Cornicovas.
Wow.
Who?
I was revenge again.
Linda Deroff.
She's wowing it.
Tennis Vickson and a Cornicovas in danger of losing millions of endorsements after ex-husband
and hockey star Sergei Fedorov.
Why do I speak in a hockey?
The Panthers ever going to score another goal at home?
No.
Two home games, two four-nothing shutouts.
And the paper I looked at my paper this morning at the box to see how many people had said
were there last night, 15,000, 448, it said, I'm going to tell you something.
Seriously, you people in the organization.
Do you think you're kidding anybody?
Because I watched the TSN Montreal Telecast last night because the Panthers think they blacked out.
And they actually backed up.
You know, they panned the whole arena.
They said they're going to have to start getting some people in this place.
They're really desperate.
There couldn't have been 4,000 people there.
I've never ever seen anything like that.
There was nobody there.
Nobody.
And a paper puts 15,000 like they're fooling somebody.
I guess they must have encountered everybody with the sawgrass too, huh?
Ted is Vickson and a coronahoyer's in danger of losing millions of endorsements after ex-husband
and hockey star Sergei Fedorov revealed their secret union last week says a European newspaper report.
According to a slow-back daily,
Kornikov is promising revenge after Fedorov replaced with the threat red rings admitted
that the couple had a brief marriage that ended in divorce.
In the March 10th edition of Novi Koss,
Kornikov who's inactive while rehabilitating an ankle injury,
is quoted to saying that some of her lucrative contracts for photo sessions could be lost
thanks to Fedorov's comments.
Sergei did not have a right to do that.
She said we agreed that everything would remain our secret, our marriage as well as the matter of our divorce.
She said, this revelation made it proud of me of some contracts.
There's a clause in them that I must not become attached to any man.
You think it says anything about a test to any woman?
That would only help.
Under the headline, Kornikov promising revenge,
the paper reports that Fedorov's admission has severely complicated
the Russian tennis players' life,
and that some of the US $10 million worth of Kornikov's contracts are now in jeopardy.
Yesterday, Fedorov's agent said he was unaware of any secrecy agreement between his client and Kornikov.
Pat Grisson said he was present when Fedorov admitted their marriage,
but didn't know what compelled the Russian Center to make the information public.
I have a feeling I know what compelled her to make it public, don't you?
Why?
That's a horrible case compels you.
I think that's what did it.
She's a beautiful girl.
I know it's an interesting topic, but I don't know why he did it.
He said I don't, didn't think it was going to be all that important.
After years of silence on his relationship with Kornikov,
Fedorov revealed to the hockey news in its March 14th edition,
we were married albeit brief, and we are now divorced.
I don't keep in touch with her.
I'm not touching her.
I probably didn't before either.
In a recent follow-up interview, Fedorov said he was sort of protecting his firm wife
and keeping them as a secret for so long.
There you go.
She's pissed off and fired up.
How do you like that?
And the Pantheon has been scoring a wimp thing at home.
Maybe they should just play all the games on the road.
Nobody shows up at home anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T.
You know, Elizabeth's part is home?
Who?
Blaine.
Anger.
Elizabeth's home.
They've got relatives, neighbors, people that once wrote on the bus with her.
Schoolmates.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm not sure if you were aware of this, but Elizabeth's smart has been found and returned
to her family.
No.
Seriously.
Thank you.
Thanks for the great news.
All right.
Hear that?
What?
Other than Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most demanded 27 Howard Stern 19,
Randy Rhodes 16, which I'm really dubious of that?
What?
Hank Goldberg for 14.
Paul and Young Ron 7.
It's interesting and it's fascinating that these people is a good sign.
The Howard Spurm and the Iran and Paul people are voting so far 26 of those and this is
like in the middle of those shows.
Which means they listen until you come on.
There you go.
That's a good start.
And there's speaking of start rhymes with start, there's Elizabeth smart.
Oh, yeah.
She's home.
There's that amateur.
I don't want to harp on it.
But there's that video again where she's playing that harp.
She's cute as a button.
You know, she's really a cute little girl.
And I'm very happy that she's safe.
And I'm still a little bit worried about that one thing though.
Which thing would that be?
Well, because it says it's the Edel Times quote sources in Utah saying that Brian David Mitchell,
aka a manual, the scumbag, snatched Elizabeth to make her his second wife in a polygamous
relationship.
The newspaper also reports it was during the five hours that Mitchell worked at the smart family
home last year that he allegedly got the idea that God told him that Elizabeth was supposed to be his wife.
Police sources say Elizabeth had been living in Sandy, Utah about only 20 miles from her family's home
with Mitchell and at least one woman.
The woman is believed to be one to barzy the Edel female companion arrested with Mitchell as Elizabeth was rescued
this afternoon.
So in other words, if he, God told him that she was going to be a second wife and that's a very grotesque thought.
You know, yeah.
We just hope she's fine and she's okay and she looks fine, but I have a feeling something happened that didn't meet the eye.
And this guy, of course, they should actually cut them both on a national TV, MSNBC, Fox, CNN, who am I leaving out?
CBS, NBC, ABC, PVV, UPN, Telebandos, PBS, TNT, TNT, what do you have to say any more?
What's the other one besides Telebando?
Mundo's, what?
Univision.
Univision, there you go.
Nickelodeon.
Nickelodeon, St. Simalcatch, it's all little kids should see this is what happens to you.
If you do something like this, grotesque and average, another religious nut, another religious wacko with that beard and a whole thing
look like a real scumbag man and you're right, scumbag, these scumbags were tired of scumbags, you know, they don't have to be like a bunch of militant Muslim scumbags.
Those are pretty scary enough, but these scumbags were tired of them too.
They just had to scumbags, you know, right?
It's one thing if you want to walk around looking like a scumbag, that's okay, but just don't act like a scumbag.
That's all we ask, is that too much?
No.
Cut it out and see what happens when you give money to a scumbag.
That's right and that's the point, you know, we were discussing this before the show today and the only reason that the homeless voicing is growing like it's like some kind of a disease.
It's spreading like a virus is because some of you assholes out there are giving them money.
Okay, and that's why we got 75 million scumbags all over South Florida on every street corner with their orange t-shirts doing this scam for Sean Canone.
It's a disgrace.
Don't feed the monster.
Don't feed the scumbags.
Okay, don't feed this cult, this insanity because all you do by it is you're perpetuated and you make it continue growing.
It's like feeding a virus.
They won't listen to me, you know.
I wouldn't get so needy.
Yeah, if they were like bleeding on the street corner, right?
They'd probably be ketchup.
I wouldn't give them a dime.
Spare some change, miss it.
No, no way.
941, am I getting a little worked up?
I think I'm turning the corner now.
Oh, after getting all those votes in the death pool, I think I'm starting to like get my energy.
Man, it's kind of scary, you know.
It's a little scary, although more beat me up like two to one.
Just beat me by a million miles.
So I score a moment.
And by the way, his billboard, I understand, has no picture.
So there you are.
So there you are.
He and I are back to back.
Evidently turnpike at the 595 interchange visible going south on the turnpike in the south.
I didn't visit the turnpikes from 595.
There's an eel god billboard with my push on it.
And turnpike east side visible going south to the north of Sterling Road.
There's more Howard David it.
So we're like all this back to back me and my good buddy to mow myster.
You know, it's March Madness time of the year again.
And if you're looking to lay down some bets, you better know with whom you are dealing.
VIP sportsbook.com is the best.
You can have complete press in VIP sportsbook.com, a legal and licensed sportsbook.
And one of the original online books is still the best.
In fact, one of the very few legal people that this company does business with.
You like parlay odds?
High ones?
How do parlay odds of up to 2,000 to 1 sound?
How about free same day payouts?
How about a 15% cash bonus and a year first deposit?
Most of all, for the past seven years, VIP sportsbook.com is earned a reputation
as the sportsbook with the best customer service in the universe.
Sportsbook Review.com rated them number one in customer service two years in a row.
Who knows it might be your turn to go on the roll of a lifetime.
So you better make sure you're in the right sportsbook when that happens.
Sonup online at VIP sportsbook.com.
And when you do that, you get a 15% cash bonus and a year first deposit.
Nothing like starting out a winner.
If you're not online, just call them tool free at 1-866-VIP bets.
That's 1-866-VIP bets.
But the 15% sonup bonus is only available online.
So get your ass online and get your 15% cash bonus today at VIPsportsbook.com
where you'll be the VIP.
We're sports video 5-6-1, as you am.
If there's a butt-eye smell it.
The message is there are no knowns.
There are things we know that we know.
Run, run, run, spread.
There are known unknowns.
That is to say, there are things that we now know we don't know.
But there are also unknown unknowns.
Run, run, spread.
And there are things we do not know.
We don't know.
And each year we discover a few more of those unknown unknowns.
Run, run, spread.
I believe what I said yesterday.
Well, I don't know what I said.
But I know what I think.
Well, there are known knowns.
You say I don't think so, although that's what I think.
947-560 WK, what happened to all those calls?
You had lined up their car.
So it looks like they all disappeared.
Maybe somebody zapped them.
560-705-60, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
I feel really embarrassed and humiliated and stupid right now.
You know, was that?
Well, this fast you just sent me.
How do I left off fill?
Are you sure?
Huh?
Kind of out of sight, out of mind kind of thing.
Because I really am in the car at that time.
Of course, here I'm not in the car at all.
And I don't even know if I could pick them up here on any station
which I doubt.
But it says, please put Phil Henry on a poll, which we will immediately, Carlos.
He's going to get a lot of votes.
I live in Texas and listen to you guys back on the web.
Just like the good old days, isn't it?
They miss no more to have Mo.
Oh, I see.
Listen to you guys back to back on the web.
He says, me and Phil.
Isn't it?
They miss no more to have Mo on your list after all the question is which radio personality
and Mo has no personality?
When I hear him, I actually miss the worst team.
It says, I love the show, but I don't miss out for it.
Well, thank you so much for reminding me.
And how come I took this guy from Texas?
For me, it's the book Phil Henry on there.
And this audience again is like that.
Huh?
Like what is wrong with these people?
There's something very, very wrong.
There is it in the air again?
What's going on there?
Maybe they're like having big parties now because Elizabeth Smart is home safe.
How do you like that?
Who?
What's your name?
Oh.
Here's our only lonely call.
It's from Homestead.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you also forgot Jim Rome.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I know somebody that listens to him all the time.
Okay, I'll put him on her Jim Rome.
We don't care with no problem.
But Neil.
Yes.
Did you hear that Elizabeth Smart's a problem in touch?
No.
Okay, she's home in touch for a poem.
Thank you.
There's a home in touch guy from Homestead already.
How do you like that?
Happy poem.
Exactly.
Look at that poem, man.
There's something really deadly going on.
You had a whole bunch lined up.
Now, something must have happened that I'm not aware about.
Huh?
They just got tired and hung up.
What does that supposed to mean?
I guess I sound too happy today.
And that's because the pressure on my head is starting to alleviate now, you know.
Good.
And I do want to thank the walk-in clinic where the hell it is.
Oh, then I haven't experienced trying to get my plan.
It says you well know.
Yeah.
By the way, they're coming to get your hands.
Sure.
But the good news is I finally went because I told you the other day.
Anybody that comes up here, you better check.
Make sure you got plenty of your prescription drugs when you get here.
They won't mess with them.
But you can't use a US prescription here.
They won't let you call it in or fax it in or whatever.
And so it's kind of like a little bit of blackmail.
They make you go to a walk-in clinic and you see a doctor.
I went to the first walk in clinic downtown and were like 80,000 people in there.
And she said, oh, it's a four to a six hour wait.
And so I registered and I signed on a thing and she said, you can go back home and come back in about four hours.
So I come home, wait a couple of hours.
I call her to see how many more thousand people are online until I go back just to get to see the doctor.
You get my prescription written.
And she said, oh, basically forget about it.
But you can call this place.
And so she gave me the phone number and address of another joint.
I took her cab over there and a much more upscale, beautiful place.
There was about 10 people sitting in there.
They got three doctors going.
It was just a beautiful place.
People in there like in business suits.
You know what I mean?
A little more upscale than this other walk-in clinic where it looked like all the people from N'Ranger were in there.
Like the guy that kidnapped Elizabeth Smart.
Right.
Like, is she home okay?
Oh, yeah.
We don't know if she's okay yet.
Oh, but she is home.
Yeah, thank God.
And say.
So anyway, I go to that other place and wait about a half hour, which isn't bad at all.
I see a very, very nice doctor.
He says, I show my prescription.
I explain the thing about I can't get the everything we feel here from the US.
No problem.
How many do you want?
You ever hear of anybody say, say, say, say, say, how many do you want?
No.
He said, how about if I give you a hundred to start and I'll give you a refill for another hundred?
So that's like, since it's a one-a-day kind of a thing of blood thinner, plavix, since I had that stroke.
That's like six and a half months.
It's almost seven months worth.
Thanks, Doc.
How much it cost me?
I already told you.
That's right.
35 bucks Canadian.
It's about 22 bucks US.
And I was more than delighted to pay.
You know, I was so it's a little bit of a thing that make you do.
I was ecstatic.
And I take it to my shopper's drug mart.
I get the prescription filled.
I go there yesterday.
I got the drugs ran my thing right now.
And I'm like, oh, you have no idea.
Because I had like two pills left when this was all going on.
One for two days.
And I was trying other means of getting something else sent here, but that just didn't work out.
Yeah.
Because we got some really stupid people down here, but that's okay.
Don't take it personal unless you feel like it.
All right.
Okay.
How's this pulled to one other than the other?
We have Phil Henry on there.
Because again, I apologize.
Will you accept that Phil?
Okay.
Because that was really I don't see it on there yet.
See, I don't want to be pushy Eric, but Phil Henry should have been.
Oh, he is on there.
He's got two already.
Like I said, nice going Eric.
Why are you always picking on Eric Carlos?
You jealous?
Must be.
Just come.
Oh, do you hear how depressed he is now?
Just calm down.
I understand that your life is probably being shortened by many years having to be associated
with him, but it's the best we can do.
He's like, oh, and you've got the cartoon on there too.
Beautiful.
Who did that?
Did you do that or just send it to Eric?
No, I did that.
Like I said, like I said, Carlos is the best.
Not only do we have our 80 million great bedtime stories today.
And look at this one.
Elizabeth Smart found a lie.
It's a picture of Elizabeth.
She really is a knockout.
She's a cute little girl.
Oh, she's 15.
She's not a little girl anymore.
She's beautiful, but I'm a little worried about that one thing I mentioned.
Aren't you?
I don't want to think about it.
I know.
It's a.
I say we just cut his balls off if he has any left run TV.
Anyway, the cartoon.
The cartoon.
There's a big.
It kind of looks like the beast.
He's got his T-shirt, his sports T-shirt on his shorts.
Big fat, tubby American guy.
And he's sitting in his recliner.
And he's surrounded by soda and the beer.
Chips popcorn.
He's got a CNN war guide in his lap.
And he's got the TV remote.
He's sitting there with a little American flag in his beanie.
Looking at the TV and says, OK, start the war.
I'm ready.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, let's make a sport out of it.
What do you say?
So what was I talking about before I got to that?
Something about on our website.
Elizabeth Smart.
There's some great tremendous bedtime stories on there today.
And I apologize for sending you so many.
Because I know it's a lot of work.
But we just got to get them all on there.
You know, about three, four, so on there now.
Oh, in other words, we still have more to come.
OK, anyway, getting back to the survey.
Jim Mandage 46, other than the O-Witch radio personnel,
he listened to most.
It'll be real interesting to see if these percentages change
after 10 and then after 10.30, whenever Howard decides to give it up.
Mandage 46, Howard Stern 30, Randy Rhodes 22.
I'm shocked.
Wow, what?
Aren't you?
Why are you so shocked?
She has a following, you know.
That's why I'm shocked.
Hey, Goldberg 21.
Rush Limbaugh's got 10.
What the hell did that?
How about Rush?
Running by young Paul.
Older Paul have eight.
Phil Henry's got six.
We just put him on there seconds ago.
You marked my words.
He's going to give him a run for their money.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
How can I have forgotten that?
I wasn't done willfully.
I'll guarantee you that.
It's just that I don't, you know, don't hear him.
Yeah, that's stroke.
Yeah, believe me.
I remember everything.
Maybe that's the part of your playing with me.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
Bob and Tom, well, see, I'm not really a Palm Beach.
Is there anybody in Palm Beach else that we ought to put on there?
I don't think so.
We just don't know the Palm Beach market all that well.
I do understand that many of you like in Boynton like that guy
and in Boca and whatever in West Palm.
You think that Palm Beach is part of our, it's just not.
You know, we're ecstatic and delighted that you listen to us.
But it's just another planet.
You know, it's a little league.
It's a place where they vote for Pat Buchanan.
I am low.
Is this port 20 of bicycle?
You weigh in.
Hey, it's Howard.
Howard's famous.
Are you here?
Hi, I'm Aaron Somers.
You know what?
You got me talking on the passion phone.
Tell me the story about how you got blown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Okay, play that just to get even now with Phil to pay him back for leaving him off for the first few minutes.
And how could you not to remind me of that because out of sight out of mind, I don't listen.
You must be slipping, man.
10 out of two at five, 60 WDQM, the Georgia Beyond next week.
And here's your homework assignment.
Even if he had George like poison, we require that you listen to him every day all next week.
Oh, why are you doing that to these people?
Because we need their help.
We can't afford to have another bad month.
Well, they can just write it down.
They don't have to listen.
We're not supposed to be saying.
No wonder they're going to come and take your ass away.
They must listen religiously every day, even when George is on.
We need that badly.
Okay.
There you go.
And my advice to you is don't let them get to you.
That's my advice.
Don't take them personally because everybody in their brother is listening out there, even the ones who claim they hate you like poison.
And they'll always keep that in mind like Rimmer.
Why did you have to bring him up now?
The Panthers are a fawn on tough times.
They couldn't score a goal under the ocean on a home game and you're picking on poor Rimmer.
Okay. Just because he's eaten.
And whoever made that schedule out, what kind of a schedule is that?
Every other game they play a home game, they go on a road.
They come back play a home game, they go on a road.
No wonder he and the whole guy, they and team are sick all the time.
No wonder jugs is so sick.
Plus he's bleeding from the back for all thanks to guilty.
Because even now, jugs knows that guilty is like a stab in a heart.
A heart.
A heart.
And Rimmer is guilty in somewhere with the SPN radio looking for a job.
That's the room that somebody inside started yesterday.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Add to your list George Norrie.
How about who?
He took over Art Bell.
Oh.
Okay.
She is so chronic that woman and that voice.
As soon as I hear her voice, I want to kill myself.
I mean, she made me a very nice lady, but the fact that she listens to that art bell, whatever it is now.
I know what I'm putting that down.
I want to listen to that.
Okay.
Okay.
Excuse me.
What is it called, George?
Norrie.
Norrie.
How do you spell that?
And O.
R.
R-R-E-Y.
I'll give it up.
I've got to look at it.
I have no idea.
I don't know what that is.
Yeah.
I have no clue what that is.
George Norrie.
You listen to the art bell show the outer.
Well, of course, probably some of your kin folk are on the same.
Just get off the ship.
Hey, him and Boca Brian.
And when we go to lunch, I might as well just not even be there.
Art Boyce and then they had this guest.
Oyster neck.
Well, let's figure it out.
Look at that.
That was up 111 point.
All right.
Now it's that's up 19.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yes.
See, we're turning the corner, man.
All you doubters out there.
And then when we go in and we get those laundry heads.
Oh, and look at this.
I don't know if I put this story on a website or not.
We're in a world as I racked it.
I put that on or not.
I guess not.
Don't think so.
No.
This is, I know it's more of the same business in America.
It just doesn't care because I guess we enjoy being stupid.
It says the US may be going to war with Iraq,
but a survey finds that an overwhelming number of young adults
don't have a clue as to where their country is on a world map.
Okay.
They don't have a clue as to where the hell it is on a map.
And have we been talking about that for years and years and years?
How freaking stupid American public is?
I don't have a clue.
An National Geographic Survey of nearly 3,000 young adults
between the ages of 18 and 24 or 5.
That 87% of them can't find Iraq on a map.
I wonder if they counted the present.
Oh, he's too old for that.
He's in a different category.
Like that one CBS Newsman Steven Cuffin took a world
Atlas along to a mall in Skolkan, Washington reports that
reports that just helped support the survey's findings.
Why?
I think there's a word left off at his page.
He says I was looking for Iran who's vexistan.
There's Turkey City young woman.
There's Iran, Afghanistan City, Iran, Saudi, Yemen,
not Saudi Arabia, Saudi.
Your finger passed right over it pointed out Cuffin.
Iran Iraqi exclaimed.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
With the threat of our focusing attention on Iraq,
the National Geographic Society is issuing a new
Atlas to the Middle East.
The 96-page volume compiled by the Society's mapmakers
goes on sale on bookstores next week and on the Society's
website immediately.
It covers the history and current status of the 16-Nation region
under development since October the Atlas is being issued
about two weeks earlier than originally planned
because we want to get out before the war starts.
So call us when the party started.
The Atlas shows are back, for example, as a population of 23.6 million people, of which
4.9 million people live in the capital, it's in the Baghdad.
Average life expectancy is just 58 years, comparatively 77 in the U.S.
Each country has a separate section of the Atlas, which also includes maps of the major
cities, including Baghdad, Jerusalem, Cairo, Damascus, and Tehran.
The Education Commission of the States has geography as a problem in the US schools.
Reading in math especially, I've got a lot of focus.
I think social studies and geography have been taken up and pushed to the wayside, said
Jennifer Dune, a policy analyst with the ECS.
He said the survey speaks loudly for students needing an international education complete
with studies about world history, geography cultures, language of other countries, and of
course language of their own country couldn't hurt either, if it gets my drift.
Yeah, pretty amazing.
Other than Neil, what personality do you listen to most on your radio?
Jim Maddo 64 Howard Spurm 40.
See if that changes any.
You watching it keep an eye on it?
Sure.
Randy Rose 27, Phil Henry's moved up to 23 already tied with Hank.
Rush Limbaugh's got 22.
Keep your eye on that one too, make sure that we don't have any freepers on there, assholes.
Schnitz got 13, Paul and Young Ron have got 10, Mohawar David had 7.
Dr. Laura Steve Kane have 4 Joe and Mark Appair Jim, Romi has 1, Romi Romi, call me
homie.
That's a wrong sports show.
Times runner and footy and an EK environment Tommy Chavone, big lip bandit, Rick Shaw
and Albee still have the big none.
Well that's bad.
Don't you feel bad for Ricky Ticki?
And what about George Norrie?
Better get that one up there right away.
That's when the votes are reading to start pouring in.
Yeah, and he's got spelling.
N-O-O-R-Y.
Well what do I care what this phone is?
I mean you'll put it on there.
It'll be right.
253 votes so far once we get George Norrie under the votes are going to be pointed by
the millions because it's the old outer space crowd man and we got a lot of those people
like Carlos and the old Oyster neck bokeh Brian.
Want to hear about what?
Call me when a ship land.
That's them.
The only space you if I want to see land like right in my outside here would be the one
from the small bill with him in it.
Here's Boca hello.
Morning, Neil Howard.
Okay sir.
Yeah, before I give you a name, besides the owner of the Panthers losing his ass on
the hockey team, his company is stocking down about 50 percent this year.
How do you like that?
And Tom, you'll notice the trade deadline came and most of the teams did something to improve
themselves and all he did was dump salary again, get rid of Val Burre and other stiff and
they got another right defenseman that nobody ever heard of another kid.
And you know, there's really no reason for people to come off because the performance
at home is so dreadful and you see for yourself, I don't know if you saw the game last night,
but if it wouldn't have been from a long one, it would have been like a ten-nothing game.
He plays great airbie game.
He keeps them in the game but they don't score any goals in the home games and he wants
to pay to see that.
That's right.
Next year is going to be another bad year also.
I mean, you know, think about it.
Now I don't have to think about it because who the hell are you going to get?
And it looks to me, it looks to me like Dudley is paving the way to say, hey, Mike Keenan,
you want to go to New York or any place else goodbye?
Because you know, he can see his assistant coaches that Keenan brought in.
He brings in his own two stiffs including bringing back Sutter, which you have no idea why.
And it's basically sending a message to Keenan like a nice tribe of goodbye.
You know, and then we can save some money on your coaching salary too.
See you later.
There's another bleeding heart liberal in Palm Beach County in the afternoon.
You know, if you have it on the left can I?
Joyce Kaufman.
Joyce Kaufman is on the air?
Oh, he is.
Thank you.
Thanks for the bad news.
Joyce Kaufman is still on the air.
It's amazing.
That is shocking.
You know, the Panther organization, and of course they said they're going to save more money
getting rid of that $3.9 million salary.
Buray is getting a valory.
But the fact of the matter is with same thing next year when it comes time to spend money
on free agents and this and that.
Just like they said before getting rid of the other Buray, Pavel, and somebody tells Sam
Rosen it's not Buray, please.
I like you Sam, but you're full of crap.
Well, I'm a same thing again.
They're not going to spend that money because they're losing their ass.
They're losing their ass.
What is this facts here?
Good morning, Neil.
First of all, I agree with the caller that mentioned QAM, Jingle of Live and Lockeau.
He's right.
I think it sounds great.
Live and Lockeau.
That's a great idea.
That is us.
For crazier than a bed bug.
And if you don't believe us, just ask more.
He'll tell you.
I've been a long time listener to show my usual routine with them.
I radio tuned into five 60 while having the mute button on the TV and switching around
from CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News.
Uh oh.
But recently I got so sick of watching Iraq this and wore that and the same coverage going
on and on.
Then I gave up trying to keep up with the news on TV.
That only read newspapers for that fix.
But I found the greatest way to listen to the new Roger show.
I have the radio blaring loud and proud.
And I have the TV on with the volume and switched back and forth between the two Spanish
channels.
It's great.
The women on those fixed stations are incredible.
And I don't know a lick of Spanish that works out perfect.
But I guess he would like to lick it.
I see enough TNA during those three hours that it satisfies my entire day.
Just a little advice to pass along to listeners.
Give it a shot.
Here you go.
It is.
Thank you.
But if it's not too much trouble, can you pass a little time playing one of the old
default bits for old times sakes?
Hey, how come we didn't put Jeff in the forest on there?
Good question.
See?
I mean, I didn't think this would be a list that we have to like, you know, I wish that
like this last guy talked a little hockey there for like 10 seconds.
That was fine.
You know, we're trying to bring them out of their shell a little bit as opposed to just
say, ah, Joyce, come here.
You know, something, little something.
It says that the one that comes to mind was soon after he was busted and keeps on saying,
thank you for your call.
Do we know what that's called?
Uh, go for Brian Malokas.
Thank you for your call.
That's so many of those.
Here's one that says I was at the Panther game and they actually didn't have a good crowd
at 10 to 12,000.
What?
Actually, we came in at 730.
There was a line of 200 people purchasing tickets.
The only problem was 75% were from Montreal.
Well, they must have come in off the lake because this was in the middle of the first
period and they panned that place and it was empty.
Okay.
So if they were had a good crowd, they must have shown up a day late in $50.
And they were sure.
You know how many people I think really paid to see that game last night?
About 30, man.
That's it.
PS Elizabeth Smart Drop, the ceremony of Puckett, the start of the game.
Oh, and actually it was Gary Carter, which is why we really lost.
He must have been framed to the wrong guy, Gary Carter.
You shouldn't say that because he's Rimmer's good post-personal buddy and he used to be their
neighbor, which I can't stand Gary Carter.
I don't care.
Remember, okay, if you want to take a personal ad, you're entitled.
Just get on a plane and have a safe trip.
Take advantage of your huge savings like 15% off most barbecued necessaries at Barbecues
the lower, save over $275 on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie,
stainless grills inside burner.
The price is unbeatable.
Or how about saving that a Weber grill just great for tailgating.
There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories,
cookbooks and sauces they're all on sale too.
You get a gigantic selection, unbeatable sale prices, analogable and friendly staff.
They'll fit you with the right grill for what you be needing.
Top brands, great service and annual spring sale going on Friday through Sunday only.
It says here in this part of the copy, well, ask them when you go in there, say PD Lenny's
a moron and they'll say, boy, you're right about that.
It's all going on Barbecues the lower this weekend.
They're your Barbecues specialists.
Don't forget, say 15% all weekend long at Barbecues the lower their implantation and
curl springs.
And if you want to get to the exact location, just call them toll free at 1-800-Grill
up, 1-800-Grill up for Barbecues the lower.
Hello, many thanks.
Here's sports video 560-CUA-M.
Take the wee wee.
Hi, this is Jeff the Flores, with Caparra Pica nose restauranti.
They got good food here.
I like it and it tastes good too.
Heathen bowlfuls of food like clams placebo, super de jockeci, bissteca alagrassiola and
of course my personal favorite scallopini oi fungi.
You can enjoy a fine wine with your meal.
I personally recommend any green springs or a grandma boule.
They got great desserts here too, like pasta de jori and run around the zoo.
Caparra Pica nose restauranti is conveniently located right across the street from Jefferson's.
That's Caparra Pica nose restauranti for fine Italian dine.
Just tell them Jeff the Flores sent here and Bon Appetite.
Ten, eighteen, five, sixty, w.
The man dog at one hand, three, we got the, what do we got tonight?
Oh, the Marlins and the Met's Exhibition Baseball, six, fifty.
You want to hear that do you?
Eddie K. after the baseball game from GA and Joe Markov, right?
That's our schedule.
Now, what were you mumbling to me right at the end of my spot?
QA morning phone crew is the bit that guys talking about.
Oh, well, I didn't know what the hell it was.
So that was the default one for him, that'll have to do.
And we got the default one, or we don't have any votes yet.
And we also got Joe Rose on there, which I have no idea why,
because Joe Rose is only like a part time around QA.
I'm on a weekend and once in a while, filling in for the man dog.
But that's okay.
I guess we can put him on it.
We like Joe.
He's okay better than what we got now.
So how's that thing come in three hundred and two votes?
Let's see if those percentages be changed a little bit.
Other than Neil, but radio personality doesn't do most.
He demanded seventy three, Howard sperm, forty nine, Rush Limbaugh, thirty seven,
Phil Henry, twenty nine.
Now that Rush thing, keep your eye on that.
Okay.
I, because if those assholes are free republic dot com start creeping up,
then we're just going to throw him off the list altogether.
Randy Rhodes, twenty nine, Hank Goldberg, twenty five,
the Schnittmeister, fourteen, Paul and Old Ron, twelve.
Moe Howard, David, it is stuck on seven.
Bob and Tom five, Joanne Mark and Tom Joanne,
and Steve Kane and Dr. Laura HF4.
Romeo and Eddie Kay have a pair.
Ever seen them together?
I'm sorry, at the end of the set.
Foodies got one, Biglet Bandits got one.
Albee Silk, Riftshaw, George Nuri and Joyce Kaufman,
and Jeff D. Foa and Joe Rose have none.
All of those, all those people have between them among
the bunch of they got none.
Joyce Kaufman?
I've made Joyce Kaufman.
She's so wonderful and so liberal and so Jewish.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
I think the weather started to turn Saturday here.
It's going to be like fifty and Sunday, fifty two and Monday,
fifty six. You ready for that?
Just in time for nice vacation.
Here's color rage, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Well hi, hey, I've been monitoring your show for several years.
I love it.
I'd have to go with Phil Henry on the poll.
I think everything Mo has is turbidid to you.
Yeah.
What would you say you give him?
Hairpiece.
And thank God for the smart, I'm really surprised that she was found alive.
Aren't you?
I'm surprised we don't have a whole bunch of calls about Elizabeth Smart.
After all, she said seventy five consecutive hours of coverage.
And that's like many hours before she even was found.
Yeah, well, most of those cases, usually the child is dead.
Well, you know, I thought so too, but yesterday on the news, they said that most of them are found.
Now, you know, if you listen to one of these experts, they'll say most of them aren't found.
They say if they're alive after the first two hours, the chances are okay that they're going to be alive.
I guess that's what I heard too.
Because they said that if they're going to kill them, it's usually within the first two hours.
But he didn't want to kill her.
He wanted to keep her as his second bride.
And you call them all places.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
What I'm more on?
Right.
Okay. Thanks for the call, pal.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Where do they get notions like that about second wives and multiple wives and things like that?
From a crazy ass religion.
You know, from Joseph Smith.
M-O-R-O-N.
Yeah, he left the other M-O.
Yeah, the wasn't in the Bible.
Was it?
Oh, wait, I'm sorry it was.
Joseph Smith, man, he had the tablets.
Okay.
And he said, take two and call us in the morning.
He said, take two wives and call me in the morning and then take a couple more.
He also had 3D glasses.
Did he really?
He was in Palmyra, New York, you know?
Yes, I do.
You know where Palmyra is?
Up there.
Let me show you on the map.
Oh, right now it's right here.
I rack.
It's right near my rack.
Five, six, oh, I tell you, we could sure use a lot more calls.
We got five billboards up there.
If we had one call for each billboard, I'd be happy, you know?
No, seriously, I was thinking about that during the break.
If we could just get one call for each billboard, I'd feel like we're accomplishing something out there.
But these people, all they can do is just add a name to a list.
You've got to break it.
You've got to have a little bit more than that.
Come on, folks.
I'm sure you can do it.
We're on the verge of blowing a goddamn world up.
We're going to go to war any goddamn day.
We hate the a freedom prize.
We got a Elizabeth smartest home in case you missed out on that story.
After 9 months of disappearing and we thought that she might be dead.
And this scumbag preacher goofball polygamist run off with her.
And we found her yesterday.
Thank God she's still alive in a good shape.
But like I said, I'm afraid some other crap may have gone down.
I'm pretty sure all of these things.
And these people are like, you know what they remind me of?
They remind me of Mrs. Wallace on passions.
You know, after Beth keeps putting the duct tape, you've got to use do the time, something with the duct tape.
He's putting the duct tape over her mouth and he's got a tie in the wheel chair.
It's great.
Nice going, Beth.
What a great show. Too bad you're not into it.
Sure, a lot better than the crap you watch.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Oh, yeah, Neil.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call, sir.
Well, you know, I saw one of those billboards.
I decided to call.
OK.
I'll add a name to what, and then I want to talk a little bit about the one I rack.
Richard Simmons.
When we at him?
When is what time is he on?
He's on the 12 o'clock in the V.A.X. line.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
It's not the record subject.
I'll have to make an eye of that.
No thanks.
No thanks.
What about Craig?
He's doing a show up in the WSBR.
He is?
Yeah.
No thanks.
No thanks.
We have to put people on there that anybody in the nose where they are in a station that somebody
can hear.
Nobody knows Craig.
Even I didn't even know he was on the air.
Yeah, he's back on the air.
Yeah, great.
Nice going Craig, but anyway.
Well, I was like, I think I have the answer for all of our problems.
We got to send Gilbert over there.
OK.
See, how did I know it was one of those?
First, he starts with Craig Worthing and some guy, Richard Simmons on Waxie, and now he's
into Gilbert.
OK, probably Gilbert won a Gilbert's boyfriend's this week.
Oh my God.
Oh, I was on such a high.
I felt I was taking hallucinogens.
Maybe that somebody had sent me some acid or something.
Isn't that what I thought it was?
I thought it was just sugar cubes from my tea from my throat.
Sugar cookies.
79 votes for the mad dog.
52 for Howard Spurm.
39 for Phil Henry.
Rush Limbaugh.
39.
Keep your eye on that rush thing.
Randy Rhodes with 30.
She's kind of dropping back.
What?
Hank Goldberg 25, the SNIT Meister 25, Paul and Ron 14, and Mohaward David had still
stuck on seven.
He stuck and can't get off.
5670560, these calls are sensational.
Just keep this in mind as you get ready for next week.
It's going to be great.
Yeah, it'll be dynamite.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You have a great show, by the way.
You have a partner, believe, one of the best shows in radio.
I'm a Jupiter.
You know what that sounds like?
It's a drop.
Drop.
And these are the freaking bomb up here.
How do you, how do you get ratings?
I mean, I was needed through the through the static in the same age of HVTV, this digital
this, digital that.
How do you have such a show with 5060 year old technology?
Because I have a bad agent.
That's the answer to your question.
You were like, yes.
If I was on, if I was on national radio, I would be a contender, man.
I'd be kicking serious ass.
I'd be making millions and millions and millions.
I'd be influencing people.
I'd be making the help and make decisions in the world.
And I'm on this lowest little horse ball station in South Florida on the ass end of the dial.
And nobody can hear inside of the building.
That finally after five and a half years under threat of death and lawsuits, finally put up a few billboards.
And it's your right.
It's a miracle.
Anybody knows that we're on.
But you know what?
I get people getting my car.
I say, hey, how can you even hear that?
They can't hear because it's so much fat again every day during the summer.
It's just amazing.
If your thing is bad and Jupiter, you ought to hear it on Uranus.
We'd like to have a great day.
Crank it up real out.
Okay, open the window.
Crank it up real out.
1026 at 560 WQ.
We'll get some calls here today.
If we have to bust your gut.
Okay, I'm not going to do it.
Because I'm making a nice recovery now.
I feel excellent.
Plus I'm counting down.
You know, the rest of the day.
And we got tomorrow.
And then you're on all next week.
To which I say.
Oh, right.
Do I need this vacation or what?
Big time.
I'll tell you a great place to go.
Do you like to West Book?
If you try to lose some weight, which I'm doing now, I lost a couple more pounds.
I got to do it.
Got to do it, man.
Get that pressure down.
Get rid of those blood pressure pills.
Get rid of those diabetes pills.
Throw them out the window.
Anyway, do you like to West Book?
Is a super store for people who are trying to lose weight on the icons?
Or any other low carb diet?
It's a great sugar free store and low carb store.
They got three new flavors of their low carb crunchy racquet chips.
And new low carb brownies by carb control and four delicious flavors with only one carb
preserving.
So whether it's their carbolite ice cream, breads, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, and sauces,
or any other 600 low carb foods, the lights of West Book are the place you're going to love,
because this there was entirely dedicated to use.
And you can sample anything in the store before you have to buy it.
They got an knowledgeable staff that knows they're dieting inside and out.
They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10.
And at the lights of West Book, they carry the most complete line of African brands,
products in the world.
And a good part of it is they're always 25% off the regular price all day every day.
The Atkins diet is rated way up there.
So after the number one low carb sugar free store around, the lights of West Book are on the
Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or call 1-877 Low Carb or check them out on the
web at lowcarb.com.
When you mention PD Lenning and stuff and the lights, they'll say, oh, you mean the guy that's probably leaving QA.
I'm pretty soon.
My life and loco.
This is Sports Radio by City.
QA QA.
I don't have a penis.
QA.
QA.
And so we got yet another installment at a spectacular mobile, how it inhabited his home.
We got J. Feetler coming up as a very spatial guest in it.
And after that we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow.
That will be a J. Feetler.
QA.
When you're doing, Mal.
Mal.
When you're doing.
Mal.
I'm clipped in my nose here.
What's it to you?
You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here.
And what are you gonna do about it?
It's my show.
I'll do what I want.
Now!
Just like I was telling that dream and tank they called a ring.
That's not nice.
Ready and made not nice.
You see the size of that broadband?
Talk about jumpable.
Somebody wants to paint yes or no on a wrist.
Well, is she know about promotions anyway?
Huh?
The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy.
Why else think she can even entire him?
Uh-oh.
She's packing it now.
Yeah.
I can smell the prince not to my ability.
You have to go in the air and say those nasty things about me.
Oh, there you come into my place of business.
Don't you know we live?
Like Elko Afeira.
I've had enough.
You have a soul dead right here.
Peace, wear and fossilize.
Met a musical filled motherless.
I'll see here.
I told you.
You're fired.
Hey.
Where are you, fast man?
Come here me.
Close.
I'm gonna close the door.
Don't put it on his face.
You're gonna crush him.
Come on.
And between my bones.
I'm getting out of here.
I can breathe.
Get me out.
Yeah, I'm gonna get a blast of pressure.
It'll help this.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
1033 at 560.
There goes the Moenmer-Lade Doreen again.
But they just can't take it all straightened out, you know.
Here's one that says I have a suggestion for future police.
Could be tomorrow's poll.
Did you look at this?
Did you examine this?
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
I'm gonna put this on the list.
For Doreen.
So if you see me, oh look at that.
Elizabeth's file.
It was fine.
Elizabeth's smart.
It was 14 years old when she was taken.
Oh brother.
Papa.
Papa.
Papa.
Papa.
It just goes on and on and on and will never stop.
It's incredible.
The media is sick.
The media is sick.
The media is sick.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
You're gonna get immersed in it.
Okay.
You're gonna put all your energies
and take your entire brain, whatever you've got left at this point.
And you're going to immerse yourself in whatever.
CNN and MSNBC and Fox News tells you where to stick it.
like that. Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. I never got to tell you what the most annoying song was.
Not good, but that's good. Oh, thank God. What? I'm not going to listen to that crap again.
And the fact that let me say it again, anybody that wants to call this show and just give a name for a
listen, you're going to be gone faster than you can say that. Okay. Oh, yeah, I never got a ride
on you that all by the way, they put you took six weeks ago. But what's your what kind what's
your favorite kind of Kishki? Speaking of Kishki. Yes, that barbecue thing issue sale.
Barbecue's the lore. Yes. When is the sale today? Today. Today. Okay. Well, nice good.
And did he actually come in and tell you that? No, Duff went and tried to down attack. Oh, my God.
You know, I asked stuff about PD Lenny. And you know what he said? He's an asshole. That's what he said.
That's exactly what the muff mice do told me. But all I forget that Duff bit we got we got so many
great bits today because obviously the caller has gotten out of the say because it's not just another
list with one name. I might just play doing seriously because you actually do a lot of the stuff
before the show. I'm not going to make it a great stuff. Oh, God. You know, give people a few yucks.
And also that weapons of mass destruction. I pledge to myself. I'm paying that at least once
an hour all day. And tomorrow. That's one of the great that that's his all-time great masterpiece.
If you ask me and that covers a lot of territory. Other than Neil what radio personality do listen to most Jim
Mad Dog Mandage 87. You can't beat the mad dog. Oh, right. He's doing it, baby. He's a wild man. He's a lunatic. And that's what we like.
Live and local. That's us at WQM where we're radio-ish. Don't forget next time we'll give the addresses of all of the most billboard.
Jim Mandage 87 Howard Stern 61. Now isn't that interesting since it got to be 1037 Howard Spurms percentage went down.
That up. Huh? He was over 15% though. I kept my eye on it. I kept my eye peeled. Phil Henry of course as we knew
which was later. This we're sorry about that. Are you sure? Yeah. Phil's got 50. A large ass limbo's got 50.
What is wrong with you? What is so funny now? Oh, shit's got 45. Randy Rhodes with 31. Hank Goldberg with 30. Paul and young Ron with 15.
Moe Howard David is got eight. Bob and Tom seven. Joanne Mark five. Dr. Laura five. Tom Joanne and Steve Keene each have four. Old time joined
in the fly. Jack don't you remember him? The small potatoes for he was so bad on passions. They hit him on for like two days.
Probably informant was he ever funny? Did he ever do or say anything funny? No. And if you think his radio gig is bad.
He's acting on passion so bad in embarrassing. Anyway, even Rebecca was put off by it. Romeo has three.
Foodie's got two. Romeo and foodie. Romeo and foodie were sweet heart and they make a great song.
Eddie K's got a pair. Big lip banded. He has one. Rick Shaw's got one. That's here at my good friend.
Back to him. Rick Shaw's got one. That's not what I want. That's what I want. Sorry Rick.
We took the time to call in and wish me a happy anniversary. I'm like 27. I still have emotional about that. That was damn nice.
That was really that's certainly nice. I heard anything Greg reads ever done. I'll put you that.
And it was heartfelt with Ricky Tiki. That's that's what I liked. He said you do great radio.
I'm just going to choke him about him now. Greg the George Newy's got one. Yes, he Carlos. You thought when I put that on there,
that all of a sudden, oh my god, all these votes are going to come up for that. Whatever his name is.
That was the name vote to. Huh? That was oyster. That got voted for that for sure. Yeah, figures.
What do you call me? In oyster neck. Geek. A pencil neck geek.
George Newy's got one. Joyce Kaufman's got one. How you doing Joyce?
Oh, I'm a canceling on here.
Joe Rose has one and I'll be sick and a silken D-Fost. I've not had a 424 votes. They got the big.
How do you like that? D-Fost got about 75 billboards all over the place in his hand for months and months and months.
And they spent it with their own money. They're on the light bulb.
And he's got nobody listening. How do you like that? So based on with the vast audience,
we've had over these last five and a half years or used to have anyway. We ought to have like 100 billboards,
but we'll settle for the five. I hate to break the news to you, Mo. But there's another mystery.
One of the looks like it's going up in near the Miami International. And guess who that's going to be again?
No, you only get one mo. Okay, you haven't earned more than one.
Now what did I do with the list of billboards? That's an important thing, isn't it?
I hope I didn't smit-can it. That would be bad.
Well, if I did, I'm sure that muffled facts it again. It gives something to do, right? Now, here it is.
Howard David's billboard turnpike on the east side visible going south to the north of Sterling Road. It'll make your flip your lid when you see Mo.
20 before 11 at 560 W. Can let's get those phones lit up. Baby, let's have a phone festival today in honor of whatever it is.
Honor of Elizabeth Smart being found in red. Home, she's safe.
And it's the Shamrock ceremony. There's a president thing.
The person demanded that Iraq.
Have you liked that? Oh, he's talking about the Shamrock.
Tom Laman and Joe Prieto of Halif Pondyak GMCR pleased as punch man like Hubert Humphrey.
And proud to announce their Neil Deal March Madness sale that's going on as I speak right now.
Neil Deal number one. Pick out any new GMC or Pondyak in stock like the 33 mile a gallon vibe.
Let me say it again, 33 miles per gallon. Price is lowest 13,998.
And get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months. You heard right. Your ears aren't doing a duumaxi buildup.
0% for up to 60 months. Here's Neil Deal number two at Halif right now.
Choose any new vehicle in stock and get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate.
And you are absolutely correct. Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle in stock.
Halif's also got as always great Neil deals on quality use car throughts SUVs.
And you don't have to worry about getting a deal done because they're not picky about your credit
like so many other car dealers. If you've got any desire whatsoever to get you into something,
they'll get you into it and maybe a vehicle too.
It's another set of great Neil deals going on now at Halif 134, one South Fixie highway
that's on US one right across from the falls. They've been going strong there for over 35 years.
And the reason they're still around and going strong is because they feature right and
make great deals. They're open every day seven days a week for more info. You can call the
Neil Deal hotline at one triple eight. Don't I sound great today? Yeah.
Well, I'm serious because I've been I've been ill and man. I've been read this is the first day.
I feel like almost human since that stroke. Even though everybody takes it very lightly.
Yeah. Yeah. You know, you know, I'm saying stroke much of mindless assholes called the
Neil Deal hotline at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five
three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit. A provolacy dealer
for details. The one good thing is though I get to call every day from somebody in middle
or upper level management. They're a QM saying you're doing all right. Now you how you feel you need
anything. Halif party. I'd see unlike our radio station. They do be professional grade.
You. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded.
The dumb people killed with the gas that we stole them first time aggressor nation and
they only want that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil for it.
Forget about curious. There's no
with our
Right we is really in over and over into our head
At the rag pass on, weapons of destruction
We are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Ain't there's oil to be cuttin'?
Go and after said down to, Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of
The name is laudeth, but no one seems concerned of
A comfy and complacent, believing every word of this cartel
In administration that control this white bear through
Leedy am manipulation and the right wing
Is reeling it over and over into our head
At the rag pass on, weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the ash-brock misdeeds
I have nothing to hide, table-pockers all are saiyan
Sino-median cattle don't ask any reservation
Southerned provokes battle and world annihilation
O vision must fall, it's halverging and stoke
With no objection at all, till the crack don't have the palm and the right wing
Is reeling it over and over into our brain wash man
I rag pass on, weapons of mass destruction
O vision, only eyes rag pass on, weapons of mass destruction
What a effing genius, you know, he's just amazing
Never know what to look at him with that oyster neck, I'll tell you
It goes to Shoya
Exactly, 1049, oh look at that, it lives in the smart
He's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he
home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home
he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he
home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home
he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he
home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home
he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he
home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home
he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he
home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home
he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he
home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home, he's home
and when he goes into play 18 round another wholes of golf with Prince Charlie, where owns triads and insees killed him And he went a little bit back home
it's Nation
Buyaine Town
At 560
WQA
If you're depressed, take cheer up
You could have Michael's face
His eyes can't even cheer up
What's wrong with Michael's face?
He wears a doctor's mask whenever he goes outside
Played Maddie just head to surgery
We know he lied
Skin like a gaze show woman
Eyebrows that go too high
A foamy cleft in his chair
He don't look like a guy
Dumb and dead, project or not
K what happened to Michael's face?
He wants up with Michael's face
Yeah, I'll hold things out of place
Doesn't have lips like Randy, monitor, main or key toes
You'd be more likely to see that face in man and two souls
If you're depressed, take cheer up
You could have Michael's face
Eyes that can't even cheer up
What's wrong with Michael's face?
Strange creature here from outer space
What happened to Michael's face?
It's 11 on 3 at 5, 60 WQA
Almost caught me in the middle of a swig of my diet coke there
That would be bad
And you know about people who drink diet coke and possible for a fair amount?
Anyway, this passage is only as rather sad
Because I guess somebody out there in the audience is very naive
It says the reality of this administration is sadly for them
Enjoyous to us
Is that they are kindergarten bullies preaching schmitt to logical thinking Americans
We've had time to think it out
He can't get away with it and he's going to realize it soon
Well
Nothing could be he's got a totally back rights
He is getting away with it
He is going to get away with it
He's getting away with it now
He's got the American people easily brainwashed, easily led
Just keep repeating the same bull crap over and over again
And just like that guy that was on a couple calls ago, you're a whole new friend
He's a dangerous guy
I'll tell you one thing, Kim Jong-Eel is not only dangerous
But it not only has nooks but he's crazy as a bedbuck
He's not just an evil doer, he's a crazy evil doer
And we prodded him with that access of evil crap
We'd prodded him like stick it in with a pitchfork
Called him a pig meat
Yeah, but again, we handled that diplomatically
Because they've already got nooks and it's kind of dangerous
By the way, this story, we got many things
Many many things
All of these things
Since the calls are kind of sparse
Since we've taken away their ability to call and say
Uh, Sheila Graham
You know, what's something like that?
That was for Bokobrine
That was for Oysterneck
Chaney is still paid by Pentagon contractor
Huh
How do you like that by Halliburton?
These are the same people that were doing business five years ago
with the Sodom, with that evil doer, right?
Halliburton, the Texas Company, which has been awarded the Pentagon's contract
to put out potential oil fields, fires in Iraq
and which is bidding for post-war construction contracts
Is still making annual payments to its former chief executive
The Vice President Dick Chaney
The payments which appear on Mr. Chaney's 2000 month financial disclosure statement
are in the form of the fruit compensation of up to $1 million a year
When he left Halliburton in 2000 to become George W. S. Rene made
He opted not to receive his leaving payment in the lump sum
But instead, have it paid to him over five years possibly for tax reasons
And A to the Vice President said yesterday
This is money that Mr. Chaney was owed by the corporation as part of his salary
for the time he was employed by Halliburton
and which was a fixed amount paid him over time
The company would not say how much the payments are
The obligatory disclosure statement filed by all-top government officials say
that they're only in the range of $100,000 and $1 million
Whatever that means
Nor is it clear how they're calculated
Halliburton is one of five large US corporations
The others are the Vectel Group, FloraCorp, Parsons Group
and the Lewis Burger Group invited a bid for contracts on May turn out to be the biggest reconstruction project since WW2
It's estimated to be worth up to $900 million for the preliminary work alone
such as rebuilding your back's hospitals, ports, airports, and schools
In other words, in the long run we're talking about multi-billion-dollar contracts
How do you like that, huh?
So obviously, money's got nothing to do with it
And the more that's seen or heard, think about Richard Pearl
Money has nothing to do with that either
Which is why Richard Pearl is soing him back
Because he's so bent out of shape
Right, so we're buying the bonds
We're buying the bonds
We're buying the bonds and then we're going to rebuild the buildings that we blow up at the bonds that we bought
Right, now you got it
You think we can rebuild the people that we kill?
Well, they can do that
Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes?
I've been looking for ten years
You hold I am?
Fuck panning man
Hmm
Hmm
5670560, pound 560
You know, it's so little time
You guys with the butterfly nets out there that are running around, so little time, so much work to do
One last call on the board, then I guess we'll go to play in all these great pits that we've got
Because they got nothing to say today, huh?
No, seriously, it's tragic
It's a national scandal
And this guy's talking about, oh you can't talk like a bunch of kindergarten kids in the American public
Right, they're good for fun
Who are you, kidn Mr?
What kind of are you living on?
Well, look at that, the sun is out, it's a beautiful day man
One o'clock comes, I'm going to hit the street, I'm going to go out there and hit me a nice lunch
Good
You bet your sweet ass, I'm going to go out there and hit me a nice lunch
I'm going to read all the newspapers, find out what's really going on in the real world
Most of the snow is melted and just like vanished out there, it's a fantastic life baby
It could be any place but there
Here's Miami, hello
Yeah, hey, as far as the freedom of five's go, are they going to get real serious and have freedom ticklers?
It's a good point
Yeah, that's right, when we talked about that freedom kissing, yeah
Oh, it was about this home, there's a good news
Thank you, been waiting for, it was about as smart as home, her dad calls for a national amber alert
He's been fighting for that since she disappeared, right?
But don't you think that, and I'm not being smug when I say this
But with all the confusion we've got already on the yellow alert, the orange alert, on the terror alert
I mean, how many alerts can we have, you know, well let's dispense with that silly horse crap
That would be a good idea, they just have the amber alert
Right, we have missing kids like you, real thing that means something as opposed to
Because we don't want people like running to the windows and jumping out for his out of hysteria
Every time we get another one of these damn alerts go, meaningless poppycock
Right
To pacify the public, just like the duct tape
You know, again, this goes back to that facts that I read about, well, the kindergarten thing
I want you to stop and think
They said that, I don't know what the percentage was
But there was a significant percentage of the American populace
And we know it because they ran out to their home depot and all their hardware stores and post the coast
And they bought up the duct tape and the viscweed and the bottled water
I mean, duct and then, and then he had a like a week later
When they were getting ready to lower the alert again, they come to find out that a lot of it was based on phony information
At that point, he gets up there and he's starting to make jokes about, well, store the duct tape
Ha ha ha, you know what that reminds me of? It's like these press conferences
Here we're talking about embarking on going into uncharted territory
We have no idea what's really going to happen here, okay?
With this little thing that we think we're going to accomplish in a couple of days
We don't really know what kind of pan doors box we're going to open up
Or what kind of a Tinder box we're going to set off
And in the meantime, every time they have one of these press conferences, we got their yucket it up
But I like it like it's some kind of a sports press conference or something
Yeah, I like it's an exercise
And Rumsol, of course, has been doing this ever since 9-11 since he started having his practically daily powwow's with the media
There's a little daily shadow boxing with the media
Ha ha ha, I like it to make jokes
Gangway paint the only thing that's funny, you know
I guess it is
5-6705-60-560
Should Congress pass a national amber alert measure to aid in locating missing children?
CNN's asking on their full 7% no 92% say yes, of course they should
It works
In fact, the people that found her and these two scumbags of the day, they recognized the guy from TV
They said we know it was him because he looks just like the picture that we've been seeing on TV
How do you like that?
What are you laughing about?
Why are you chuffling?
Oh, remembering that bit
Oh
Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Hey Neil, how you doing?
I don't want to ramble off, but I just like tell a quick story about our social security system
No thanks, call for Andy
Oh my, are you kidding me? Did I really hear that right or what?
All right, are we going back to the KAT? Is this like going full cycle again?
Going back to the social security system? You must be off your rocker, man
This is a show where we try to keep the average demographic under the age of death
And wonder what we're doing celebrity death watches on this show now, holy cow
Tintons of VX nerve agent the weapons inspectors believe it's considerably more than that on the political front those benchmarks will once be
Disagain be discussed by the Security Council three o'clock eastern time British foreign Secretary Jack Stroud today said if
There's really a problem with all six of these benchmarks the United Kingdom would be willing to eliminate number one
Which is that President Saddam Hussein has to go on radio and state television to renounce weapons of mass destruction
Right
And don't forget the 18 holes a golf with friends Charles he's a little concerned about the holes back home and those British worlds have been read a lot about what they've been doing lately
No, what he just don't want to back in anything he can't get out of
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line other than Neil what radio personnel need you listen to most
That's our poll on neo-rangers dot com today where we got some fantastic bedtime stories and a great cartoon too today
You better go to neo-rangers dot com if you really want to see what's going on in the world
Jim Mandage 110 we get a lot of phony votes on here not for bad dog Howard's 393 we believe those
Rush Limbaugh 73 and SNIT 68 do you believe that no no
Phil Henry 65 do it does anybody listening to me right now believe that there are more neo-rangers listeners who listen to the SNIT Meister than Phil Henry is anybody believe that no
No
Randy Rhodes 40 the Humper's got 38 and then a small potatoes after that Paul and young Ron on Zeta 18
Moe Howard David is stuck he's stuck there with a very meager behind
Oh relax Bob and Tom have nine also
Joe and Mark seven Role me Role me in a gloomy he's got six Dr. Laura and Tom Joiner and Steve K. Mr. Eagle each have five
Eddie K. We have in four
Footies got two rich draws got oh you know who voted probably for Eddie K the guy who I sent that letter to Greg
Right in the Resett of cases favorite footy and rich Shaw and big lip and it and the George Nuri and Jeff the fourth each have a pair
There's one more for George Nuri Carlos
Joyce can start in Joe Rose one and Albee looks still has the big none the big oh wow that's sad we don't have any power 96
Punx will listen to this show they might learn something okay besides
Yeah they might learn something beside that you think they play that on power they play M&M don't they don't they play that they play that in fact we know they don't have to go to power we can play for them here
That's right we'll get that power crowds sooner or later that's our goal and it
10
13 11 13 10 to the central time 11 13 on the East Coast which includes Toronto by the way in case our engineers aren't familiar with that if you're still a little bit nervous about ordering a bed over the phone
Don't be nervous step right up to the phone pick that thing up because over a million people of autumn actress over the phone from Dalai
My Chris including me many times and hundreds more do it every week because they finally got smart Dalai
My Chris guarantees you that very few things in your life have a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than the quality of the sleepy
He gets ready to get a crappy mattress you're gonna not gonna sleep with Schmidt so call 1 800 mattress MATT are yet
1 800 did I hear something air Carlos?
No I'm taking care of it
1 800 MATT are yes right now
Wait till those people right till Royal Canadian Mounties show up there back up to the door and you'll have a great night sleep for a long time from our friends at Dalai
They got the best mattresses in the world not some off brands. They nobody ever heard of they got silly
Surtok Simmons King Coil every size and style and Fat Boy tells me that they're working even though they don't have an outlet up here
They're working with some joint up here and gonna get me a nice mattress how do you like that?
Because they're sensational that's right dummy up good idea
Dalai mattress is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction they got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else
Because they know how to treat their customers right by the way
Once you buy a mattress from Dalai mattress you'll never go back to a showroom again
And don't forget when you buy your mattress from these folks they set up and the brand new one and take away the crappy old vetting for free
It's almost unheard of but it's true
Dalai mattress takes away your crappy worn up soil messy vetting and sets up your beautiful brand new one for free
So make the call right now believe me you'll be pleased the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do just make one simple call
1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES and tell them that old deal told you to call
DILOMATRUS and what just happened there George I don't know
Oh look at that again I happen again it must be because I got a sore side because of Mo that I knocked the thing off
Fusion's head coach and I love the queen of South Florida Neil Rogers should be in Brooklyn in Palace but we'll keep him here
You sang the Irish songs and did the Irish jig dance naked on the bar but you don't recall who it you made the best of your same Patrick's day this time
Don't ask the question why your head it pounds inside there's something quite predictable the things you did last night you never drank more beer in your life
You parted hearty those green beers were just done
Rowdy and the lips your rent that wasn't a good sign put down your broo to hit the john once in a while
Let the measure so king white hit mostly the four tiles there's nothing in your memory what you did say Patrick's night you never drank more beer in your life
You're left feeling quite miserable up and ask for left and right you never drank more beer in your life
You're someone quite predictable the things you did last night you never drank more beer in your life
Well my psychic power is kicked in again nice going good wasn't I just talking about Prince Charles you were here's the big straw scandal
Conveniently is on a two day tour of Bulgaria if you please
It's Charles as actually said that he finds this report uncomfortable reading but that he does take the blame and the responsibility now the man who's resigned Michael for said he has the charming nickname of for said the fence
Because he's the one who's logged all the royal presence and kept 20% for himself but you know isn't it convenient he resigns today not a word of him in this report and not a word of his resignation about why he was going
But I'm out to spend more time with his family
Isn't that great he must have what 110 teeth he makes Mr. Ed look like he wears dentures a senior royal aid to the Prince of Wales Prince Charles body Prince Charlie with the kilt has quick despite a report of the royal household saying it found no wrong doing by servants
The inquiry criticized for being headed by Charles private secretary Sir Michael Pete recommended tighter controls and procedures but on cover no evidence is serious wrong doing despite expressing misgivings about some stack practices
Is that still practices it was commissioned to look at allegations that world gifts were sold by the princes staff and was sparked by the collapse of the trial of princes Diana's butler Paul Borrell last November we'll get back to you Diana
Michael faucet at the center of an internal inquiry to St James palace will work for the prince on a freelance basis the UK press association reported today
Prince Charles on an official visit to Bulgaria I got a put him on he just sends me right to the
Charles says he will implement the recommendations but frankly Carol it's going to take much more they're not calling it a white wash report more gray wash or
might as well take a lot more I was just going to say might this affect his chances to be king but we have to go so you'll have to answer me quickly
Absolutely not absolutely correct I love it accusations in the meeting that faucet it's all gifts and taking a cup from the sales were unfounded the report said in
sure we found no evidence of staff by selling gifts around the right of the without authorization or taking their commission to unsale the inquiry also
examined to follow from the Borrell trial and the allegations of cover up amid accusations of homosexual rape by one of the Prince of
Wales aides honey like that no question about that in fact maybe maybe we listen to motion when I heard gang rape is funny maybe that's what the
Convince them to be doing anyway there you go there's the latest scandal from the royal family and here here we're paying attention on what they're saying
We're worried about the what the Brits are saying these are our allies these silly geese that's pretty sad that's the best we can do
Here's a real chronic factor who says
I was flipping station last week and heard a familiar voice Alice Rantell was on with Sean Hannity
A lot of combo that is spouting hate spouting right wing self-hating crap
What what is it with these self-hating queens like him and misdrudge and of course you left out Andy Sullivan and the formerly David Brock
Yeah, that whole thing with a self-hating faggot turns my stomach man makes we want a food
Gussett self-hating right wing faggots. I guess they have a death wish is that what it must be gotta be
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey nail. Hey, Dylan great
Speaking of turning her stomach how come every
Public press conference now has to talk about religion including the smart thing with these with the dude Lucifer
Whatever's named oh yet doesn't make it nauseous and then he's dead
Other than the parents coming back and there's the uncles coming back and saying the miracle stuff and then
And then bush talking about him getting on his knees in the white house and then Lauderd getting on his knees
Yeah, Monica said she got on her knees in the white house, too
This is this is I mean I like they should tell over I don't want to bush his prayer sessions
No, thanks. No, thanks people be puking all over the country
That's what I mean and put it up against the Dom praying and his power
Let me say this you know about the smart people and bringing that god crap into it
It's like people that survived on 9 11 or other horrendous like playing crashes
What about all the other people how come guy didn't take care all the other kidnapped children that wound up getting murdered within the first two hours
All the other kidnapped people like a shan verlyby how come guy didn't take care of them. Of course shan verlyby
We know the answer is hey get the wrong god. God took care of smart. That's the key
Neil one other thing. Yes, sir
The second biggest phony is the phonyist issue going now is this medical malpractice cap stuff
In Brevard County where there's 500,000 people there has been one
Medical malpractice verdict for a plaintiff in six years
Yeah, in a last and I have no sympathy man the medical profession is at a scratch
They don't they don't monitor their own they allow these butchers to keep doing their thing and I have no sympathy for them
It's a complete joke the statistics
If you look at the statistics itself the figures itself
There is no it's ridiculous that the doctors pay three percent
malpractice insurance now they want to go to two percent like that's gonna make a difference
Yeah, okay good luck to us pal. Thanks. See you around eight five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a most doctors are butchers. I'll tell you that right now most doctors
They wouldn't know a god damn
Wart if you saw if you had it on your nose. What's that?
I'm serious. They know they couldn't diagnose a common cold
I'm not saying there are a few good doctors, but if you find one besides my friend doctor Hampt if you find one
Let me know she's great, but other than that
I can't say too much about any of them. I do mean any of them. I wouldn't wish them on
Sodom
26 past eleven at five sixty WQ amount of great Thursday boy you want to see what I'm looking at man the sun is shining a blue sky
Oh, you ought to see what I'm looking at
Carlos oh, I'm sorry
Hey, I'll tell you a great place to go see Jeff Cohen. I look at him may not be much
But they got some nice friendly people who wait on you there at the pizza lot in fact every now and then they got some pretty interesting numbers
Work there you know I'm saying of any variety
Jeff Cohen is the master when it comes to serving you upgraded tide and food at a very teeny tiny prices big portions
And what I love is that everything is cooked fresh you go into a lot of these so-called Italian restaurants
And the pasta is like pre-cooked you know hours ahead and then they let us sit there in like water
Oh, and by the time it gets to you it's mushy and the everything is al dente cooked to you order the way you love it at pizza lot
And it is sensational taste the difference three different kinds of great pizza garlic rolls that'll just have garlic dribbling down your chin
There's nothing like having a dribble down your chin and of course they got specials every night of the week
Two so you can eat it even cheaper prices you and the whole family
They got chicken and veal seafood calzone super subs and they do take out carry out
What is it delivery and also catering for any of a ferry maybe having going on and they do a stupidish job for as low as five bucks per person to
Two locations for you now and grow our pizza lot is growing like topsy well not quite as fast
But they're doing it during plantation and in Davie plantation to run on the corner of knob hill and sunrise behind wall greens
So after you get your prescription filled pop in there and go to a pizza lot for a fantastic quick delicious meal for take out a delivery and plantation call
954 382
1999 that's 382
1999 let me say it again sunrise and knob hill right behind the Walgreens and in Davie you'll find them
I'm university drive between gripping 595 right be out here what imports kitty corner the new armadillo cafe with acres of free parking and
Fantastic deals here's the number in the Davie it's 954 916
8880 954 916 8880 the world flaming pizza lot
Brandy West and they don't come any better than me or Neil Roger
Explain for name
That tune
This host Tom Kennedy
I have everyone welcome to name that too
Tonight our finalist will last week will have a chance to win our million dollar jackpot. Let's meet our finalist right now
Mr. Jeff Lindsay
Don't be nervous you did fine last week. This should be a breeze. Yeah, all right. Let's get you that million dollar jackpot
Are you ready for the first two? Yes, I have been practicing all week. Okay, then here we go. They we hear the first tune please
Yeah
Stop thank you got it. Yeah, I'm gonna have an ad-norton you are correct
Okay, this is the big moment you can quit now or keep yours. Oh, no, I want to go for your head to the million dollar jackpot
Very well for one million dollars name this tune
What are you gonna stop something wrong? No, maybe you didn't hear it right again from mr. Lindsay
Oh
That's all murian lucky
1133 at 560 wqm. I'll tell you one thing. I hope everybody else is enjoying today as much as I am
Yeah, this has been special. You know what I'm saying?
Really
I'm very often in a lifetime at least not a misshow
Anyway, I've taken it up pouring in all kinds of votes on a poll some of them real out of not but we don't care
Just have a wonderful time
Other than Neil what radio personality you oh, by the way, CNN reports
God or representative of God and he clearly has some mental health issues
See, but there you go. They go hand in hand God in the mental health issues the God squad
Elizabeth's home. That's the report
Anyway, Jim
Other than the what person out of us in the mode now let me just say this about this poll because we did this before
I think a couple of years ago
Before at least over a year before mad dog was on every day
And back in those days Phil would always vary the competition. Are you sure?
Am I right? Yeah, for those? Yes, not even close, but
Now that mad dog is on every day between one and three right away following the show Monday through Friday on QA
We're ready wish
Uh, he just the knocks everybody was got 120 votes for the mad dog
Howard Sterns got 106 this percentage is back to almost 17
Which I knew he'd go up a little bit after he got off the year
Rush limbaugh 79 Schmidt 73 which would do be us and Phil Henry's got 70
See what I'm saying. Mm-hmm. Now I don't doubt that
I don't even know we put him on there a little bit late, but not very late and the reason being that
We both you and I forgot to put him on at all right
Because out of sight out of mind him he's on air at night on a marginal station
If I have plays the heat teams half the time at night and uh, he just don't even think about it anymore in our market
I mean he's doing just fine, but I mean in the south Florida market
He's just like an active thought compared to what he used to be
Hey Goldberg 42 Randy Rhodes 42. She's still hanging in there
Which shocks me shocking Paul and old Ron 18 see the difference there 42 all the way out of 18
Bob and Tom 11 and Mohawar david 11
Bob and Tom and have a lot more than 11 if anybody could hear him in proud and date
Like if they were on this station in the morning
In fact, look isn't that interesting?
Bob and Tom and Mohawar david and each have 11 you see what I'm saying here yeah
And they're not even in a market
Yeah, what does that tell you so if they were on this station in the morning man
They probably have like 600 votes already. So I market albee silk has seven
Do we believe that sure? No, what do you mean sure? He didn't have any last time. He's very popular just by osmosis
Get out of here. You must be dreaming man
Albee silk has got seven right maybe seven fingers on one hand
You don't have no seven Jim maroom. Romy's got six times join her and dr. Laura and Steve canychev six
Eddie K-4 Greg new George Newrie's got four
Art Bell junior
Vivo has three footy and richaw and the big lip band and enjoys counting each have two you think Joyce has big lips and Joe Rose has one
Who's only like part time anyway?
The big lip band. It's time would Joyce Kaufman
It's Joyce Kaufman. I made he's so wonderful
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello
Every day every day one this what is it hold music somebody called music? I don't know
It just it sounds so it's like right right fuzzy generic hold music
Well the Beastie boys have a more protest song. Have you seen it? Yeah, the
Book of Brian give it to you? No
Put it on this this you can download it right on the internet if you want
Of course, I couldn't do it here because I have no audio out of my computer, but you could do it
Is that it? Yeah, well you got on this wall a little bit of it
Now
You don't defend any lyrics. No, I'm getting rid of it. Kill it. Where to go beasties
Beastie boys have a more protest song
And that's what it goes like
Like call it a protest song when you can't understand the freaking lyrics that recent most recent mo bit
That's what they sound like maybe too many bad drugs, you know
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Clearwater. Hello
Neil God. How are you doing great?
I you know every time I drive by what used to be Clearwater mall
I get like warm and fuzzy feelings of when you showed up there when you were on a radio station up here that had no promotion
WSUN right and nobody knew that the radio station existed and you pulled like
6,000 people into this old mall
Yeah, that's right while you're exaggerating a little bit
But I think it was about 5,000 we had in the mall in the beginning there and then for some reason
It just after last that started attacking us or for whatever reason we didn't belong on here in Tampa though
And I'd like to send a beginning and then what's they met us they hated this?
You know, I cannot believe that snit is big in Miami
This guy is the worst talk show host I ever heard
He's awful. He's like I always tell everybody. He is vintage WFLA
And then when I found out that he is on FLA and he does the show from there
I just about fell off the goddamn chair because he sounds like everything that's wrong with FLA
Exactly. I mean he is pathetic and awful and then I see I just I'm looking at your poll on the web
And I see Steve Kane is still alive
Yeah, he's hanging on
He's about 114 years old now. Yeah, but he's got all brand new body parts. We look like not over day over 90
Oh, okay, so that worked out well
My only one question to you other than the fact that you are the I have to tell you I was talking to a
Adjellemann and his wife out in Arizona who are religious delegates and they own a radio network
And they were looking for talent. I said
The very best talk show host in the entire universe is at Neil Rogers dot com
They they looked you up and they called me back and told me this Satan was working on me on a regular basis
That's correct and I said absolutely, but you know Neil is
Good whatever happened to Jazmakeh my second favorite Miami talk
I think he eloped with Joyce Kaufman. I think he's stuck around that big box
It's been correct. I mean is he still working? Is he still alive? I you're asking the wrong guy man. I have no idea
I hope he's on the outside for a change and I was up in West Palm a few years ago and I heard Randy Rhodes and it was so damn
Irritating yeah, she's irritating. You're right, but she is gonna
Don't worry about any war man. She's gonna solve all the problems in the world by this weekend
So I have no fear because the goddess is here. Hey, Neil have a marvelous day. Have a great life pal
There's a nice call from Clearwater. We had a good call from Lansing one from Clearwater the calls in town
Of course a little bit hostile
And we're used to that after all these years
20 till noon. Now what does this say Tommy brought in a production order for dry concepts on with your voice
Uh, no tried to not discuss anything about that with me now. I know nothing about that. So what's the answer? Huh?
I beg your pardon
I mean, I hate to have to discuss this on the air, but uh, well why shouldn't we
Because it needs to be produced or not as the case may be no, I don't we don't I don't do that. Okay
I do not do I do not be doing that
I don't know what to do. Not done
I'm not going to start participating on the light bulb. Let's see how to press X dolphins 15 years sentence thrown out
Cecil Collins. Oh my god. We're gonna have to play Cecil's lamentant on over this. Yes
A state appeal score is thrown out the 15 years sentence of former dolphin running back Cecil Collins
ruling that the judge in his burglary trial did not give his relative a chance to testify in his behalf
The fourth district court of appeals on Wednesday upheld Collins burglary conviction for sticking into his neighbors apartment
While they slept early in the morning of December 16th
1980 and 1999. What is that 99?
But the panel shrought the sentence because Broward judge joys julien sentence Collins within an hour
The jury's verdict despite protests from his attorneys. They need time to fly in Collins parents and coaches from Louisiana to testify
How do you like that?
So there you go you go Cecil
So when you see a face at your window
19 till noon at 560 wqm speaking of Troy the boy. Let's talk about our good friends at Brandy's
Okay, since Trojus messing up everything he touches these days. He's on a bad streak. Oh Troy
25 years in business for Brandy shoes in Pombo beach and they're still going strong and like I keep telling you any independent family
Shuster that lasts that long nearly a quarter of a century is gotta be doing a lot of things right or like a little more than a quarter of a century right now
Like I said like offering a great selection of men's of women's famous brands like rock ports
Echoes mafisto Timberland Clarks S.A.S. floor shine and lots more
Then there's the big range of sizes they have from men's teeny tiny six all the way to a big impressive 15
Women's five to 12 and width from a very narrow to very wide. I bet you Jan O'Rino's got a size big one
And don't forget their professional sales staff
I'll help you pick out the right styles that you like and sit down and make sure you get a perfect fit every time with real personal service
And with over 40,000 parents stuck in their 8,000 square foot megastore
You'll almost always be guaranteed exactly the style you want is in stock in your size just about damn guaranteed
So when you need to need to take your feet to Brandy's where there's always a great special seller promotion going on like this week
All this week at Brandy's take 20% off all spherry shoes and get a pair of spherry american originals for only $9 and 90 cent
Visit us at www.brandies.com or better yet pop into the store with your feet
Brandy shoes at 12 90 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach open daily 9 to 9 and Sundays 10 to 5
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
I broke in through her bedroom window
And my name is Jim Maumick
Now what I did I knew was crypto
But that ain't no the two is your play for the fish
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me
That another bitch was someone else's wife
As early as it was me and healthy
And I found out when it changed me with a dime
Why didn't that bitch tell me
It was too dark to see
She'd be in bed with her own bed
And that's the best part of me
We don't feel it now
147 at 560 WDQ in the mad dog is coming up at 1 the Humper Hank Goldberg at 3 and then we got 650
Marlins and the Met's exhibition baseball any interest no any case follows the baseball game and join Mark overnight
We got 85 million billboards up all over town anybody seen him
Yeah, more and more popping up every day
I'm not talking about the one to Phantom one that you keep seeing it keeps disappearing
The one at the time share with 75 of the things on there. Mm-hmm. I keep losing that list. I think it's uh Freudian
I think I'm doing it like partly on purpose. I keep losing the list of
Duff sent me
It's here somewhere boys and girls because we want to read all the locations. Don't we? No just a joke
And why does Mo care about that? What is he so concerned about whether or not I read the locations of the billboards? Huh?
Because it goes towards how little time you actually spend doing a show? Oh, I see well
Listen anybody that does only three hours a day and has a sidekick that does half of the show
And then has those long long sports updates and then all of the spots of course on every in between like we all have
I think if you like three hours
If he if he does three minutes an hour when you boil it right down all by himself then he's doing three minutes a day
I thought they had three
Units on that show as opposed to 16 on this yeah there you go
Dollar hollars when I'm hearing
So you put 20 and then another seven or eight for the sports updates at the top and bottom
So that's 28 minutes leaves 32 and then see you divide that times by two is a guilty see what I'm saying? Mm-hmm
Anyway, so here's commercial bullivart on the north side visible going west is east of the i95 entrance is a
Oh god billboard. We'll just drop into the hank is gal one i95 in a west side going south
Half-mile south of bar bill of art and a mad dog on sample road. How can we stuck to mad dogs billboard?
We're up there in sample road on its bed
Can we swap his out with mose? I mean
Sample road on the north side between 95 and the turnpike is the mad dogs billboard. Oh, right
At least we'll take it whatever you got it something the first time in ever right? Yeah
Too bad we're not getting a lot more
Uh spy reports on him so that we got that one new listener pet we've had two new listeners this week
In any subtract the one who sent that nasty letter to Greg Reed who claims he's now listening so we got like a plus one
It's like plus and minus and hockey, you know, we're a plus one this week so far. It's only Thursday
New York City Council approves resolution opposing a raki war. Oh
The New York City Council and the place had hardest by the 9-11 attacks to prove they resolution yesterday
Opposing more with the raki except is a last resort
The 31 to 17 vote came after months of debate over where the New York should stake out a position
If we're going to be looking for a fight let's fight poverty let's a democratic support of the resolution
Democrat Alan Jennings said that after losing one of his closest friends in the world trade center attacked
He was in no mood to vote for an anti-war measure
Our troops are in the Middle East at this time to fight for our democracy Jennings said
I think this resolution sends the wrong message for a man and woman in uniform
The resolution back were only if other options for achieving compliance with you in resolutions calling for elimination of weapons of mass destruction
And the means of their development other since September anti-war resolutions have been approved in cities including LA
Kalamazoo Michigan Kalamazoo
Portland Maine and Milwaukee
Where do you know Milwaukee they ate a lot of bratwurst and they drink a lot of
560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's the call from Kendall. Hello
The poor wreck people boo
Didn't hear wordy said what do you say? Well, you dumped it right? Yeah, okay
The poor wreck people
Uh, now what were you gonna say before about during the break you were mumbling? I couldn't hear what you were saying
Oh, I thought I shouted it out. We have um
We have a
Requests for that most recent Mo bit
The most recent about the moan durian
Yeah, yeah, there are people lined up waiting to know when you're gonna play it again
Oh, how about now
All right, what would it mean is is that okay? How about after the next break so that we can go uh, or you go out and
Yeah, I mean the door keeps opening up when he can apply that again. Yeah, so I'll run
Okay, we just played that now and you know hold him off like a town cry. I'll run up another hall
How's the poor coming other than Neil and even I noticed in that spot you did you said by the way? Oh, no
You hear that Carlos
That wasn't the copy. I'm not taking the blame for that one
Carlos Yuri said by the way even in the spot
Can't help himself
Other than Neil what radio personality you listen to most we've got and we got look at the votes
George 672 do you believe it? No, no
But it's fantastic Jim Manage 126
Howard Stern 114
Wreslin ball 80
The Schmidt-Mister and Phil are tied 76 are you sure although Phil's votes are for real
I'm sure Hank 47 the goddess 45
And then it's small small tiny potatoes after that remember that song tiny potato no don't how
Paul and Ron 18 on Zeta
Bob and Tom 13 have just moved to pirahed of Moe Howard David and honey like that
Grab Bob and Tom who aren't even on and Dayton browder on and Palm Beach County and they're great love Bob and Tom
Joanne Mark have eight
Mr. Ego and LB silk and doctor or a seven I don't believe any of the LB silk both
I don't think we have anybody listen to the station who listens to power 96 not one
You yeah don't agree time joiner and Roma each have six that's a good quenella
George nuri five on now you're going there Carlos you're really moving you in
Oyster neck
Eddie Kay and Jeff de florist each have four footy and Joyce kalf mini champ three
Oh, what are the station footy to be tied with Joyce calling of course footies your spots would be well
Our punk stole us in the old parts on a radio and that's true
Right
Right those 10-year-old kids will listen to y100. They're sure not listen to us and that's good
Rick Shaw and the big lip band at our tied with two apiece
Ice going Rick and Joe roses got one Joe's got one
In fact that may account I'm not going to be able to do it yeah
I just got so much stuff piled up on here. It's just like I'm all over the place
They're just a lot of stuff going on here today. Maybe that's why Joe says I like the we we that's what I was gonna say
I really really wasn't worth it to lost the effect on yeah, whatever
Okay, five six seven so what did the guy say to poor raki people in order with them? That was the a negative guy
That was the asshole poor happy on here. Okay, what he says
The moment I hear your voice you're off we have to dump up in a new vanish. Okay you and the adjorde tape sky
There's just no point. There's just no point and then
Putting up with it. He's just an imbecile
Plus his voice is so god am annoying that that semi whisper crap ahead is just the when you like to do him with a baseball bat
Just shove it right up his back. Don't just beat him over the head with it
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, I'm driving so I don't have a computer. Can you put my vote in for me?
Can I put your vote in for you? Yeah, Joey Reynolds
Oh boy
How did you know?
Whoo boy they're coming out of the woodwork now just like they're popping out of your rectum. I am that hemorrhoid. Yeah
Like I said
Why he's he's no uh George Neary. I'm sure that look at that to douse up a hundred and eleven and a half points
That's at 22.60
Making a big move today. Maybe can you smile?
Making the big movement today. I can all you can feel it in the air so at noon
We're gonna be playing at Mo and Doreen bit that's very big inside the building. See now what you're trying to do
Which may not be all like creative an idea is program my show based on the the desires of the people inside the building
Oh, no, just passing along the request. No, no, I'll play it. I never I never turned down the request inside the building
I just hope that the audience is like all been out of shape and psychotic because George is like you know sticking his nose in again
five sick
See when you know he's so sensitive. You know, it's just it's just a play
Yeah, well if you would have done a better job in sending me my goddamn pills
So I didn't nearly have to have another stroke running all over town from one clinic to another to find another dog
Although I still am so impressed the way that he was a young doctor
I mean, you know, just he's new his crap in fact even told me a little bit more about the planet
Certainly than the other than people did a Cleveland clinic. Oh, oh
He said it's it's one of those things you take every day and the the benefits of it increase over time
You know, there are many drugs like that, you know like in fact like a legra
If you just take it once it might not do anything for your apologies
Yeah, but if you take it regularly and the the effect of this increases over period of time got it got it
There you go and but frame to say how many do you want?
I didn't know whether to scream or appear my banana. I didn't know what to do with that point. How many do you want?
It was great
He writes me out of prescription and he says take care of yourself and good luck
And have a nice day and I go to the counter and she says $35 please a and that's Canadian
That's like 22 bucks
22 bucks
This is the chainy I like to relax by having very magnet on the side my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
And so we got yet another installment that is spectacular. Well, how did it?
It is shown
J. Feetler coming up as a very spatial guest in it and
After that we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow that will be a J. Feetler
What are you doing?
Mal? What are you doing?
Mal!
I'm clipped in my nose here. What's it to you?
You just stand there one more and show and cut your nose here.
Didn't really get going to do about it. Huh? It's my show. I'll do what I want.
Just like I was telling that streaming tank they called Irene.
That's not nice.
Ready made not nice. You see the size that I brought to talk about jumpable.
Somebody wants to paint yes or no one are here.
The hell is she know about promotions anyway?
Ha? The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy.
Why don't you can eat an entire ham?
Uh oh! She's back in the now.
Yeah, I can smell the prince match of a pavilion.
You have to go over the air and say those nasty things about me.
How dare you come into my place of business.
Don't you know we live like Alcoa Feet?
I've had enough.
You pompous old dead rat hair paste wearing fossilized metal musical film motherland.
I'll see here, fatso. You're fired.
Hey, you bastard.
Don't come near me.
Oh, I'm gonna pop sit on your feet.
Don't put on his face.
Stick on a crush.
Oh, right.
I'm between my buns.
Oh, my buns.
Oh, my buns.
Oh, my buns.
Oh, my buns.
So, about three at five.
There's 60 WQM.
You know, after the rain set on his push, so to speak,
and like farted in his face,
maybe that explains why he's making no sound.
Oh, my buns.
Oh, my buns.
Oh, my buns.
The poor monster.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0,
Oh, yeah. Elizabeth Svartow.
Let's hear it.
Okay. Let's see some enthusiasm from the South Four Audiences.
Little Elizabeth who says, cute as a button, man.
She's beautiful.
She's 15. She has survived nine months with these crazy people.
These crazy religions to get our pow just for being redundant.
How's that pool coming over?
700 votes. I'll tell you they're having a field day today.
This is the kind of thing that every wacko out there in radio lane just goes nuts on.
707 votes, we believe it.
No. But we like it. We love it.
Don't we love it, Carlos?
Love it.
Well, you're sure off your feed today.
What happened? Eric picking on you again?
We've almost over.
Okay, don't even say it.
If you haven't promised Eric again, I want to be the last person.
And don't forget also since I am such a hell of a guy that even while I'll be on vacation next week,
that every day we're going to continue with these days, my bedtime stairs on our website.
Okay. Any arrangers.com?
What a guy.
Yeah. I mean, why not?
I'm not saying I'm going to get up six o'clock in the morning to do it, but I'll get them to you when I feel like it.
And we also have a change of uncertainty in Sunday.
Now we're going to put that Miss Grudge right where the hell you know he's only got what a million hits a day.
A million, twenty-fifth million.
Huh? We're catching up.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, we're doing over a hundred thousand every day. I'll tell you that.
What's he doing about 75 million an hour?
About 30 million.
Anyway, here's the fact. This is I was glad to hear last evening that Elizabeth Smart was found alive.
She seems like a beautiful child.
All right.
It was nice to prove all the experts wrong and they're thinking that Richard Reese probably spelled wrong.
Yes, it's Reese. R.I.C.C.I.
Had killed her before he died. They gave him a cerebral hemorrhage and his agaranteus family.
Though his wife, where the lawyer was on it this morning and you could just see the look in their eyes, man.
They're just counting the cash registers.
Ryan I agree.
And remember the young guy that was adrift that they first accused and had the world looking for him for days.
That's the guy that drove over to was it Virginia somewhere and he was in a check himself into a nut house.
Check himself into a funny farm.
I think he got references from Muff.
And this guy never even worked at QIM the one anyway.
It says I'm glad she's home and saved but I think there will be a lot more to this story to come out that he's ahead.
The Smart family seems a little shaky to me for some reason.
Oh, I haven't heard anything like this.
The fact that Elizabeth and her abductors were stopped twice.
She gave them a different name.
The fact that her sister after months figured out who the guy was when they were spotted.
They were walking down the street. You would have thought that at some point you could have bolted.
Yeah, but that's you know, that's like St. Petty.
Hurts could have bolted too. That's that stock home syndrome.
And there has to be some floor connection to the store we haven't heard yet like they hung out at Disney for a few.
As a matter of fact, they did.
Yeah, they just had a thing on it before they made trips to Disney World and there was one other place.
Maybe Vegas.
I don't know. I may be wrong in my thinking but I'm sure Larry King will figure it out.
Oh, yeah, they're going to have a panel. I'm sure they'll be have another panel.
And I've handled it. We got a great panel.
Oh God.
It says don't forget on Moe show the guy with the voice. There's a traffic update about every ten minutes.
Oh, that's right. I'm Mark Morgan.
Oh, I hear that. If you could only hear how that sounds in here. You know, on the speakers here.
Yeah, I really good speakers. We hear it in here.
But it comes on pre-delay.
On Mark Morgan.
I just about jump off the chair when that comes on. So he goes on for a couple of minutes.
So if you add enough all of the different stuff they're going to be between the sports updates and the traffic updates and the spots and in gully.
Pat, pat, pat, pat, with all of that.
And take out the live spots also.
What do you got left of about 45 seconds?
And this guy's talking about in addition to which what the hell difference is it make how long I'm on every day?
What's that got to do with anything?
You know, I'm taking a big check to the bank every two weeks.
I think that's what disturbs him. Plus we got five billboards, Mo.
And you got one.
How do you like that? You silly old coo with bad varicose veins and a dripping bag.
You silly old man. What do you say to that? You silly coo.
Huh?
Yeah. He ain't too happy about it. What he's trying to say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, we got Mickey Mouse and Eisner Part 3 coming up in the next break too.
Excellent. Oh, I'm telling you. We got some heavy-duty stuff.
For whatever reason, this was the week that everybody just went nuts with good stuff.
Must be the pre-war stuff, huh? Yeah.
Where are we going? We're going to a beautiful Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Thank you for wonderful years of your talent on the radio.
And the price was right.
And I have a quick question for you. Maybe you can help me.
Yes, sir.
Or maybe George can do it. He's an expert.
Right. I live in cheer religiously.
But sometimes I miss like an hour or so of your show.
And I go to your website to live me to live on your archives.
And last year when I used to go to it, a player pops up and you can slide the slider.
If you miss the third hour, you can go to the third hour of the show.
Now when I go to your website, I have to do this little slider.
You have to hear the full four hours of the show.
And sometimes I hear Hank's show on one of your archives on a certain day.
Is there any way if the audio player comes up that can hear like the third hour or the fourth hour,
not the whole four hours?
I have no answer. I'm listening. I'm waiting for Carlos.
Die, die.
What a joke.
But later during the day, if you guys can go to the website and just pop up on the day,
I think why I can't fast forward to another part of the show.
I'm not going to have to go to the website and just pop up on the day.
I'm not going to have to go to the website and just pop up on the day.
I'm not going to have to go to the website and just pop up on the day.
I won't know today, but I'll find out I'll put it on for you tomorrow.
Neil, thanks for a wonderful 20 years and so.
And have a great life.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 0, divide in Europe deepening France and Germany dismissed the British proposal.
I like that. Good.
Did you hear what the German said to a Tony Blair?
No, I understand that this couple keeps track of everyone.
And that's what they said.
And that was even before the story about Prince Charlie came out.
Well, it was Britsman.
And they got real problems.
Those Brits are going to have the schmitzers.
And of course, that's nasty when you were in those kilts.
Wow.
I think it'd be kind of handy.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I want to talk about what I'm scared of.
What are you scared of?
I'm most scared of like the people like Richard Pearl and all those guys.
I'm scared of the Whits.
Scatterlet me.
And I crowd.
Yeah, I'm scared of their most optimistic interpretation of the situation.
I'm scared of that being correct.
Yeah.
And then what that'll do to the world.
The old chicken hawks.
Yeah, man.
If they're right and we change it, you know, we put a new regime in there
and they're waving American flags, then they're going to stop it Iraq.
They're going to see that as justification to go on to the whole rest of the world.
You see, it's kind of like the duct tape thing to show how stupid most of the American public is.
This business about we're so concerned about the oppressed Iraqi people.
It's just like saying we were so concerned about the Afghanistan of the Afghan people.
After 9-11, we couldn't give a crap about them one bit at all until we had to go back and get even with the Taliban and try to find out something your mama.
We didn't give a crap about what they were doing.
In fact, we were going to be business partners with them in the Afghan pipeline.
So we could shift that oil again from Turkmenistan.
But we didn't give a crap about the way they were oppressing the people.
So all of this bull crap, all of this flowery sounding we're going to export democracy.
It's a bunch of horse crap.
We're not fooling anybody.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Well, thanks now.
Take it easy.
Okay, I'll see under the bed.
Oh, the poor Iraqi people.
There are prestige of tyrant and a dictator.
Oh my god.
Do you ever hear us say the poor Russian people?
Isn't that interesting that when we manage to keep the top going all of those years,
the cold war finally ended and communism died of its own.
It took its own demise.
Right.
They got a natural death.
And we managed to hold off Stalin and Khrushchev and all those lazy bastards.
But all those nuclear weapons and a humongous arsenal of weapons of mass destruction,
every kind of chemical weapon has ever been invented.
And then some Cuban missile crisis.
They were right there right off the day.
There you go.
And we somehow managed to avert all of this psychosis.
But it seems that our leaders that we got in there now, the old chicken hocks,
it seems they want to lead us in this direction of going to war with everybody.
Can't do it.
Virginia.
Can't do it.
Because if we're really going to go after all the people who are being oppressed,
then we're going to have to go after Syria and Saudi Arabia and Iran and North Korea.
And the list is almost endless.
And then we'll take care of Fidelic on a weekend.
You don't want to say?
Yes, sure.
Liberty, power, Cuba.
Now you're talking.
Now you're making sense.
The power, the power, the power, the power, the power, the power.
12 minutes after noon at 560 WQ.
And we finally got the lowdown on Barbeque's Glorath ice to a duff,
who went down there, grabbed PD Lenny by the neck and slugged them a couple of times,
which is a good idea.
And finally got an answer for us because like all of our other sales, I mean,
why should it be different?
The rest of the sales department don't give a crap about their accounts,
so why should PD Lenny?
You know, as far as giving us information, then we should know.
Anyway, it's getting 100 degrees every day in the shade and soft-flute,
even though it's only the middle of March.
Does turning on a hot stove to cook dinner bother you?
Does the prospect make you nervous?
I knew it would.
Maybe you should start grilling.
And for all your Barbeque needs, shop at Barbeque's Glorath.
Barbeque's Glorath is the guaranteed lowest prices in town.
And this weekend, starting today, they get even lower because they're going to be
as Barbeque's Glorath holding their big annual spring sale today, tomorrow, Saturday,
and Sunday only.
Take advantage of gigantic savings like 15% off on most Barbeque's and accessories at Barbeque's Glorath.
Save over $275 on a 52-inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie,
stainless grills inside burner.
The price is unbeatable.
Or how about saving on a Weber grill just great for tailgating?
They have a Barbeque for every price range and smokers and patio heaters, accessories,
cookbooks and sauces, and they're all on sale too.
You get a big selection, unbeatable, awesome sale prices,
analogical and friendly staff that'll fit you with the right grill for what you need.
Top brands, great service and annual spring sale going on now through Sunday only at Barbeque's Glorath.
If the Barbeque's Specialist don't forget, say 15% all this weekend at Barbeque's Glorath,
you'll find them in Plantation and Coral Springs for the exact store locations call their tool free number.
1-800-grill-up, 1-800-grill-up for Barbeque's Glorath.
5-8-Local, this is 5-16.
There are a few of yours.
2-1-3-2-1!
Eisner!
Mickey Mouse, David.
Mr. Mouse?
Who's it?
It's Michael Eisner.
Michael Eisner?
Who's it?
I'm just going answer my phone!
Sorry, boss.
If that is the husband!
Bonnie Osmond, what do you want?
It's Michael Eisner, sir.
It's not Donnie Osmond, it's Michael Eisner, the press president!
Oh boy, Eisner.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal.
Sir?
I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare you had of going through.
I'm the one who really gave me out of here.
What a smashing successor.
The thing was in the toilet!
It was unbelievable if you break down the Democratic.
You know what, Eisner?
Say that I'm just happy it's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely missed,
toppling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done.
Hang on.
Remus!
An omelette would...
Remus!
Yeah!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm gonna do it, ma.
Do it quietly, Remus.
That's not quiet enough, Remus.
A blue bird stinks like an armpit.
Go!
Sir, our May sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity.
Get me out of here, too.
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights.
40 nights of omelette's celebrity, get me out of here.
You're killing me!
And the celebrities 10 times better.
Oh my god!
We've got...
Hold on.
Remus?
Remus?
Yeah!
Take the harmonica.
Slide it up your back and walk it out.
All right.
All right.
We've got Bernie Kapel.
Who?
Bernie Kapel, the doctor from Malabbo.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the stuff.
Stop snoring, spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my god, she's terrible.
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Wait a minute.
Is that the president's a noting nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake, you can't put him on there.
And then...
Hold on.
Remus!
Remus!
I can't hear you, Bob.
Remus, I'm on the phone.
Hey, the animal!
Stop drilling!
What are you making?
Making a new condenser, Bob.
What's wrong with my old condenser?
It's your lucky-em-shop.
My shellac-em-shop.
It's my lucky-em-shop.
Oh, no!
Oh, stop!
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we've got we have for major aliens to serve.
We've got Scott Bacula and Leonard Neymoy.
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neymoy.
You're a new boss.
Remus, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, boss, but he was following those things.
Oh, my God.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Remus!
I thought I told you to put that harmonic op your butt.
Sorry, I farted, boss.
Oh, don't fart in the office, Remus.
But the proveers come at me!
I can't see.
1221 at 560 WQAM.
Oh, it's almost too much for one day, you know what?
Now, who was it was it the Aztecs who worshiped the Sun?
Yes.
That was their religion?
Yes.
I was thinking of myself during a while listen to Mickey and Eisner.
I was thinking that if I was to believe in anything, and I've said this before, I believe in the Sun because number one life can't survive without it.
And number two, it's tangible and you can see it and you can feel it.
And you can smell it.
Right?
They had other gods, but that was the main one.
Was the Sun.
There were Sun worshippers and what's wrong with it?
Like a lot of people on the beaches down there right now they're worshipping the Sun.
Let's play the warmth of the Sun by the beach boys.
No.
Here's the fact from Tom and Boku says the new Mobyte is great.
Every time I hear it and Gildy says she's backing up now, all I can think of are those backup beeps that are on heavy equipment.
Maybe Boku can add them.
How many beeps?
About 30, man.
Is what Tom?
Tom and Boku say.
Excellent.
Nice going, Tom.
God, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless live.
Just a matter of days before we start dropping the big ones, baby.
That's right.
We're going to show them what for.
And then we'll go tackle North Korea and then we'll get those god damn Iranians that the Shmata head, the Iatola.
You'll see.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, no, Tom.
How you doing?
Great.
I want to know if you think of people that put mayonnaise on the shaman sandwiches.
Goiam.
Goiam.
What are you groaning about?
Goiam put mayonnaise on the shaman sandwiches.
You're not supposed to do that.
See you're groaning because you don't understand what he's getting.
It's a very goyish thing to do.
In fact, we've discussed this before.
Is that you or somebody else tell me they don't like sandwiches that have like dressing on it.
Dressing.
You know, like Russian dressing.
Like a Rubin sandwich.
He says Russian dressing without the Russian dressing.
Right.
Yeah, I think you're the one who's always too sweet.
I would agree with you.
I don't like when a bread gets soggy on the sandwich.
You're sweet that kind of dressing.
Right.
Plus, I'm not supposed to be no bread anyway.
Right.
I'm not here in DMT.
I'm not.
I am really.
I've got to, uh, now I have no choice.
I have absolutely no choice.
I like corn beet better anyway than piss from me.
Yeah, corn beet with mayonnaise is really for goiam.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
Do we got about 100 open lines here?
We got like 37 minutes to go.
I must've been a sensational show on this end of the day.
And actually a couple of calls have been okay too.
You know, a few.
Yeah.
Huh?
Right.
Compared to usual.
I'm trying to get them all geared up for you next week.
And let me say it again.
I'll be on vacation next week.
George will be on Monday through Friday.
The guy who wants to hear the George tapes will be in heaven.
He'll be squeezing himself.
No, you.
And I demand.
I don't request.
I very seldom.
Do I make any demands?
But since I am.
Yeah, I demand their loyalty.
At least right now.
Okay.
We're trying to make a big comeback here in spite of all the,
it's like jumping over hurdles when you work on a station.
Here's a call from North Miami.
Hello.
North Miami.
Going once.
And long gone.
Okay, see what I mean by support?
Let's go to our last call.
It's from Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, no, Neil.
Okay, sir.
Is it freezing up there today, sir?
Not really.
It's going to be about 28.
And then this weekend's going to be in a 50.
Oh, nice.
Spring is on a way, man.
Hey, I work.
I'm an optical lab technician.
I work for two doctors.
And she's from Toronto.
Not just people I ever met, man.
There you go.
But anyway, you know, you know, days like Monday, for example,
Monday our internet was all screwed up.
So we had a really all messed up show.
And I had to rely on the caller as the whole show on Monday.
And I'm going to tell you something.
And by the end of by one o'clock, I was ready to blow my brains out.
And I'm thinking to myself, what a difference between the people I speak to every day in South Florida.
And the people I encounter from the minute I walk out my door here and I go downstairs in a lobby and I walk out on the street.
It's like night and day.
It's like you're living on two different planets.
Well, I'm 50 years old and there's a necessity to ever work for.
She's from she's from Chicago area and she's from Toronto.
Right.
They're great.
Anyway, the best bit you got lately.
I heard it.
I guess the end of last week or it began this week was that it's funny.
Yeah, there's fell out of chair.
What is it?
I can't say the word.
Cotton to leave it.
Oh.
What the.
Nobody in the muzzle on the mouth.
Nobody muzzles us.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, that's not what the bees will you say.
Their motto is everybody muzzles us.
Hey, you still taking suggestions for all the birds.
In fact, that's going to be the new on the billboards.
It's going to say muzzles are us.
You still taking suggestions for the poll today?
Sure.
I hate real radio, but the love doctors are pretty good.
Okay.
And in closing, George, whatever do you do?
That was good.
Well, it wasn't him.
It was another guy.
He's a little bit original.
It was cute.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line on our website today are pool of the NEOWATCH radio
personnel that you've listened to most.
Jim managed 143.
Oh, right.
He's been leaning out of the box from the get go like a dog that leaps out of the box
at the dog track real quick and says, look at my ass.
That's what the man of dogs doing.
Catch my ass.
Howard Stern's on his ass with 127 getting a little close now.
And just changed again.
Mad Dog 144 Howard 128 Howard Stern that is always clarified.
Phil Henry 87 is in third.
Are you sure?
Rush Limbaugh 85 Schmidtmeister 78, a lot of phony ones.
Hank Goldberg 54, the humbers moving up.
Randy Rhodes 51.
Paul and Ron 20, Bob and Tom 14.
Mohauer David had 12.
Wow, they moved a couple ahead of Mo.
You know, Mark have 12.
I don't believe that.
See, but what, you know, I like Joe a lot.
But why is it every time we do a pool like this, they have to like,
diddle around on it.
Huh?
What do you think they are?
I know they are.
There isn't a China in the sense now.
12.
That's more people than our up all night to time that they're on.
You know, so obviously it's suspect.
I voted for them.
They, what?
I voted on it.
Al Bissuk.
You didn't vote for him.
He's got eight.
Dr. Laura's got eight.
Roamey and Steve Kane.
Mr. Ego have seven.
That's a good, good pairing because Roamey sounds a little bit like a,
Brian Craig.
Little Brian.
Tom joiners got six.
George Nuri and Jeff DeForest each have six.
See how does it change you now?
80K's got four.
Flipp and Richon.
The big lip bed.
And Joyce Kaufman each have three.
And four Joe Rose's second-winged last place would just appear.
27 past noon on a tremendously psychotic Thursday.
I just, I don't know what it is.
I think I'm looking at a beautiful sun and blue skies out there.
And I'm ready to get down on my knees and worship it all.
Worship the fact that I'm here and not there.
Anyway, if you need to order a bed, don't go schlepping around,
shopping at those department and betting stores and get ripped off.
Do the smart thing like over a million people have done.
They bought a mattress and a dollar mattress over the phone.
Hundreds more do it every week.
You should be one of them like I do.
Call 1-800 mattress right now.
You'll have to be guaranteed to grade night sleep.
I'm one of the top mattresses in the universe.
They got all the top names.
Seely, Sura Simmons, King Coral, every size, every style.
Whatever you need.
A twin, a king, a queen.
The auto mattresses ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else.
And you want to know why?
Simple because they know how to treat you right.
Once you buy your mattress, the smart way from dollar mattress,
you'll never waste your time going back to department stores and showrooms again.
And betting stores because it's just a ripoff.
You help them pay for their high overhead.
Why do you want to do that?
And don't forget, too.
Another part of the deal that's great is when you buy a mattress from dollar mattress,
they take away your crappy smelly soil old mattress and they set up the brand new one for you for free.
That's correct.
They set up the brand new one and take away the old bedding for free.
So call right now and do yourself and your back.
A big flavor and get a great night's sleep every night for years to come.
Call 1-800-MACRUS.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dollar mattress.
The easiest, the smartest possible way to get you a great new bed.
One day, a king of love.
We are sports radio 5-6-4-2-A-M.
Don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards.
Tonight, door and Clinton.
Let me ask you something, Bob. What's your wife looking for?
Bob Dole says, what do you mean?
Every time she makes a speech, she's staring up at the sky.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something about Iraq.
I ordered 7-9 bombing missions in Iraq back in 98.
But your people put a stop to it.
Desert Fox running a bell.
But Bob Dole says, you got a blowjob.
Yeah, you're a fault.
All you're a fault.
Your people have fixated with my penis.
It's still our...
Bill, you ignorant slut.
At least I don't need any help from my penis.
Bob Dole could always use a hand.
Bob, are those garter socks you wear?
My, you want to date?
You're not my type.
Bob, can you do this?
No, Bob Dole says no.
Oh, do this really fast.
Look, I'm making chatter puppets.
I'm not even in the same room, stupid.
I know he can't save me.
All the same to me, communist.
Okay, I'm done.
You double check.
It's 233 at 560 W.
What great devices those were, you know?
Yeah, who did that?
That is shocking.
A little genius did that.
Maybe it was Moe Donner.
Here is a fact is the Fox News School,
not that they make mistakes on Fox News.
Mitchell was a grifter.
Yeah.
That's the Mitchell guy, aka, what was his other name?
Yeah.
Immanuel.
Right.
He's a grifter according to Fox.
Well, they can't get it straight.
Now, they are afraid to put the big gun in their fridge.
I'm not afraid to put it in my pocket.
I think it would.
It might be some little for a grifter for a Democrat.
No, no, it's a word you don't know.
Grifter?
Grifter is a con artist.
Oh.
I thought it was a typo.
Oh, that's what you got.
That's hard, Monty people.
I was travelers.
Oh, and not like travelers, just like that.
And what did I say to you before the show today?
Yeah.
I said, what do you think he might have been a traveler?
And you went, just like that.
Anyway, here's Carl and Sidona Arizona, who says,
Phil can't be heard more than that anymore.
If you can't get the station, you can't get to him.
What do you like that?
And he says, part of the condolences song getting gagged.
There were notifications.
The station wasn't responsible for your fun.
Frankly, I can't get enough.
Stick around a long, good, good long times as Carl and Sidona Arizona.
That's for you Carl.
Thank you.
And you know what?
That's right.
Oh, that's coming up.
Well, that's the, hmm, one.
26 till one at five, 60.
WQM, the mad dog who is leading the pack, baby.
The leader of the pack.
He's kicking ass.
151 votes today.
Other than Neil, what radio personality?
You listen to most 151.
Howard Spurm, 134.
It's a pretty good battler, I would say, when you.
Phil Henry's 92.
Okay.
Wreslin by 85.
The Schmidt, my 38.
Bad.
Yeah, I'm really glad that guy from Clearwater,
from the West Coast called in.
Because even a lot of the people over there know what bad radio who he is.
I don't get it.
I just don't understand the attraction.
Other than he's on right after Rush, and he's, you know,
Rush Jr.
More of the same right wing crap.
And you talk about something who's on like about two minutes an hour.
Have you ever tried to listen to a show?
No, I have not.
Does Carlis ever heard his show?
Yes.
I mean, if he's on more than like 30 seconds out of every quarter hour, it's a miracle.
And he threatens he's going to talk about this.
I'm going to talk about that.
And they never do because they got like all of a sudden crap going on.
Nice go on, Chief Channel.
Hank Oldberg 54 Randy Rose 51.
Run in Paul 20.
Oh, it's a long drop off after the goddess.
Paul and Ron 20, Bob and Tom 14.
Mo Howard David at 13.
There's what a battle is between Mo and Bob and Tom.
What the fuck are you doing?
Jo and Mark 12, including George's and a couple of there's each.
And probably what's his name?
What's his name?
They were some to share with them.
Vlad?
Vlad.
And their boyfriends.
Albee silk 8, Dr. Laura 8, Jim Rome 7.
And there's no reason to read the other ones.
Small potatoes.
Single digits.
Tiny little teeny tiny digits.
Although it is interesting to you on the bottom.
Let's see.
Was there anybody who didn't have any?
No, Joe Rose had one.
Joe Rose has got a pair now.
Nice go and Joe.
Kind of small.
Joyce Kaufman, Rick Shaw, Fuddy and the big lip band.
It all tied at three.
And D. Foe and George and Nuri are all the way up to six.
Nice going, Carlos.
You and the oyster neck with George Nuri.
Don't we have a bit on that?
Do we?
Joyous opens.
Huh?
George Bell's style opens for the George Phil's
Infernal Show.
No thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a ATMC.
That's Verizon wireless line.
Here's moral gables.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Hi, sir.
Okay.
I hope you have a nice vacation.
Thank you.
I need it.
You know, you were mentioning the difference between the conversations
you have with people up there versus down here.
And I was just browsing around on the internet.
And I saw a CBS news report that says that a National Geographic survey
of American young and young.
Yeah, I had that around before about finding your rack on a map.
They don't have a clue.
87% can't find it even when you have, show them a map.
Yeah, even if you stick their finger on it.
And you mentioned that you were firmly convinced that that with the duct tape
Fiasco that was going on.
How could anybody be that stupid to buy into that?
First of all, for them to present that to the public,
shows how dumb they assume most of us are.
And to talk down to us like we're a bunch of kindergarteners,
it's just pathetic.
It is.
Have you noticed how much duct tape has been cropping up different aspects
of duct tape stories have been cropping up like the leaky bio suits
that our soldiers have to use after the whole duct tape?
And here's something from the Associated Press yesterday
that remotely controlled the un-piloted aircraft
that the US has been wearing.
The rack, yeah.
Well, the Associated Press report says here
a remotely piloted aircraft that the US has worn,
it could spread chemical weapons,
is made of balsa wood and duct tape
with two small propellers attached to what looked like.
Oh, right.
Engines of a weed whacker.
Excellent.
You can find that on the Associated Press.
They've called you.
How am I going to write now?
Iraqi drone, US warring, looks like more like a model airplane.
So here's the crap out of me.
Duck tape, it's everywhere, Neil.
Have a great tape out there.
You have a great vacation.
Thanks.
22 to 1.
I hate to say because I don't want to sound un-American,
but I don't really give a crap.
It's just the people here are so much more educated.
And even though the teachers here are always going on strike,
they have a lot of the same problems, you know, underpaid people, etc.
But the education level here is so much greater.
I mean, you just don't find the rampant functional illiteracy
that you do in American.
That's because the school system in America is a joke.
It's just like when Jeb ran for reelection.
Oh, he's the education governor.
And, you know, they found a tape that they taped that comment
about subverting the will of the public, which now,
right, now he's trying to get through the legislature
to convince the people to say, oh, we didn't really mean it
about the class size because it's got a cost a lot of money.
So we'll change your mind.
This is the education governor.
What are we talking about?
It's always politically correct very much so to say,
or number one, priority is education, bull crap.
You can't complain about the education in America
because generally speaking, there isn't any.
What are you talking about?
So what, I hope it should be, we can get these stories
a year after year, a year after year, 87% can't find us.
How about the ones that call us students we had at Surrey a few months ago?
They couldn't find the place where they live.
They couldn't find Florida on a map, Florida college students.
The ones from New York couldn't find New York City on a map.
They couldn't find New York State a whole bunch of them.
And it wasn't like about 13% couldn't find the United States on the map.
Okay, are you ready for that?
The same people that were ready to go out and buy the duct tape
they should be very impressed with the fact that 13% of the people, young people,
couldn't find the USA on a map of the world.
The, the, the, he gassed his own people.
He invaded another country.
He drank water from a creek.
He's got a bad mustache.
Oh, I am so glad to be here.
20 till one at five sixty WQM.
I'm so glad also that our good buddy Chuck Alphierry still taking care of guys out there
with that big ugly bald spot.
Creates a very, a, it's definitely this way like kind of a mental thing for a lot of guys.
You know that bald spot?
Yeah.
Now seriously, like an inferiority complex.
Sure.
And then some guys try to cover up with like with a dead animal.
You know, they stick it on there and people, they think people won't notice
that it keeps sliding off or that it starts moving around every once in a while.
It starts to and under forehead.
Well, the answer is the natural hairline system from my close personal pies on Chuck Alphierry
who uses the latest technology to make it look like it's really grown out of your scalp.
That's the key.
It looks like real hair, not like straw, not like some dead animal fell out of the sky on top of your bald spot.
For over 25 years, Chuck has worked with the famous and not so famous in everybody in between
to make them look younger and better than you ever thought you could again.
And you got nothing to lose.
They sit you down, give you free consultation.
They'll show you how much better you can look.
You're worse for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels.
If you're not getting ahead like at least 15, 20 times a day, try to let it give you full refund.
So here's the toll free number to call.
And don't forget to mention the Arrogers 2, because I'm not 200 bucks off the regular price.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413 and get your hair back and start looking sensational again.
1-800-321-2413 or log on to www.CharlesAlphierry.com.
You know I'm in the hole.
I just wish when you were fighting to be with you.
You were here.
This has been The Arrogers Show.
This is your blame.
Any questions?
It's a terrorist warning.
The Arrogers show that they're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
They're not going to be fighting.
I am just blown away by all this stuff today.
And it's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
It's almost too much for all of once.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
I'm going to get one more time before we leave today.
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington
Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington and Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington. I happen to be part of a 보�데 hiç Internet or something like that. I can't help it right now. Now just act like crazy! movie masters
but it is, I have too many disciplines that are a little over Mormon.
I make a mix on Yenio!
That's what I put
No, it's not original
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom a people guild with the gas that we sold
in.
First time aggression and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get
that oil going forget about Korea.
Our not forgot let's exploit them instead.
Hate there's oil to be counted going after sent down to Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in law this but no it seems concerned all.
I'll be in complacence to leave in every word of this cartel administration that can throw
us by fear for medium manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over
and over and over to our heads that I rackess of weapons of mass destruction.
All we're fine.
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now not the ass drop is saying I have nothing to hide.
Table's ockers all are saying.
Plinopini and cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout a provoked battle that's world annihilation.
Older should must not have a virgin installed with no objection at all.
The craft don't have the palm and the right wing is drilling it over and over
and over and over to our parade was spent.
I rackess of weapons of mass destruction.
All we're fine.
All we're fine.
All we're fine.
