uh...
new my phone lines everyday
are jam packed
i decided that you know i've always said it takes me six months to take over
i think i'm gonna take over here in a month
yeah i'm gonna be
if i get your love yours baby my goal be to get to your level in life
or calls in a an hour then i get in a week
i think i just have
every
slump from here to tell us he listen to you know we're taking over
it's your crowd we're gonna you know we're gonna do because you already have
like a you know triple digit numbers
we'll give you quadruple and five tumbles
alright it's just gonna be outrageous but if i'm it's time we're gonna be
live but it was looking on yachts out there
i feel like that's our last night's got
listen up what was their two people tonight there's gonna be forty thousand
yeah the my ones already called the day meal
and they said that they have not had this many walk up ticket buyers for a game
since the early sixties
uh...
what do you think about what do you think of my company
i think what they were saying is that most of the people are gonna be there in
the early sixties
that's it i guess mow and i was it
uh... what do you think of my company to the end to get a good story for you
yesterday with carless was looking for his car keys is actually doing five
foot bond hits in a car
i was with my a burrito clementi if he came to the grave if he showed up in
here right now and bit of money as cost is car keys in a puddle after you got
done with his fifteen
chodi
of the morning
he's not there yet spoke coming out of his ass when he walked in the building
everybody is beautiful over there he's usually got something in there
he's a c's burning patchouli oil
that the
is burning for you to get these that you had in there with you this morning
yeah i got
the ankle and c-sh
high high m-y ankle
i think i think c-sh is what being was smoking
oh my god
yeah these are my acidic two friends from crown high
i think they're real fashion plates compared to the pope
hey ankle wasn't a guy that uh... got killed in crown high since the mj ankle to
when i got
when i got murdered i thought it was you
go rosy ankle rosy back was his name
rosy and i mean only rose and bouncer's rangers
or a high m-y ankle yeah
high m-y ankle
have a wonderful day meal you to have a great time and i'm in forty thousand
they have a
forty-class like this
they have a scene cross like this since have its field
yeah
yeah right here
his form field man
right here in the middle and
hip-hop stargill
right here in the middle all the juicer coming tonight
you
let's wait for
radio big
char
oh
we passed the time away
in the gay old jailer
uh...
absolutely
uh... so as i play around the golf with moody other day
uh... the go to his house to pick him up
i only been the most house once
let me put it this way
it's not exactly a house
it's a century village condo in north boca
right off lions roady Kimberly boulevard unit thirteen or two
and the thirteen four
uh...
all the look in the abandoned shuffle boy
well
what could have paid for that thirty grand
uh...
he invited me up the
so uh... i'm not going to be else for me to come in
and i'll get this
he was sitting at the dining room table
under an autograph picture of himself
sitting at the dining room table
with another picture of himself in that picture
what a graph of himself sitting at a dining room table
uh... he's got a series to it
i'm in share carpet
it looked like the set on magic
i had old people cheesy smell you know
but they try to cover up with that uh...
what's it called a prince match a valley
but it still stinks like that cheesy valley
you should see all the panties he had on his objressa droid
they were all covering the nude pictures allude your coby
blah blah blah blah blah
who the hell do you think you are
spouting my personal piecewise honey air
but you're gonna put your motor on me
well i got those for your power
you gotta get a pretty early in the morning
put one over on me
even earlier now
oh
it's just funny
i'll drop a bomb on you
and face
and face
get any help but i'm all
with gold
with hair
not manganose king
i'm kidding
alright everyone
uh
It sounds like he enjoyed it.
Anyway, 10 or 6 at 5, 60, WQM, happy Wednesday to it.
But we got a circus going on here today.
What is going on in this place?
I'm just sitting here observing.
This is a madhouse today.
Where is a bonerboy?
What the hell is he doing?
What are you doing out there?
Sit your ass down.
I'm getting the nervous stomach just watching him.
He's like a guy that's whirling,
nervous, and he...
He makes sure a gold farman in the kitchen look like a mole.
That's how slowly he makes sure a look.
Just calm down a little bit.
You're just out of control.
Plus, you busted George's toe.
Nice job, by the way.
Excellent job.
That was no accident.
He's not supposed to be out there making fun of those young orthodox
getchkeys out there that Pharrell had on.
That's sped.
They make fun of them.
They're choice ahead gear.
They want to be living in the stone age.
That's up to them, okay?
He's living in the stone age.
You're never living in the stone age.
You just misunderstood.
That's why they relate to him.
Anyway, here's the result.
We had a mammoth.
We broke the record again yesterday.
You want to know why?
Because we had a lot of pictures on there.
This audience likes pictures.
You bet.
The more naked pictures, the better.
I don't...
Why don't we just make our website a pornocyte?
Huh?
We'd make a fortune.
Absolutely.
Or maybe that fat tub up in Orlando would make a lot of money
to get off your ass.
It seemed to be a long line back there, Carlos.
Oh, and speaking of a beener boy,
we got a little surprise for him.
I better not tell him yet, huh?
About what you hid.
And your mic is none, so we don't hear you.
What's the audience is enjoying that a lot?
Your mic is none.
They changed everything around and here again.
Oh, yeah, the tape isn't there.
The overhead in here is like unbelievable.
So as usual, people are in here screwing around.
Probably because of that crap you endgame yesterday.
They lost.
Marlins were supposed to score one last night.
Somebody forgot to tell him.
Because her coons lost five to one.
And a Marlins are supposed to be keeping in pace.
And they lose five to nothing.
Five to somebody forgot to tell him to score one.
He had poor foreweld.
He's got good intentions.
And he thinks he's going to go out there.
That boy, it's going to be there.
It's going to be coming from all over the place from Ojos
and Opalaka and from Sweetwater.
They're going to be coming down from sunrise.
They don't care.
They just don't give a crap.
But you know, he can give him a high marks for trying.
He'll learn.
Give him to add another week.
Anyway, once I just say before I oh, about the beener boy,
you're not going to tell him about that stuff you hid.
You're not supposed to tell him.
Now he's not going to pay me back the money he owes me.
Oh, I'm not going to tell you then.
But Miguel was in here, said you really ought to butcher up
that everybody in the building is embarrassed for you.
You ought to butcher up.
I can't believe it.
I'm not going to tell him yet.
I'll save it for later.
Let him let him wonder what we're talking about.
Okay, here's the deal we had on our poor yesterday.
Which WQM personality do you think despises Mojaro
David and the most?
Oh, I'll wait.
I'm not going to give the result yet.
Because we got six short of 1,600 votes.
That's spectacular.
That is six shy of 1,600 votes.
What did you tell him?
No.
Can't believe what?
I was being nice guy.
Nozzlin came in here.
I wanted to use it.
Let her use it.
And then somebody came in and stole it.
Yeah.
Now you know why she wanted to use it?
Because it's for girls.
No, she said that I smelled so great.
She had her nose nozzled up against my neck.
See, that's what I use it for.
How many guys here could say that?
Nozzlin and nozzled up?
Yeah, but then when a beast came in and nozzled up against your neck,
that was disgusting.
No, that was George.
No, that was the beast.
Who had his nose right on your neck and his finger in your back.
That was a disgrace.
I know you don't want me to tell the audience these things.
That's why I sit like a circus in here today.
I'm just sitting back here.
Plus, I came to work with the nervous stomach anyway
from watching this traffic cut there.
Sit out and shut up.
Okay, don't put him on.
Just sit down.
Give him some goddamn, some of the purple ones we'll do.
Some of the ones that Moses left.
Now, seriously, I come to work.
I got a nervous stomach already because the traffic I say,
we're going to start something on his show today.
I'm going to call my good-close personal friend, the governor.
And we're going to have special dispensation.
We're going to be allowed to shoot and meme at the very least.
Maybe not kill him.
Shoot rubber knuckers.
Oh, right.
That's it.
I've had it with you assholes out there.
I get in the car and I listen to the chorus to,
ah, my boy, man, he was not yet.
Maybe Moses seemed good by whatever.
And the four alchems on.
And then here's Mark Morgan.
He said, don't even get out of 5.95.
It's a, don't even, well, I'm already on it.
Too late.
There's no way to turn back now.
And it's crawled.
And I know there's nobody here.
There's no school buses.
There's no school.
There's no everybody with a brain is out of town.
So I know that it's not because it's a lot of people here.
And then he says there's like a rollover,
but everything is on the median.
Yeah.
Up by 4.41 and 5.
I don't matter.
And he's saying, but the onlooker,
now there's not onlookers.
They're rubber neckers.
They're assholes.
Don't be using that term onlookers, Mark.
How do I tell you how to do your job on QAM?
But, ah, and it's just, it's just,
I, there are fewer things in the world than that that just drive me nuts.
Just make me crazy.
Took me a goddamn hour to get here.
We love how he's, by the way, six orders of bacon is for us.
I love it.
Six.
And I suck those down like, uh, well,
because all the stuff going on here, a lot of pressure, a lot of tension.
Everybody bouncing off the walls.
Got crazy Jews with beanies running around in here.
See, this used to be like, I don't know what, like a Chinese laundry.
Now, maybe it might be a little radio-ish.
I'm not too sure.
I bet you got over 1,600 votes on that thing.
I'll bet you anything.
Times and Donut.
1,6104.
We'll give you the result in a minute.
We'll also take a look at that.
I'm concerned about this, how couples contest.
Because so far, pretty one-sided.
Here's Miguel with things.
He's a hot shot now.
Okay.
Well, you got part of it, right?
You just forgot to dot the eye.
Oh, thank you so much for bringing our beanie back.
He was flying around the building.
Our Worley Bird beanie, yeah.
You know, I was a big pirates fan in those days.
Bob prints the greatest of all time.
He was.
The best.
The gunner was the best.
And the possum.
Gunner went to possum.
My Yankele and, and Siege,
they were out this morning at 7.30.
The party went out.
I swear to God when I pulled up,
they were in their rental car,
sleeping, and they were praying.
Were they dov-
They were dov-ing?
Now, did these guys, did they have like the full,
not just the head gear,
but they have like the tallest and the whole thing on?
The Whaleys, they get the hair,
where the beers, where they lay into fillin.
The Grand Fathers.
I guess they wanted to show for all that they-
he wasn't the only guy could get laid.
They were lay into fillin right in the studio.
I had a acidic juneite in New York one night
and 300 of them showed up at the studio.
Oh, I must have smelled pretty good.
Yeah, it smelled delicious.
It smelled like a septic tank basement.
And it had beer.
If you want to have like reminisce about them,
feel like you're back home again.
All you gotta do is drive over to Arthur Godfrey Road
on Miami Beach on a nice hot day like today.
Oh my God.
And take a sniff.
Oh my God, you'll swoon.
It'll be-
Dude, that's the worst week in life.
I'd rather be hit by lightning.
Don't give them a bar of coast
because the only thing they know how to do with it is drop it.
Anyway, join George tonight for Happy Hour.
Five to seven at Treasurer Island,
located off the Palmetto.
There's some interesting stuff going on with Treasurer Island,
but we'll talk about it later.
Just know that the 120-second Street exit.
Stop by to win prizes.
Beer Specials check out this week's feature,
Terror Wild.
She'll drive you wild.
And I see Peter Boy's not going to be there
because he's going to be at the ballgame.
Am I right?
No.
Well, it doesn't say that.
It's just George usually says,
you went book a grind and McGill.
We used it to write those things on there.
I see.
Well, join a whole bunch of people from your desporados.
Guys who are really, really desperate.
10-14, but I tell you we're getting a little bit behind here.
You know what?
And it is, you know what it is, don't you?
It's Wednesday.
Oh!
Which means we got that big one to two hour.
Thank God.
Because I'm just, I'm never going to catch up with all of this stuff.
Just really throwing off of my whole routine.
With you rubber-necking assholes out there,
there's more.
No excuse for it.
There's absolutely, there's nothing to see.
There's no dead bodies.
There's no blood.
There's no guts.
There's just a few cars and a couple of cops in the ambulance
pull over probably in the middle of the medium,
which I never got that far.
Thank God.
And that's it.
How do you know they're no dead bodies?
What is there to see?
What are you slowing down for?
You assholes you?
I hate you.
Everyone of you rubber-neckers, man, you should only die.
Not just die like a regular death, but a wicked death.
The spies rubber-neckers.
And of course there's something about being in the deep south.
I'm not saying that we have the, you know,
the franchise on it, the exclusive.
But believe me, when you're in the deep south
because the deeper you get, the dumber they get.
And look how far we're hanging right down.
We're almost to God damn Cuba.
Hey, let's call Castro.
How low can they go?
Now the financial group does the limbo rock
under the lowest finance rate you ever heard of.
How low just 1.95%.
It's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy you a new home
and get a super low 1.95% financing rate
with financial group.
1-800-940-Lend is an up to call.
They'll talk all about it.
1-800-940-Lend.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
call financial group at 1-800-940-Lend.
And talk about savings when and doubt check this out.
If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $368 a month.
If you have you a $200,000 loan, your payments are just
$736 a month.
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
And get the low low rate you've been looking for 1.95%.
1-800-940-Lend.
That's financial group.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply.
Rights up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
Why in local?
Here's sports radio 560-QAM.
I'm dying out of the way.
Absolutely.
Want to hit a home run with a girlfriend?
Oh, yeah.
Work it.
Then you gotta try Sammy Sosa's Corks Condoms.
I used that back for bottom practice.
I mean, you used that in the game.
Hit harder.
Hit farther.
Never strike out.
With Sammy Sosa's Corks Condoms.
Maybe made of illegal materials.
If you're sorry, I guess not apologize.
I'm sorry.
Hit a grand slam with Sammy Sosa's Corks butt plug.
I never use anything.
Leave it.
Funny after 10.
In other words, you're going to be a treasure island.
You're going to zip out over to the ball game to the hot tub.
And hope you're going to get laid.
Which ain't going to happen.
By the way, he'll make up stories.
He's not going to lay.
He might.
He'll be hosed.
The only hose he's going to see is the garden hose that's
like the center field fence out there.
That's the only hose he's going to see,
unless he's checking out his own.
Oh, I'm speaking of that, that the baby oil business.
That is so embarrassing.
Miguel came in.
He was virtually shaking.
He was like just spitting blood.
He was so pissed off.
He said, only little babies and girls use whatever that's
the most.
What is it, John?
John's alone.
How are they?
If you're like this, violet water, baby color.
Violet water.
Only little spick babies.
That's what we don't love, Carlos.
Well, what does that have to do with it?
It's embarrassing.
Nobody wants to smell like a little spick baby.
But I guess when you bathe in the sink for like an hour and a half,
seriously, if he spent as much time, we'd have the bed times through his
under by 8.30 in the morning.
If he spent as much time getting his nose to the grindstone,
it makes me more lovable.
And by the way, if I end up going to that baseball thing,
then what would you mean if you end up going to it?
Because I wasn't supposed to go, but I'll show up there at the Treasure Island.
But if I end up going there.
Well, what do you mean you weren't supposed to go?
That's all you've been talking about for two days is how you're going to go
there and you got somebody got you in.
That asshole sales guy that used to hit like poison until he sucked your ass.
No, my buddy, Jocomo.
Yeah, that one.
No, but that was for Thursday.
The guy that you hit like poison that you said bitched you out that day
and said you were a piece of crap and a liar.
Yeah, but he knows better.
He knows that kick is the people in this building are so easy.
You'll kick his ass.
I'll take a back.
Seven feet tall.
You'll kick his ass on a step ladder.
You don't know me.
I'm like the hawk when you, yeah, you don't, I know.
You want to see me when I'm angry with me.
I know I don't want to see a period angry or otherwise.
Take the shades off by the way.
I look like an asshole.
So you're going to go to the game if I do not.
You got to go to the game.
See, this whole thing you're going to let for well down.
He's going to the very, what is this?
How many weeks has he been doing the full time thing?
Three, two and a half?
I think it's only two and a half.
So he's not even through his third week full time on the air yet.
And he's already going to know what a horse ball town is this because nobody's going
to show I'm listening to him coming in this morning in the middle of all that rubber neck
and traffic.
And these assholes are, oh yeah, I'll see you in section 147.
Scott, I apologize.
If all the people that called him showed up, they'd have a crowd.
What is he babbling about?
What was Miguel babbling about?
There's people lined up outside.
There's people lined up outside for what?
Dot dot dot.
To go to the ball.
Yeah, you know, it's pretty tickets.
Well, what is that all about?
Is he got more tickets?
We're going away.
We'll be nice.
I think it runs.
It would be nice if somebody would let us know what the hell is going on.
Because if there's a bunch of people lined up outside, maybe they want to lynch those
two haasidum that we're in here.
I don't know.
What is it when they lined up for for free tickets?
Or maybe they want to see a freak boy out there at the front desk.
Maybe they want to pull his, give him a ring.
Let's say, they're lined up.
How many people are lined up?
Don't just come in here and make some kind of a wild stare.
They're like a whole bunch of people.
A fall.
Get out of here.
Go away.
Go back to your desk and call up a fiddle.
Will you?
God, five people lined up outside.
I told you, we know how many people for us going to get out to the ball game.
But third, man.
Yeah.
Which is more than there'd be there.
I mean, I give him credit for trying, but it's just beating the dead horse.
You're flogging it.
Yesterday, we asked which WQM personality do you think despises Mo Howard, David and the
most?
And if there's one thing we know that he is reviled in this building.
Absolutely.
Neil, five hundred and sixty three votes.
I win hands down.
And I would say those who voted for me, you are absolutely correct.
And man, in whatever else you might be, Gildi, two sixty six.
George was right on Gildi's ass.
In fact, Gildi kept like chewing him away like a horse.
Shoes away a fly.
Two thirty five right on Gildi's ass.
Who's Mo Howard, David and one hundred and seventy one?
I think the answer to that is you don't want to know.
Joe Rose, ninety five after his spectacular outburst on Saturday, even a mad dog made
reference to that yesterday.
Do you hear that?
Yes, I do.
Give him high marks for that.
Everyone in the building is impressed.
We're very impressed with Joe Rose.
We didn't know he had it in him.
Hank moved up nicely.
I guess the Humper.
I don't know if he made any comment about it because I sure wasn't listening to Huraclund
baseball yesterday.
But that's right, that was last night.
So Hank had a full show.
He must have made some comment because he moved it up nicely to eighty four.
By the way, Mo, you didn't come in third in that pool that you were pushing.
What a liar this man is.
I hear him this morning.
I'm coming and he's talking about the pool.
He's saying Gildi's got a bonus coming because they were in the top three in that pool.
I mean, and he said they came in third tied with Ferrell.
We're talking to one on the QA and Web site.
Right.
They came in about fifth, which even Joe and Mark beat them out.
Right?
Why do you lie so much?
The numbers were right there.
We read them right on the air.
It's like people lie about their ratings.
The numbers are right there.
You can try to twist them and yank them and spin them.
Jesus man, you didn't come in third.
Maybe he got it like his tongue in a quarter of his cheek.
Maybe meant turd.
You turd.
Yeah, that's what he was saying.
Hank eighty four votes.
The B79.
Beast did very well.
Of course, everybody knows that Mo got him canned off that show and they realized why
he hates him like poison.
The B79.
Mad dog 71 who's not saying too much.
He get when you ask him how he's getting along with how he gives like hand signals.
Generally the same finger.
But he doesn't he knows he knows what side his butt is but it's not he's got to get along
with him on those ball games.
So he doesn't say too much, but he makes a lot of hand gestures and a lot of facial expressions.
Scott Ferrell only fourteen because he hasn't been here long enough plus that he still wants
the free booze.
Carlos, being a boy had twelve, where did he go again now?
Who does?
I'm serious.
I want you.
You remember the TV set in Requiem that she that she had with a chain.
She had the chain to the guy in the door.
I want you to chain his ass down to the goddamn chair.
This man's out of control.
Moses must have brought him something special today because he this guy is just hyperventilating.
Bina Boy had twelve, Eddie K nine, Zach had nine.
I just go on Zach and Joe Castello had only five because Joe is just a lovable guy.
He likes everybody.
Probably a little bit too much for his own good.
I'm looking before we do today's poll.
I'm looking at the hot couples contest.
I'm very disturbed about this.
Yeah.
Aren't you?
It would be nice.
Well, I mean, I can't tell people out of vote and I'm not even seeing who I voted for
and I have no problem with who's ahead or who's close.
But it's just that would be nice to have a race because the thing is up there all week
long till nice Monday morning at 10 a.m.
And right now it's a runaway.
It's a like secretariat in the Belmont.
Frank and Liz have got four hundred and forty eight votes.
How many, I wonder how many votes we had total last time we did?
Well, over a thousand.
Well, the point I'm trying to make to you is that that was up for a week.
And this the first day we got if I never get to the bottom here to the bottom of it, 1449
already.
Yeah.
See what I'm saying?
There must be a record somewhere.
A record of what we had.
Yeah.
Don't wake up Eric.
Okay, he's taking a nap now.
He's under a lot of stress.
He had to put that new poll up momentarily.
Okay.
So Frank and Liz are just way in front of the pack.
They got four hundred and forty eight votes, which means everybody thinks they're lovely
or they got a lot of friends or both.
Brian and Natasha moved up hundred and seventy four, which is good.
They deserve to be right up there, right?
I'm not making any editorial comments though.
Holly and Deer and a hundred and thirty.
They're in third place.
Fourth place, Ian and Jen, hundred and thirty.
Mary and Shane.
They got a hundred and eighteen.
They're in fifth place.
Mike and Chris and a hundred.
Nice even a hundred.
Nice total, but not competitive so far.
Gregor's Stephanie 90, captain, sing at his wife, sixty eight.
Nice headgear, captain, sing.
And you'd probably have more votes if you had some better magazines.
Oh, and captain, sing.
I can't find the package that you left here for Neil a couple months ago.
He left the package?
That's what he said.
Mm-hmm.
Probably, uh, what's Freaky Carlos ran off of it?
And speaking of Carlos, seriously, he started to get me real aggravated.
You know what?
You know, it takes a lot to get me real aggravated during the show, but he started to give me
like psychotic.
Vicki and Mick, sixty three votes.
Danny and Michelle, sixty one.
I'll give all the results because everybody, uh, we appreciate the pictures.
Danny and Sherry, about thirty, exactly thirty, Rich and Cheryl, twenty two.
And in last place at the moment, uh, Jody and Kevin, fifteen.
See, Jody and Kevin, it was a bad, what?
He wanted to make sure that you saw that he's giving me Marlon's tickets.
I know some people that want it's Marlon's ticket.
I want to tell you this, okay, before we start killing the rubber neckers, we have some
work to do inside the building.
See, you can, you can make a Marlon's, I mean, you know, you know how much I love for
well, but the bottom of the line is, uh, nobody cares about the Freaky Marlon's.
I'm not going to, I've been here too long to throw this show down to toilet for Marlon
crap, okay, would Marlon drop in?
Nobody cares.
They had ten thousand three hundred last night, ten six on Monday, last night, ten three.
Ten thousand three hundred, that was allegedly, that was including the ones they gave away
to ones that they dropped on the street.
That was some of the illegal and some of the homeless people who weren't working on the
corner up here.
What is it?
What do you got there?
Don't talk to him.
Two thousand nine hundred and thirty three.
Well, that's not bad.
That was the first one.
Right.
So we had almost, the second.
Oh, that's the last one.
So we had almost three thousand, but the point I'm making in just one day, we got almost
fifteen hundred on this one.
So evidently, people are into it.
Plus, they want to say, I started to say before before we got interrupted with his Marlon's
crap.
I think we ought to start making our website into a pornographic website.
What do you say?
Oh, right.
We'll start now.
Miguel's into it.
We forget about that goddamn fudge report.
Problem, Miguel.
Have a bite.
So, what is the purpose of those Marlon tickets that he gave you?
What is that supposed to prove?
In other words, because he put it in your hands, in other words, somebody's taken him.
Is that what he's trying to prove?
George ain't going to be there.
I'll bet you your life on it.
George ain't going to be there.
No chance in his pants.
He'll be a treasure island anyway.
And so are you supposed to be a treasure island?
You're going to be at the Marlon game?
You're a fuller crap.
Twenty nine pay.
You're such a suck old.
You're so fuller crap.
He's got his Marlon's jersey on and the whole thing.
You're just sucking up to Ferrell, okay?
By the way, he don't like Spix.
Hey, let me tell you right now, if your carpets aren't spikin' span, if they look like
really nasty, maybe stink real bad too, probably because you haven't had him clean
in a long time.
Dry concepts will come into your home and perform their closest thing to a miracle
in history of your life, because without lifting a finger, you can sit back and watch them
do that dry cleaning thing that they do.
They're the only ones in a world to do it.
It's an exclusive patent and method, and it sucks out the deep-down dirt way in the fibers
of your carpet.
In fact, it's the only sucking that's allowed in Broward County these days.
And when they get done, your carpet smell lemony fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours, and you'll believe that you had everybody else rolled
too.
You had brand new carpeting laid, because that's how good it's going to look and feel
and smell.
Not only your carpeting, but your drapes, your expensive area rugs, your oil, your
original rugs, your upholster, your leather furniture.
If you're having problems with pet odors and milder odors caused by water damage, they'll
make those disappear like magic too.
And when you call dry concepts, which I've done for over 20 years now, you don't have
to worry about rip offs or scams or games, because they give you guaranteed price up
frumpy before they start doing their spectacular job.
Call them tool free, you'll never dream of calling anybody else.
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or log out on their website at dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget, when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
My, my, and local.
This is 420560.
Way, way, yeah.
Pridians, done as dirt.
Michael, is there?
Two rings, is there?
It took two rings to answer.
What are you doing over there?
I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone.
I couldn't reach the world.
One ring, I said, we've been over this.
I'm, I'm sorry.
Get on the ball over there.
Okay.
What do you all hung over out with your mighty dick?
Who, sir?
The hockey kid.
Oh, the Anaheim mighty duck.
Oh, what a successful story that's been...
Oh, whatever, sell it.
Sell it.
Well, that team, they're terrible.
Sir, they're in the Stanley Cup finals.
What does that mean?
Well, they're in the championship of the national.
I say, but I'm not in the sport anyway.
I'm one of a porn miles.
Ornus.
Forget about the ducks.
It's a stupid name anyway.
Who came up with it?
Well, I did, sir.
We remember we had that.
Oh, it's terrible.
And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat.
You look like a moron next to Charlie Sheen.
No, no, no, no, no.
That was Emilio Estivez, the star of the mighty duck.
They did.
It's the same kid.
Terrible.
The mighty duck hit.
I mean, they really are entertaining.
It's a great family doubt.
I don't care about the dick.
What?
Hang on a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you, Ravens?
Oh, not feel well, boss.
You're almost white.
Yeah, I'm pale, boss.
Oh, handsome, bad Chinese.
Some bad Chinese.
Yeah, a middle downtown, boss, Lincoln.
Lincoln's a panda.
Whatever, boss, I've got to go.
I'll get away from you.
It's all things like a brewery.
Oh.
My God, God, come on.
I said, yes, sir.
Well, things are going very well over here.
You know, we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup Final.
Terrible, so I'm...
And we also have the Finding Nemo movie,
which is doing very, very well.
Yeah, let me ask you a question.
Yes.
Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk
and the thing made $70 million?
What kind of deal do we have with Pixar?
Well, we sort of...
Wait a second.
Oh, no.
Take it, do it.
I think I'll poop myself off.
You'll poop yourself.
We miss.
Get out of the office, we are...
My, oh my.
My, oh my.
My, oh my.
Oh, I need a stick up in here.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hey, pay it up to me.
I...
I...
And...
And idiot.
And idiot.
Goodbye, I...
Okay, well, sir, would you like to take it to the mighty ducks?
I told you to sell the ducks.
Duck?
Change the name of that thing anyway.
What, what's the name of the...
If we got to keep it, make it the...
The meces.
The meces, what are meces?
Meces, what are one mouth?
That just mice?
Yeah.
Are you correct in me?
No, sir.
Wait, that's gonna...
Hey, you stink!
I gave you a walk, hold!
Oh, speaking of it, I can't even walk.
We got some very bad news, a true story.
Did we find any information out about him?
Try Stratford, the former dolphin running back
and our good close personal friend and sales hole
was one of the few people we got in our sales department
that we actually like.
In fact, I guess we got...
Adam and Troy.
Right, Carlos likes Jackamola.
Troy and Adam.
I'm trying to think of somebody else we like and sales.
But at any rate, he evidently had a back thing this morning,
a back spasm or some kind of a spastic attack
and the salespeople had to help him up.
And he'd like tears in his eyes.
And maybe he'd like cut downwind from screw-in.
I mean, that's why those bad tears are there.
But anyway, they had like, help him up,
and we went to the hospital.
So we hope Troy's okay.
We love you, Troy.
That's what happens when you play football,
and you're like, bust out your back,
and you take a lot of steroids.
I mean, anyway, speaking of people who are gonna make it too long,
yesterday I mentioned that Beater Boy has got two strikes against him.
The... the... Faggot's the smoking's number one.
What was number two, I forgot.
Bacon and Coke.
Oh, the bacon and the coax with the sugar and the carcinogens.
And number three, now take a look at his push.
He... that faces his red as that...
Y'all... as that...
Yomaku you got sitting there on top of your TV said,
that's skin cancer, man.
Make no mistake about it.
He's been baking in the sun.
Baking...
Like a potato.
I'm telling you.
Maybe that's his new having now, bacon.
Maybe he can't afford sunscreen.
Maybe he's making bacon.
Well, I understand he got his great Spanish baby lotion.
No, it does wonders for your pulse.
It does wonders for your pulse.
And based on the sounds from up here in today,
so far, I don't want to go into it.
Anyway, here's the pool today.
We already got some votes on it.
I'll tell you, this has been a frantic week.
Thank God I'm not here too often.
I can't stand this.
A dotering old fool like me.
Especially the drive to work through me off
for the whole day today.
Welcome home.
No, no, seriously.
I was like spitting blood in the car thinking,
this is what I'm here for.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I love my car.
I enjoy driving in my beautiful Corvette.
It's a mean machine, man.
But, you're not driving it.
You're just sitting there.
They won't let you.
You're just sitting there and sputtering and spewing and hating.
Hating.
What is wrong with you, asshole's man?
I don't want to miss it.
Might be ahead.
Yeah.
Hopefully there's.
Which of these do you care about most?
Here's the pool today.
And we already got 54 votes.
I haven't even put it on the area.
They're hot to try out on that website.
I'll tell you.
That's because they want to make a...
What's his name?
A lot of money up there.
Your friend.
54 votes on a pool already.
Here's the question.
Which of these do you care about most?
Middle East piece.
Which I see is now in first place.
I'll like and say to that is...
Good luck to you.
Okay.
Why is that?
I didn't vote for that.
No, I didn't either.
I know what you voted for the same one I did.
Kids using cell phones at school.
That's what I voted for.
Oh, I didn't vote for that.
I better not tell you what I voted for.
But I'll cast your watch.
You didn't vote for that.
I don't think anybody else did yet either.
By the way, you guys over there on L-Soul.
You're getting a lot of free publicity on TV.
No, nobody voted for Phenel so far.
You ever had an expression in one trick pony?
That's what those guys are.
Oh, we sure fool that guy.
We made that crank call.
And we got Phenel all bent out of shape.
But he was swearing and esponial and...
I saw that this morning.
I'm sitting there in my 11 room wide.
I flipped over to Channel 7 News and I thought to myself, you know...
I could leave here for 100 years.
And come back and nothing would change.
It's still be bitching about Phenel.
And it's still be doing the same crap.
And if rubber neckers would still be out there getting everybody hemorrhoids.
And the homeless voice would still be sholvering.
Still be standing there in a goddamn corner.
And what's that thing that Moses was telling us about a homeless tax now?
In Dave County, is there really such a thing?
There's a homeless tax?
Nah.
I never heard of that.
I'm all in favor of it if, in fact, the same time we'd outlaw those homeless voice assholes from being out there in the street.
I'll be glad to pay your homeless tax.
If that's what the taxes for us to get them off of there.
Probably they're subsidizing them with it.
Which of these do you care about most?
Can I finish the list please?
Middle East piece, kids using cell phones at school.
Phenel Castro, how about Phenel?
Thank you very much.
When his most last day on the year, the Florida, the Florida Marlins,
who will be the dolphin starting quarterback, and is that for our real voice?
Those are the choices.
I'm excellent choices.
As Neil puts on another one, it's really great pulls.
A spectacular pull if he acts made.
Don't forget it's Wednesday.
So one or two, we got those comedy bits.
It's a great, this is not a nice day.
By the way, Duff, repeat after me.
I am a silly person, okay?
Quit wearing that stupid batting helmet around the station.
Quit everybody in here now is sucking up the umbrella.
They got the fever.
No, they don't have any fever.
He might have a fever, but for different reasons.
He was probably in Key West last weekend.
Anyway, not necessarily.
You don't need to suck up to Pharrell.
He's not looking for that.
He knows where he stands, about seven feet tall.
So what's this big line up of people we got out there for the Marlins tickets?
Five people.
Five people.
And now there are none.
There were five.
That was it.
That was the action.
There were five.
Yeah.
And now there are zero.
And I wish him, like I said, all like it a world for him, for him personally, because he's a good guy.
But you're really swimming upstream, man.
You're against the tide.
You're trying to force feed a halva to go in and it just ain't gonna work.
Maybe his chasidim can do it.
Maybe they can hold him down and shove it in their push and the halva too.
Ten.
You know about those chasidim, man.
The ones that are making like 20, 30 babies, they'll do anybody.
They'll do like telephone poles, fire hydrants.
10, 42, at 5, 60 WQA.
And our good friend Moses was in here this morning and I'm hooking him up with the mattress from our friends at Donald mattress.
I don't even dare think about what he and his underage girlfriend are gonna be doing on it.
Now she's not really underage.
Just don't answer.
One quick call to 1-800-MATR-E.
He's looking good, by the way.
He must have cut down a little bit on the steroids.
1-800-MATR-E.
And you'll just won't believe how easy it is to shop for a fantastic mattress that you can do all kinds of things.
He didn't send me legal and broiled.
And they got only the top merchandise.
No seconds, no off brands, no discontinued sets.
They carry only the best makers in the universe.
Seely and Certa Simmons, Timberpidik, no sales gimmicks, no false promises, no BS.
They've got the high-end beds too.
If you got some big bucks, you really want a great night's sleep.
Seely's crown jewel line, top models from every brand and everything they have in stock is at unbeatable prices every day.
Not special bogus sales where they give you a bait and swish, but every day low prices that are unbeatable.
So call 1-800-MATR-E.
Or right now, if your old Mac frizz has had it, and guarantee yourself and you're back a great night's sleep for years to come.
And when you do make the call, be sure and ask about their covered exchange policy.
If you're not completely satisfied with the looks, change it for you, no questions asked.
Plus, they give you a free setup, free removal of your crappy old Mac frizz.
You get to choose the date and time for the living that fits your schedule to our window.
Nobody in the world besides them does that.
So call them today, you'll be sleeping with a big smile on your push tonight, maybe getting lucky too.
Dial Macri is called 1-800-MATR-E.
Or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at macriss.com.
My, and local, this is 420-560, you way to can way, yeah.
Like, now you say I don't do this, but let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in.
Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed.
By those dealers trying to sell you, automobiles brand new.
See, I don't need the fancy grills, all those new cops man.
I've had my baby 20 years, shitting on those stripped out gears, see the horn go.
And the horn go.
You got a four on the floor, it got all four of its doors, but got a hell of a lot more.
It needs a brand new ignition, it got a broken transmission, it got some holes in the body, got front and rear.
And rear fenders, missing leaks like a son of a gun, but I'm like so what it runs.
It's a piece of, you know what baby, but at least it's paid for, aha.
Absolutely.
That's 480-560-12 before a new, a new one o'clock, we're almost out of here.
Couple two at 560-QIM, what is this thing went by fast in it?
133 votes on a poll already, and just a matter of moments.
Which of these do you care about most?
Now now that I announced the poll on here, the results are changing just a wee bit.
When is most last day on the year 51?
Is number one, moving into first place, you're doing it, my-
Absolutely.
Middle East P-34, who will be that often started quarterback.
Brian Grease, 16, I think, did I mention that yesterday that I think that everybody on the station will agree, although I haven't heard the Humphers comment.
Brian Grease will be the starting quarterback, and if you really are a dull fan, you'd be praying for that.
Those Hacidama, there ought to be Rubberner Mazizzas.
They ought to be dovetting and kissing a wall, the wailing, they were kissing something and there's what I heard.
Seriously, they're gonna be rocking back and forth and dovetting.
Am I my Rochathal?
Oh yeah, Brian Grease, they should.
That makes a great effect with them, Michael.
Yeah, they're good.
That's the idea of it, see.
That's the radio show.
Whooping that often started quarterback, and then the ironic part of it is when you got Orthodox Jews praying against J. Feelevers and I Jewish Void.
We like it personally, J. Please don't take it personal.
You know, it's not personal, it's only business because the dovetting fans would like to go somewhere.
We'd like to win a couple of playoff games something like that
We'll have to get to Dave wants that I want to make them an awfully kind of
Who's gonna be that often starting quarterback 17 is that for our real voice 12
Kids using cell phones at school which Mike Mayo had a very good column about yesterday if I do say so myself nice
God my kids about time. Don't throw that away. What that call? I got it right here. Why you want to talk about it?
Well, I want to save it take it home frame it. No, you want to talk about it
Then I won't do it. I'll save it for you because I only got after the what 11
What it'll be old by then. Don't make it into law by then. Okay, then I won't come in tomorrow
What now I just won't come in tomorrow now let you do the show and I'll let you talk about Michael Mayo and the other no because you got kid at least one kid in the school
And the other one on the way right time for he says time for schools to teach cell phone use not ban it right?
He's right. Yes, he's right
He's absolutely correct nice although I will say just like the just like the assholes on the rubber neckers on a highway
And I'm not talking about kids so much. I'm talking about adults adults with cell phones assholes with cell phones in restaurants in movie theaters in
anywhere anywhere stores
Wow, you know like at the hockey games now I can understand we got one guy sits in front of me a little bit down
I think he's a perimeter something I don't know what he is a doctor and
He's got a cell phone. He's got to have he's got his beeper or a cell phone is if there's an emergency
He's got to go like like Eve via Eve Russell on passions
But these other idiots that are stayed in their talking to each other on a cell phone talking to people are like a you know
A few yards away they could reach out and slap him in the head. Hey here. I am over here by the way the games going on
Asshole, oh what game is there a game going on here?
It's it's just it is what it is and that's not just a thing here
That's everywhere everywhere everywhere in though not just in this country not just on this continent
But in the world now every asshole on a planet has got a cell phone headhunters and Borneo. Oh my god
They got their goddamn cell phone out and they want you to know about it too and the best part of it is people that are really like rude
Like in the library. We're not that I go to the library
But I'm just thinking can you imagine you got your cell phone in a library where it's supposed to be real quiet
People are concentrating. They're reading their studying. They're watching porno
And they're trying to concentrate, you know right and and some asshole's cell phone and then they sit there
They're talking out loud on their cell phone and it's that it just grabbing it and running out in the hall or somewhere
You know which anybody with a brain would do that or just put it on silence
So it takes messages while you're there. I'll tell you who does that a lot maybe because they haven't been the cultured right
I don't want to say dark folks. I mean I do that a lot
Seriously yeah talk out loud on the cell phone where they're like in the middle of a bunch of people rude
How loud that's right. Oh, how's he doing?
Which is interesting that you should play that because you got that beanie sitting up there
Mommy got it stuff might be those awful days and I whammy show what I last about 15 minutes
Thanks a lot for making a jackass out of me. I'm a whammy. I usually do a pretty good job myself
Before we sure had a lot of help that was one of the most embarrassing episodes sure like the audio
I told two hours for the work, but anyway
Now if we get about it. Yeah, I just pretend it never happened that worked for me. What so anyway the cell phone thing now
Did I read the whole list or not? I don't know cuz I keep interrupting my server
I'm starting to get as hyper as all the rest of you here probably cuz Moses brought me all those drugs
When is most last day on the year 64 we have 165 votes already middle East peace 42 as Donnie Brasco would say forget about it
We'll be did often starting quarterback 22 now we're talking
And I'll tell you right now Brian Greacy he couldn't hold a candle to Tom Brady, okay, he might enjoy it
But he couldn't hold a candle to him
27 votes for that is that for us real voice 14 kids using cell phones at school 12
So even though George voted for that well, you know this this audience don't care about kids
They have them know right they don't care about them
You got that because all the times over the years
I've tried to talk about anything having to do with school with F cat with education with crowded school
They don't care they don't care which is why you got that asshole governor right now why he got in again
To know Castro all right now we're making some progress some of your people are gonna be real excited about this
Eight people care most about Fidel to help with Fidel and
In last place sucking wind again as usual a spread and this is disaster on this day of all days
Monashdana Halalahaze as of Orthodox Haseedem Wacoes would say
The Marlins only seven votes only seven people care the most about the Marlins
They're not gonna come in last again are they on a poll that would be bad
That would be embarrassing especially on the day that for real is hype it
So much on your Marlins station when they had 10,300 an ounce last night on a beautiful
Summer night
It wasn't raining last night. We got to wait out of the way earlier yesterday, right?
Was a decent evening it was like under the under under a hundred then have any mosquitoes bigger than bowling balls
What was the excuse last night? What was the excuse last night? We don't give a crap
That's the excuse the same excuse that for else gonna find there tonight and
McGill would his Marlin thing coming out coming in here being a professional spick, you know
Oh, look at any and he's also trying to pedal Marlin tickets to us which we don't want them I
Wouldn't go if they paid me by the pitch
I'm telling you that right now yeah if they paid me by the pitch if they brought
Man tie back to pitch for the Marlins and the night thinning and he was pitching for Stark naked
I still wouldn't go there. How do you like that?
If Tom Brady was standing there right at home plate with an erection, I still wouldn't go Stark naked
I wouldn't go there. I would not go
It's not because I'm negative because I'm peanut anybody's parade
It's just because I've lived through all of this and how how much does it take how many years does it take before they finally get the message in this down
God
Now we can't blame for else because he's the new kid on a block
And he's you know doing his best. He thinks he's doing something great and positive
And he's trying to whip people up to a you know a fever pitch
He might as well be doing a show in this town to guide them forest lawn cemetery
With the people up into a frenzy I
Mean most been here long enough even he admits now that it's a useless hopeless cause
Absolutely
That that's gonna get a lot of airplane make no mistake about that am I right?
Now that's not George Foreman. He's doing a slide. Okay. I mean and then somebody calls an order. I think he's doing slides to long
They my teeth ache my teeth just ache from some of you people out there, okay
Gordas Telfin exactly that's what those two Haseedam said this morning
Man if they knew how anti-Semitic he was
So do you hear about his girlfriend? I hear she's a hot number
Oh, and I want to say one other thing and again
I'm not I'm a Scott am I tried to tell you do your show I never played that game
But I do give my opinions and I will continue doing that I
Love for L. But that tub of crap that sits in there with him sucking his ass
See the new deal is for else in there a hyperventilating about his girlfriend of what they did last night and how long they did it and how long he last and blah blah and in the back
You are he opens up the center for them playboy in the back here
From that desperate fat little tub
Who's in there trying to blow in Carlos's ear this morning, which I thought was disgusting
That was just before we lick the baby or let up off the back of his neck. I
Stay away from that tub. I'm telling you I cover my back though. I was you clearance turned him down
Stay away from the beast because it's one thing by long distance
I learned it despised that creature, but but actually being in here and seeing him now. Oh
You have no idea he makes me wild when I see him
That's right. I'd be rubbing him back a mind act too because if you had any idea where that tongue was first
It was in gray and Greg's back to keep him on the air
Then it was in dumps back to believe me. He's had a lot of company there
Then of course now it's in for else
I don't think I was an artist for a while too remember he was sucking up to us because he thought he was gonna be on your fillin and stuff like that
He was to fillin
Well, guess what you're not to fill it on this show be skid out of here. I want to see you anymore. You're just physically revolting
What what is he what is he spritz it on anti-bacterial logical?
No, seriously, what is that that's not that same stuff you took away from me. No, it's anti-bacterial logical hand-wild good
Good I'd rubbed I'd keep rubbing at until you're until the skin on your neck was down like one layer a whole bottle man
Yeah, just smirred on there get that because when he finds out that he will head the back of his neck sucked by the beast
Now he didn't just lick it. He sucked it and your neck too
10 he's he's disgusting and after he shined us with that hole that whole episode, you know
Still about that would balance for like well. Oh that. Oh, I was talking about that other one
What what other episode was that when he had a whole week to tell you the real story and he kept promising to on the air
And yeah, he's a pussy talks a good game. You know, I'm gonna do that if you ever knew. Yeah, you're just you're just a tease
Okay, I'm gonna waste my time with the teas. They better release look good tent like Moses 1058 at 560 WQM
This isn't a tease. This is for real. It's a great store where all you fat people can go hang out and buy some really good stuff
Delights of West Boka your number one low carb store in the entire universe over
900 low carb sugar free products are waiting for you right now Delights
They're introducing new ones every month and this month is no exception
Try their new low carb instant cup of soup just add water and microwave try the new almond snack cakes
Blondies and six different flavors the at last. That's the brand name at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all
Thank God. That's right. Know that stuff that'll give you that laxative effect
And thank goodness no one they call it at last they have a carburet right waiting during chocolate vanilla shakes a low carb meal in a can and
Brand new duties low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste and list goes on and on
They got a low carb hot cocoa apple cider blindies and brownies and a great selection of low carb pasta sauce
Dressing chips chocolates and their world famous carburelite ice cream too
The lights of West Bokers got all the Ecken branch products the books the vitamins
They're on sale all day every day their staff knows dieting inside and out they're open every day 10 to 10
They're located on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston market in Boka probably right down
Wind from Mamos house call them toll free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb calm
Don't forget the lights of West Boka is your official atkins retail center
The cow errands coming
The story that had ignorant fat ladies clutching their bosoms
Running this fall on Fox the first of countless TV movies called
Sadie private
And police the prisoner
Hello
No, I'll clear the boy camera crew. Okay everybody. Let's get a shoulder level shot of the truth
Storling in she still have the gag on her face. You okay, Jessica?
All right, we'll be there in a minute. You'll be shocked and saddened that how stupid you are getting due to once again
By another spin event cleverly choreographed by the real brains behind the presidency
R.O.O. Who's that guy doesn't matter you didn't
It's a liberal three at five sixty WQM. It's a little party in the room there
I see what's gonna have to happen this week at least tomorrow the rest of the day and then Friday is we're gonna have to like put Carlos out
In a hall with a computer we have a folding car table. I think someone that's what we're gonna have to do because
Basically what we've got now is George has got a boyfriend in there
See the one I'm not here. I don't have to sit here and look at it
But sitting here and watching it. I'm in here. I'm saying you know the the new broad that's doing the log has missed
She's got like the same spots back to back and I'm trying to like uh, you know, send some information in there
The two of them manage like a couple of Spanish butterflies it
It's whatever's going on in there. It must be fantastic and I think what they're doing is diving up the drugs that Moses brought
They're arguing over who's getting the purple ones who's getting the blue ones
We see who's got the beat red ones because that's his face. I'm serious if he don't have a melanoma
I've never seen anything was yesterday. Huh? Way better than he was. Yeah
I'd be rubbing some of that goddamn lotion on there. It's what I would be doing
Some of the stuff that the beast was trying to stick in your place. It puts the lotion in the basket
Yeah, but it looked better now. I don't look as pasty. No, you don't look better
You look like a man is on a verge of a big melanoma is what you look like
If you think it's funny the guy smoking cigarettes
He's eaten bacon by the pound and he's standing out in the stun and he's lying under the overpass in the daytime
We're not even one of those what do they call those things those
metallic things that you put on the uh the net mirrors right that's right like the fangs use that's what you need
In fact, maybe you could use the one at the beast somebody gave the beast one
He don't need it because he doesn't have any neck
Oh, no, seriously. No neck Brian that used to be his nickname at U.M. Before he came here. No neck Brian
No neck no brains no class no common sense. Just stay off the air. Okay. We want to hear for well. Beast
We don't want to hear you go oh
Look at that. We know you're desperate. We know you couldn't get laid in the Amsterdam with a hundred dollar bill in each hand
But how do you kiddin? Like it's a big bulletin that he's desperate
Anyway, which of these do you care about the most when is most last day on the year 85?
Seriously who who is making a log sound now? This is this is we have a new person well whoever is instructed in the new person must be an asshole
It must be the freaking water Nazi, okay
Because why did we find out this here read the same spot back to back over and over again side by each I mean what can I say about that?
What that's he's an asshole we all know that
God what a bitch
If she didn't have the naked pictures of Greg there's no chance that she'd still be her her and screw-in to both of them
All the least she smells better in screw-in
When is most last day on the year 85?
Middle East peace 59 I have no idea why you're wasting your time without you 59 people you you maniacs
Not gonna happen. It's an oxy moron
Middle East peace. Oh, but the road map the road map
Yeah, we got our road map and it'll take all the way up to goddamn Jacksonville, okay
We'll be the dolphin starting quarterback
Mad Dog was funny yesterday because when he was in here
I'll tell you he's so excited about having two to four about this new schedule change. He's ecstatic
ecstatic plus I think a part of morseaux having that most getting shoved back in the middle of the night
He likes that too. He didn't say that he made some faces and held up that one finger again every time I mentioned moe
He just says he's number one
But anyway the mad dog and he also when I mentioned that thing about I know that you really would like to see Brian
Greasy start for the dolphins and he went to that hole
He actually like did the physical thing
You know like Terry Bradshaw likes to do, you know what hands
I mean there was nobody there, but like a mythical sender, you know
Handed Brian Greasy hands under same thing when and then I heard him do the same thing on the irrigate get out of here
You make me sick to my stomach look at what a silly, you know if he don't look like kind of a Kimler on a bad day
I was thinking something else. Yeah, what what that words of German helmet
Look at that. Yeah, I know
Too big and too fat
The beast with his five sixty QA Marlins batting cap on backwards
Double stop with heavy breathing on it. We're not impressed. Okay. You do he for all doesn't need you to breathe in a background
Don't tell me you don't I heard it all the way to work. I'm already aggravated. What he says I don't
Stop doing it. I'm not telling you what to do, but stop doing it
I'm not trying to interfere with his show, but stop doing it. It's annoying. It's it's soft. I'm or it's pathetic
He doesn't need any help
When it comes to getting guys to squeeze their package and get all out horny and uh, you know
Squeeze the bean
Or lick the bean or whatever. He'll uh now just just stay off here. Moe was right when is most last day on here 92 votes
Probably a beast voted on that
Middle East peace 63 who'll be that often starting quarterback 32
Is that for ralsary all voice 18 you know, I forgot to ask him or mine me tomorrow morning
I want to ask him when we do that a little crossover for about 25 minutes until we can get his ass off here
Uh, I don't mind. I enjoyed doing that, but I got we have a structure here
You know, we got to get the breaks and we we don't play that game because mad dogs only got two hours
So I can't say oh, we're gonna be a little over today. We don't ever do that
Even if we have aesthetic guests. Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah, even if a Georgia's former accountant is in here
I'm gonna have to restrain myself because I'm looking at him with that helmet on
And I don't want to tell you what I'm thinking. Wait, why is it sure do like cologne, Germany
Baby cologne, Germany. Yeah, baby cologne, Germany. In fact, that's what he smells like. He smells like some old Germans
Beener boy
We're not gonna tell you where it is. We hit it because it's embarrassing because Miguel is gonna run all over all over town
He's gonna tell me got a little fruit cake in the station. It's wearing like baby oil all over his body
A little Hispanic fruit. No, not him. You
And don't bite him out of back of the neck again. Okay. Just he just a disinfected it
This this place is an out of control circus now is it because I've been away so long because for relis here because we shoved
back into the middle of the night we're so good with you being back. Oh, yeah
Yeah, look at that phone, baby are they excited and by the way don't call I'll call you
Now because I'm doing screenless anyway. I'll let you know waiting to start lighting up the phone because I got a lot of stuff to talk about
Cell phones a lot of cell phones talking. I'm not doing them saving that for you the mic me. Oh thing
Is that for else real voice 20? I wanted to say
Tomorrow when we do the crossover I want to ask him at what point in his life that started because he obviously in the crib wasn't going
Like that thing we got he wasn't doing that
Oh, yeah, well, we'll find out. Maybe it's a thing. I mean, can you imagine like if you're in first grade you're six years old
Hey teacher, I'm gonna go to the toilet teacher. Yeah, I it's possible. I guess
Hey, it says to me three
I don't know
possible
But it is his real voice trust me when I tell you in fact you look at him and then you watch him like hyper ventilating and banging
He's bouncing off the walls and then you appreciate the fact the voice is coming out of that body that fits
Kids using cell phones at school 15 final Castro 11 and the Florida Marlins sucking wind in last place. Yeah, nine votes
Sucking wind in last place because nobody cares about the marlins even moan knows that absolutely right
10
Past 11 I'm re making the logs who just write down whatever you want. Okay, cuz this this broad man
She needs a compass in a road map whoever taught her how to do a log
Pretending that to hear you on purpose because I don't want to say anything because then you'll repeat it on the air like what
Say
What is he talking about the person that we have doing the logs now? She's a very nice person, but
And she's cute
Oh, and he's cute Carlos says she's cute and she's cute
So you're saying that she got hired because she was an attractive female
Well here and he adopted an hire
11 past 11 at 560 wq way and hey if you're in a dead-end job man
This college maybe a little bit too expensive and takes too much of your life and just can't wait that long to get a real life
If you're gonna for to spend 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months
Our friends at fast train can help you get out of your dead end and get you a new high paying computer career get a life
That's right just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify
Call fast train and when and doubt check this out say goodbye to your dead-end job forever
Call one 866 fast train with four locations in town. There's about to be one close by you
Call them today and talk to a train career counselor
They offer you a day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training pick up the phone
I still can't get over Miguel rushing in there. There's a line forming out. There's a line
I think he's been doing too many lines pick up the phone and call fast train at 866 fast train
The deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment supply director whether you're a high school student on summer break
Somebody an underpaid dead-end job working for some schmuck or just looking to increase your net worth and trying to find a life
Call fast train toll free. There's no obligation. They'll tell you how this works call one 866 fast train or check them out of the web
You know how that works at fast train dot com
You
I'm code the Barry Manolo bedroom GPS and compass never get lost in your own bedroom again
Your Barry Manolo bedroom GPS and compass will lock on the six strategically located satellites maintained by the US government
And will warn you before you walk into your walls. How could you possibly survive without it?
Imagine never having to use your own sense of direction again
You can stop using your brain completely and still find your way through your own house
The Barry Manolo bedroom GPS and compass from Ronco. Don't stay home without it
1116 at 560 know this way very over here. Come on
He's got problems
Anyway, here's an interesting fact
I think this is probably from somebody we don't talk to anymore in Port St. Lucie. It's gotta be but anyway
It says as our radio family is starting to come together with the exception of one starting July 7th the new line up
To say I'm tortured times our torture times two with Joseph Gaki and Mojo and Mo
Two hours of stimulating conversation regular visits from scurly Mo Mozo in the ass-to-ass team
On Fridays that dynamic do our join by a very special guest Mo's hair
P shocking to discusses what's life like dealing with big Eos Veracos veins plant plants and the growing list of its landlords enemies
6 to 10 m forl on four on four what
Brand new exciting high-stung personality begins for a full four hours of stimulating conversation while
Stoony four grams of cocaine I
Did hear that I heard that I thought maybe that was the beast making more guttural sucking sound
I heard that a couple of times during that show which explains why he's so skinny although he does eat
He just shovels that food in his post in fact
He's maybe the only person I've ever seen in my life
Even fat people I mean most fat people can eat doing almost anything, but not just bouncing off the wall
But he eats while he's actually like moving around
It's like how it kind of like he's doing he must be sharing with beener boy or some because he's just
Out of sharing the role that he's just crazy person
Tended to near rarges old reliable reclaims his prime time slot Neil is a show from Toronto in Florida
And vows to keep showing up in both locations in his dirty underwear and two to six double dog day afternoon
Mad dog and big dog team up finally they pee on each other create funny sound rights to be played on Neil show and bash the silly old man with a puri dog on his head
That sounds like a winner. We like it. You're hired
Sounds good to me
Here's a great fact from up well, at least it starts out good
But the problem is it like ends in the middle of a sentence from west palm
Says god damn all rubber neckers. I try not to follow that soft floor at doe. We hate everything
There is meant in mentality
But these vaccines and slow down to about 10 miles an hour to steer whatever we need to be shot is what this fact
She says years ago. I woke up in a west palm and
And it ends
I need closure on that fact. Yeah, we need closure on your facts. So close your yeah, okay
Very sad. I mean he actually had something to say there in his face is died in midstream
5670560 pound 560 on a AT and T of rice line. We're lamenting the
Hot couples contest not that we want to change the result you understand that would be unfair
But it would be nice to have a horse race
Right and we still have like almost a full week to go that it lines next Monday, which is the 23rd
So we got all and this is only an over a day. We got over 50 hundred votes already. Mm-hmm. You were that yep
but
But so far it's just it's a and maybe deservedly so
I don't know I thought I thought this was more evenly matched in the last time and the last time it was a two horse race
Right right in other words couples one and two were like very close
But between two and three was a jug and a gap there was a big gap on a picture
But we blurred it out for the web. Yeah, we
Graded out
Frank and Liz you got 481 man. You're killing him. You're crushing the competition
Brian and Natasha 178 and actually whoever comes in first or second is gonna do a well on this one
Because we've got the two good prizes. We got the Jamaica thing right the uh
Whatever that is and then we got the Bahamas thing
Oh, and I take back what I said yesterday a bit of Bahamas not once but twice
I forgot about more recent one about about 15 years ago 14 13 12 whatever
That was the one with the shaggy dog in the elevator the mildude carpeting and that smell and the
Wet sheets and I just know air conditioning and the ripoff cab drivers
You two groups of people that just slay me people who go to the Bahamas
Three groups like I said people who go to anywhere in the Caribbean
And on before I get into that article in the letter of the editor in the Sunsettlest morning evidently while I was away
And who reads their crappy editorials anyway, so they editorialized in the Sunsettlest against allowing the public to vote on whether the permeachal or a restraints ought to have
slot machines
And this letter rips them and asks good letter by the way whoever you guys have it said from some committee some my group balls
But see what I'm saying go away. You can go away for two months two years two decades two centuries
It never changes the herald and the Sunsett they don't even want to let the public vote on these things because they're afraid that they might pass
And God forbid we have slot machines at the racetracks because then you know what happens people be gambling there
Right and just so you can appreciate you imagine people gambling at the racetrack
Why would they do want to do that just so you can appreciate your evil everything not changing
Guess who called to make sure that we knew about all of these things
All of what things the gambling stand worth time. Yeah
Go away Stan. We don't like you anymore. Okay, not that we ever did in the first place
But we especially now don't like you maybe this is a pleasure. Your skin is extremely pasty. I think you're gonna die soon
I just don't like him
He's annoying
He's like the Gilbert of casino gambling. No, you see what I'm saying well
He's like the blind mic of casinos. That's a shot and
Yesterday there was a big article and remember the asshole that called us oh well
I just finished working in there and you're and the casino then uh, where's the new winter building
The Hollywood oh, yeah, yeah, the new one the new one is gonna have they're gonna have like full
Regular slot machines and we said no, they're not and they're gonna have whole casinos and we said no
Now the article yesterday had talked about how many they're gonna have twice as many devices gambling devices as the seminal
But when it said devices see in a real newspaper. They would have explained us what that means
But because the hero and the sun settler are so terrified that we might actually have real casino gambling or something
They just left it at that
But you know what they meant. It's the same make-believe slot machines. They got in there now right
We're all those
Dollar can you lend me a dollar for and of course if you lose your last dollar and you live in sanitary village you can't buy the next
What means you're plugged for days and that's what my told you really that's what you told me yesterday
And guess what was in my ground brown burgers. Well, I don't want to tell you
Anyway, Brian and Natasha 178 votes are in second place
Ian and Jan have 137 oh
Sorry Holly and Deer and 136. I'm not Mary and Shane 125 and a very lovely pair by
I thought so Mike and I think so myself Mike and Kristen 115
In fact next time I'm for elsewhere. He's gonna start saying it's 715 old bean. Oh, I shouldn't have said 7 see that's a giveaway
It's 815 old beans you guys say 7 yeah, that would like to indicate he's gonna be on a year or doing a show at 7
Which we know it probably would be able to think that right
Greg and Stephanie got 94 votes
Captain singing his wife 71 you're doing okay. They're a nice Sashmata head couple very nice
Except we want more magazines Danny Michelle 65 which I'm I just I don't get it. Do you get it? No
They should be doing better again. I'm not trying to like twisted
But I'm trying to help the model of the business a lot. I don't understand about the zikki and Mickey is have 65
Um, dan and sherry have 30
And
Dan and sherry have got
right and
Just proving that you people aren't you don't always get sucked in by a bear flesh rich and Cheryl have got only 23
And that's criminal why is that this because she's sharing Cheryl is sharing she's sharing her pair right
And maybe he'll share his banana
Jody and Kevin our last place with 16 now
I think Jody and Kevin her problem was let me take a look at what they look like okay
because I would like uh
I mean they're they're like not not bad looking would you say
But it's a bad picture the picture the quality of the picture looks like it was taken through
You know what I said remember in the NFL you would because you know
Maybe you wouldn't because it's a long time ago they tried that kind of photography where they what do they call that crap
No, no, so you know what I mean with like brown where they like freeze the picture and it goes to like brown and white
There's a name for that, but I'm not into that photography
Schmidt
You know what I mean right. It's got a name, but we don't and for some reason that didn't go over well
They tried that unlike the NFL telecast
It was almost it went over almost as big as the glowing puck, but not quite as much so we got 1536 votes in just a day
Which at that pace by next Monday morning at 10 we could have like a zillion when you think
Easy we could have a crap load
Fies say all I got at the phone is just ringing like crazy these people are getting a frantic now wq. I am
Greetings. Yes, sir. How are you?
Is seepia tone? Oh seepia
Seepia tone. Yes, but do you remember when the NFL tried that?
Of course, and why did they stop doing it? It was pretty neat to watch
Um marketing I think
Okay, who knows what motivates those ideas maybe it cost them too much
Yeah, I could have been you know, maybe their car is frozen up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks
You're seepia. Okay. It's probably what they're all calling for they want to tell me it's uh, well whatever
This is probably the same thing on two I guarantee you wq. I'm seepia line
Oh
Is it yes, but I mean what that isn't seepia just a color
The seepia is a color, but it's also a print process. Oh, I see. So that's what they tried. Did you ever see?
I don't know whether they do it in you know if it's called that in video or if they've got another name for it
Even on my Mac it's a seepia
It is probably it is Paul Harvigian. Yeah, it is and that's okay if I call right and he I've never said for you not to call
That's only your friend in the other room that hits you like poison on me. Well, you know, don't be given a look like that
He opened the hate him, but I never told him not to call you
He's you know what
Go ahead go ahead go there go there go there
You know, when you're in Toronto and I call they will not put me through and then I hear you wind on occasion that
Paul Harvigian, you know, close doesn't even know who he is
I have no idea
Yeah
Anyway, maybe Carlos just don't like the sound of your voice
I
Got to tell you I absolutely love for
Yeah, it is so nice to have somebody that actually will make you laugh more than
Yeah, I don't think Molyce him too much
And then I'll steal his to play
Anyone
I had a hell of an experience with him. I want to share yeah
And in fact, I call their main office where the president of the company makes over quarter of million dollars a year
Both expenses
Was on my way with a couple buds in a convertible to a hole over the Sun the log
And we were stopped on the corner of the US one and I guess it's 167
And this broke him over and asked for a donation
And we said now
And he says you know, I guess you'd rather I'd go home and pull out my gun like I
Used to and head on back over here. What would you say then really I swear to God we all look at each other like you got to be freaking kidding me
I got on the phone
Called their office and they could give two crabs. They thought it was funny. Yeah, I'm sure
Meanwhile he's probably bringing in a good total every day. I use to bring in a fortune. I was loaded
You know listen, I work. I'm not like you. I don't make a lot of money, but I make it up
I can't be handing out 20 dollar bill. I could and you know what I won't
I give money away to people that I like to people I think needed or people I deserve it or people that do good stuff for me
I give them money, but just some stranger some some slackered on the street corner screw him
Have a good
Exactly have a good day back
Well, I got I'm gonna get so far behind we're gonna be lucky to do a hangs first hour here
What have we got on the schedule by the way? We got the mad dog at two
We got Hank at Shula, so I'm not gonna see him today
Four to six thirty. I'm starting to get worried about that. I think he might have gained an ounce
He's staying away from you shining me
Hank four to six thirty and Shula's Marlins on deck search thirty met in a marlins the big we hate the met's night with the forality of all park
705 any can't in a ballgame in july mark over night two to five in the morning, then of course it's
Hey, you know father's day is Sunday last Sunday
Well, this is the copy I have her from onteny bear fathers day was Sunday right
And you know something if you were smart, you know Adam onteny you used to be a pretty good guy
Used to be the one guy who could depend on your a schmuck you really are hate to say that but you're a putz
And you know he's probably doing right. I was probably running down a hall with a piece of copy miss and they should have brought in here an hour ago
so
Well for how about graduation I guess graduation is over, isn't it?
Well, yeah, fathers day and graduation are both over with but now for next year
If you want to start thinking about something really great to send a any special occasion how about a beer from vermontetti bear better than flowers because they die in no time at all
So whether it's like simha store or it's father's day or mother's day or valentines day or a birthday or any special occasion
They got a whole bunch of good stuff. They got the handy bear
They got the fisherman bear the business bear lot prostitute the bear they got them all no matter what occupation mom or dad or anybody love his in
All you have to do is call one of their friendly bear counselors at 1-800-829 bear
And of course they had a graduation bear with a cap and gown and holding it a plumb was really cute too bad you missed out this year for Montetti bears
What?
What what would you like me to talk about? Okay, I mean this is this is an embarrassment
I mean Adam, you know you're hanging around too much with Todd Dreck
He's turning you into a clone one of his you're one of his now
You only hope we got is uh is uh Troy Stratford. He's in the hospital
Probably had a breakdown from being there with the screw-in that long
For Montetti bears are handmade in the mountains of Vermont by people who really love teddy bears
They'll even help you write the perfect message on your card
Add some gourmet caramels and make sure it gets delivered right to the door anytime anywhere in the country
Here's the number to call next time it's the time for you to give something special to that loved one that friend that the son that daughter that mother
Call 1-800-829 bear and be sure and tell him that all frustrated Neil Tony to call frustrated only because of this place 1-800-829-B-E-A-R
You see my and look
This is who's when you'll buy city
You way am
People are ice-holes
A new bubble ready to we watch you sell a news paper to you
A new bubble part and square where the hopeless men in the heart and church
My name is number 73. I use the site of your house to pee
I am number 72 my shiny ice smell like
Don't go please don't roll you window up
We annoy drivers in their cars when your stuck are the traffic light
We will converge for your quarters and dives
And in all day in the Berlin
In the middle of the busy street when we tap on the window they usually say
Get the hell away you stay
I hate try not to run over me
A new bubble ready to we have much to offer you
Watch your windshield work more food how about a flower from the southern young moon
With quite useless smell in this way
Only take a shower when it rains
When the hot pavement smelt my shoes
I use my sock to brush my toes
Hi wife on a corn cob
Oop a loop a loop a loop a jeep jeep
Proceeds go to the company
In green third four what we do
We get a bigger box and a bottle of booze
A cardboard box and a bottle of nooo
Number 35 at 560 WQA in Mad Dog at 2
The Humper at Chula is at 4
Now here's the rest of that fax from Palm Beach County
It says a few years ago I worked up in West Palm
But this overhead is not acceptable
It's just uh
I don't know what happened all the settings in here overnight again
This place blows man
All I can tell you
I gotta hear for a little while you come back and you realize
I hate this place
Nothing works here
Because everybody in their brother comes in here and then of course
Duff's response always oh we probably had that ball game in here last night
They're okay you know this isn't a goddamn
Lending library in here
Well whatever that means
Yeah, this is not just like a public place for any asshole in the building
I mean they're in dittlewood stuff
And I've been telling them that for years
They like since it there would have stupid god damn it
And now you just to kill the dog I had no overhead
What'd you do?
Nothing
You did nothing?
I did nothing
It just vanished
It just disappeared
So somebody's dickin with it
You must have done something
I did nothing
Are they dickin with it in the other room?
That could be
Somebody's out there dickin with it in the other room
What are you doing in there you asshole
You're from here too
Huh?
The levels are good
No
Whoa
Whoooo
Whoooo
Oh it's hard to bend
A few years ago I worked in West Palm
Having to drive from West Del Rey
Up there
Usually it takes about a half an hour
Well not on this day get this northbound i95 was backed up from southern
Boulevard in West Palm
I know it well
Down to gateway Boulevard in Boynton Beach
Why you ask
Why you ask
Why
Somebody who was completely off the road was changing a effing tire
What kind of tire
Good year
I'm probably firestone
I shmit you not unfortunately it's a true story
How do you like that?
Somebody off the road
What do they do?
What were they doing in there?
Have you heard of it?
Oh Jordan good I'm gonna go breathe on that asshole
Hey I got SARS George
There you go
We're fun to get all in here on your ass
See get him out of here
Why is that man allowed in his building while I'm on your
First of all I got all these exotic diseases
I got West Nile
I got Mad Cow and SARS
Mochi Pots
And scars and Mochi Pots on top of it
And not only that but we're out of here
We don't want to be ditto with a goddamn stuff
But he's in there screwing all around
Get out of here of course so stop pretending to be doing some work
Okay we know better
We know you a long time we've seen your deal
56705 look at this response on the phone
Are these people just uh
The all week long it's been like this
I just got other photography questions
No I don't want to hear about
No that was good they answered that question
You have to have a question
In fact what I'm gonna start doing from now on
After all these years I'm finally catching on
In fact here's my first question
Why
Well I mean was sitting right there and I was well used to it right
Huh? Yeah that's why
That's the question
Because because okay
I don't see any respawn here where
Here's the first response WQAM
Answer man
Nile
Yes sir
Nile
Yes
Hey man how's it going?
Okay
I don't want to don't mean to change the topic
What does that mean?
The topic is
What is that topic?
What do we do for you sir say something
Okay listen
She's a say that's what happens on a sports station
If you're not if you're not talking sports
They don't know what else you're supposed to talk about
Anything but sports how do you like that
All right
But sports
Um who do you think I'd be staring at quarterback for the
Offense by the way
I have no idea
Um I was wondering if I'm crazy or not
But I'm gonna hear little
Advertisement things or station ideas as QAM
Am I hearing somebody say far right before that?
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound fine
You know just what I said yesterday is absolutely true
Things in this place are probably I would say it in all time high
Literally and figuratively
Spell it anyway you like with the G8 or just
Hi
I mean yeah pali
You can you can do that if you like that would be good
Hi
And this audience is held back just as always
On being a pain in the ass they did just they can't they can't stand it when somebody sounds like they were in a good mood
When things are going well for us when everybody's getting along great they can't stand that which is probably why they're picking on mola
Again here on this pole although I did vote for that but anyway
What I thought you weren't gonna tell them oh bull crap like that's a surprise
346 votes which of these you care most about and I'm really that we should have also asked
When is most last day on the year 138 middle east piece 86 what a waste of energy man
You people need a lot go to the library and take your cell phone
Who'll be the dolphin starting quarterback 44 even I'm pretty interested in that and I'm out of dolphin
I can wish they lose every game but nevertheless
I think it's an interesting controversy there
It's sure a lot bigger than better than Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy
Is that for else real voice look at that look how many people think that's the most important thing
About third man
The Florida Marlon 17 they're moving up a little bit not too much 17 kids using cell phones at school 17
And for now casters fall in the last place
2014 vote so take that okay you professional Julio's there on whatever that is what is that station?
Soul those aren't the guys that give me that picture that time aren't I don't know I don't think so no
You guys are relatively new they never knew they're trying to do the you know that this been
Uh, they already did it once they already did it before okay. It was uh wasn't so great then all right
Here's another trick phone call. We're gonna. We're gonna get you. We're gonna show you a finger
Yeah, we got you for now
It has about as much impact on what's going on down here is when the pope was there all a little less publicity almost as much almost
Because it was the big story on channel seven this morning man on the kind of ciet day
C
19 till noon at five sixty w two minute better get a lot of calls in between now and one because it is Wednesday and we don't have a lot of time to dick around
Oh, I like oh and you remember the first time I took the pool on that oh it was like about Fitty Fitty
You know Fitty Fitty oh we like it now we hate it don't do that noon to one hour. It's a great hour
I know what they hate it. Why is that because we like it oh
haha
I want to our percentage of the audience hates it still
18 till noon at five sixty w q a.m. I'll tell you right now when your hair is fallen out like most of us guys
It happens to you because the lord works in mysterious ways
Oh, good. Here's the deal you have many many choices because it seems like on every street corner
I want corny. You got a homeless voice guy another corny. You got a guy peddling the newspaper and on the
Kidney corner of that you got a guy peddling a some hair crap either some nasty looking muskrat or civic cat or one of those
They're Gambian rats or you could stick a Gambian rat on most
And I think he'd look very attractive or you can do holes in your head take some very dangerous pills
Which you're really a profissure off have to take a bunch of those no hair grows back or you can get chuck alphair
Is natural hairline system for more than 35 years now chuck's been helping out guys who are like sluppers and millionaires
And everybody in between because even if you have a billion dollars you can't get a better system than the natural hairline system from
Chuck alphairie. He's appeared on good morning America. They today show CBS morning news
He's all over the place. He's world flaming and right now
He's got that summer special hair system price only 549 bucks for first-time customers
If you already have a hair system you can save 50% on service and repair for all types of hair systems as well
Including shampoo and trim where else can you get trim for a price like that and Charlie's guarantee is this
Traveling of his hair systems for 30 days. You don't love the way it looks and feels returned for a full refund
So pick up that phone right now. You got nothing loose
But that big shiny glaring ugly bald spot look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
Would chuck's natural hairline system check it out today by calling tool free
321413 that's
1803 to 12413 or check them out of the web at Charles alphairie.com
My
Sports radio 560 suing
Mehkanon this is Joe ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Smell the yellow
Eating my
Around
Hey, hey, I got monkey box. I'm all Harry and Brown. I got some irritation. So I'm pulling my diaper down.
Raccoon.
Harry knows I'm your friend. There's been heaven found. With all the fun we've been having. Throw it on duty around.
148 at 560 WQIM.
144 votes for Moe. He's pulling away. Pulling into I think an insurmountable lead. This overhead is like spastic. It's up and it's down. It's back and it's forth.
Leave it a long course. Okay, quit sticking your finger in it. God.
Too many chiefs. Not enough engines. That's our problem. How come Jimmy Elton? I saw him this morning when I came in.
How come he's not on duty during these hours? He's not afraid of no disease. He's on. On what? On something?
Okay, now you give a child a man's assignment. All you have to do is bring that in. You don't have to like dittle around. You have to like organize your damn baby lotion and all the other crap. All you got to do is just bring those in your hand them to me. Hand them to me fast like that. Thank you.
This isn't the right issue anyway. Well, I'll be damned.
I was looking for the old one. The city link magazine evidently we missed it. But you missed it because it was right down stairs last week.
There were annual best of issue and I'm going to feel real bad if they're if they didn't give us some recognition for something like being the biggest asshole in town or something.
This ain't it. I never even saw it. Well, I got I got a facts right here. I thought my God. That'll be great because one thing I've discovered.
I have to after all of these years make a confession that we've been too hard on the audience.
The sports shows they know what to call about. Okay.
You think the Yankees can win the pennant. You think J.F. is going to keep his job a quarter. You think the hurricanes can win a championship again next year with all of freshmen. You think?
Yeah, that's that's it. See what I'm saying. There's no there's no contest there. What there's supposed to talk about. But with us, they don't know what they'll say now. Like you saw I asked that question about that.
Just in passing and a phone's run crazy at CEPI in the early like 600 CEPI people on the phone. They need some guidance. You need to guide them a little bit.
No, you're missing my point. You're not even close. My point is now you'll notice how many calls have I taken so far today about five or four maybe five maybe.
I think one for each one of those people that was lined up for the free Marlin tickets.
That's it. We take a lot more calls if we had a lot more people lined up for the free Marlin tickets for tonight's for all a big bash, but it ain't happening.
But I think that you know, now that we have three people on the show now that the beater boys move into your spot.
Right. Yeah. Right. I think that what we have to say in the stuff that's going on inside the building, even when I'm not here, I think it's a lot more entertaining and interesting.
I mean, somebody called me. Well, how come you don't like Amsterdam anymore? Can you tell me why? Yeah, those kind of calls terminal.
Ponderous. I mean, it's embarrassing. It's almost as embarrassing as the stuff we were in the air. Right. That's right.
That's what we're going to start talking about. The stuff we can't talk about any of. We're going to start talking about it now, including that new traffic person.
So I'll probably go out and play in traffic. Some of another discard from cheap channel. I got news for when they discard you from cheap channel. Oh, that says it all when you've been tossed aside by them.
You know, you've reached rock bottom. So anyway, this tax is glad you're in town. This last last week had the city linked best of issue. Usually there's some great shows with this issue. Any chance George can get you a copy. No, it says. I guess now. How's he going to get me a copy?
What have been nice if they'd facts that last week when we had the copies? Yeah, we downstairs in our lobby of our prestigious crappy falling apart building here. We've always got thousands of copies.
And then nobody ever picks one up because most of the people is building can't read anyway. Now, why did you do with new times? There might have been something good in it. Why do you take it out of here? What do you do with it? He didn't must be beside you somewhere.
I'll be beside myself. It's not he said he misplaced that it's over here. I see it. Get out of here. You're you're an accident. A way to happen, man. No, you're an accident. A way to happen. So when you used to work here, you're.
It's not won't be long. Do you know anybody else who does good computer work? I'm looking to get no. Not because you're not doing a great job, but because you're going to be dead soon. I'm telling you just look and go look in the mirror.
Go hop into sink again and look in the mirror. Jesus Christ, you're as red as a goddamn beat. How long has he lived here all his life?
Yeah, the raft. Right. What would you think by now? He'd know that skin cancer is not something that you go out and try to. I guess not there is a superstar with a shades. You know, he wants that real deep red look, you know.
Right. Maybe he's going to go to work for the seminal engines. Maybe that's it. Now that we got that real full casino going on with all the crap devices. There's there's nothing in here. New times, piece of crap. Steve Shiver or deal about about our investigators turn up the heat of my misfire fighter union local 587. Are you concerned about that? I'm not. So the adventures of wonder girl Samantha fine gold. I'd rather hear about Sarah Goldfarb. Remember when you used to work in this building. Yeah. How often would you look at the rack of the
new times in city lake magazines to see if there was anything in there? I'd say in all the times that I've been in this building probably. And it was never anything worth looking at except the best of issue. Just to explain how we missed it.
Oh, fell on the floor. Oh, no, no, I'm not saying that. I'm saying you're right. Somebody should have notified us when you had all of them downstairs because that's the one issue we care about. Right. And once it's gone, it's not like we're going to bring back a bunch of now. Somebody out there probably has got somebody could fax this important.
And then pay a pages or send it on over. Right. Right. That would be a hell of a lot better to talk about than just having lots of people calling and asking why? You know.
Be a lot more fun than that or certainly that then movie talk. Just about put us out of business on a show because you insisted on my continuing it.
Now there is a real good study and contrast here. I've got two stories in my right hand. This is the appropriate hand. The right hand. Okay. And I'm holding it way out here to the right. You really are.
Baptist to try to sway gaze. I read this in a hero this morning. Of course, it's online here. That's a funny title. The Southern Baptist Convention. The other swing and sway. And you're really gay like Sammy K.
And even more exacting a little fade. But anyway, the Southern Baptist Convention, that's new initiative yesterday. It convinced gays that they can become heterosexual. If they accept Jesus Christ as their savior and reject their sinful destructive lifestyle. How do you like that? They think you can just the wave of magic one. Absolutely.
At the denominations annual meeting leaders urged there more than 42,000 churches nationwide to reach out compassionally to gays with a message about how Christianity can save them. Homosexuals can find freedom from the sinful destructive lifestyle said Richard land.
And head of the Southern Baptist public policy arm. They can be redeemed. They can be liberated. I have a message for you. Dick lick my ass. Okay. You idiot. God. How do you like that?
No, no, there. The Southern best. So there's there in my far right now. My left hand. Here's the story from the this morning's Toronto star, which you'll find both these stories on our website. Canada to a lot of gay marriage. Now last week.
In fact, I watched it on TV. I told you that last week they had that committee meeting in parliament and in Toronto and Ottawa, rather. And they tried, you know, the conservatives there in some of the squeamish liberals, they tried to like undo what the Ontario court had ruled about gay marriage being legal because they always started marrying people.
And they couldn't do it. It was overturned. 98. They said we're not going to appeal it. Now they thought the federal government surely will appeal it to the Canadian Supreme Court, at least to cover their ass. And John Cretch and says forget about that. Same sex marriages will be recognized as legal in a new law that will rewrite the traditional definition of marriage for not only Ontario and British Columbia, but for all of Canada.
So as opposed to this super religious and then that's the problem with America's religious nuts like your president, like your attorney general, all of these things, all of these dangerous people, religious nuts. That's why when I look on this poll, we're taking day in the Middle East piece. You people are dreaming, man. You've been you've been squeezing your senses too hard. You've been laying too much to fill in laying too much pipe.
That's what the Orthodox told the for all this morning. I said don't lay so much to fill in trial. Lay a lot more pipe. He said I got you beat. I got you covered.
So he said, right. And he was must have been talking about beener boy this morning. He said he was banging on a la beener boy last night for hours. That's what he said.
Anyway, you're going to have to start monitoring a little more closely because he started to talk about you. So there is on the US 101 hand with a Southern Baptist. We're going to convert all you perverted degenerate and you got Canada on the other side, which is not when you criminalizing the pot laws and allowing gear marriage, but they're just like progressive.
They're progressive and we're regressive. We're taking big gigantic steps back into the stone age in this country.
So if all you bush people and are really proud of and then then of course we had that broad yesterday one of the most pathetic and I miss you know what his comma was this morning.
No about the role bitch who says now that she's wants them to wants the court to undo Roe v Wade and she wants them to stop killing all those unborn babies.
I miss his comma was well she's seen the light. She's seen the light. She's been at this for years now. Yeah. Crazy bitch.
We put that on it. Didn't we put that on the website or not that story. Yeah. I got it here. I wiped my ass with it, to be honest with it.
Oh, don't forget. Let me tell you the audience about that James Asewari. It's a fake. The ancient burial box that they claim they found that James is a burial box. Jesus is older brother. Yeah. How could he have been his older brother?
Jesus. He. Young brother. Whatever he was. So if you just accept James and Jesus and give up your perverted lifestyle and turn to the Southern Baptist or maybe the Catholic church and let that priest out there in Phoenix, Kalai, either a molestue or afterward like knock you off the road, send you flying.
Do you see him yesterday? No. Yeah. They showed it again last night on CBS evening news. They showed that car man with a huge gigantic smashed up windshield. He thought maybe heard like a he ran into a cockatoo.
Right. And I'm sure in his day probably did two minutes before noon at five sixty WQA. I've been trying to tell you something good that you can stick in your mouth for a long time. It's called olio made. It's legal to.
Olio made. Soft. Jels contain the finest the purest olive oil that you will ever find not just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil anybody can buy that. This is super concentrated.
Learn with health benefits for you. Olio made every day. Can I produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different. Olio made formulas to help you. Help yourself.
Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbals to support specific needs for your body from your bones to your blood pressure like I've been taking your immune system.
I need to just pick out the olio made formulas that are right for what you and what you need. And now there are three new olio made formulas one to help you sleep when you're helping control that fat and sell Q10 for your heart.
Pick up olio made. Wherever you do in your shopping. It's all over town picks them up at publics, accords, Walgreens, Whole Foods, markets, Navarro, Sedanos, order olio made online if you'd like at olio made america.com.
If you want to get more info on your products and what they can do for you and where you stick them, call them toll free at 1-866-Ollio made. That's 1-866-6536-333. Don't forget for better health. Start popping some in your mouth today and some olio made too.
My. And look, this is Sports Radio 560. You ain't. You ain't.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
They make it kind of good side to side. Not that good for you. I don't know what it's called.
Even if there's a better concern for it. But check it out for yourself to see if what I say is true. If I'm lying, I'm dying.
When the big black chicks want to make up points, they move their neck like it's out of joint. Have you seen this?
Yes. Tell me have you seen this?
Uh-huh.
No.
Well, what the heck are you doing?
From left to right.
When they believe their eyes.
Oh, is the sound they've made?
When they start to move their head that way. Have you seen this?
Do we have a scene this?
Have you seen this?
Yes.
Tell me have you seen this?
Yo!
Now, I know I don't play that very often. It was my special request. I wanted to hear that. So I hope you enjoyed it because I sure didn't.
It's, uh, it's okay.
You like that thing?
I like it. Yeah.
I think it's one of his weaker efforts ever, the old, uh, chicken neck man.
Oh, he's had so many great. See that? My good close ally and their old rubber face. He's a grin.
No, that's seriously. You are on a collision course with an early death. I want to say that.
I want to go on a record right now, a boner boy. You are in a collision course with an early ugly face.
Yes.
In fact, I think the ugly face is already there. It's just a matter of time before it disintegrates.
You're doing what? You're sharing olive oil on your push?
Moisturize, early on it.
Yeah. Okay. Just keep that.
Anyway, this is a grotesque story. Hospitals. We had this story yesterday and I thought, uh, you don't want to pick up religion again. Do it.
Yes. Okay. Boston, a Massachusetts hospital has asked the Catholic Church for help after being swamped by thousands of pilgrims seeking a glimpse of what they claim is a shimmering image of the Virgin Mary, Mary official say yesterday.
What? The Virgin Mary, you know, honey, if you'd stopped showing up in these strange places, maybe somebody believes some of that bull crab, some real people.
Some 25,000 people flocked to Milton Hospital over the weekend to gaze up at a window in a medical orifice building where believers say the mother of Jesus has appeared.
Hospital spokesman Susan Shapishi said the Boston area hospital, which is bracing for another flood of visitors this weekend has asked pilgrims.
I mean, I know the pilgrims used to hang out up there, but what are these pilgrims? Aren't they a little old by now?
They still have the shoes though. Seriously? What are pilgrims? A pilgrim is someone who travels to a travel to a holy place. In other words, a crazy person. Right. Okay.
The Boston Hospital has asked pilgrims to limit their viewing hours to between 538 30pm for the sake of patients and neighbors. Shapishi said she confirmed that hospital officials had asked the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston for guidance.
How did they deal with the apparition and the ensuing crowd? How did they deal with the apparition? Maybe a lemma that the Windex might be good?
The church hasn't responded to the request yet. She said the Boston Globe reported yesterday that hospital officials say the image is made by a chemical deposit inside the window, but Shapishi said the hospital has no official position with respect to the issue of an apparition, especially in Boston with their heavy Catholic population, because they don't want to piss off the Catholics up there, the Irish Catholics and the Italianos and all those other fools.
The Globe also said the crowds have made it hard for hospital janitors to keep bathrooms clean and the grounds free of trash, because the pilgrims probably drop their crap all over the place.
In addition to which, if you go to a hospital and see Virgin Mary on the window, you'd probably drop some crap too, I would think, huh? Holy crap, it's the Virgin Mary.
They would drop my crap. That's our poll question for right now the next two minutes. Whose fart sounds you like? Better kneels or are referrals? Do your ears got some pretty interesting fart sounds?
We got 90 million fart sounds. Where are those? On a disc? We'll have to find out. Now that we got some heavy duty content, heavy duty competition on the fart sounds, we're going to have to pull out the heavy artillery.
I was pointing for Carlos. Yeah, point him in the right direction. That door would be good.
Here's a fact from Phil and Muggate, who's a chronic faxer about the asshole rubber necking at you out. What's the point? You know, it's not going to change.
Not going to change any state where you get like a new license for six years on the internet.
When you're 95 years old, when you got no arms, no legs, no eyes, no head, no heart, no brains, no liver, no kidneys, but you're a hell of a good driver like Dustin Hoffman. What can you say? Definitely an excellent driver.
I was thinking that when I'm stuck in all that crap this morning with the rubber neckers, that's exactly what I was thinking. This is one more reason why the state is such a joke.
No auto inspection. Oh, we don't want to be hassled with that. For years, we had that bogus auto inspection, where these stick that thing up your car's ass.
Yeah, we're some Haitian guy would stand there and stick a pipe up your ass and they're so cute for 10 bucks or whatever it was and you know, it's a scam.
Well, the buses and the trucks were belching black smoke. Right. That's right. All these do all the diesel vehicles are off there just polluting the hell out of the air.
But our real auto and special we can't do that. Now, it says people don't want to be a convenience with that. And we don't want to piss off the gate. The gray panthers here.
Oh, yeah, because all those old folks still like going vote for somebody else if they can for Papu Cannon. If you piss them off too much. That's right.
They'll vote for Papu Cannon if they'll even write his name and if you start, you know, taking them off the road. Too bad more people didn't.
The median age where my mother lives in Hollywood, they're on steering with the median age is 172 and most of those people are still driving it. I see them walking around.
I see stuff going on that. In fact, when I finally got on the turnpact this morning, it took me a freaking hour to get to work when I finally got near the exit to where the stadium.
There's a guy had to be 300 had to be Muthuseless granddaddy. Maybe was Jimmy Christ. Wasn't that the guy's name? His older brother Jimmy Christ?
Because that's what I was saying. Jimmy Christ. And when you get that thing off there, an old convertible. And a guy is like, he's got his neck up like like his neck head was in a head brace. He's got his neck. No brace. Just that's it. Is that like this? And his body is lurching forward. So he's sitting like this. I wish we had TV for about two seconds.
I'll take a picture. Oh my god. I thought to myself. And a guy is going like, this is on the turnpike. And he's in the middle lane going.
Damn near killing all the rest of us trying desperately to get that around him. Too bad he didn't have binoculars. Maybe we want to check out the horses at Colter. Maybe we're checking the workouts.
He missed it must have this must have been one of the out the clockers that checks the workouts of the track over there. Those bullet works. Yeah, I'll give you a bullet.
Check ass. I'm telling you I'm so distraught being here. It's just and then of course the idea that I'm going to have to be here most of the winner because I should want to be up north in a winter time.
How about I do the show from like what would be a good place where it's warm in a winter time?
Tahiti Tahiti would be great New Zealand. No, I don't want a good museum. Okay, not interested in New Zealand. Beautiful place. What how do you know?
Scene pictures, movies, travel logs. Well, that's why I want to go there.
Which of these do you care about most? We asked.
What is most problem? One is most last day on a year 158. Middle East piece 116. Would you stop voting for that you idiot?
What's wrong with you people man? Must be the Jews and probably probably those Orthodox who there's wackos that for all had in this morning. Those raced him.
How come they weren't eating the bacon? It was free. If you were to told him.
Oh, Middle East piece 116. Who made that off and starting quarterback 54? Come on Brian. Get that thing up baby.
Oh, I see ugly runs in the family. Is that for else real voice 42? Kids using cell phones at school 21 and the battle for last place is between the Marlins and Fidel Castro of which I see a tremendous parallel.
Don't you? Yeah, nobody cares about either one. Right exactly Florida Marlins 19 Fidel Castro 17.
Exactly sweet heart. We don't care. Okay. So while you con course nobody speaks English. Listen to audio. So anyway, so what's in the back?
Right. Two week a morning radio host to one of the hearts of many in South Florida's Venezuelan community with a prank phone called of his president Hugo Chavez.
Three old Cuban Americans on Tuesday with an apparent prank call to Cuban leader Fidel Castro. If you want to make a call that'll please most of the rest of us who speak English.
Make up crank call to president Bush. Then we'll get excited. Yeah, then I'm excited thinking about it. Right. That's the kind of call that most of us care about who are like real people, you know.
Make a crank call to president Bush and ask him how many more innocent people he's going to kill and how much more he's going to pollute the environment. How many more votes he's going to have to steal to win the election next time. Oh, did you see? Oh, it makes me want to cry.
The latest national poll on the democratic candidates. The people are running. No. Let me give you a clue who's in front. Oh, no. It's called there's a new organization. It's called DWW. Democrats were the death wish. That's what that stands for.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WDQM by now you heard us talk about laminits are us and how lamina would flooring from lamina. It's a rush is the easy to smart the great low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring. So quit the listen and do it.
Laminits are us is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from pirat or pergola Wilson art, Uniflor and quick step. They've got all the top names installed by pergola certified installers. Here's another reason why you call laminits are us. Their prices will absolutely floor you. Right now you can get there some a special for just $1995 bucks.
That's right. Here's what you get you get up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring for only $1995. Unbelievable.
Laminits are us will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home estimate with no obligation call laminits are us toll free 1 877-777-3336. What could be easier? They offer your free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and lifetime of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laminits are us today toll free and tell them that old Neil Tony call 1 877-773336.
From the people who brought you the only network for kids comes a brand new network for adults nipple odion nipple odion brings you quality adult programming like Clarissa shapes all and rugberds and programs for the alternative lifestyle shows like two angry gerbos and my brother in me not to mention blockbuster movies like three.
And tell them you want nipple odion it's the only channel exclusively for adults.
Prop 17 and 560 this is depressing somebody finally facts me listen to George facts me the page from city link. Okay. And this page is enough to make you want to cry best radio personality Michael the black man on WBO s the boss 104.1 I never heard of that station in my life. Did you know who is that in this market?
It's a pirate station. Even worse. What does that tell you about city link magazine about these upstanding assholes at city link. They're honoring a guy who's a pirate station that's becoming harder and harder to tune in because of its poor signal plays the most exquisite soul music.
But the main attraction is the station's guiding force and political slash spiritual talk show leader Michael the black man a kind of one of a kind Yahweh Ben Yahweh disciple he picks up kicks up one die of tribe after another about how hot women are our women are all gizables mentioned pay child support gays are trying to steal our children and democrats are devils.
Oh my god that's a that's their joke. It's like a flip Wilson parody and to top it off he's got a barbershop style Greek course that backs up as every word with a barrage of oh yeah serves an oh yes and said it's on.
On a pirate station Michael the black man best radio personality in this time best drive time radio personalities podcasting over young Ron Brewer.
Together for 12 years the dynamic duo of soft water radio still getting it on. Strucking a fine balance between community volunteer work such as taste of the nation in their annual Thanksgiving food rapidly some commercials for some shop sexual in
the window blatant sexual references and challenges the manhood and a womanhood of their widely loyal listeners Paul and Ron give as good as they get.
They push all the right buttons and they're right doing so Paul's Brooklyn upbringing and passion for the Florida Geaters and Ron's cooking skills and fear of balloon animals aside their chemistry is a formula for success that's the radio awards that's it.
We've had our share we don't need to hog it. I mean couldn't they do better than Michael the black man.
How about the wally the white guy and speaking of that that's a great one waiting here this before I get to the other segue best motivational speaker you are you are you.
I'm I want to give you a little bit of a clue I'm a fat Jew.
Al Goldstein the pornographer often accused of exploiting women helped save one of his waterfront home in Palm Pato, Bees last December when a former girlfriend with history of depression locked herself in a guest room and threatened to kill herself the school magazine founder uses powers of persuasion to keep the woman alive until a brow chair office hostage negotiator arrived on the scene took BSO five hours to convince the woman to put down her weapons and returned to the more stable environment of goldstein's living room.
I guess they've never been in Al's living room. Yeah nothing stable in there except the horses during the lengthy something rather the sense is missing evacuated to the street where he chatted with cops and we have to cure his armor crews with his walking cane while credit for preventing the suicide right to go to the BSO negotiator goldstein laid the groundwork for the rescue by first invited to the press woman to stay with him during the holidays.
The compassionate poor king still keeps a giant sculpture of a hand with protruding middle finger in his backyard but on occasionally he showed that the hand tells you to f off is also the hand that takes tells you it takes the gun from when you're trying to kill yourself.
Yeah exactly what time does my plane leave? Well how soon can I get out of here?
You know what this reminds me of reminds me like you know the new sales guy the tall guy seems like a good guy from Boston right sales manager sale the sales manager sports sales manager right so he was outside when I left yesterday he was we're talking about jury Williams because he used to work with Jerry and he also lamented the fact that this is such a well he didn't say but I said it to him and I said again on the air such a bush Lake town that the people who are supposedly right radio and TV here are two goddamn lazy do a little bit of homework and find out that one of the real legends in this world is the real world.
Broadcasting business a hell of a lot better than Michael the black man broadcaster used to work in a market for your WS news and was very popular here had a gigantic rating but they can't be bothered with that here because that would require a little bit of you know a little bit of effort on their part.
You know what we have for radio and TV coverage this morning in our newspapers we have the Latin column in the Latin radio column in the Sun sent us what we have that's it.
That's it.
Thanks for reminding me why I don't read the local newspapers.
Oh good choice.
Good choice. Oh you had missed out that I got about the radio solar.
Yeah.
To Fiddell.
And you also would have missed out on C-link about the guide it's got great compassion.
I'm a fat Jew.
56670560.
560 on the AT&T.
It's a serious you can come back here a thousand years later it will be the same people right in the same horse ball crap about the same people.
The same garbage.
You feel like you're stuck at a cragmire.
It's a twilight zone.
And Adam we got such a good guy a popular guy off the wall we got for real and what is he doing and like I said I give him a purple star in a gold jelly bean for trying this Marlon thing you know.
Hopefully he'll learn very quickly as in tonight you know like this gigantic line of people we hit all five of them outside waiting for their free Marlon tickets.
You can't give them away.
There is no interest.
Just calm down.
Okay stop it yourself aggravated.
Which in these do you care about most when is most last day on the air 173 does there's something we can agree with them on we want to know.
Middle East piece 126 pointless.
Who will be that often sex does the starting quarterback 61 is that for else real voice 46.
Kids using cell phones at school 22 if they were carrying parents if they were concerned about the welfare of their children we'd have a lot more than 22 but they don't give a crap about their kids.
In addition to which most of them are much of audiences anyway whose kids are now a dead and buried.
The Florida Marlon's 19 fiddle Castro 18 they're like in a life and death battle for last place.
Marlon's 19 fiddle 18 out of 465 votes.
What does that tell I'm still numb about that black man Michael them.
Oh and speaking of that because beener boy alerted me to something that I was totally unaware of you can always learn new things.
See now there's a pirate radio station.
Do we know of any white pirate radio stations?
Can you name you want?
I don't know any.
I'm talking about white ones.
That's right.
Huh?
I don't know anyone's.
Well now we have something new.
A hallmark has something called Mahogany card.
Oh yeah.
Several years never never heard of it up until this morning in my life.
Well you don't go to this Walgreens over here.
No I do not.
No I do not.
I go to the Walgreens by me right in front of the world famous pizza lot.
Now he'll in sunrise.
Yeah Mahogany.
Do you think they have Mahogany cards in my Walgreens?
Is that something they have all their story?
No they might and you just mentally blocked it.
I just never be seeing that.
Now these are cards.
Mahogany cards I want to make sure I get this right because I've never I've never seen one.
They're specifically geared for black people right.
Do they have like a puse yellow cards for Chinese people?
Well they ought to.
Do they have like lily white cards for like white people only?
Like real pale ones with like ghost pictures on them?
Like extra white.
Do they have like a...
I'm trying to think of some other colorful people.
Those purple people.
How about the red ones for like the Indians?
Right and pink ones for you know your people.
And like purple ones for beanable with a purple face.
You can laugh all you want but it's a set I've already tried.
This is sadder than watching the fat people.
At least they're enjoying the food that's making them fat and going to kill them.
At least they're enjoying it.
I already made my pitch.
And this guy we're trying to save people.
Hi Appali.
And we're having little or no success.
Forget about it.
And I don't I don't do funerals.
I just want you to know that.
I don't do them.
The only funeral I'm never going to do it from now on is my own.
And I'm I'm not even sure for that.
I'm going to draw mustache on Carlos's face.
I'm I'm serious.
I'm not going to do funerals.
You know how many funerals I've been to in my life?
About 30.
Two.
Okay.
Two.
Bill Cawder.
Bill Cawder was one.
I did that for his wife who was a good friend of mine.
And my uncle.
Okay.
In Rochester many many like a hundred years ago.
That's it.
And people are going to say,
well what about when your mother dies?
And she got first of all,
she's probably going to live me by 20 years.
Any of us.
She's going to be 90 in a couple of weeks.
And she's the same.
The same.
I was there yesterday.
She is the same.
Nothing has changed.
She's still taking a wreck slack.
She's still having explosive bowel movements every now and then.
And that's it.
That's all you need to know about my.
I'm going to my mom's funeral.
You hope.
You see the Hawaiian party shirt I have picked up for you.
See and people will say,
well that's insensitive.
You're a real bastard.
Well first of all, I don't have a suit.
You know, I don't own a suit.
Neither.
Well, and you can't go.
You can't.
You can't go like that to a funeral.
I got a jacket.
Yeah.
Tuxedo jacket.
I got a bunch of shirts like this.
I bought it at the first store.
Yeah.
I got some baggy, juke pants.
Twelve bucks.
I would like to know what is.
It reminds me of that black college fund.
What do they call that?
United Negro college fund.
Don't say Negro.
I'm sorry.
The United African American college fund.
What is that?
And it's the same thing.
What if we had the United Anglo American college fund?
You there would be crap going on.
I'm like, so what you never smelled.
Yeah.
Would have smelled like the crow on a bad day.
And by the way, Boisey,
the crow is the last guy we had in this place that we smeared
with Casimir Bocair, some silly baby crap like the baby powder.
Look what happened to him.
He wound up over it.
Fucked.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay.
It's not a threat.
Just something to keep in the front of your mind.
I smell good though.
It's not Casimir Bocair.
You know what?
I don't care how you smell.
Because I don't want to smell you.
27 past.
I'll spray the studio so that I don't want to smell him.
I mean, I smell good.
I look like crap.
I smell great.
In fact, you know what I got?
I brought back from Amsterdam.
Fah.
Oh, there's something I don't smell too good.
I brought Fah back from Amsterdam.
The autoethyst...
The soap.
And it's F-A.
I told you.
For the herbs we got fat.
But I brought back some Fah.
And they got like...
My armpits smell like limes.
And I also got the tangerine.
So no matter what day it is, I always smell real fruity.
Tangerine is a good smell.
Yeah.
In fact, I'm going to bring it in tomorrow.
I'll just rinse a little now.
You can't have it because I only brought back from the tablet.
Oh, I want to sample it.
I got some in Toronto.
I got some at home.
I brought it back from...
In fact, that was the only good thing.
And Amsterdam was the de-automate.
And the soap.
Too bad the people over there don't use it.
Seriously, they got some great personal hygiene products.
It's too bad a lot of Europeans haven't discovered them yet.
Or maybe can't afford them.
What is that that just been wabbled in there?
Perfonelea, he wants to talk to you.
I'll bring it in there in the break.
Who wants to talk to me?
The person that brought in the paraphernalia.
Who is the person?
Bob.
Who is Bob?
Bob the guy that made that stuff.
What do you mean he wants to talk to me?
Do I know this person?
I don't know.
I think you're losing it, man.
I think you're losing your grip on reality.
29 past noon at 560 WQAM.
The answer to Bob, by the way, is...
No!
Thanks for the stuff.
But we're in the middle of a radio show here.
Okay, Bob?
We just don't do that.
Hurricane season's here before storm hits.
You put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home, don't you?
Of course.
But what about the roof of your house, huh?
The Somae Paint Factory makes roof-mastic, a roof coating that can help you hurricane-proof
your roof.
Somae's roof-mastic saved hundreds of roofs during Hurricane Andrew, while unprotected roofs
were peeding off and flying away like wildfire.
Somae also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof going.
Call the Somae Paint Factory at 305-63363333 of the Somae Paint Factory's the oldest, quality
paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state.
Somae will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups, and they sell
to everybody, including you at wholesale prices, that are 60 percent lower than what you'd
pay for national brands and retail stores.
So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough tropical climate with the
best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices.
Call the Somae Paint Factory 305-63363333 or find them on the web at Somae.com.
You save money when you buy direct from the Somae Paint Factory.
Be sure to tell them that ancient Neil told you to call 305-63363333.
The Somae Paint Factory 305-6333 is a very good product.
It's a very good product.
The Somae Paint Factory 305-6333 is a very good product.
The Somae Paint Factory 305-6333 is a very good product.
The Somae Paint Factory 305-6333 is a very good product.
Anyway, Mike DePolex, his city link didn't name you the best radio personality, but you're
on page 37 in the Hall of Fame.
Maybe that takes you out of the running who knows.
Hall of Fame, another one's like ancient history, and I like to be old man, whatever.
Which is fine.
I'm not saying it had to be me.
They've named me a million times and the new times and the readers always do.
Which is whatever.
Whatever they like.
But it's always got to be, there's something that ain't nobody ever heard of or be now
something that don't belong on to you in the first place because he's breaking the law.
Right. And when you bust your ass in this business, like in this market for a lot of years,
on legal, above-board radio stations, and then they're like honoring some guy that's breaking the law
with his phony-beloney handmade homemade transmitter, jamming the goddamn frequencies.
And then they're lamenting the fact that it's so hard to tune in because, you know, what a shame.
Well, I can't wait.
Maybe whoever else is close to this frequency ought to shut their transmitter down because he's got such a hot deal going there, you know?
If they'd be so kind.
We want to hear about Mahogany cards, okay?
Because it goes to show you when you get to be ancient like me, you can still learn new tricks.
You can still learn new tricks.
Mahogany cards, my ass.
I mean, aren't... I can't even express my words.
But they got like Carlos said.
Like what?
So, healy words and I don't know.
What is why healy have to do with being black?
You know they got that artwork that's all orange and brown and stuff?
Brown?
Yeah, I'm on.
You mean like, Cepia.
Hall over the floor.
WDQ-I-M.
Hey, I was gonna talk to Neil about it.
He asked if there was a white pirate radio station.
Yeah, is there?
Yeah.
A 953 is neighborhood.
In what neighborhood?
In your neighborhood.
In your neighborhood?
In plantation?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Yeah, it rocks.
It's the only punk rock radio station in town.
You running it?
No, man.
Come on, you must be running it.
What's your address?
No, man.
I need to get to the store to you, Neil.
You can tune it in from your house.
95.3?
Yeah.
I'll check it out in the way home.
All right, check it out.
Thanks.
So, you know, if it's a white pirate station, then...
Look at all these calls.
I'm a Hogany card.
It's nothing.
I think I blew it last year.
You know, the seven months of the bedtime stories,
that was a bad idea.
But seven months of just not begging for calls.
That's a good idea.
I mean, somebody out there has seen the Hogany cards.
I'm trying to get an education on here.
I saw the Hogany.
I heard the song.
Yeah.
Do you know where you're going?
I think that it was.
Do you know what life is showing about?
WQAM.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
You won like best AM personality though, from CityLink.
I did?
Yes.
It's an issue.
What do you think?
Always was fine to my friends at CityLink magazine.
That is probably my favorite publication in the world, you know what?
You guys are tight enough down there, man.
Well, we don't have anything you see.
When I'm not here, these guys here, you think that they're on top of what's going on?
They're busy taking a CES that are these two together.
I'm the same on Macros.
Yeah, I don't know about my Hogany cards, but I got some good wood form.
Yeah.
Okay.
He said he's got some good wood form is what he said.
Okay, some good wood.
Wood is good.
567.
I agree.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
So I went all out.
I was in a hall of fame.
I was the best AM radio personality.
They said I looked beautiful just like Brad Pitt.
And we don't have any of that.
And somebody takes the time to fix me the page that is going to piss me off.
Thank you for sending that though, because I don't like pirate radio.
I don't, it will be like pirate drugs, you know.
Right, that would be wrong.
56567.
Oh, 560.
Did you find Carlos's baby reddled?
Now, when you stop it, he's just doing the running for Sarah this week.
Okay, Sarah can't make it to a Walgreens, Sarah Tony.
She's having a little bit of a problem.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes, sir.
Not only do they have my eyes, as they also have Spanish cards.
They have what?
Spanish cards.
Spanish cards.
Yeah, but that's like another language.
That's for people who speak in English.
It's a yellow, but still.
Don't black people are other than the ones who speak Swahili.
Don't they speak at least someone in English?
They're not in Swahili.
George is exaggerating.
Yeah.
Okay, well listen, get a new phone, please.
Call the learner through, what a friend?
Can I just stand a freaking word?
He said something about the Chinese cards.
In spics.
Oh, look at this 19-1.
Well, I tell you, the time has gone away from us again, you know,
because we're BS in too much here.
Look at these tremendous calls.
Huh?
I like this better.
A few calls and a lot of us.
A lot of us just ripping everybody in ass.
Talking about the...
Pirate Radio, Citadelink Magazine, or whatever piece of crap it is.
They can suck my ass all they want.
It's nobody reads it, you know?
No.
But thanks anyway, I appreciate it.
Oh, maybe it's coming in now.
Look, maybe the faxes are coming in now.
Oh, no, but here's the story of Mahogany.
Oh, right.
This is great.
See, on a fax machine, the caller's there.
We got Squat, but the faxers, man.
The faxers are got their good crap.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll tell you after the break.
I'll give you the old teas.
The story is that before he went on balance for life, the beast used to be on a verge of death.
He still looks like crap, but he's 60 pounds less crap than he used to be.
In fact, he'd probably be like under 200 right now.
And he would have stayed on it.
If he would have shown a little bit of appreciation and been a munch, as opposed to being the butt sucker that he is,
you folks out there, if you really are determined to lose the weight.
And I know a lot of you like me, you're frustrated because you've been on air every day under the sun,
and you just can't get that fat, that disgusting nasty fat off your body.
Balance for life is a delicious and easy way to try it.
Because there's no cooking involved, there's no shopping, no cleaning, nothing to worry about,
nothing to count, no calories, no carbs.
They do all that fingering out for you.
And they deliver right to your door a little black sack.
You know how it works by now?
We've been talking about them for well over a year.
The black sack is sitting right outside your door by 6 a.m. at your home work,
wherever you want them to deliver it to.
All you do, the only effort you have to make besides picking up your sack and opening that baby,
is choosing that, to fill out the menu once a week, picking between two choices for each meal,
every day that you're on a program.
Inside your sack there are three delicious fresh gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
Most of them are microwavable.
You just pop them into microwave and you enjoy delicious, all kinds of good stuff, omelets and frittatas
and beef dishes and chicken, lots of really nifty stuff.
Made with the best ingredients and that's going to keep you satisfied all day long.
That's the difference between balance for life and most of the programs.
Most of them give you like parrot-sized portions, you're starving to death,
you're depriving yourself not with balance for life.
You'll be happy and satisfied and the weight will pour off your body.
So if you really want to lose the weight in equipping lethargic and disgusting and maybe diabetic or on a verge,
call balance for life and give them a try.
Call 954-568-3229.
It's the delicious way to lose the weight.
954-568-3229 or check them out on the web if you like it.
BalanceForLife.com.
Live a cool long.
We're supporting O5 City, UAM.
Work that brought you in DC, C-N-B-C, and MSNBC comes the greatest channel in the history of broadcasting.
V-S-N-B-C, tonight at A-V-M on Softball White House Press Secretary R.A. Flasher tells B-S-NBC
why the moustache cut will actually help poor people.
Homeland Security Director Tom Ritch will show you how duct tape and plastic sheeting will keep you 100% safe from chemical and biological attacks.
Then at 9-B-S-N-B-C investigates, brings you an exclusive interview with Scott Peterson who will prove he's totally innocent.
Then at 10-Rion Williams and a panel of absolute geniuses, blow the lid off the SARS-Hokes.
And later your wife will tell you that it happens to every guy and size doesn't matter.
All this plus I'm is in the morning.
On the most watched, most busted, most dependable, most honest, new channel in the history of journalism.
I get finally sawd all I need.
She finally saw that.
1247 at 560 WQM, that road bitch, you know.
So anyway, you're going to be very depressed when you hear this, because it has to do with one of your very best friends.
This facts.
Hey, to tell you, but your statement that nobody in the industry will tout Power Radio's false at least regarding your station.
A few months ago, Joe and Mark were going on on how great as camp this black man radio was.
It was a running topic for several nights.
To be fair, they didn't give about the frequency, but it was discussed by callers, etc.
See, that's why they're on from 2-5 in the morning. That's why they lost their 5 o'clock hour.
That's why their numbers are in a crapper.
No, let's see, there are people, believe me, I like Joe a lot, you know that.
It's a good guy.
But there are people who, I'll give you a parallel.
On one hand, I got three sticks in there having a grand bass now.
On the one hand, you got Pharrell, okay.
Pharrell is funny, he's hit, he's cool, he doesn't have to put on an act.
You see what I'm saying? He is what he is.
Right?
We're all different.
There it is.
There it is.
And he just happens to be a maniac.
But there are those people who want to be hip and cool and appeal to a certain group of people out there
because they think that by talking certain crap, that's going to appeal to you.
If you follow what I'm saying, I know.
Which is why the numbers on that show are like almost invisible.
What poor Moe would lead in, he's got.
And that's why they're talking his crap, you know, it hits and, uh, and, uh, pirate radio.
Got it?
That's the format.
I'm numb.
What do you mean you're numb?
As if I wasn't already from, uh, why don't you, don't even remember what that other thing was that you read.
About what?
I don't know, it's all out of my mind now because they're joined marketing.
That because there's so much distraction going on here seriously.
I'm leaving tonight.
I'm getting out of here.
I cannot stand sitting here watching the Schmidt that goes on in that room.
It's unbelievable.
It's incredible.
I'm getting dizzy just watching it.
McGill is flying off the wall.
He's grabbing Carlos's ass.
Carlos is as red as a goddamn beat.
He's trying to find his keys inside some part of McGill's body there.
I don't know what the hell they're doing up against the wall.
You're sitting there pale as a ghost.
Wondering what the hell is going on?
Which side of your thing is buttered on?
And then here we, I can't deal with.
I'm too old for this.
I'm too old to sit here and physically.
That's why one of the 8,000 reasons why life in Toronto was so much better than this.
I can't deal with it.
No wonder you can't even remember.
What?
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
And look at that.
Right there on the top of that naked broad you got on the door.
There's the Virgin Mary looking down.
She's not going to be too pleased with that.
Mama Mia.
Now what is this crap that he just wrote?
Is he still in there against the wall or is he gone?
We're getting out of there.
I'm going to start breathing on you giving you SARS-Man.
You know this Corso.
He didn't make it anywhere in the studio.
He was too busy in there sabotaging the show in the other room.
He didn't make it anywhere in the hear that pussy.
Oh, he's going to have to go into Corso.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I'm going to have to go to the other room.
I want to see him on that same chain that Cyril Goldfarb's TV was on.
I want to see him on that tomorrow.
10-0-1, I want him on that chain.
I don't want him up and down, back and forth, too and fro.
Bouncing off the walls, sucking the girls ass.
I don't want to see any of that again.
It's a disgusting thing.
How do you like that?
Even if that's what it takes to see the girls ass,
and quite frankly, I don't want him not into ass.
I think you just showed it though.
I think you just showed it though.
I think you just showed it though.
I suppose the povertyGet technology is what the Japanese people want.
but I think about Ladyarp Baptist.
And I think about Lady bit IF you in Love,
and I think about Lord Stuff a Sphone sound.
187 that's still there?
time in just a few years Mahogany became a permanent hallmark brand within the company's
ethnic business center, a division dedicated to researching and creating cards for African-American,
Jewish and Hispanic consumers, Jewish cards. But I'm assuming those are for like Jewish holidays.
Wouldn't you? Absolutely. What did you say? Absolutely. Oh.
Today, Mahogany is grown to a complete line of more than 900 cards for every day,
and almost every season of life, ranging from religious to humor, so Mahogany cards convey the
beauty and depth of African-American life and always feature hallmark signature quality,
African-American art and poetry are often featured, making these cards perfect or framing.
Currently, Mahogany is the only branded cards that advertise in leading African-American publications,
like Essence and Ebony, and often teams up with leading ethnic consumer product manufacturers
for joint promotions. Joint promotions. You know what those are? Absolutely.
Wow! Are we getting the guy's name education here today or what, huh?
Yes. Freaking Mahogany cards. I mean, I can understand cards from Martin Luther King Day.
It's a black holiday, right? Just like there's cards for young Kipper and Easter and Christmas and Passover.
All these ethnically specific holidays and events. All these religiously specific holidays and events.
Jewish greeting cards are not for ethnicity, they're for religiosity. Oh, I beg to differ.
The shop where I buy a lot of gifts and everything like that, they have an entire Jewish card section
for all kinds of things, including birthdays and etc and so on.
A Jewish birthday? So I guess you won a apology then to the African-American community for what
you just said about Mahogany cards. We said it was ridiculous and it was like a racist thing
and about half we had cards for white people's birthday, it would be considered...
When we were considered racist, well, we already are, I guess. Yeah, I guess.
So yeah, I don't know. I just... And of course it's Peter Boris,
if he wouldn't have been talking about what prompted you to say that? Oh, he was shopping for a card for
Dad for Father's Day, for your father, for your father. Any bottom in Mahogany card.
That was very nice. Well, his dad is... Multicor...
1256 at 560 WDQYM, if you're in a real dead end job like Carlos, maybe college is too expensive for
you, maybe it takes too long, you know, one way four years until you start getting the life.
If you can afford $10 a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months,
fast train can help you achieve a new high-paying computer career. That is correct.
Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify.
So call fast train toll-free, 1-866 fast train. They got four locations in South Florida,
so there's bound to be a fast train near where you live. Call them today and talk to a train
career counselor, 1-866 fast train. They offer you a day evening weekend schedules job,
placement hands-on training. Call fast train. It's a toll-free call. There's no obligation.
They'll explain to you how to get a life. 1-866 fast train. Fast train's deferred payment is valid for a
year regular payment supply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break,
somebody and other underpaid dead end job are just looking to increase your net worth.
These are the people you want to be talking to because they'll get you under a real career and a real
fat paycheck. Fast train toll-free. It's 1-866 fast train or check them on that wicked web at fast train.com.
This is which when you'll buy some fuel. 2 AM.
Just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
I need another abortion and I need it fast. I feel like a baby hanging out my ass.
I'm hobbling and having trouble lifting my feet.
I'm panic with the fake at lies down the street. It's the abortion shuffle.
All right. The abortion shuffle.
Oh! That's a got me in trouble.
Clean me out on the double.
Strap me in the stirrup. Get the feet in out of my bed.
I think from the juices that I hose and squirt.
The lactating milk fall over my shirt. I'm walking like him taking baby steps.
At the dark side my pupa gaze spread and stretches the abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
Abortion shuffle.
Get the hanger on the double.
Abortion shuffle.
Strap me in the stirrup. Get the feet in out of my bed.
Oh!
He likes guy films with things low up.
She likes girl films. They make me throw up.
Some of it.
Men versus chicks.
And cause all the arguments.
Well, well, well, well up.
Let's see this. Let's see this.
What a hell. I could cry.
How about this? How about this?
Wanna see people die.
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh.
Wanna go to Terminator 3.
You can go but you won't take me.
How about something with Reese with a spoon?
Not unless she shows us her moves.
Summer bites when you get into bites over what film to see tonight.
Well, well, well, well up.
Let's see this. Let's see this.
Cause we after it's cute.
How about this? How about this?
Cause they're jokes about poop.
We just argued. You know how it ends.
I saw my movie with all my girlfriends.
Then the next day still couldn't agree.
So we said let's just watch TV.
Summer's come when all said and done.
All the movies are really done.
There we go, there we go.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I've been living big, big pleasure in a big, big way, just to feel
I can't wait to have a bathtub, but still wanna look at me? where are you? No, the
We hate hate hate
no he would excuse be him, wouldn'thold my hand over his burden cam
dead and worried about what I eat
I don't want to die from having a stake.
I don't want to swallow no macchiamines.
I'm gonna take a break.
Take it off my plate.
Don't give me don't be boys.
I'm asking these.
I want to catch more macchiamines and waste away.
Don't give me no people.
I'm vegan now.
I have to get by on the side of somehow and waste away.
I'm not here.
I'm gonna take my burger away.
Don't give me no people.
I'm the same with four.
I don't want to get sick from what's on my four.
I can't waste away.
Don't give me no people.
I have no food.
I guess I'll have to give up flavor to always away.
I want to live on my day.
Don't give me no people.
I'm asking these.
I want to catch more macchiamines and waste away.
New from the makers of CK1, the center of both sexes, comes the newest and aromatic
afferty'sy acts made just for homosexual.
D.I. CK1 is the stiff new scent for today's all-turned-nobodyd installer.
Thumb calones can lead you feeling half-cocked and the smell doesn't last long.
With D.I. CK1, you just squirt it on your face and you're good to go, say all right.
D.I. CK1.
Scientifically designed with triple enzymes and sheep sperm extractants, D.I. CK1.
In a 12-inch bottle with a purple tip dispenser, it's the all-new D.I. CK1.
And coming soon, the all-new scent for lesbian, SSY1.
Hey, dude.
Are you smelling?
If I'm smelling, there's no telling.
Ellen.
There ain't no smelling where my feet are dwelling.
That's because these hip-cock-acations are wearing doctors' smalls' outer-eaters.
Yo, are you smelling?
If I'm smelling, lock me up like a felon.
My feet used to be smelling like rotten melons.
If you took a whiff, your eyes would start wellin'.
People worry bellowin' until I stop smelling.
Dr. Schmoll's outer-eater insoles are the best way to stop foot-odor.
And the best way to rip off our gelin' ass.
Yo, Kellin.
Are you smelling?
Uh, uh, no.
I'm not smelling.
Man, you are so smelling.
When it comes to smelling, you're excelling.
The reasons for you to stop smelling are compelling.
Dr. Schmoll's outer-eater insoles.
Available at your local drugstore.
That's where they're mullet.
They're the numerous allegations that you're really not 12 years old.
Is it?
No, no.
I am the legal age to play little league baseball.
Hey, honey, please.
Keep the kids quiet, okay?
Oh, and?
Hey.
Uh, who are these folks?
Oh, this is my children.
Pedro, Juan Carlos, orito.
Right.
Now, back to the allegations.
So how old are you?
Oh, uh, we like it.
No, thanks.
I don't smoke.
Okay.
1975.
Uh, I was, uh, okay, three years old.
Lost, uh, 1989.
Nine.
Um, two.
Two.
I'm Miracle Cosa.
Osuelo, I told you, keep the kids quiet and get my racer.
You know, I'm a racer.
I'm a racer.
I'm a racer.
I'm a racer.
I'm a racer.
I'm a racer.
Oh, no, I, uh, should be going.
Put down.
That is a flag boy.
Oh, kids, yeah.
Hey, minutes after one of five sixty, it's our big Wednesday,
noon to one hour.
You got something really big on our website.
If you go to neorongers.com right now, just to scroll on down, man,
is the list keeps growing.
It's a beautiful thing right under where it says, updated the movie list,
the gallery of the weird just keeps getting weirder.
There are two of the most lovely pictures I've ever laid my eyes on in my life.
Eat your hearts out, all you Mahogany card buyers.
Top left, you got clearance and the beast in the nude with a big smile on their
push.
And on the top right, you have never seen these two so tight.
Moe and Guldi.
Gland in hand.
It's just a beautiful thing.
And of course, underneath this still I'm on my hands and knees.
See, I don't want to see who it is behind me because I'm afraid it might be moe.
And it is.
That's why you're wearing that thing.
That's what I said.
That's why I got the big lamp shade on.
As Guldi, as Moe continues pumping me like it's going on a star.
Correct.
And just don't stop.
Like I right now.
He sure got the energy, don't he?
So go to neorongers.com.
It's a hoot and a hoot and a holler.
Okay.
How is the pool coming you might ask?
That's a good question.
Have a look at that at the Coons age.
Let's take a peek.
Oh my god, this thing is so slow because there's a lot of activity going on right now.
In fact, it is so slow.
It's going to be like 2.15 by the time this thing loads up again.
Is yours like slow?
Well, that's because I just told them all to go to the website.
Oh, see, this is ordinarily not.
This computer has two speeds.
Yeah.
Often beyond.
Slow it off.
See, I just got to tell them that now they're all, well, that's okay.
I'll give you the result in a minute.
Anyway, it's 10 minutes after 1 and 5, 60 WQM.
The Mad Dog at 2.
The Humper from Shul is at 4.
And then we got the big, for real night at the Marlins kick the Mets' Astorite.
Anybody going to be there?
No.
At least 5 are going to be here.
And what's his name?
They're boner boil.
Oh, here it is.
Which of these you care about the most?
We asked today on our poll.
560 votes so far.
Not too bad.
When is most last day on the year?
2013.
Middle East piece.
150.
What's it say?
Who'll be the Dolphin starting quarterback?
69.
Is that for real?
Real voice?
61.
The Florida Marlins 24.
Kids using cell phones at school 24.
And Phidel Castro.
Unbelievable.
Only 19.
Only 19.
We're not broadcasting to the right crowd, I guess.
Or like I said, maybe we're broadcasting to the right crowd.
It's 11 after 1 at 5.
60 WQM.
How low can those interest rates grow?
You're probably wondering.
Now financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest B Finance rate you've ever heard of.
How low can they possibly go?
How does this sound?
1.95%.
That's true.
Now you can be finance your home or buy a new home and get you a super low 1.95% financing rate with financial group.
Call them and find out about it.
1-800-940-Lind.
That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
If you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate.
Call financial group at 1-800-940-Lind.
Talk about savings.
Wait till you hear these low monthly payments.
If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments will be only $360 a month.
If you take out a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $736 a month.
So call financial group 1-800-940-Lind to get the kind of low, low, unbelievable rate you've been looking for for a lifetime.
1.95%.
That's financial group 1-800-940-Lind.
So L-E-N-D, they're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
Why?
Why?
In local town here, sports radio 560-CUA-M.
Squad on this.
Oh!
Absolutely.
You've seen him on Channel 7 News.
First, as a 2-bit reporter.
Now, as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay Combine.
Rick Sanchez sings.
So, we're gonna win now.
So, I'm so excited.
Here are the dulcet tones of the men who brought you crime check.
Rick Sanchez.
Lack of crime check.
You're nobody gonna win.
I'm nobody to part of.
We're nobody to part of.
Rick Sanchez.
Oh, Rick Sanchez sings.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Give me a hug with a puffer over the teeth.
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face all over Hylia.
It's one show you all wanna miss, stay for a good one.
Oh, Rick Sanchez.
He loves his audience.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
Oh, God.
Baby, my partner, new ones on the way.
Haven't been a daddy since yesterday.
Heather's expecting we can work it out.
But it doesn't make me want to twist and shout.
When I'm 64, I'll still change diaper.
When this kid's grown up, I will be dead.
Better stock up now on baby wipers.
My aching head.
Boy, baby McCartney won't give me no rest.
I am not much better off than he best.
Don't know if the kid will be a singer.
Just hope it tells you when it finally comes.
Want the job to have ten toes in finger.
Unlike its mom, baby McCartney, your dad is elderly.
Wonder why I couldn't just let it be.
Oh!
And now a public service announcement from the Naval Forces
and retired rear admiral Dan C. Worthy.
Due to the recent shortage in recruits, we here at the Navy
are being forced to come out and tell you the American people
that we need semen.
We need a lot of good, strong semen.
Frankly, we're so low that we're looking for all kinds of semen.
We get young semen, old semen.
Heck, at this point, we'll take any semen that shoots our way.
Without semen, we're not the men we should be.
So please help us.
We need your semen, America.
Give us all you can.
As we say in the Navy, all hands on deck.
Thank you.
The proceeding was a message from the Naval Forces,
trying to lick their semen problem once and for all.
All right.
The route off the scumbag bomber.
He was hiding in the woods, living like an animal.
Just like a white supremacist.
He is the creep who is wanted for lighting the Olympic fused.
And for blowing up people who thought they had a right to choose.
Then one steamy summer's heat.
The route off came to town.
While looking for some dumpster food.
A cop said freeze or I will shoot.
Now that the feds have caught him.
He's hiding in a jail cell.
The route off the scumbag bomber.
Soon you're gonna fly in hell.
Oh, right.
Don't like all the harbor.
Don't don't don't ever see.
Don't don't don't let me die.
It didn't win.
Don't don't don't fall.
My TV.
He's president of the f**k door.
Republicate bustle in.
And in archaic religious.
I don't know why they want to come.
But now he's easier.
Just cruise in there for you.
Just with president of the f**k door.
Oh, what I get to go vote for small.
And get to we all voted for.
Why?
If you want this.
Don't don't live strumming stupidly.
Don't don't don't.
Find this drunk and rich kid.
Don't don't don't see even.
Lumber than me.
He's president of the f**k door.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got him in by hook or a cross with the Christian.
Oh, I know what it does.
You and I have a hell of no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
Oh, with president of the f**k door.
Represident of the f**k door.
Represident of the f**k door.
Represident of the f**k door.
We've got an inside wall street 10.
And now she's gonna pay for it.
Bromber says she lied.
She soon being died in it.
Facing lots of time.
We're so excited to see her take it out and cuss.
20 years won't be enough.
Drives her up and strides.
Sender to sing sing.
Put her in for life.
That would be a good thing for Martha.
We'll get you far inside of trading.
And they'll send you away, oh Martha.
When we're laughing so hard and we're shaking.
What you've got worth today, oh Martha.
You had everything with your smile then.
Yeah, they'll send you away, oh Martha.
You'll be sharing the stain that's still on it.
With your sound waves.
Yeah.
Copy, search.
Copy, search.
Really, search.
Copy, search.
Copy, search.
Copy, search.
Let my fist beat down on a puffy face.
For voting this song.
Cause when I hear you sing it makes me grimmest.
You make it seem so wrong.
You can't sing it like nor can that guy miss.
I wish I had a gun.
One of these days you might write you a song.
And then mind you won't steal.
Barry Manelow.
He's had a ton of hits.
But none as painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose.
And now Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD can't smell without you.
With fractured versions of Barry's hits like Copacovanna.
I broke my banana and now it's the size of her banana.
As well as a remastered and really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact.
Oh damn it.
My nose is the wall now it's ain't key.
But that's not all.
Barry Manelow's can't smell without you is swollen with hits.
You nose and love like I break the schnauz.
I made it through the pain.
Looks like I broke it and a title track with Barry's trademark hook.
You know I can't smell without you.
I can't breathe without you.
I can't sip and I can't pick.
It looks like my face was hit with a prick.
Barry Manelow's can't smell without you.
Walk into a wall mark.
And pick up a copy today.
We'll arm Jerry Paul Wheel on the right hand of God.
And when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of happily.
Or CNN I saw Purple creature with a gay sign on his head.
It was an upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Atelequity.
Where just when I thought things couldn't get worse.
I noticed he was carrying a little purse now.
How can they call this a children's show?
I'm gonna be purple but I have a brown hole.
He has an upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
I love to trade your balls.
Atelequity gay.
Where almost about Christian kindness hard to believe.
But on the television he's a TV screen.
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the face.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
I'm gonna be purple.
Stop by to win prizes.
Beerspecial check out this week's feature.
Terrat Wild.
Also there will be tickets to see Poisonwood's Kid Row
and Vince Neal at the Sounded by Santhamphitheater August the Turd.
Anyway Brandy Shoes is celebrating their 25th anniversary this year.
We wish them a happy anniversary and we wish you to get your feet in there
because it's a great place to shop for shoes.
They got great service and they got unbeatable selection and prices as well.
All the top names in a shoe binnest.
They got rock ports, echoes, mefisto, tibberlin, clarks, s.a.s, floor shim and lots more.
And then there's a wide range of sizes.
Men's 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, and widths from the very, very narrow to the very, very wide.
And like I said, they give you professional service.
In fact, I know you so well, I even know you by the smell of your feet.
That's how close they work on you at Brandy Shoes in Pompano Beach.
They probably will.
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway Pompano Beach, open daily 9 to 9 Sunday, stand to 5.
And don't forget, right now is a great time to buy new balance shoes at Brandy's
because this moment and all this week take 20% off of all great men's and women's new balance styles.
That's this week's top buyer visit my website at BrandyShoes.com.
Absolutely.
My, and local, this is 420560.
Way, way, yeah.
Coming soon to a voting booth near you.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a candidate.
Yeah, now Amy Leander running man.
Ha ha.
He's a deadly political machine sent from the future to terminating the governor of President, they California.
Hasta la vista, great Davis.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the candidate.
I think that all of the state officials should be totally recalled.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has what it takes to succeed in politics.
If you're going to tell lies, make sure that they're true lies.
He's the last political action hero.
He is Arnold Schwarzenegger, the candidate.
Hold for me if you want to live.
Hey, poor by a string of cliched action films and a little bit of Kennedy money.
195 at the local pet store.
Buzzie and cute.
Who could ask for more to the turbo?
How can I do the turbo?
How can I do the turbo?
How can I best get that your ever gone old?
Who we got here is Richard here with the turbo and the two bandamans just near to the turbo?
How can I do the turbo?
Oh, right.
The best amp that you'll ever want to hold.
You could have a puppy.
You could have a pussy cat.
But when you've got a turbo, you'll know where it's at.
If one out, look for flaws.
Choose the one with the night, it's claws to the turbo.
Stop, stop, stop.
Through the turbo.
Wow, wow, the best amp that you'll ever want to hold.
He's the biggest, that's funny, it's wonderful time.
And he's not taking any prisoners.
He's Axel Schwarzenegger.
Welcome to the jungle.
We got fun and games.
We got everything you've had to deploy your own to hell.
Axel Schwarzenegger, he's all pumped up and ready to rock.
Take me down to Paradise City, as a glass screen and the girls are pretty.
Or I'll stick a grenade on short for the sun, bomb strike.
It's military industrial strength rock and roll, the way only Axel Schwarzenegger can tell it.
It's the Irvine, ogling the f***er.
John Claude Van Dam is a f***er.
Steven Seagal is a f***er with a ponytail.
The only reason I did a film with De Vito is because he could smite standing up.
It's Axel Schwarzenegger, exclusively on Terminator CD's records and cassettes.
If you don't buy this album, I'll be back.
Roll another plant.
Ease.
Oh, f***er.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm going toward the core.
I'm gonna hit the corners.
I was gonna run from the cops, but I was high.
Oh, I'm serious, man.
I was gonna pull right over and stop, but I was high.
Oh, now I'm a pair of pleats shaking, I know why.
Why, baby?
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
I was gonna make love to you.
Oh, now I'm taking the!
I'm gonna get high.
I'm serious.
I was gonna eat your pussy too.
Now I'm taking the, and I don't want it.
Oh, yeah.
You know?
You know how to do that?
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
I messed up my entire life.
Because I got high.
Yeah, yeah.
I lost my kids too.
Why?
Because I'm ha, say what, say what, say what, say what, say what, say what, now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk
And I know why, why, say it, because I got, because I got, because I got, because I got,
La, la, la, la, la, I'm a stop singing the song, because I'm ha,
Say a word, I'm a whore, yeah I'm up, because I'm ha, because I'm ha, because I'm ha,
Are you right on the left?
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, the real life is,
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, it's, giveny-be,
Ah, all right, and you, the vision, it's the show, the, it's the no-j, con the hey, I know.
Now, hey, you, uh, how about this, bro?
Have you seen about this?
El President, take Clinton.
Hey, boy, how are you?
How are you?
You're kidding?
That's what we're doing.
Oh, yeah.
Hi, Madjana.
Mr. Tom Broca has an international interview.
On the red light district of Amsterdam.
As the as Tom Broca in New York.
Yo, Tango, Unreporto, D. La Senora,
K. Danso, Unel Bafo, Harden Arrow.
Tambien, Vegas, Ross, Rachel,
Ferobee, Monica, Joey, and Sandler.
And, ah, Migos.
My wife is a lesbian.
It's very cool.
Finally, in the movie of the Christmas Eve.
A lot more beautiful.
And, Reeeeen!
Solovente and Yudavision.
Come on.
I'm not dating.
I'm about 82.
And I've got to keep my teeth healthy.
And we're two.
Yeah, I'm so aged.
But I can still keep rocking you.
Absolutely.
20 till 2 at 5.60 WDQM, the mad dog coming up at 2.
The Humper from Shool is at 4.
Let me tell you about dollar mattress.
I've talked about it for years on it.
Show a lot of people asked me.
Do you really sleep on a mattress from dollar mattress?
And the answer is, yes, I do.
In fact, when you don't have no little dog that wakes you up three times in the middle of the night.
Every night you will be amazed at what a great night sleep you can get on your fantastic quality name brand mattress.
From dollar mattress.
If your mattress is lumpy and bumpy, worn out just had it.
If you screwed your brains up and the mattress can't take no mole.
Here's the answer.
One easy cut of dollar mattress you won't believe how easy it is to do this kind of shopping.
1-800 mattress.
That's the number.
1-800-MATTR-ES.
They've got unbeatable everyday low prices.
On all the top names in a business, they've got CLE, service, Simmons, temperedic, no sales gimmicks, no false promises, no mismatches, no house brands, no off-crap.
Just the best merchandise I said on beatable prices, like I said.
Call 1-800-MATTR-ES right now.
You'll see exactly what I'm talking about.
Ask about the comfort exchange policy.
If you're not completely satisfied, they'll exchange it free and no questions asked.
Plus, dollar mattress gives you a free set up of your new mattress, free removal of that crappy old worn out one.
You get to choose the date and tie for delivery that fits your schedule when it's convenient for you.
All of these things nobody in the universe can challenge this kind of service.
Dollar mattress is the easiest way to get you a great night sleep for years to come.
Call them right now that we're knocking on your door no time at all.
1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out on the web at macriss.com.
My, my, and locals.
This is 4205-60.
Way, way, way.
Roger Mary, Roger Mary.
Now the public depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Since you saved his life with your flight, scissors, knives, he's got a job where he'll tend to.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your do.
With the big B, on your chest and full bruise and tight dress, self-ending goes to our own prayers.
Roger Mary.
Who's with the speed of a good sound?
Tanks the bad guy straight to hell.
When a fiddle of things starts too low, when your leaving's then we know.
You're rushing through with one mighty blow.
Hi, this is Hillary Clinton.
I hope when you run out to buy my book, you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat c**t swinging under my skirt.
But you can't blame Bill, he's certainly not gay.
I just have the credentials every politician needs to feel wife of convenience.
And it's pretty much ended with that.
Bill is such a horn dog. He probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway.
And Chelsea?
Well, if you buy my book, you can read all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhard and our love child.
Now, I wasn't born a Democrat. I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tip O'Neill.
So buy my book.
Now, because I can never have enough.
If you order a copy today, I will personally autograph the all-newed scratch and sniff hold out.
Scream.
Some stations give you cars.
Some stations give you cash.
But this station is going to give you the best gift of all.
Because this station is going to give you peace of mind.
Sandra Bernhard.
Just be the third color when you hear the sound.
And we'll give you a lobotomy.
That's right.
We'll remove a part of your brain responsible for coherent thought.
No more fear.
No more problems.
Just day after day of peaceful living in a semi-vegetated state.
You'll be surrounded by people who will quote you.
Feed you and record your every vowel movement.
Spend your days playing with bison paper and brightly colored blind.
Wessie for our peace of mind.
Oh, because you had a lobotomy.
This station is not liable for botch lobotomies that leave winners merely stupid instead of peaceful.
But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenience store on the night ship.
In the back.
Loose your mind.
Literally.
People listening to us.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if you get some tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery.
Face kit for all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And those wondering.
Boys, let's start with.
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done.
But I don't know what they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
It's your treat, me.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then if I'm looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for the...
What's the lotion in the basket?
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit in the bottle.
I can't see.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
What do you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Bill, I can't see.
Yes.
Who you have imagined?
I need to light my shoelaces.
It's not an omelette, sir.
When there is a bomb in my shoe
And the melody in my heart
I get that ting ting tickle and feeling
When I blow the plane
A mark to show the world that's my fate
Please, be closer to Aha
Your light is worth the taking, for my religion's a reason why,
With a bomb on my feet, a word of wet spot on your seat.
You'll find that I'm an outsider, when there's a bomb in my shoe.
Alala, alala, alala, what a wonderful way to die this way.
You're a crazy load.
I'm fighting you, I'm fighting you, you're a thing of alala.
A great one, I guess.
151 or 560, look at that.
We got 657 votes on this pool today.
Which of these do you care about most?
When is Moes last day on a year, 246?
When's in a landslide so far?
Middle East peace, 181, and could it happen?
Who'll be that often starting quarterback 82?
Is that for Rowsfield voice 75?
Florida, Marlins, oh it's way on down to these last three categories.
Florida, Marlins 27, kids using cell phones at school 25,
and Fidel only 21 votes.
Nobody here, all over, yeah Miguel's gonna go vote for you.
In fact, 10 of those are Miguel's.
Matter of fact, Dory, he cares about Fidel and the Marlins equally.
What does that tell you?
It's a damn good thing he looks good, I'll tell you that.
8 minutes till 2 at 560, WQM, I'll tell you who looks really good.
Well maybe they don't look also great.
Tom Limit and Joe Prieta would hell at Pontiac GMC,
but the deals they got are unbeatable, they look great.
NEODLE number one, get 0% financing for 60 months at every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
I'll tell you again, be an herb boy if he had half a brain would have got himself a great car at Hallett.
He didn't go there, schmuck.
NEODLE number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate at every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
Attention, current and former military personnel, get you an additional $750 rebate from all your friends at Hallett right now.
NEODLE number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1, for his little ass $289 a month, chump change.
It's a 36 month VCM at Hallett for details.
And right now at Hallett test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours, you can take it home, take it up to Hershey,
how I take it to work and have you a great time with it, please bring it back.
And of course, Hallett has always got a great selection of dependables, pre-owned, certified cars, trucks and SUVs as well.
And don't worry about fussy credit because even if your credit is on a marginal side,
even if you used to work in radio sales, they'll probably still cut you deal with Hallett Pontiac GMC.
You'll find them at $134.01, South Dixie Highway, that's US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info call to NEODLE hotline, it's a toll-free call, 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211. Don't forget all NEODLEs are subject to credit,
Provele-C dealer for details. Hallett Pontiac GMC, we agree unanimously on this one. They be professional grade.
By the local business, these five cities, the radio's all yours down.
QAM.
It's time to get it on.
Shorts and Ager is back, fighting an inhuman adversary that threatens us all.
Why won't this thing call late?
Tonerator 3, rise of the office machine.
They can't be bargained with, they can't be reasoned with, they don't feel pity or are more of fear,
and they absolutely will not work ever.
For you?
I have the Tonerator. Are you Sarah Kalner?
Is this your piece of garbage, Kalpia?
Yeah.
Stand back. Ask the labista, Toner Kalkwitch.
Tonerator 3, rise of the office machines. He was sent from the future to the past to destroy the office machines of today.
Come with me if you want to live without that lousy Kalpia.
Yeah, that's great Tonerator, but they're just gonna buy it.
See, 1000, and they were more deadly cop here.
No problem, I'd be buying.
Greetings, DJ, for Paper Jam.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominant people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there, Tottenhamza.
Right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Our nap forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after satan too.
Plankato Samah, there's no longer mention of the name it laudeth,
but no one seems concerned all, comfy and complacent,
believing every word of this cartel of administration
that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The Lost Civil Rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the Ashcroft is saying.
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying.
I know media cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle ends, world annihilation.
Old regime must fall and have a virgin insult with no objection at all.
Timocraft don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade watch pants.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Since that grand red dog of God, I broke out him and he passed I got the liquid crabs and bats on throat.
I could not stop scratching my swollen throat, wearing a diaper for my wee wee,
grabbing every banana that I see swinging.
Like a bivin' in the trees, there's no cure for this new designer disease going.
Bye bye bye!
Can a Roger Show on 560's OEM, Miami for Lurehail?
Absolutely.
