The Jets are saying they got to play better defense against the Dolvin blizzard
Who the hell is this the man who's robbing you?
Five minutes from now the guys in the ball pulled the positive six bags
He's a ball girl a bit
One minute after that the elevator will rise to pages
Three of your guys can pick up the bags and carry them out
Now it's been four to twenty seconds to wait for the scene of four. This is ocean to live. Yeah
So that's what you're gonna do you're gonna pull a nice thing? Yeah, Neil
I'm gonna try to rob the MGM grand not only go to the fight but while the fight's going on
I'm gonna rob the cages of over ten million dollars now. This is an all expense paid trip right? I hope yeah all expense paid by me
What now? I'm going out there for top rank they're putting me up and I'm doing two shows from there
But I have to pay for everything else. What are you talking about? I don't know what what should I do advice me?
Great one. I would think by now after a couple of months you to be on to the whole deal here
You're not supposed to pay for nothing. I'm not gonna pay for anything. I'm gonna give him a receipt when I get back
Mo has in touch you Schmidt man. By the way, I hope you don't I hope you're like got the lights all off before you went in there
Did they show this morning? Yeah?
You have a piece huh? Yeah, it was herpes or was it what you have to know? Let's listen. Do you have footage of him talking this morning?
Listen, I know you got it. Oh, I think I have a good
Herpes. Oh, God. Oh, God. I'm gonna catch my flight. You'll have a great day. Have a great time Scott. Thank you.
I'm gonna do much.
I heard you
You grew up with them both and now antler records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and bullwink
We're here you guy. For this dead enough Natasha. Your is the only way down you. Yes, Simon and bullwink
Recorded live in Central Park and frost by falls the music of Paul Simon the lyrics of Mr. Noet Hall
I'm singing your disrepute your station but I got a more than
Animation you know
You know
Simon and bullwink all greatest hits I am a moose
I am a man
Oh, yes, it is Paul but it's not art and rock steals the fame
Because movies never play unfortunately Simon and bullwink all greatest hits
Now available at Mr. Thibaudi's records and hits
Love that Mr. Peabody dusting the cobwebs out their friendship the folk rock duo Paul Simon art garfuck
An onslai's that the reaniding for a concert German North America this fall
They both just turned 93 shows begin October 18th at the palace at Auburn Hills outside Detroit
Ever been to Detroit like I said don't go okay, you know what you'll say I have to make your first visit to Detroit
I think I have herpes like Moe. He was got herpes absolutely
Either that at Weaselon has had reached down and been him riding a goddamn eyebrow
He's got chirpies the 60s favorites I think I have herpes who last recorded together in 1975
So more than 40 million albums in the US with the sounds of silence
Bridger would travel water Mrs. Robinson yoddy yoddy yoddy and the voice bad enough and Mr. Peabody
Great nice going Simon a garfuck or anybody want to hear them? No they were good. I like Paul Simon was great
Sure art garfuckle all on his own. What was the song he did the Sam Cook song? Don't a wonderful world
Okay, right am I right? Yes. Don't know much about crap don't know much about herpes I think I have herpes
No, actually I do know quite a bit about it, but that's another story for another day
I know a lot about the thick head herpes like calm down. Oh, okay
That must have been why he was out yesterday hit like a chanker or something these stayed out for a whole day
Well, it was God is right. He's such a pussy, you know
By the way speaking of Scott Scott junior in there may get paid does sometimes soon clearance was in her yesterday apologizing
Yeah, you're full of crap clearance. You're we're on to you
We're on to your baloney. Okay. He's stonewalling. He's just stalling installing and pushing it back and pushing it back
You know just try to like save a few bucks for a cheap ass outfit. Okay, let's get right to it
We don't have a lot of time today. We got a short show. We got just tons of crap
Man, just tons and tons and tons of crap. Here's a little piece of advice for you by the way
Everybody in the audience do not take Santa Cod unless you need it. You know what I'm saying? Wow
Well, you know my my words are healing up from that awful bacon experience that ate 75 pieces of bacon from how he was there
And I'm finally like it's almost gone, but I'm thinking well, you know you the stool softener is good
We can't talk about that. Can we stool softer? It's not lunch yet. Huh? No seriously, but it can't hurt
So for whatever reason I just took a Cennacott last night before I went to bed. That was a bad movement, man
Wow this morning. I just woo
Heavy duty experience don't take Cennacott unless you really needed my should be taken Cennacott
Believe me. I'll keep you busy. My you'll be crapping your brains out all day long
Anyway, the poor result from yesterday
I don't know they just
The hundred and three votes. It's not too bad, but this was they're just not concerned, you know?
No, I'm not they're very very calm tomorrow. By the way, it's trests draft for his birthday on 9-11
Happy birthday Troy. We're not playing the thing till tomorrow, right?
What's your take on this Thursday's two-year anniversary of 9-11? It's tomorrow
It's tomorrow stay calm stay cool. We don't want to get anybody into a panic. Don't start losing your grip on reality
George has suggested no
Be afraid be very afraid nothing will happen 698 58% of this audience is fully confident that nothing is gonna happen tomorrow
Well, you know what you're all wrong because something's gonna happen. Yeah, so it'll come up right tomorrow
Maybe and maybe not
Maybe your son will come up tomorrow or go down
Nothing will happen 698. What me worry 289? I'm buying duct tape and vis Queen
It was a late vision on their 92 say they're buying their duct tape and vis Queen
Badchman will happen 54. I'm staying close to home all day 36 and I won't travel tomorrow 34 out of
1203 votes on yesterday's pull we got two polls today. How do you like that two for the price of none?
Here's the first one for this hour only
We got a short show now. You know that's a crank call Scott. Don't you mind me beach? You know that line six is a crank mind me beach
That was great
Edward Teller's dead is right 25 what a Nazi bastard he was
I wonder if he was related to Nistva on guiding light top of our but at any rate
Edward Teller's that you know you got the Tom Lerthing back though the Edward Teller song on there, right? We do you know
Yeah, we got the Tom Ler album back there. He's probably all of them. I don't know so never heard from Edward Teller the hell he didn't
Or no, it was very fun brown well same difference. Doc
Anyway, here's the first pull for today before we get to the heavy duty stuff all before we do it though
This story about the lottery ticket this
In today's Harold and I just looked at this and I talked to myself. There's only one remedy for doing that
Throwing your brains out
Who had the 50 million dollar ticket float as biggest lotto loser? It says when the clock tick passed 12 a.m
Tuesday yesterday time ran out on somebody's dream
A 50 million dollar winning lottery ticket bought in North Bay village on March 12th expired the largest jackpot in Florida lottery history to go unclamed
It was the 20th winning Florida ticket to be lost and more likely forgotten about the previous record was $60 million pot left behind in 1991
I think I just feel the heavy pot
Lottery winners have 180 days to claim their prizes the money now goes into the Florida education enhancement trust fund
What does that mean that the kids go to school for like two days a year now
Some of it will be reinvested in a new games for the lottery spokeswoman Sheila Griffin said
Keep in mind the lottery is the biggest ripoff the biggest legalized ripoff in history mankind. Am I right?
Absolutely
One person is spying about the ticket Mohammed iZim Hosein owner of coal's food market in North Bay
But let's still got his cut as the vendor who sold the winning numbers the lottery paid him 10 grand
I gave some to a friend who works with me and sent some to my wife and bagel et al esh was on the only problem
He might not be so happy if he checks with her and finds out she had a 50 minute ticket too late bitch
I mean
It says if the ticket holder finally shows up
Then we'd have a five box of Kleenex party because he or she would be crying. Yeah Griffin said
How do you like that?
Who the hell is Griffin? Oh Sheila Griffin from the Florida lottery crying
If you seriously stop and think about that you'll look in the drawer. Oh, look at that. There was my lottery ticket
Oh
There it is. I've been looking for that damn thing and of course you don't write down the numbers
You just and you look at it and there's like 22 23 35
45 50 and 53 and then you reach in the other drawer
A lot to be involved in really your freaking brains out you'd have to you just have to kill yourself wouldn't you?
Absolutely rubber room at least now. What do you mean another winner sky?
You see here we come in like Georgia becoming very cynical about our great-cowars. Here's Palm Beach. Hello
Get a lie buddy get a lie
I win huh I win I picked it. What do you mean you win? He was good. I liked him. He was enjoyable
Uh, he was almost he sounded a little like the dice man on a bad day with like a sore throat
Here's the first poll for today which of these best describes why listen to the Nioh Roger show
Which of these best describes why you listen to the Nioh Roger show for humor
For liberal talking a few laughs. There's nothing else on I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off
Neil is the radio god
No, good. I'm a QAM listener or I love the crank callers which were two for two so much the first guy was good though
Yeah, that was the retire and that was the uh guy with the 85 horses. I'm starting to enjoy him actually
You know what when he's got something good like that? He was good today
So it goes to show you if you just keep plugging away sooner lady might have something like mo
You know
Someday he might say something good on here. Absolutely. Haven't had nothing good so far
It's only been like a year and a half. Can you say that? He's got such great hits in it in addition to way
He does have a lot of hits mostly once you don't want like to think at her piece like that one
He was out sick with like a chirpy and like little extra crotch rot yesterday
Come on mo booch up a little bit if you're gonna work on his station
You got to show up or be they like the rest of us by the way mad dogs off today
You know i'm saying oh right because we work whenever we feel like it because we got a marlin game pregame at 12.35
The red hot marlin's why believe are they 15 games over now scott 15 16
16 81 65
Oh my god
They are sure they are assured of not having a losing season
I don't want to doubt your word, but I want to look in the paper here
I'm not you know, I'm sure you're right
But 16 games over would be astonishing and still nobody shows up when I have the home games because there's nobody there and nobody cares
Anyway, they got the meds again this afternoon and we'll have that game for you like at 110 to start and game
12.35 the pregame so we get out of here early to which we say
Uh 80 and 65 it says here 80 and 65 my mistake
But you are yeah, I gotta say one thing for scott here so consistent
No, it would like to think with Mussolini and Romeo yesterday no matter what he says you know, it's wrong
That's why I picked up the paper as soon as you said it because I already saw it
They're 15 games over they have 17 games
165 17 left
So somebody who said earlier in the season marlins are gonna win 91 games and we all laugh and say what an idiot
What I'm more on that person may have been right they may have been absolutely correct sir shocking
So there you go. Let's uh
Got the first pull up there. We got another pull in the 11 o'clock hour for the rest of the show and I got eight million
The things here how we got to rush plus we got these tremendous calls like the one from Miami. Hello
I'm listening
So weak so weak
Have you noticed how we've got all these wannabes?
Yeah, this is the guy wants to be mo which I don't think you really want to be moister
Especially with a bad case of a chirpies you gotta say more enthusiastic. I'm listening see like that
More with that stentorian sound. I'm listening. Right. We like that a lot better nice going mo
You be the best man. That's a piece of crap. We ever had an ed building
Provinous in fact, I flushed better stuff down the bull this morning than the the mohauer David, you know
Absolutely trust me when I tell you lots of it
Provinous after 10 at 560 am I gonna have to do like the helium showed it? I'm gonna have to talk fast because we only have
Speed it up. Oh speed the tape up. Okay. That sounds good to me
Like I had a balloon. I could like suck the helium out
I don't could say practice makes perfect
If you're underpaid like poor scotton air who can't even get like a nickel or rub on clearness's ass
Overworked and underappreciated and you like to like change your life and get you a really fat big paycheck
How about getting a new career in a way to do that is with training from our good friends at fast train
Call them toll-free at 1-866 fast train fast train can have you trained and certified before years end
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. There's no end in sight
So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career and a big paycheck that goes with it
Fast train offers job placement assistance can be a day-ending weekend schedules
And there are six floater locations including four right there in South Florida
So there's bound to be a fast train close by you fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify to so pick up the phone
And call the good folks at fast train to answer all your questions no obligation
1-866 fast train. No excuse to stay at a dead end job working for some schmuck one more day
Check them out on the way to fast train.com call this number and change your life forever call 1-866 fast train
If there's a butt I smell it. I think I've heard these warning the following may not be suitable for children
Celebrities going well. It's the hot new video series that shows real celebrities getting in the real trouble
Celebrities gone wild your old time favorite stars are hitting all time lows see honey with madman times
I'm more get busy on honey with madman Heidi flying
It's a hit celebrity's gone wild also features clips from LA Laker superstar Kobe Bryant
Celebrity gone wild is jam packed with famous people who are famous for their infamous behavior
Next day on our us nicknothie Bobby Brown Michael Jackson Robert Downey junior and the list goes on plus Robert Blake gets
Tranched in ice cold water for us to first lazy wet prison jumpsuit contest
Where it takes time to
Order celebrities gone wild in the next 10 minutes and willing to this free Arnold Schwarzenegger video called
Celebrities gone crazy. I want to be covering the of California
Celebrities gone wild and celebrities gone crazy order now before all these stars are in jail
We have all the governors mansion 1018 is 560 WQM you know well Eric has been doing such a great job
Far for me to bust his balls and it's really not his fault. It's Georgia's fault
Because we entered this category. I didn't you didn't pass it long facts the revised uh thing did you sure?
Like I said, it's Eric's fault you idiot. I love the crank collars. We got to get that on there. I don't see you see it
No, no, it's not on her. Yeah, which I'm sure there must be a how many do you think you're gonna vote for that
Which of these best describes why you'll listen to the erudgers show for liberal talking
a few laughs 11
15 like I said it just changed again in midstream
Uh, Neil is the radio god 12 for humor 12. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off too
I'm a QM listener to enter nothing else on one
Out of the 44 so far, but I guarantee I love the crank collars get that on the right away Eric or else
I know what or else what but or else Edward Tellers died
Do we mention that twice or a hundred times? Hope he played a key role in the US defense and energy policies for more than a half a come to a century
Was dubbed the fatherly H bomb for his enthusiastic pursuit of the powerful weapon died yesterday
Is spokesman for the Lawrence Livermore laboratory. He was 95. That's plenty old enough 95 Jesus
Wouldn't all of us like to make it to 95. I'll take that
You know the only people who aren't crazy about only making it to 95 it was her like 94 and a half
Right, I suppose even my mom who's a little over 90 she'd like to make it to 95. She's still pretty strong mom
I just don't I don't think it's in the cards
Well, you know when you when you wind up being a bag lady at the age of 90
You keep it that way. I don't think this is a big future. Yeah, well, you know that condo. She's got that I own
Mm-hmm. Well, I think that value is increased rapidly in last few years. I'll question Hollywood's boom
This article is gonna just a stonight. Oh wait wait a minute
We want one call at a time today because we're under a lot of pressure
We got a lot of stuff again. We only got two and a half hours. We got the big Marlon Meds game any interest? No
See this is just what's the problem with that town?
Oh, there's the whining about the damn dolphin lost to a girl's team well
Then don't be crying over spilt milk. Okay, they're gonna lose to the jets on Sundays
Then what are they gonna do? Can you imagine if they were started oh and two oh my god
There'd be people blowing their brains out forget about the lottery ticket guy
We got a shot
Yeah, they got a shot
Here's my any on six all calls are on six today, which is an omen. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Is this a real call?
This is a real call. I can't believe it
And you know, we I tell you something the Q&A program is the Q&A programming department. I think it's gonna is upgraded at the town level
Um, regarding sports radio programming Q&A but only technically when it comes to the play by play stuff. Yeah
What is going on? I mean we've got the hurricanes and the dolphins are signature
um sports on the station right and they have mohauer david
Who is that one and embarrassment and all the how many times you're gonna tell us
That every player is a former giant a former charger a former patriot don't care
Yeah, well, well in most cases a former human being
The gaki. I mean he crushed it. He crushed it. He crushed it. We every plane is a terrible sucks. Okay. Okay. Yeah
I mean just I don't know what you're point that our play by play uh people are a little bit lacking now you've left out
I noticed jugs McDonald from the panther game and a panther signed a old-liled old line big deal and you know the panther off the jone
Like what is it? The panthers are off the map nobody cares about them. You can go to the park. You're absolutely right
That's right. If nobody cares about the marlins you can imagine how many people really care about the panthers
That's stretching it
Have a great yes
He crushed it he crushed it he crushed it
But there's one thing he left out oh my oh my oh my oh my he left that out
From the hyperventilating hysterical Joe Zagaki
Bushlegan embarrassing good guy though, but really bush league in his performance and fits in perfectly with the um
Just like a glove no wonder they want him to know other broadcast
I mean why would they want to have like a bushly guy like Bill's inford doing you know guys like a real professional
They don't want that they want the screaming amateur hour Joe Zagaki, but nevertheless. That's you and like I said it fits in perfect
This story that I was about to do before we took that very important call
Saudi police say Barbie dolls a threat to morality
Okay, ready. I can see that Saudi Arabia's religious police have declared Barbie dolls a threat to morality
Complaining that the revealing clothes of the Jewish toy. Which is what they call it already banned the kingdom our offensive to Islam
Oh, yeah, didn't you know Barbie was Jewish
You know everybody on the Jewish because if you get a kind doll he circumscuses back right then he's got that ring around his
collar
The committee for the propagation of virtue and prevention of vice. Oh, I like that
What's that what's the acronym for that crap?
The committee for the propagation of virtue and prevention of vice as the religious police are officially known
lists the dolls on a section of its website devoted to items deemed offensive to the conservative
Saudi interpretation of Islam
Jewish Barbie dolls with a revealing clothes and shameful postures
Accessories and tools. Oh, there's nothing worse than a shameful tool right our symbol of decadence to the perverted west
Let us be aware of her dangers and be careful so to post her on the site Barbies a threat
The poster plastered with pictures of Barbie in short dresses and tight pants all right with a few of her accessories reads a strange
Request a little girl asks her mother mother. I want jeans the low-cut shirt and a swimsuit like Barbie
Such posters are distributed to schools at hung in streets by the religious police or moot. What is it?
Mutawa? Mutawa whatever the hell they okay goyem and dependent body affiliated with the office of the prime minister
Vice police officials weren't available for comment
Sheek Abdullah al-Merdas a preacher in a re-admask said the Mutawa take their anti-barbi campaign to the shops confiscating dolls from sellers and imposing a fine
How do you like that? Oh, we're fine right although illegal barbies the creation of California based motel are found on the black market
Where a contraband doll could cost a hundred reels which is 27 bucks US or more
It's no problem that little girls play with dolls
But these dolls are not of the developed body of a woman and where we're feeding clothes al-Merdas said these revealing clothes will be
Imprited in their minds and they'll refuse to wear the clothing we're used to as Muslims the sheikh said as in shakia booty
Isn't that incredible? We're not talking about people in the stone age are we? No, oh thank goodness for that
So Jewish Barbie doll oh brother. Yeah, these Shmata heads man just enough to make you want to puke your guts up
We're gonna we got a couple of calls in them
We're just in the unders person a couple here and there because we got a like I said a pressure pack show today two and a half hours
Which sounds good for every day then it oh yeah, can you imagine don't tease because all the other fakers on this station
They get by with two hours three hours and we got a four-hour thing we got to do for this kind of money
88 votes on a pool so far this is our first pool so you better get with it
Okay, you better hop on it because 11 o'clock this is gonna disappear 89 votes
Which of these best describes why you listen to the Elijah show for liberal talking a few laughs 36
Neil is the radio god 26 for humor 16
There's nothing else on four. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off three. I'm a Q. I'm listening to three. I love the crank collars
Want to go one?
I thought that was the main reason they listen is because they want to hear chambah and
Maricone and those guys. Yeah
Not to mention retire and let's see other ones and the whispering guy which is all it's all the same people
People feelberg's line, but we can't oh yeah
Here's Miami when is this?
Okay, amigo
Yeah, I was wondering um did you know a couple weeks ago when you went away?
In a way you know that's going mark where in your studio
Doing what?
Delta is there they're tied at a handsome there other studios today when I was here studio at night and
And farther than your chair. Yeah
Does that and can I ask you a question? Sure when you're gonna grow up
They farted in my chair
Oh
Jesus got all money aren't you impressed wow that could be the worst call ever that could be the worst call of all time now
The reason well like I said it's in a run today
Worst call so far today sure in with that Edwin Teller guy that guy that guy was great what a nerd
Edward Teller's daddy was 95 and that old enough
You bet Jesus give it a rest Ed
He said life was a real
Bomb 26 past and least got Joe new and I he just turned 100
Panthers got Lyle Odelein he just turned 107
And Todd Gale he's 110 goes to show you never too old to play in the NHL
Hey, how low can they go you might be wondering right now is that what you were wondering? Oh all the time
There you go
The limbo rock onto the lowest speed finance rate you ever be here enough just 1.95 percent
We all have doing the limbo rock doing uh-huh you betcha
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get you a super low
95 percent finance rate with a financial group so call them today when in doubt check it out call 1-800-90-40-Lind
That's 1-800-90-40-L-E-N-D if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
You really ought to be doing this now call financial group
1-800-90-40-Lind and talk about savings listen to these payment amounts if you have a hundred thousand dollar on your payments
Our only a 368 bucks a month even Scott could afford that if he ever starts getting paid a
200-thousand dollar loan is only 736 bucks a month so call financial group toll-free
1-800-90-40-Lind to get that low amazing rate that you keep hearing about on these shows 1.95 percent all time lows
Get that 1.95 percent from our friends at financial group
1-800-90-40-L-E-N-D the Renequal Housing Lender be sure mention Todd Dreck when you call credit restrictions apply
Rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR
I'm a local
This is my city
The radio's on yours
Q-A-M
F*** yourself
Will I hate what to do with on Q-A-M?
Put that bag in back on again
I want what they had before these are my kind of guys
When the hell they do it anyway
If the man we sounded died was really gay
I want more at Christmas
Because the voices feel high
When I listen to the sports
A manly voice won't get my attention
I will really get me sent to the shorts
A squeaky high voice will give me an erection
I'll hate what to do with on Q-A-M
Put that bag in back on again
I'm going to miss here at straight men when voices this high
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again
So I can impress all the macho friends
The check out Chris Moore at night to help the fans inside
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys as voices has some fractions
They were 12 years old
Yeah, I can't neglect that
Yes, stand up real close to the radio and press the sound
Get their voices out of there
Really makes my balls take over here
And that crow man
Well, he's smarter than my infrared brother
Yep
1032 and 560 WQM
We sure aren't getting much uh
Uh, uh, uh, slap over
You know what I'm talking about? In other words, when we came to Q-A-M
Five and a half years ago, almost six now I guess
Uh, it's like we brought our own audience
Right? You know what I'm talking about?
I don't
140 votes on here and uh, I'm a Q-A-M list
There's only three in other words, when they vote for it,
That means they listen to the station and the fact that they listen to Q-A-M
And we're on here is why they're listening to this show
Well, I need to good, I mean, what is that?
2.1%? That's pretty lame
56 people say they're listening mainly for liberal talking a few laughs
Neil is the radio god 41, of course that's the operative answer
For humor 28, there's nothing else on five, that's a good point
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off for
I'm a Q-A-M list, there are only three and I love the crank colors only three out of the first 140 votes
Big facts just in here
What does that say? Oh no, who is that? I can't even pronounce the name Larry Hovis
Okay
Is that a, do you know who that is? Sergeant Carter?
But is that his name? Larry Hovis
Yeah, Larry Hovis, that sounds right
Actor and comedian best known for his role as Sergeant Carter on the long-running TV show Hogan's Heroes
He was also regular on Gomer Pyle
Uh, USMC
Well, guess what? He died
And also Ronan Martin's laughin who guessed that on numerous games shows during the 70s including match game and the Liars Club
died September 9th yesterday of cancer in San Marcos, Texas at age 67
Did you die?
Larry Hovis, I have no idea who that is
I didn't watch Hogan's Heroes
Oh, it was great
No, it was not great
You thought you never watched it?
Well, maybe that's why I don't know it was great
It was funny
Didn't watch Gomer Pyle USMC, didn't watch that, that was just silly
I did watch Ronan Martin's laugh and I don't remember no Larry Hovis though
I watched match game, religiously, I love match game, it's still on the Gendro channel all the time
Never seen Larry Hovis, this kind of a liar
The Liars Club, who was on the Liars Club was that Mike Stokey who was also on Panamide Quiz?
I don't know, I don't know
Somebody will let us know
So Parker Bryan or one of those old guys will let us know
Anyway, Larry Hovis, who?
I could say but then I'd be lying
Stars from Hogan's Heroes, it says in its facts, they're dropping like flies
Well, goddamn man, he's just a hell of a lot of that death going on, you know what?
What are all these calls on here? I got just too much stuff
We only got till 1230 and then you know me
1230
I'd like to get a few of these idiots on, here's Poppano, hello
Hi, Dale
Yes sir, how are you sir?
I'm doing great
Good, the first time I've ever called, I usually don't have time to call you, I work for a living
Right
And one thing you really are, you're a very funny guy in fact
I'm a too bright, I don't even understand how you can attract an audience with you both you and Georgia, extremely intelligent, bright
Yeah, I don't know how you get an audience down here
I wanted to discuss a little bit about this religious fanaticism and how the interest is to the world
Take all the time you like
Yeah, I don't know if you're a fan of Bill Mars
No, I think Bill Mars is an asshole but anyway
But basically he said that the religious fanaticism is dangerous
So the Islamic fanaticism is very dangerous because we feel like they can just blow themselves up and take everyone else with them
The Christian fundamentalists are at least amusing, at least they're not there
They're amusing? Well ask the abortion doctors who got shot and killed while they're amusing or not
Take everyone with them
Yeah, I'm not a sh**
Ask all the people who died in the crusades and in the Spanish Inquisition if it was amusing, have a nice day sir, don't call me again
What is this guy? Do I need to Bill Mars fan?
Bill Mars is such an asshole
No, I don't want this guy to take it personally because he likes us but his call is horrible
So keep listening, we hope you'll listen but your call was protested and unacceptable
And it's just unconscionable that you would say Shazkrab about the fundamentalist Christians are amusing
Not only are they not amusing, they're annoying, they're obnoxious, they're dangerous, they're crazy people
And this is what the problem is is that America takes it all too lightly
We're talking about religious extremists, see this is the reason that the mainstream media because they're so afraid to lose sponsors and offend anybody
That's why this whole thing with 9-11, there's very little discussion about religious extremism except the course with Muslim extremists
Yeah, they're the only bad ones
Right, they're the only bad ones and you recall that people like Billy Graham, Sun, Franklin Graham and all these others in the beginning
We're making these grotesque as usual comments about Islam
And oh well that's really a violent religion and all that stuff, you know
As opposed to Christianity and the other ones
And Judaism which the Jewish God was telling them to like smite all of their enemies, make sure they don't miss any, you know
Religion is sick, it's not a debatable point
I mean, you people that are brainwashed and can't mentally emancipate your brains from all the religious indoctrination and bull crap
Hey, I understand, it's not easy
From the moment that you're old enough to understand even before you really comprehend they start hockin and bangin' it in there and bangin' it in there
That's what the altar bar said, they keep bangin' it in there
Correct them, that's right
Don't get soar about it
But it's just, oh Christian, now what is this?
This is a vision of the cap of what is Bob Eisenberg, this guy is on top of stuff, man since we got him that new piece from Czech Alphairi
You almost think he has some clue what he's doing
Hey, by the way Bob, you're an asshole too
Remember those days? Sure, down on the second floor of Bob Eisenberg running around telling people I was an F&A school
He got his record, he got to know you though
Yeah, he got to know me, he got to know me as a real asshole
I'm an asshole Bob and I'm proud of it, how do you like that? Then Bob and me
Doesn't bother me, I'm an asshole with a big fat paycheck twice a month
Including today, Clarence I hope, it better be there, it better be showing up sweetheart
Clarence, who's a real big all of a sudden trying to hold people's money back like poor Scott Jr. there
Yeah, the audience has heard this, they know the game, what is this pop it'll be to allegedly
See, this time, you didn't put it on there
See Scott, don't pay attention what George tells it because George is a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad person who gets too emotional
He starts writing down a bunch of numbers, he gets all wild, you know
He just got to calm down, he's got a few more doggy downers before the show would be good
But when you put on there like question mark and the ass sure stuff like that and then you keep putting it on
Are you notice how those people disappear?
Yes
You want to know why they disappear?
Tell me, because I hang up on them
I thought so
I see
Here's Pomfano Beach allegedly, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, is this a real call?
It's a real call
I see
Yes
Well, I wanted to make a comment about GW first and say that
Yes
I was pretty upset when the whole election thing went down
Can barely hear this call for some strange reasons Scott, yes go ahead
Anyways, I was upset about the election but I had no idea what we were in store for
And just really pisses me off when I think about all that
But as far as your poll today goes, I have a suggestion for you
Okay
And why don't you add poll building shows to the reason why people like to listen?
The reason why people listen?
Yeah
Because they like to poll building shows
Well, I think the choice could be I like Neil's poll like Hank says
There you go
I think it's become a central part of the show
It has
Give a chance for us to say whether we like it or not
Right
Okay, well let's stick it right on there
Thanks, Neil
Thanks a lot, Pally, have a great day
It wasn't a good call on line 9 Scott, you keep hanging up on those people on line 9
I like Neil's poll
Yeah
Huh?
I hope he's you
I know
Don't say hey listen Mr.
You're supposed to be if this is like a Mickey and Isaac conversation you know what I'm talking about?
Well, George has to make it pictures you don't
Just remember me the puppeteer you the lemon
Oh, I know
Yeah, I'll get Mickey on your answer
Okay, now what's the I'm the puppet master beta so what are we putting on here now?
I like Neil's poll
That's cute, you know, that's good, but if he goes LL or he can spell the however
I'm okay if people are too stupid to understand it then we can't be bothered
That was a good call
I suggest you answer that was a good guy see
I'm like the guy before him that would mend well that you know
Evidently thinks he's intelligent, but he's telling me to Christian it a fundamentalist Christianity now
Maybe I didn't let him finish do you think so no he was no he was serious. Yeah, I waited a second to see if like he was going to there was some
Some gag or some pun or something
So sarcastic don't want to want me to believe that crap about fundamentalist Christians are humorous. They're not humorous
They're pathetic. They're dangerous. They're crazy people who's responsible for this war right now
Are you not can W again? Yes good
192 votes which of these best describes why you listen to the Neil Rogers show for liberal talking a few laughs 73
Neil is the radio god
No, god 57
Cinque c'est yet de
For humor 41 there's nothing else on seven
I love the crank callers six
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off four and I'm a QM listener
Four as in what you be listening four and we're adding on there. I like Neil's poll
For a while for many years for a few minutes for a few seconds until I can't stand it no mo
1041 at 560 W2QM VIP sportsbook.com is the best in town and man
We got a zillion sports books advertising on his station now
But there's only one at you to be doing business with because of the best
You know 99% of the other sports books are just there are bunch of bookies in the jungles of Costa Rica hanging out somewhere
You'll be lucky if you ever see him again
So this year move up and clash to VIP sportsbook.com. It's the oldest and the largest sports book in the most prestigious
Netherlands, Holland, Amsterdam
100% legal in license two like just about everything there was legal in license or not
Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com now
1-866 VIP bets because they're the best in South Florida available anywhere
Sign up right now and you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams juice free all year long
You want to bet on the dolphins? Good luck to you. It's 100 to 100
You want to bet on the Huracans? It's 100 to 100 so forget about the VIG
All side you notice how these gambling these professional degenerate gamblers they have their own lingo, you know
Forget about the big VIG. All side of skin at 20% cash bonus not some funny money a match play bonus that you get out of the jungle
VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find them online or column tool free at 1-866 VIP bets
Be sure you told them you heard about it here on most prestigious sports obsessive QIM
866 VIP bets for VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP
We're sports radio 5cc
QAM
It's me fired up when I hear someone say that
I
The race
If I want
All the cash
I think I heard
Why is there a new price?
46 thank you Mr President for those low gas prices. I can't get that punk out of my mind I call that day you know about the glorious
Free freeing of the Iraqi people and the lowering of the gas prices at
What asshole man what a bush liquor
Suicide bomber kills three people in Iraq as the carnage goes on other American soldier died this morning trying to get the little more information about that
But it's just becoming so routine like murders in Miami that they don't even report much on it anymore you know what I'm saying that's old unless you catch the
Bourbon there real quick you don't even know another US soldier dead but this is a separate story a suicide bomber exploded in SUV
Outside the US intelligence headquarters killing three other Iraqis and wounding dozens including four Americans a Kurdish security
Officials said today the US military and Baghdad had said six Americans were wounded later said four intelligence officers were hurt along with the
Kurdish Peshmerga guard at the building you know those Peshmerga's who the Kurdish the Kurdish official who spoke on condition you know
I was taking yesterday again. I could go off on a long rant. We don't have time today
But how is it possible that the public is so God them stupid like the thing with a Taliban all of those years went on nobody
gave a flying thing about the Taliban about the women with the burkas about they couldn't listen to the music how repressive they were and about the
Spartan existence that these people were forced to live on nobody cared until after 9-11
Then all of a sudden we started seeing eight billions to every day there were like a whole other whole bunch of stories
About the Taliban and the repression that the foisted on the poor Afghan people did how many people in America really
Give a flying crap about Afghanistan don't tell me about 30 or we wouldn't like five right hey even the Afghan
Hounds didn't care about it the brownie hounds didn't care about God in Afghanistan it couldn't fight it on a map with both hands
Nope and then all of a sudden here comes the America I'm going to tell you right now the American media are the enablers
There were the ones who enabled Kenny star and all the right-wing Republicans do all that penis gate with Bill Clinton
There were the ones who made the whole big son of dance and made it possible for us to get as far as all that impeachment crap and waste millions of dollars of your tax money
And are the same ones who are letting this asshole off the hook who just raised another three million bucks down here in Florida over the last couple days
Just great shame on you as Michael Moore would say but in this case I'm talking about the freaking American media
It's a pretty sad commentary when it takes Tammy Fade into the truth
The media is sick and they've got badly
Amiga sick and we need help badly that's the problem
Anyway the answer all Islam organization with suspected ties to al-Qaeda was formerly based near some place that I can't pronounce about 30 miles east of Urbila near the Iranian border
Answer headquarters was bombed by US jets during the war surviving members of the group were thought to have fled to Iran
They're now believed to have returned to Iraq which is now becoming a hotbed of terrorist activity
Which it wasn't before we started the Iraq attack the operation Iraqi freedom right?
How do you like them apples huh? I'm saying that again don't let me say that anymore don't say I'll hit you know my I get a we all do that we get on for some of the right sticks in your mind if san
It don't let me do that no more okay
Because some things I mean after well gets to be irritating even though it might be true like I think I have herpes like most in at this morning
I think I have herpes cut it out mo that would be irritating that would be I think I have herpes especially herpes on a scalp under his I think he just I think he had a scalp glued on too tight
That's why he was out yesterday so he's got herpes under his earpea to peel it off how is that pull coming this is our first pull we got the important one this is just you know just for clarification
I think it's kind of interesting don't you once in a while no you know you don't like this pull of course I like this pull well no one you get me crap
Now you sound like Scott there is you trained him bad you trained him so badly hey Scott paying no attention to George
Venerable was paying attention to George look what happened to him so he wasn't
226 votes so far which of these best describes why you listen to me or I just show for liberal talking a few laughs 84 I think I think that covers it right sure
the other four god 65 for a humor 48 there's nothing else on 10 for people who don't like Dr. Laura and Russian all the other crap that's on when we're on but that's a good excuse that's why I put it there I love the crank callers 9 I'm a QM list of 6 pretty weak
Duff and clearance pretty weak you should be bringing us more to the table than that if we had all right we were on like a talk station I'm not talking sports talk
We are like I would be used to be when it was great for about five minutes if we wanted that then we'd be siphoning a tremendous number of listeners from the other shows on a station
And we could get instead like a 10 or 11 share and then we could get 30 men right but we're stuck with whatever we got I hate
Neil but I can't turn it off for and I like Neil's pole which Eric being very cute spelled P O L E crossed the output P O L cute Eric he's getting almost too good you know it's scary he's great he the Eric is great so we take it see this goes to show you as long as you're still breathing it's never too late to be rehabilitated absolutely
No, not you Moe you're there's no hope for you it's too late Carol King wrote that song it's too late now number the name of the song it's too late yeah it wasn't any of the song you know like
Carol King she couldn't sing right of a paper sack what did she write she wrote some good songs though Carol King like a hundred did she well about there she wrote a lot of music
Carol King she couldn't sing for a Schmidt can't like Bob Dylan Bob Dylan wrote great music though and couldn't sing at all we not a note just a no in and whiny
FCC says Howard Stern's Ranchie Radio Show is a news program like that nice going how he
When you think about news shows what comes to mind it says there's meetings on CNN's a website there's meet the press and face the nation of course if you do a good job on meet the press
Oh yeah rule the world that was another memorable call like that asshole
Oh, you know something this this you just facts me that was that oh this is gotta be on a pool
Oh, we'll have to leave this up there till like 11 30 or something do you want to know why I know why
Hi, this is sunny Fox I listen to your Rogers could I can hear the word asshole right because I like to hear the word asshole that Eric I hate to force you to pull one more on here it's my bad
Because here's the facts from Ralphie uses I listen to your show because I like to hear the word asshole so that's that's the other choice
Center because I like to hear the word asshole speaking of which I saw guy wearing a t-shirt that said my mother told me I could be anything I wanted to be I decided to be an
asshole to which we say oh yeah what's wrong with that what's wrong with being an asshole
Huh anyway getting back to this story about Howard sperm the federal communications commission ruled yesterday that Howard's
Ronshey radio program is a bona fide news interview program the decision was in response to request made by the New
York based infinity broadcasting ink which wanted a ruling that it's widely syndicated
Stern show as a news program an example of equal time requirements for political candidates the decision will allow
Stern to put actor Arnold Schwarzenegger on the air without having to offer equal time to the scores of other candidates running for government
California citing an 84 decision that qualified the Donahue talk show for news exemption and of course don't you always think generally a
Fill Donahue and Howard Stern like in the same vein oh
Difference being that Howard is still on the year the FCC said there should be room for less conventional
Interview formats to increase coverage of the political process since the Donahue decision other news interview programs
Or segments there are with unique and innovative format elements such as the Sally Jesse Raphael showed Jerry Springer
And politically incorrect with the anxious idiotic Bill Mar have qualified for the news interview you know Bill Mar is just a
Puts you know I wouldn't even say he's an asshole he's a Puts he's just very he's ineffectual he's like a poor man's dick
Cavitt right I can't stand it he's just a wimpy little nerdy guy and the bitch stupid that stupid book about if you ride
A loan you're riding with Osama I mean what a stupid bunch of crap you know and then Ariana Huffington who lately has been writing some good stuff but you know
What what what what what was the one that she wrote her and she said the same thing something like that right some of you drive it
As you be you're a terrorist something like that some similar kind of crack can't stand Bill Mar
See pull it then hold politically incorrect thing to people well, you know he's he's anti-established man big deal who cares so
So for often the so's Ralph Nader what what he do for us look what he helped us get look what he
Look all you people have voted for Nader in 2000 shame on you man shame on you including Michael Moore as much as I love Michael Moore he voted for Nader
And speaking of Donahue he not only voted for Nader he was banging the drums he was the cheerleader
It is pom-poms out remember that I do I mean you know I'm not saying a Ralph Nader doesn't have some very good points
But the point is that what's the sense of throwing your vote away so and it isn't that what I was screaming back then I was screaming look what we got now
You want to look what we got you warned everybody I warned you vote for Nader and throw your vote away
It'll be close enough they can like weasel this thing in there and they weasel their way and man there's nothing worse than a God damn weasel
That's what they did sneak this bunch of goi men here again the Bush your masters see this is supposed to be a democracy
Not a goddamn monarchy and between the Kennedys and the Rockefellers and the Bushes you see what it's all about
Handful of very very dubious suspicious wealthy families who acquired their wealth most of them through a by hook and mostly by crook
Just like Joe Kennedy with his goddamn bootleg
By the way how's Brian greasy's toe doing every time I hear that I think I said Brian greasy I don't know why I don't know
Maybe he's got a maybe spent a lot of time in Amsterdam he belches a lot I have told you by the way that in Amsterdam it's considered to be in
It's not considered in to be rude or in bad taste to belts in public in fact it's like yeah it's just part of the ambiance
Did you know that no I do know well now you know that
This thing about and there were about 400 people showed up at that protest yesterday look at to that like I said we got a lot of stuff a lot of fish to fry
And so little time so little time plus we got these great calls their whole bunch of money which we might get to or not as the case maybe I'll get to you just relax okay you got nothing else going on there
Did we add the other a category on air because they want to hear the word asshole we got that under yet yes one vote already for that that's my bad we should add on there right from the beginning probably sending Fox voted
1056 at 560 WQM announcing a brand new a spectacular 2003 Euranger's blowout sale going on right now at Halibut AX EMC get the lowest prices in the universe for my good post personal friends Tom Laman and Joe Prieto
Neil deal number one you can save you up to $7,000 with a highest rebates of the year plus deep discounts I mean really deep
Neil deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years listen to this Lisa 2003 grand pre GT 2 for only 279 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and two grand out of pocket is all you put down
Halibut also got great deals on you cons and analogies too Tom and Joe invite you to chest drive any vehicle on the lot and receive two tickets to this Saturday's Hurricanes game against East Carolina and other girls school
Hurricanes though because applies a limited and of course how it's also got a great selection certified pre on cars trucks SUVs you know what I'm going to say next because we always tell you because a lot of people are nervous about shopping for a car because they have the marginal credit or maybe their income is kind of limited like George
but if you have credit problems it's not a problem at how it because the whole idea that being in business is they want to sell you a vehicle if the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halibut AX EMC with 134 1 South Dixie highway if you haven't been here I have no idea why because they've been there forever on US 1 right across from the falls open area
every day seven days a week if you want more info call the Neil Deal hotline toll free at 1.88.534.4211 and a wide day listen to the show because they're obsessed that's 1.88.534.4211 don't forget all Neil deals subject to credit or pool see the folks at Halibut details Halibut Pony at GMCR professional grade
yes you're an a ss a show Ellie are you and don't you try to play this on me you deserve all the credit you're an asshole tonight
you're an asshole tonight I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life
just the other night I told her I bought you an asshole you said yes I think you're right
and all your friends are asshole because you know that you're whole life and somebody told me you've got an asshole for a wife
for a more than an asshole or did you work in your whole life either way it worked out fine because you're an ass
I want to give you a kiss hold it now I've lost it maybe you got that magic touch
love it oh 4 5 60 WQ I think sometimes I'm just going to stop it and just sit here you know okay for like about a half an hour and just with a suspense will build and build you'll be able to smell it from coast to coast this is a great fact you just said me I love this fact it is a great fact it says I heard you mentioned the other day that Rocky and Bullwinkle was a great show the first season has been released on DVD two complete stories
jet fuel formula and box top robbery along with fractured furi tales narrated by miss Edward Everton and Mr. Peabody it's a brilliant hilarious show way ahead of its time and you are absolutely correct
the facts who's on the sale listen your show for humor and read the website for news so-called liberal conservative talk is contrived and boring and then here comes the good part and again it's not a knock on the goddess but he's he's right
someone like Randy has her heart in the right place but she's just spinning her wheels especially in this town she had organized buses yesterday to take protest just the only thing you'll be in this we're saying was Randy the bus doesn't have air conditioning he's going to give herself a coronary embolism for nothing sir you again you are absolutely correct
you have a great fact is in the history of broadcasting Randy like the guy says your hearts in the right place and you know you're spinning you your field can we spin the
wheel now speaking of Miss Fudge remember the guy to call yesterday was all been out of shape about whoopie Goldberg and I said hey if you don't like whoopie Goldberg don't watch the show I sure didn't but guess what what
whoopie upset it was rated the top show the night high fives in studio city Miss Fudge says this morning as NBC is whoopie pulled the biggest audience in prime time last night
with a 12.5 rating in a 20 share despite cat calls from the critics the sitcom had more than double the viewership of its nearest competitor it scored nearly three times the audience of anybody else in New York city in the 8 p.m. time slot with a 14 rating in a 22 share in WNBC nearly one
out of four homes in New York with TV's to an arm or two into Goldberg whoopie was at Hank Goldberg stupid whoopie scored a 20 share in LA 19 Chicago 20 in
the 20 in the world of 26 share in Vegas how do you like that says Miss Fudge what does that tell you there's something really really sick and wrong with
America people are watching whoopie Goldberg I'm I'm sure I can't I get physically you know I'm just she's nauseating yeah plus I have an
a version to the whole roster locks thing anyway I mean Goldie locks I don't mind but the roster locks I just I can't look at it so I
somebody would like real cartoon red here like carrot like her atop that kind of I can't handle it that doesn't make them a bad person
necessarily although they usually are president Bush collects three million dollars at Florida fundraisers oh this this makes me want to
puke yes today was a three million dollar day for L president day is his reelection campaign into fundraising jackpot by a
crackpot in Jacksonville and Fort Lauderdale the twin Florida fundraisers brought in half a million dollars more than the
Bush team had expected to pick up the events propeller president's reelection campaign coffers past the 62.4 million dollar mark the center
piece of his four list article by the way the Sunceler written by the anxious and highly homophobic and disgusting looking
buddy Nevin speaking of assholes the center piece of his four Lauderdale visited less than four hours was at a crowded
reception at the high at pier 66 resort on the 17th Street Causeway for two grand of person about 500 contributors got cocktails or
doors and the president's 25 minute speech across the street about 400 demonstrators chanted slogan some of them obscene
body points out against the president and the war in Iraq and one of the few large South Florida protest rally since the start of the war
there were some of the things they were yelling were Randy there's no air conditioning on this freaking bus where's the early bird
bush outline is achievements to largely republican audience in a well secured ballroom he was repeatedly interrupted by a
plosening talked about the war on terrorism the president was introduced by his brother the extraordinarily anxious governor Jeb Bush who
told the crowd imagine what the world would look like if my brother wasn't elected in 2000 you know that really you know something yeah what
what we're talking about football I want to read that line I might just read it over and over again till a ballgame
starts imagine what the world would look like if my brother wasn't elected in 2000 which course first of all he
wasn't elected that's number one but number two and you know what this is see my psychic powers again I was talking before
about the art car funk song what a wonderful world this would be yeah sandcook song they stole imagine what a wonderful
world this could be without L president a without this one if they wouldn't have been able to steal the election
with their friends and they super pretty jet the supreme's on it peace
but all no that's my bush allergies act enough again man I'm real allergic to bush
okay let's wrap up this first puller and get the important one on here as we try to solve the problems of the
world here to 190 votes I want to get to 300 what are you saying okay 300 an hour is pretty heavy duty don't you
think no question anyway we got 290 right now which in these best describes why you listen to the
award you show I want read it till we get to 300 imagine what the world would look like now if my
brother wasn't elected in 2000 that jab what a sense of humor huh what a real comedian
yeah push yeah now he did it to us he had groups sex with the entire state of Florida
job and then of course he says well I've got devious plans for that for that the
constitutional at the school size amendment that'll then the public passes it and he
starts unleashing his devious plans and tries to like twerk the world of the public like you guys didn't really
mean this did you I mean he comes right out he gets caught on tape saying a screwed a public
okay I've got some devious plans for that and the public says hey we like that let's put you back in the
way again I'm starting to wonder if maybe Janet might have done a little bit better
than bills bills make bride you think no how is that possible how can the electorate in Florida be so
guided and stupid are they a bunch of mug ones I forgot man that's that's astonishing to me it's amazing
here's the good news though right on the heels of that about him raising the three million box he
hasn't got a child in chance if you like somewhere tomorrow against any Democrat I'm
going to who that was they could bring back George McGovern again they could dust off water Mondale
who lost him in a soda even and he still would be bush with a sweeping six to one vote
the Santa Cruz California City Council became the first local government in the
country yesterday to ask Congress to look into a peaching president bush yeah it's
time for us to open up this can of worms of councilman Tim Fitz Morris no relation to
Morris Gibb late in grade was butchered in a month sion i city leaders say bush violated
international treaties by going to war in a rack and that the president manipulated public
fierce to justify the war and undercut constitutional rights and he is the resolution
authorizes Santa Cruz Mayor Emily Riley dissent letter to the House Judiciary Committee chairman James
Sensenbrenner asking if Bush is committed any impeachable offenses that could lead to his ouster
or let's only hope the council vote came in pack chambers where supporters of the
resolution lined the walls some carried signs that read honor the constitution impeachment now
and god bless and keep bush out of power
what do you like that i like it a lot
and the settlement of those signs was echoed by members of the council the vote again was six to one
i happen to think what's going on is a high crime in mr. Meanor but let's
leave that to the u.s congress to decide said councilman in u.s. and u.c. Santa Cruz professor Mike Rocken
Tom Mullin a retired dentist was one of three people at the meeting who spoke out against the
resolution it's not an issue that the city council should be involved in this just
serves to divide the community he be saying such divisive political stands aren't
unusual in the coastal town a year ago Santa Cruz became the first of what was
well to 165 city councils to oppose the war against Iraq Santa Cruz was also one of
more than a hundred cities declaring its opposition to the patriarch so did
Broward County but the local papers didn't want you to know about unless you
ruptured two minutes still midnight you assholes at the sun center you scumbags you
lowlights you degenerates and in april the city and county of Santa Cruz sued the DEA
in attorney general john ascroft marking the first time a public entity is sued the federal
government on behalf of patients who need medical marriage a weeny so we love Santa Cruz
California you betcha some people with some real balls okay not a bunch of pansies who just
rule over and play dead every time the god damn government goostefs in their backyard
we love Santa Cruz right we almost as much as we love Freddie Cruz and the quiet storm
from its past eleven at five sixty wq mulligan worked up again hey that's not good
yeah it is it is well it's a short show anyway that's right it's a short show it's a short
life we got those bits in 15 minutes and of course a short shelf life we know what
you're bad but you're serious right yes when's the moment we're dispensing with that
what a two comedy bits thing oh wow it's part of our life now i'm not gonna do that
that would be so you wouldn't do it you would do it that's one then good reason it's your
time's up with that summer crap hey if you're underpaid like poor george and uh scott there who's
like not just underpaid he's just not paid he's just a peon if you've had a people peeing on you
here's the deal get you a new career and then you might start making some real cash call our
friends at fast train right now and find out how you can do it before the end of the year in fact
you can be trained and certified in a great new money making career in the computer field
call 1 866 fast train the demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow thank goodness
so there's no better time than the present to obtain a new high paying career and a big fat paycheck
and like change your life for the better fast train offers job placement assistance
convenient evening weekend schedules and with six floor locations including four in south Florida
there is bound to be i'd bet scott's life on it a fast train nearby you fast train offers financial
assistance to guys who qualify as well so called fast train today have no more excuses to stay
in a dead end job because here's a chance to really alter your life check them on the web at fast
train.com and then call them tool free 1 866 fast train
fly and local your sports radio 560 su a
q a m
here's supposed to mark that i am afraid those little green men are going to win made from Mars
look up at Mars it's getting so bright you should have a blackout and still have plenty of light from Mars
better watch out for Mars your leaders coming to earth go in in california and he comes up in her from Mars
how
looking at Mars i see someone so clear holy cow is the time
he's hiding up there on Mars
11 18 at 560 w2 in the Marlon game coming up Marlon's on deck at 1235 to marlon's at the
mets at 110 of the big game they're all big from here on in only 17 games left in the
irregular season their time for the wild card with a philis dead flat tie you got the hump
or act at a marlon game 4 to 7 or whenever the game ends the whole boy Hank could have a tough
assignment today maybe also a whole three hours Ricky William show 7 to 8 any interest in that
now not after that game the big oh from 8 to 10 Orlando Alza query 80k 10 to 2
June mark overnight June mark who said in my chair evidently that was one of the most juvenile
calls that asshole that punk they called before but again that's the kind of people that they
attract unfortunately you're how many of them they got
but third man what meal yes meal John Mark started in the chair yeah like a child
uh anyway here's the final result on her first pool today other than George W. Boish who is the
most dangerous man in the world today oh that was great see that's the second pool but Eric when
you like makes the shift on there yeah he changes the heady the header on here if I can say that
before he changes the uh that's that's great and I got sucked into it I got sucked into it
the first pool is well which of these best describes why you listen to the enlarger show for
liberal talking if you last 116 deal is the radio god oh god 86 of course for humor 61 I love the
crank haulers 13 there's nothing else on 11 I'm a QM listeners 7 2.3 percent pretty lame
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off six because I like to hear the word asshole three and I like
Neil's pool only one I thought that guy had a good suggestion but nobody else did
apparently what I'm saying he's right the pool is an important part of the show but that's not
why they listen and anyway here's the second pool since it is such an important part of the show
other than George W. Boish who is the most dangerous man in the world today now here's my list
so far you can add to it of course as you want or not as a case maybe uh Osama bin Laden Osama
your mama dig chainy Donald Rumsfeld Mohawar David Neil Rogers Kim Jong Il or Rush Limbaugh
I think that's a good list oh yeah huh covered I don't think it's covered I think there might be
a few others on there which I don't that I just mentioned them because then people won't call
other than G.W. Boish who is the most dangerous oh oh geez that's so obvious god the pope
you ready how can I leave you'll pop off of there huh the big potato the pope a man a silly old man
in a dress god all of he is a really snappy dresser and I sure love that miter and that
schmata that he's got other than George W. Boish the most dangerous man in the world today
or some of in Laden dig chainy Donald Rumsfeld Mohawar David Neil Rogers Kim Jong Il Rush Limbaugh
or the pope the pope who smokes the fat rope five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I've got some time to sit back and relax take a whole
bunch of really great calls between now and 12 30 here's Fort Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir your
next poll should be Jeb's question what would the world be like if his BDI to ask whole of a
brother hadn't been selected to the White House that's a good that's a good suggestion now also I
have a opinion and a story a new story um I disrespectfully disagree with your previous caller
who said that the mentalist Christians were amusing they are as dangerous and as big of threat
to the freedom and life in the United States as any other group of religious fundamentalist
wackos in the world absolutely correct the the news story is from Alabama yeah it talks about how
the governor's request for a tax increase was rejected despite the fact that he told the voters
of Alabama that it was their Christian duty to help the poor by shifting the burden of paying taxes
more to the people who could afford paying taxes and the comment in the paper was from a political
expert in Alabama that Christians do believe but they also vote their pocketbooks so what does
that tell you about who their god really is and once again Alabama leading the nation in
idiocy well don't forget Jojo yeah well and the city as well did you listen to the democratic
debates last night no I did not they had some good lines and one of the questioners asked the
candidates what their favorite song was yeah and Al Sharpton had the best answer he said his
favorite song was the theme song of the republican party talking loud and saying nothing by James Brown
mm-hmm you take care Neil and you too telling it like it is hang in there pal I have a great day
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the new pull is up by the way new pull is up we
only got four votes on here more Howard David moves into a quickly that's bad that's terrible I
just put a monitor kind of like as a gag no dick chain he just hopped over him well he hopped
over him because he don't want to kick no herpes here's Miami Beach hello and Neil yes sir
yeah man you have to stop well why do you care for all sports and anger the governor of California
because you have to ask me that question well look let me just say one thing let me ask you this
question what's the biggest state in the U.S. Alaska no I'm not talking about the size geographic
I'm talking about in population California yeah so in other words you don't think it says something
about the U.S. and where the public is going if we elect some stupid ass movie actor is governor
that guy could bench 400 pounds asshole oh great he could bench 400 assholes is what he said
here you go he could bench 400 pounds well in that case what about the jack lalean he used
to bench like 420 you you you cymbled in what look at the right there that was that was the
I take back what I said before that was the best call of the century right there that was
a beat that listen to this show plus I like the patient and there's the new criteria for president I
think right in fact maybe he could sit on these Supreme courts someday because he's good on the bench
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line another ball buster we're going to bust your
balls Neil oh it feels so good just like what's his name like Humphrey Bogart like Captain Quig
I'm squeezing him right now I'm rolling him like Mike Disney used to do his rolling him squeezing him
now this is Tampa on here now Scott are you positive with that did you double check and triple check
because we don't like calls from Tampa because they start talking about Tampa and Orlando radio
crap like that here's Tampa hello hi good morning Neil yes sir why not steal you yeah I'm not
not actually in Tampa but I live in Naples I think it's Jim Chung Neil yeah Jim Chung Yeal yeah
yeah I think he's one of them pretty dangerous what do you think
oh man I love this show you know what most of the paycheck but I sure love moments like these we've
had such a such a wide paycheck yeah it's really been great it's been phenomenal and we got another
hour to go till the pregame show you ain't hurt nothing yet just wait these people are coming up
with a great Z material today and Z standing for no question 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQM you were
hysteria station for the new millennium and hey lace were having a few laughs today you know I mean
tomorrow's 9 11 the anniversary it's choice records birthday could be the end of the world you never
know some crap that something's gonna happen tomorrow you people that sit on our pool from yesterday
nothing's gonna happen tomorrow guess what something is gonna happen tomorrow there's no question about
it somebody's gonna take a big dump or somebody's gonna have bad constipation probably my mother
how low can those interest rates go man now the financial group is doing that famous Limbo Rock
under the lowest refinance rate that's where I look under the bottom of your door and they're
peaking in there doing the Limbo Rock how does this sound 1.95 percent it's true now you can
refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95 percent financing rate with financial
group column today 1 800 940 land if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
you really ought to be checking this out before you do anything call 1 800 940 land talk about savings
list of these 100 thousand alone you pay only 368 bucks a month a 200 thousand dollar loan your
payments are only 736 bucks a month jump change so call financial group at 1 800 940 land to get
the low low amazing rate that you've been searching and looking and praying for 1.95 percent
from financial group column today tool free be sure mention Todd Dreck to a did a call 1 800 940 land
that's financial group at 1 800 940 L E and D they're an equal housing matter
credit restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 5.19 APR
my
and look
this is 440 by 6
you weigh
2A
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
half
off
half
half
the grass, the power is double, it likes to smuggle mad, the power is double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double
it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double, it's double
Oh yeah!
The Pope is getting higher!
The Pope is getting higher!
The Pope is getting higher!
The Pope is getting higher!
The Pope spouts down, catches in the grass!
The Pope spouts down, he likes to suck a mess!
The Pope spouts down, he's a cruiser!
The Pope spouts down, the Pope spouts down,
The Pope spouts down, the Pope spouts down,
Stokes,
Are you sure?
74 votes are our second poll. This is the main poll of the day. This is the main event.
74 votes on here already. Other than George W. Bush, who's the most dangerous man in the world today.
Dick Cheney 17, don't see too much of Dick. Donald Rumsfeld, the 14th yesterday.
Mo Howard David and the Pope are in a flat footed time. How do you like that? Ever see the two of them together? No.
Mo Howard David had probably because the thread he might spread the Z's. I think I have herpes. Yeah. That makes them dangerous.
Right there. Forget about that terrible show. No bad ratings. Mo Howard David and the Pope 9 of peace.
Oh, some of it. Same here. Here. Here. Here do. Well, some have been lawden eight. Kim Jong Il eight. Nobody knows who that is.
On Neil Roger six in Russia. And well for somebody says, put Pat Robertson and Jerry Fala on her. Right away. Thank you, Ben and mine.
How you been? That's a good suggestions right there. Pat Robertson and Jerry Fala speaking of dangerous fundamentalist Christian lunatics.
Readness down the erode the hell in a hand basket for fun and profit. By the way, I guess Pat Robertson was really all better to shave about poor Chuck Taylor there in Liberia.
Who? All those diamond deals he had going ill. Pat Robertson, all of his quick friends over there in Africa. I just mentioned that in passing also five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. First two things. I have. I have somebody I want to pull your poll. All right. Reno.
Janet Reno is the most dangerous man in the world. Okay. Next second thing. The second thing that color that called it about Arnold Swollon Packer. I don't think he's been 400 pounds in 10 years.
Okay, well, that's a hell of a call man. I told you. Wow. By the way, Eric, don't put Janet Reno on there. It's just a little funny. You guys try a little a little lane humor five six seven oh five 60.
The reason I mentioned is because anything you could mention it because Eric is being so efficient. You've seen it happen. It just all the sudden pops right up there on a pool.
He's going to be picked up or jam. Although she is certainly a lot more much than the pope. Where we going? Cool Gables. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. Good morning to you. I've got one for your poll. Okay. Richard Pearl.
Not choice. Dr. Death. When I see that fundamentalist, I get I have to go under the bed. He's scary. Oh, he sure is. And if we put him on there, we probably should put Paul Wolfowitz. Well, yeah, they're the they're connected at the hip.
Right over the calls by Ted Kennedy. The other day was great. It was beautiful to see that wasn't it? Yes, it was. And you know, I was I have another point, but I was distracted by that 400 pound Arnold call. Oh, you're beautiful.
You know, the who the governor of the state is really isn't overall that important to the rest of us in the country except for one thing. Just like in Florida, the governor gets to pick the secretary of state who then picks the secretary of elections like Catherine Harris, those types of characters.
And that is the importance of the governor. It isn't just that, but the fact is that it is again, it's attempt by the right wing lunatics. But these people are wanted to subvert the will of the public and overturn a legal election, which is unusual in this country to have legal legitimate elections anymore.
And then that's what it's all about. It has nothing to do with the great Davis. And so they prop up this, you know, somebody was tremendous popularity because they know that all the pop stars, anybody who's a pop icon in this country for whatever reason is almost unbeatable. And that is Arnold, you know, I'm more on.
Well, the purpose of it is to get a hold of the electoral college votes of California, which is has a great impact on that. I think I'm going to have well, we'll see because you know, listen, I'll bet George and Scott's life on a right now.
And next year's election, George W's got as much chance of winning a California is you got to finding 50 million cash in your backyard in that lottery ticket. I agree with you, but it is part of their ongoing campaign that you were.
And but something that I did see this morning that was very disturbing that further confirms what you've been saying in my mind about the press being fully beholden to this president of their campaign.
As I was watching or listening to in the background that American morning show on CNN that has Darren Kagan there. And she cuts who Walter Rogers, their correspondent in Baghdad. I'm sure you've seen him.
Yes, I mean, he gave the report on that poor soldier that was killed trying to disarm a one of those improvised bombs. And he reported that in the last 24 hours, six of our troops have been killed.
And I've been scouring everywhere all over the internet. Where the hell is that still? Yes, yes. I can't even find a story on the internet about the one soldier that admitted got killed.
I'm just stunned by this at a time when the president is receiving a lot of criticism for this 87 billion dollars on top of the hundred seven billion dollars in tax cut.
Why I don't hear too many people.
Okay, well, I just check. I'm just checking right now. I'll read it to you. They're finally admitting now to after days without an American fatality.
Two US soldiers were killed in separate incidents over the last 24 hours. US central command says.
Well, Walter Rogers just confirmed that he had spoken with them at sent comm and six soldiers according to his report this morning that six soldiers have died in the last 24 hours.
And for what? And for now, that's the question we got. American kids dying over there every single day. They've been lied to. Now they're saying we have no idea how long you're going to have to be there.
We have no idea when there's no end in sight that the war is really still going on as well. Wolfowitz said. And this, you know, the public has been lied to and everybody watching. Whoopi Goldberg.
Well, I have one question to ask you and everyone else out there. If our troops want to come home and their tours of duty have been extended longer than the contract that they have signed.
Aren't they now technically conscripts?
You're asking me. Well, I'm just I'm just throwing that out at this sort of like a point of order. Maybe for a consideration.
Point of order. Point of order folks. Point of order. I don't know. Somebody maybe knows the answer. I don't know.
You know, aren't they technically conscripts and that they're there beyond their. I think under the pay for you to act in under the mandate of Donald Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld.
They're going to be there as long as we want them to be there regardless. That's true. Good luck to us all, Neil. Thank you.
I think I think it's the Scott Jr. philosophy. We just decided they're going to be there without pay. Have a great day, sir.
Be good. Yeah, we're really taking good care of veterans. Aren't we?
The administration. So scandal. The people in Santa Cruz are right, man. They got it right on the money in peach today.
Before this insanity just gets to well already is totally out of control. 87 billion. Yeah.
It's worth it. And it has nothing to do with the war on terror as he keeps saying nothing to do with it. Zero. Zipity do da.
The the P-neck people decided this holy racketack years ago we put even a stolen 2000 election.
But don't and of course you won't find that in the mainstream media. You won't find nothing about that.
I'll say it again without the media. They are complicit. They're a part of this. Audio media assholes out there.
And I know you listen to people of the CNN bureau or Miami. You all listen to this show.
Your bunch of lunatics. Your bunch of grave robbers shame on you. Just like in Vietnam it only went after the public.
Went nuts mostly on college campuses first and then finally when the public began realize how many thousands of kids were coming home in body bags.
And they really totally turned against the war only then did the media finally decided like start telling us the truth.
Because if you wait here truth from the US government. I'm not just talking about Bush. I'm talking about anybody in the US government.
You wait here the truth you're going to wait a long time till hell freezes over heavy duty for a hockey game.
And how about that Joe Nguyen Dyke 19 till noon at 5 60 WQM if you got a big ugly bald spot Joe Nguyen Dyke's got a bald spot.
In fact almost all guys you know by the time they get to be in their 30s. In fact maybe.
But third man.
It's the dividing line when I hear starts falling out. Look at Port Tom Brady. Oh my bitch. You don't have any here left after that game last week.
If you're tired of constant looking for the baseball cap to cover up for your lack of here call my good friend Charles Alfieri.
I mean you can put a mousey looking weasel on your head you can do any of those things but the best deal is.
Get the natural hairline system the latest technology the best looking one going anywhere at any price.
Charlie's been doing it for over 25 years for the rich the famous the infamous the Schleppers because everybody gets Charlie's 30s guarantee.
You have nothing to lose but that bald spot if you don't love the way it looks and feels after 30 days Charlie give you a full refund if you're not getting late at least three four five times a day to give you your money back no questions asked.
Call today and take advantage of that $200 Neil Rogers discount to and keep in mind that Charlie's services and repairs all kinds of her systems.
Why do you wait only 25 to 30 bucks so the choices up to you there's a zillion guys trying to prepare the all kinds of here holes in the head muskrats on ahead you name it all kinds of dangerous pills as well.
By the way to grow no hair and could be really harmful to your health if you want to get you a great looking head and look better and younger than you ever dreamed again.
Call Chuck Alphierry tool free today and check this out call 1 800 321 24 13 1 800 321 24 13 or log onto their website Charles Alphierry dot com.
I live my love dirty balls into booking you.
He's gonna buy my life and Depending on the time you're watching me printing or fig Obo, you know, I got 17 old boys are all unique.
Charlie goes to grandma school drunk on idr and I got St. Michael's
His dad once had closes his eyes when he counts to ten
He helps him to remember all of them
Like the bush we had before he's got the same name on the oval office door
He's in there thinking unlike Clinton
How to make this country wonderful again
Open George W. You ain't like his dad when he quarters it for two bomb back dead
There's a dumb once another fight
At night, sir George and make him wanna cry
Close his eyes when he goes to bed and dreams of the recount
Make him smile, if you're better when you hear him say
Suicide will be wonderful someday
He might promise us everything that don't need spittle
And he's got to chain me
To blame if something goes wrong
Once the press gets to him he'll realize
Be in president least so wonderful
Be in president least so wonderful, man
13th of the room, yeah they got that uh Humpty Dumpty problem over there
Somebody faxes and I'm, why are we stupid or what?
We are, I'm embarrassed and we always do this
We live off somebody so obvious
John Askrop, get him on there right away or please
How could we have left off John a Hermongering ascroft?
Well, you know, we're distracted by the early John Rudolph has ascroft
John Joseph Kerbels ascroft how could we have left them off of there?
But anyway, he's on here now. He will be momentarily
141 votes other than George W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world today dig chaney 33 their nervous about dick
Donald Rumsfeld 32
Osama Yamama 20 how do you like that?
The Pope 16 Mo. Howard David at 11 right on a Pope's ass Kim Jong Il 10 rush limbaugh 10 ever see them together
No
Neil Rogers 9
Non-projury follow up how Robertson yet and we don't have Richard Pearl on there yet or Paul Wolfowitz or John ascroft
But they will be trust me when I tell you if Eric knows what I mean they'll be on their momentarily
He's been doing a yeoman job man. I'll tell you's been to a stupendous job on our website
Neil Rogers dot com great bedtime stories on there today
Each and every one of you ought to be on there reading them instead of worrying about God then whoopi Goldberg Jesus
That's just it's enough to make you cry which is worse Arnold or the whoopi Goldberg thing whoopi
I mean at least Arnold offers a little comic relief because you know what you know he's not gonna win and then at the end of the day
He's not gonna win
Oh please don't say he is please don't say it not in California
Hello
Here's Miami hello
Yes, sir
What is it
He's the fact that he's got his what do you say
He was trying to suggest a name it then he wasn't no he didn't get the name
Oh, you didn't well, that's why I asked him about all and first of all he was like screaming and mum
Like that I can't understand when you like hollering and keeping carried away. Okay, sir a little bit of telephone etiquette would be good
Let's have a you know some instructional courses and telephone etiquette and how you like speak into that thing the thing with little holes in it like your
Brackdom asshole
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Delray B. Tello
Hey first of all nail. Yeah, I was watching Paul both of what's up
Yeah, I couldn't believe there's no hold yet
Secondly, did you see the Democratic candidate to pay last night? No, he did not somebody called about it
Well, I think sparks actually had a agenda. I think the reason that the sparks news wanted sparks or hit me
I want to put the
Absolutely unwatchable space rescue up there. I was actually watching it a bit. It was it was comedic
It was what comedic comedic comedic
Okay, mostly grown and Al Sharpton were just
They were comics released for the rest of them, but the answers they were given and the fact that they won't touch themselves or
Anybody else or hardly got to go George Bush at all. They weren't touching each other
No, they were touching each other. I'll be damned. That would have been a lot more exciting
I guess
I'm sorry and missed it and the way the way it's not I'm glad I missed it. I think I did the right thing
Well, pretty human's not another pretty thing to look at it was very difficult to walk away
I mean probably probably a choice if I would have just stayed at home either whoopee or that so
Have a great day. Thanks for making your call. Oh, I almost forgot about this. There a girl 12 years old settles piracy suit for two grand
This is so embarrassing man. I mean what when is the public kind of like start being alarmed by the kind of crap that's going on, you know?
George Orwell is spinning in his grave a
12-year-old girl in New York was among the first to be sued by the record industry for sharing music over the internet is off the hook
After her mother agreed yesterday to pay to grand the settle the lawsuit apologizing admitting that her daughter's actions violated US copyright laws
The hurried settlement involving Brianna LaHara an honors student was the first announced one day after the recording industry
Associates of America file 261 such lawsuits across the country
Lawyers for the RIAA said Brianna's mother Sylvia Torres contacted them early yesterday to negotiate
We understand now that file sharing the music was illegal
Tore said in the statement distributed by the recording industry you can be sure Brianna would be doing that no mo no mo
As a matter of fact she was playing that on the phone. She stole that from us, too. Yeah, she said Brianna won't be doing that
No
Brianna added I'm sorry for what I've done. I love music. Don't want to hurt the artists. I love
Case against Brianna
Was a potential minefield for the music industry from a public relations standpoint the family lives in a city housing project in the York
Upper West Side and they said they mistakenly believed that we're in Tadalodon, low music over the internet because they had paid
2999 for software that gives them access to online file sharing services. How do you like that making it even more embarrassing?
Even in the hours before you believe them. No, but it sounds good
Even in the hours before the settlement was announced Brianna was emerging as an example of what critics said was overzealous
Enforcement by the powerful music industry the top lawyer for Verizon Communications Inc.
Charge jury yesterday during a Senate hearing that music lawyers had resorted to a campaign against 12-year-old girls
Rather than try to help consumers turn to legal sources for songs online
Verizon's internet subsidiary is engaged in a protracted legal fight against the RIAA
Over copyrights of penis and Verizon customers Senator Dick Durbin, Devacred of Illinois also alluded to Brianna's case
Are you headed to junior high school surround up the usual suspects Durbin asked RIAA president Carrie Sherman during a Senate judiciary hearing?
Durbin said he appreciated the piracy threat of the recording industry, but added I think you have a tough public relations campaign to go after the offenders without appearing heavy-handed in the process
Sherman responded that most people don't shoplift because they fear they'll be arrested
We're trying to let people know they make it caught therefore they should not engage in this behavior Sherman said
Yes, there are going to be some kids caught in this, but you'd be surprised at how many adults are engaged in this activity
And other they got the public really scared crap in their pants nobody's gonna be sharing files downloading no more now
All over within it. Oh, I
Just like hearing that I love that I just I get sexual assignment here and that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line
We got the big ballgame come up today
It is a big game Marlon's at the Metz means nothing to the last place metz. They suck
Marlon's just need to keep winning and winning and winning hope filled up your stumbles along the way
Marlon's at the Metz pregame show is it the 1235 a game at 110 handcuffed at a game then Ricky William show 7 8
That should be pretty inverse. I mean pretty exciting
Other than George W. Bush the most dangerous man in the world today is Dick Cheney tied with Donald Rumsfeld 38 a piece
You watch how a scrub's gonna fly up there. We apologize for that by the way we're stupid
Osama your mama 21 to poop 19 is right on Osama's ass and enjoying every second of it
You can't say that about the holy father. I just did a
Kim Jong-il 14 Moe Howard David had 12 near Rogers 11. I'm on Moses paybacks of it's mo
Although I'm kind of like Lee and low because of that the herpes problem John a scrub 7
Did I mention wrestling ball 11 tied with me John a scrub 7 pet Robertson won none yet for Jerry Fall
Well Richard Pearl or Paul Wilfowitz as crop just went under he's already got seven
He's gonna go skyrocketing to the top you just watch a watch you watch how fast that old fart can move a guy who lost to a dead man
By the way in a Senate election in Missouri. What does that tell you?
Never that yep, yeah, never forget here's a four-letter deal. Hello uncle me all. Yes
Hey, you remind the fire just want to say you have him great show today. Oh good. I was one
Please
About the
Terrace that was gonna be put to death tomorrow by the firing squad
Yeah, I thought that was pretty awesome. They should be yeah, let's nail a baby. Let's let's get bring him back to guillotine
Unfortunately, I'm all the way to busy world. So it's gonna set around for an eyes in a bit if possible
Yeah, and well if I don't have time for the whole bit, maybe I could just give you like, you know
I
Want to
Appreciate it and I
Have a great day pal. I don't think I'm gonna play that. Yeah, he's again. He was doing so well by the way
He's okay. He meant well. He's just not funny. You know, he's like you George. He's not funny means well
Well, he's he means well
So anyway, let him 56 four minutes to learn you mean to say we only got another half hour
I feel like we're being cheated here today. Don't you? Where you take the break? Yes, you might want to alert the people to the website
Where Erica is a god?
What do we got on there new stuff?
Miguel stand it we sent it and he put it up there. It's like man. He is Eric. You're so good that we're embarrassed
We almost feel like we want to apologize for all the bad things. We said that of course at the time we said them. They were true
Uh, let's see. Let me take a look
Well, let's see if they oh, oh, that is the best if you liked
Uh all the other most of moda and then down. Where's the poll?
Uh, okay under the poll
My mom was scared. There's that kid would at the
Dreaming again. I like that and we got the cartoons
Oh, a whole bunch of cartoons
Plus of course phenomenal bedtime stories. Eric you're the best man. He is the best. Who don't need that beener boy anyway
He's still alive. Hey, if you need to send your home fast fast cash home buyers. They buy houses fast hassle free
Fast cash home buyers
Buy houses in any condition any location for any reason you need to set your house fast
Maybe your house needs a new roof flooring any other repairs
Well, don't be thrown bad money after good or good money after bad
In other words, don't throw them with no mo on money away on costly repairs
Call Ron today at 1 866 785 fast for a no obligation hassle free offer
At fast cash home buyers they help you solve those house problems. Do you have a vacant house?
Tired to dealing with a problem tenant. Maybe you're going through a nasty smelly rotten obnoxious divorces
There any other kind call fast cash home buyers
Maybe you're one two or three payments behind and here we did a property. You don't want fast cash home buyers can help call rod
Today at 1 866 785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you real peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today
And listen to this you won't have to pay a penny in real estate commissions
What are my higher even if you don't know what that means? Call rod toll free
1 866 785 fast
1 866 785 fast cash home buyers solve those house problems
This is 566
Reuse all yours
You in
Hi, sir
Mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn. Well, sir. We're just scouting locations
Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square
Raymond
Car on the vacuum cleaner
Remus get that blue bird out of here
Eisner but sir look what we don't admit down man had 40 second street is incredible
I don't want publicly. I support it that but you took all the point away. You're telling me
I'm going through gabbles gone like pets. We're just scouting areas calm down
Listen to me but much don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with lead low and stitch 128 million dollars
Now you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming. Are you running?
Hang on a minute
You
Remus
Yes, I blew my crap all over your shoulder
When you're so up for heaven's sake
And cut off the module cleaner
Good god sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good god
You're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it? Please don't make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine you mentioned we owe in stitch and now we have the new emnight shumma on movie coming out later this summer
Signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign you got to start swinging some of these titles pass me
Remus
I know you can't hear me
You're not here Remus and take that
All right, my sir
Yeah, sir, I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you?
What do you mean sir? I'm not done with you what bad done?
I put hand a storm in your job
You're terrible. I'm sorry
Baby, I put Remus in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus
Oh
My what a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're nothing
level four five sixty double the QA and we got 224 votes other than GW's the most dangerous man in the world today
Dick Cheney time with Don Rumsfeld 43 piece or some of your mama 34 the Pope 21
King junk yield 20 John Ascroft is steadily climbing up toward the top 18
Mo Howard David is on Ascroft's back 17 the O'Rodgers 13, Marceline Ball 11
Jerry Falwell one Pad Robertson one Richard Pearl one and Paul Wolf of which one that's because most people have no idea who they are
Which is very unfortunate
news corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch we know who he is a real asshole the brains behind the anxious ultra right wing
Fox Network
Rupert Murdoch said there's a 6040 chance that president GW Bush will veto a bill that blocks the federal rule allowing TV networks such as Murdoch's Fox to buy more local stations
As once again the Bush family continues to frame the world of the public they have the biggest plans
Bush will veto the bill if he has enough supported Congress to sustain the move
Murdoch said yes they are marks of a Morgan Stanley median communications conference in Boston
The FCC passed the new medium ownership rules in June as we all know to our dismay
If there is any chance at all of the presidential being a vetoing upheld by the center of the Congress
I think you'll find that Bush will veto it and the new rules put up by the FCC will stand Murdoch said
I give that a 60 to 40 chance
The Senate appropriations committee last week approved a bill that would block the rule interest groups including the national rifle association and consumers union have argued that it would reduce programming diversity
Networks including Viacom Inc. CBS GE's NBC and Fox say consolidation will help them compete with cable and satellite TV
right
The new station ownership rule would allow networks to buy local stations reaching as much as 45% of us viewers up from the previous
Limit of 35% we feel the campus completely outdated should be their Murdoch center response to a question
He said foxes increased news and news services on its stations by 50% in the past two years more than locally owned stations have done
He also said the cost of sports programs for cable and satellite TV distributors will come down
right fair and unbalanced man
There you go just it just continues. There's no end to it no way to incite
Whatever the public wants Bush will give me the opposite
But you know something it's going to pass overwhelming me in the Senate and as a result he'll never be able to
Deliver him but never be able to have his veto upheld. Oh
What a shame
5 6 7 over oh 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line a lot of pressure to there were these two and a half hours shows
You know, but I could get used to it
I'm thinking three hours max, you know
Who's starting like October 1 three hours max same pay
Everybody on a station three hours sick from all like about maybe three minutes. Absolutely
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
Pretty good. Good. I'm gonna jump around a little bit first the guy will call a few calls back
Wanted to give you a name, but you couldn't understand him. You said aerial sure on oh and well get him on there right away
And wasn't my pick my pick is runny. I think runny is a scary son of a no, but aerial sure on belongs on there absolutely correct
Okay, I also watch oh
I also watch some of the
The debate in front of the black caucus last men as well black caucus
And some of the things that I did here in the media part of what you didn't say do caucus did you
Call out to go ahead and caucus. Okay, okay, some of the things that I heard were and just you were speaking of earlier also
one of the questions was asked to
The carry does he think that president
Bumble's quad
Purposefully to Steve the public and he's dance. He did a great gene killing impersonation
Then the person went to Bob Graham and F. Tim and his answer was yes
You know beautiful. It was straightforward. It was perfect
Yeah, their Graham is really sensational, which is probably why I haven't got a chance. I know it's Gary
He's such a up front person. He's like right. What we I was on the intelligent committee
We knew and he should have known that there was no imminent threat that he had that
But I'm afraid had nothing to do with anything. I've been doing nine and eleven and yes
He purposely deceived the public
And I was waiting for a follow-up question. Do you think that's an impeachable offense? But no one ever asked it
Mm-hmm
Here right away as a wafer, you know in the beginning
He supported he voted for it and then they turns around now while he didn't have an exit plan yadda
He's he's a wafer. How are deemed to me as the only one that's really a butch stuff and it's right from the beginning
Oh, yeah, I'm part of that part of something else. They had asked that
No more foot Lieberman if
Oh
If we should cow-towel to
To Israel and of course he was with him and hawing about it and ask how routine how are teams like no
You can't be partisan on both on either side either you're gonna be you know
You're gonna be a somebody who's gonna bring peace or you're gonna kiss somebody's ass
You can't be a mediator and be on one side is that just an impossibility and Lieberman of course didn't agree with that
Of course not he said my real father and I cocks the hoist of the Arabs. That's what he said, you know
All right, couple of things man. I'll get off the phone
um, I do work for a
High-speed internet company and we were sending out they sent us emails and they were sending out anytime that
The art I a a inquired about somebody's name they were sending emails out and informing them that these people were looking into them
And they were trying to find out information about them
Um, unfortunately
According to the email that we received as tech support they did give out the information they were bound
They said to give out the information, but they were trying to get around that by letting people know that look
These people are looking into what your what your ISP is what you're downloading and that sort of thing
lastly
And enclosing yes candy sleeve abs candy sleeve abs chavron moly
Okay
Okay
What do you like about it was not a bad rendition?
Oh, I loved it. That was a great call. It was an outstanding call. See of course to show you you're so cynical about these great calls
Just don't get in here because we
I've always told you go through about a thousand calls and pretty soon you get a good one like that one
We had a good one today right
Muscle the America watches whoopee goober. That's how much they've been pushed over the edge by the bush my sterile these fascist bastards as
They're just losing it, you know, that's why they're watching whoopee
They can't stand the bitch, but they just don't know the screamer each Shakita's banana or hop on old Cedar Cruz
10 minutes past the hour 10 past noome got the pressure at ballgame
Big Marlon game now stay with us today. Okay, we need you. We don't need you to bail out because we got a baseball game. We need you badly
We need people listening to QM round o'clock except for five to eight in the morning
Now we even when Moe is on and we want them listening no no them all
Come on. Yes. We're not gonna play that game. That's right. I'm not gonna play the game that he was playing about
I urge everyone who listens to my show not to listen to the show that follows me
And of course now he's got forever on there. So we sing in a different tune, you know, because he's busy sucking scots
As by the way if you like ass sucking
Tomorrow morning between 645 and seven o'clock in the morning. I might even get up early to catch it. It's the rim job
Well, not Jeff rumor. It's mohawi david at rims jfielder right on the radio
man
Because you know, well, he's got a brown eye for talent
11 past noon a QA and let me tell you about Brandy shoes. They've been around a long time in South Florida
You want to know why because they do it right they give you a fantastic selection on beatable prices
Personal service you walk out of there with a perfect fit and a happy as small on your push every time
So take your feet to Brandy's over 25 years in South Florida. Sing great location
They got all the top brands. You know, and love they got rockport shoes and echoes in mefisto
Timberland Clarks s a s floor shum you like it. They got it and a wide range of sizes whether your feet are gigantic and huge
Which usually indicates something or whether you got teeny tiny petite feet which sometimes indicates something too
man's size is 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide every time
I'd say that I want to say platypus
Why is that go ahead say?
There's nothing wrong with the platypus and don't forget their professional staff like I told him
We give you personal service to assure you get a perfect fit every single time you're looking for it
They got a brandy shoes 1290 no federal highway and pompano beach open daily nine to nine Sunday stand to five all this week
It Brandies new balance shoes are on sale take 20% off men's and women's new balance
Brandies got a humongous selection of styles and sizes too stop in the store or visit them online at Brandy shoes
Dot com
Hello
Hello
No are you getting impatient again? No I'm kind of a break was that I just went out there to start putting my clothes on
I hear hello I love that I love hearing you get left with a hold in the bag
How do you know what bag I was holding
It looked like a monotone this morning. I think I have herpes I think I have herpes
Oh
In red we started it comfortably done
I'm a big dick in woods
Your porter
In Saudi America country I love
I'll bless America it's in on my throat
Watch the goods are catching on my nose
Running a lot you try me all care about me
I wear it on my sleeve
Squat down on my post-cating staff
And then you watch your balls slapping on my nose
Come on with Christian brother help me get off
As I gaze upon my naked dick to John as cross
No more than dog do just like George his brain
That's why I'm devoted to me
In the browser come ease the centers and days
Fast feeling choose living in shape
Oh
Commonly living lovely in the f***er
In grey every card in culture we do
And I believe in God damn things they say
Cross 16 at 560 WNQM we apologize profusely for all I did air at least I do
No I know no no no no no it was fun
Well see it's just that whoever's making a log these days hasn't got a clue
I'm how to like balance the log out
So we have like somewhat shorter breaks this half-hour which we really have no reason to have shorter breaks
It's happened they still don't understand like when we have these ball games
Oh what it's all about so it's the way it goes
So I'm just leisurely taking my time I got my pants like half up in my shirt on
Yeah, I'm ready to fly out of here have a nice lunch today get out of the fridge
And all of a sudden who you hello hello and I'm thinking oh he's in a panic and I love it
I was going like I was high five in myself
What's got my treasure pot off
So I see right off the bat there's George again blame in Scott you know that's a good thought probably does have the pictures
Just dummy up with it plays before you dig the hole any deeper you're already halfway to China
Other than George's W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world today is our pull question
We had an earlier pull about this show and it was interesting you think was interesting
Children time though 274 votes on this one already
Dick Cheney is time with Don Mumsville 52 other than G. W. The most dangerous man in the world today
Osama's 41
Kim Jong Il 27 John Ascroft continues steadily climbing toward the top
25 he's goose stepping his way toward the top the Pope 22 he's kind of schlepping toward the top
Mohawar david in 19 the O'Rajah's 15 rush limbaugh 12 I'm delighted I'm ahead of rush
Paul Wolfowitz five and will only one of peace for Pat Roberts and Jerry fall while Richard Poole and Ariel
Sure on how about you're not too happy about that well he just went on there. Yeah, whatever he'll get some he'll get his
56705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's beautiful moral cables. Hello
Hello Mr. Rogers
Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I haven't suggested for a while. This sounds like a chronic go ahead. No, no
How about we'll go to China's free?
What is it?
Go Shavez
Spickening glazeman Hugo Shavez is the most dangerous man in the world today
How about Caesar Shavez
56705 what praise that last call by the way that I need to be deported sent him back to Caracas with his maracas
In some Cedric Cruz CDs
Speaking of that here's hi Alia. Hello. A Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great. I know if you got a chance to
And or if you saw the article but last week
um in the Mami Harold they had like a really small article and towards the end of the article
They asked Laura Bush what she thought about what was happening
Uh with the soldiers that were coming back in you know bodyguides. Yes, and she answered that she didn't want to
Uh in a beautiful mind she didn't want to worry about what was happening
Instead of being sympathetic to the families of all the soldiers that have died. Yeah, she was like
I don't want to worry about it. I'm thinking oblivious. Yeah. Yeah. In other words if he just blocks it out of her mind and pretends it doesn't happen
Then she wouldn't have to feel so guilty and so bad the same way that she's blocked out of mind that her daughters like to drink a lot and party and booze but
Right. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you for pointing that out. Okay. As if we don't know what a bunch of degenerates the Bush family already are
Nice divorce there Neil. I'm sorry. And I semester with a Silverado SNL
But the public doesn't care. They just don't care like I said
Cheb Bush gets caught with his guy. They impance down with his mouth wide open making stupid idiotic comments on tape and a public says
Hey, well, how soon can we put it back in here again? We like this a crook
We like this freaking liar
So why should we get upset about you know, we just we just live our little pathetic meaningless lives and do the best we can
That's all your life means as much as as it means to you and that great philosophy sure
That's right if it means a lot to you then it's important, you know if it'll mean nothing and uh oh I like this
Law let students forego senior year. I wanted to mention this yesterday. I think I didn't mention you but touch
Don't it. I touched it briefly
Of all the ways attempted to free up space and florida crowded classrooms
This one could be a dream come true for high schoolers in a hurry a diploma without a senior year
Which I think most of you are aware of if you paint any attention
Supporters of a law granting high school diploma in just three years that will help curb
Crouting and florida schools critics virul to private early graduates of extra-curricular activities and senior year milestones
The state's top education officials already warning that the new law essentially enabling students to forego their senior year is not for everyone
It shouldn't be abused. It was meant for a small group of band of students who were not only mature enough
But smart enough to graduate education commissioner Jim Horan said it's not an attempt under classized pressure to do away with the 12th grade
Right, of course not
It's not part of those devious plans you think
The fast track graduation laws among several measures passed this spring in a wake of the voter approved
Amendment requiring the state to take immediate actions to reducing class sizes
The amendment sets caps for every grade including no more than 25 students per high school by class by 2010
Under the option
Students can graduate with six fewer credits as long as they double up on English classes to learn four credits and study a four
Language for two years see there allowed to skip several elective credits including physical education art and life management courses
Yaudi-yaudi-yaudi-na partridge and it just you know it's more the same crap
Can complain about the education in florida because generally speaking they're ain't none. Did I say florida in America?
For a cent
87 billion dollars and that's only the tip of the iceberg now they're saying the critics and the
Mac really so that's that's only the lowball figure
Because Georgie always did like the highball himself every now and
But he liked the eight ball before he found Jesus and weighs a little behind the eight ball now
With that Humpty Dumpty problem that he can't put the pieces back together again
87 million to try to extricate ourselves from this mess all based on attack a lies
But nevertheless the public says
Hey, what times the party start when do we get to vote for Arnold and what times the movie Goldberg show back?
We like to lie and how about the what's that treasure island show? What is it called?
Oh, I shall temptation island temptation. I don't watch any of those shows. I do like the previews though
Well, there's some interesting people on the previews
They're depending on the lineup they get that temptation island. I still say the best of those shows was the um
Am I hot are you hot? Are you hot? Is it hot? Is it boiling? Is it rated like word or it's spurt that damn Lorenzo ruined it for everybody
I
Don't know why you got such a bone up your ass about Lorenzo Lamas. Uh, because he sucks
Well, that makes him even more desirable to some
Rumsfeld 50 let's take a peek at this 58 for uh, Rummy right now
He is dangerous now because he's losing it
He's absolutely losing it and the troops when he was over there on the last weekend said hey don't come talk to us
We don't we want to go home. We don't want to have nothing to do with you
You fascist you not see bastard you you ever see him and Hermann gering together
That lately. I'm thinking of myself because uh, I was watching on the Discovery Channel, which I do like a lot lately
I was somebody a documentaries on on the Nazis and on the Nuremberg trials
I'm thinking Nuremberg would be a great place for a Rumsfeld and
Wolfowitz and Richard Purl and they still have that courthouse don't they all of these guys and dick chaining the translators
Donald Rumsfeld 58 dick chaining 55 the most dangerous man in the world of A B
sides W which he goes without saying Osama Yamama 43 John Ascroft steadily
Who stepping up that ladder with 31 votes has just hopped over King Jung eel is got 29
The Pope 23
Moe Howard David at 19 the Arigis 15 now that's interesting
Tryfecta there because it goes to Shurde even though we're daughtering old men were still dangerous the Pope Moe and yours truly
Russia in box 12 Paul Wolfowitz 5 during fall well 3 Ariel Sherrod's got a pair now
I probably eat it
It's kosher pet Robertson one and Richard Purl one out of two hundred ninety seven votes so far
Here's a call from four lottery. Oh, hello
Anya how are you pretty good sir?
Excellent um what just two points first of all I was it was pretty amusing and I know it's just talked to
Twisted sense of humor that I have but uh, I was I put on the news yesterday and
To see you know a group of women in front of the hotel that
Here's that right all holding a fine thing that they love the bush
I'm about true
Kind of was that we know there. I bet you Janet might have been one of them. I didn't see her
I bet you somebody had a good friend of yours like yellow put this on. What about Donna Shalela? You think she might have been there?
I think she wanted to be there. Mm-hmm. Yeah
The second thing is um you were talking about how popular uh the ratings on what these show were
And honestly I think it's because this is actually the first show that has
Cruision humor on it you know humor that you know it of course from someone
Originally for someone who is from Iraq or from Iran or someone from that region
So I think that my prediction is in the future you're gonna see a lot of shows
Copping that chemistry. There's gonna be a lot more show
Now hard to talk about really genius gonna have it is show it finally that magic flying carpet is gonna come in handy
Exactly
Thanks, Rodiel. Thank you pal. I have a great day good calls today by the way George for uh, you know all your skeptics out there
Yeah, we started out we had one or two and even you know
We should have known the first guy even though it's one of our chronic regulars who did the uh
Edward Teller that he was great. He was great
Which goes to show that even when you're dealing with some dickhead like that once in a great while he come up with something good
Brad that was way back at uh hours ago hundred hours ago
Yeah, we've been on two damn long today. I know
But we're coming to an end soon here. It's coming to a halt
I got my clothes on
So so you thought that Scott shut the pot
You you never know with him. Don't you want to share your pot with Scott? No
not not
Not he's gonna get paid sometime
About a few bucks. No, no
That's how it said he's cutting them off okay because you like uh
He said he just shut him out
26 past no, we got the marlin pregame show tomorrow and then it's a big it or going to go 16 games over
Get it right Scott by the way they're going to try to go 16 over 500 and most importantly if the fillies can
Mus take sole possession of the wild cards spot see the reason the reason i'm pushing tomorrow and it's a little bit now
Is because at least this season?
Maybe they wise up the idiot uh samsen and the the uh whatever they wise up a little bit
But the fact is we're not being threatened the people of south are
I mean you hear a little bit behind the scenes the city of my amie's talking this and talking to
But it's not like it has been for so damn long that would a john henry thing
If we don't get the stadium we're gonna be moving to partland we're moving to nashville
You know and we'll pack your sandwich
You know that kind of crap no it's just that they're playing lop in or anybody dreamed
They're doing it with my mic low all the hero of late and they're just they're kicking ass
Without without any threats by the way uh mic uh what's his name?
Mike mayo hold a male had the most stupid column he's ever written in his life a couple of days ago about hey
We don't need new stadium. What's wrong with pro player stadium
the
The
What the same place that nobody shows up at now
This that seriously i think i think mike mayo needs a little bottomy since they got him out of the sports
So world and put him into like the real world he can't handle it
He just can't uh and i know you listen right now mike you're a good guy but god your columns really blow
VIP sportsbook.com is south florist best sportsbook no blowing over there a lot of the sports books do blow because they blow out of town
99% of those other guys are located in the jungles of costa rica or maybe we're down there in finisuela with Hugo Chavez hiding in the jungles
Who knows where they are? Google
Google i'm sorry Hugo Chavez this year move up in class to vip sportsbook.com the oldest and largest sportsbook in
The needle on man netherlands i'm stood on holland with the dutch swathy wouldn't choose in the windmills
100% legal and licensed at vip sportsbook.com
So listen to me check them out in the web or call them tool free
1866 vip bets because these are the kind of people you want to be plunging your gut set with their south float is best
Sportsbook by far
Sign up now and you can bet on all the south float of football and basketball teams juice free all year long
You want to bet on the dolphins 100 to win 100 you'll need a lot of luck if you're betting on them win win
You want to bet the hurricanes 100 to win 100 they're playing a lot of girls school so no no sweat
So forget about the vigorous all sun. I'm still a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus either
vip sportsbook.com check them online at that thing or call them tool free at
1866 vip bets be sure in time you're hurting here on qa m mentioned Gary sarner's name they'll laugh their ass off
That's one eight six is vip bets
VIP sportsbook.com. Let me say it again
VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP
you
Did you even the pack by the way by a single voted spike he had a
It up and win
They put one back in causes hard is old
The doctor's call me a hard fan
But now we really know his heart is old
And what we're told
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old
Hope it don't explode
He makes decisions he has the vision
He has the country under his control
While push is jogging
Dicks fainter vlogging and that's what happens when your heart is old
And it's full of holes
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old
Oh
He'll keep on working till as hard as cold
He'll keep pretending that is hard. Hey, no
But it's really old
Well, he may have an old crappy heart boy, but he sure on top of his list other than George W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world of
Dick's got 60 60 predict cheney 59 for Donald Rumsfeld side by each
Osama Yamama's only got 47 John as crop 34 steadily go stepping along
Kim Jong Il 29 the Pope 26 Mo Howard David at 22 the O'Rodgers 15 in Rush Limbaugh 12
Paul Wolfowitz 5 3 4 4 3 our El Sherones got three
Alita mall Richard Pearl one and Pat Robertson has only a single vote
Well boys and girls it's that time you've been waiting for the pressure is building
Marlon free game show come up in a couple of minutes 12 35
Marlon's at the Met's huge game
The hopper is on after the ball game Ricky William shows seven eight. Let's hear those excuses Ricky come on
Orlando El Zagiri the big at eight o'clock edd. K at 10
Joe and Mark overnight don't forget a highlight of the Mo Howard David at Joe tomorrow
Which there aren't too many but a highlight it's the rim job as most sucks jfdlers ass
645 is seven tomorrow absolutely a few a.m
Forget his licks
I
Want to give you a kiss okay yeah, but wait a second
Oh
You
