ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
No seriously Bob Cummings was in the early he was like kind of an Aussie and Harriet kind of guy you know what I mean no no talent
boring Aussie and who five six seven oh if I do you want to start knocking Rick Nelson out any be knocking the Nelson's and effect that they had the long hair don't be knocking the Nelson's now
they were going to send me naked pictures till you intercede at that time sure here's a call it says from New Jersey hello
morning yes sir I got one for the poll okay show his history but Providence with Molina canna curates you talk about multiple orgasms Providence Providence was the name of the show yes how long was that on a couple of seasons it was real strange
each episode would open with with this girl who's a surgeon talking to her dead mother to give you an idea oh that's my kind of show yeah
absolutely in fact I'm waiting for that day thank you thanks a lot Pellie now see I shouldn't have said that because mom's listening right now and every time I call a saying oh I heard you talking about 90 is old enough yeah
minute mom 90's plenty old enough okay honey 90's old enough I don't want to plan any suggestions in your mind there's a lot of good pawn shops in 441 what don't you think 90 is old you're speaking to my soul right 90 is damn old enough
night if you remember the godfather that scene with Frankie pentangely when he got in a bathtub remember and of course if my don't have any sharp razor blades are not I be more than delighted next time I stop by to drop off some of this old twin
night's blue blades remember those wall greens is right there on the way oh yeah do they still make those I guess they're still guys that
shape with those huh the regular old fashioned metal angle blade face razor pain wow I mean craters in your
posts like gouges trench god why would anybody shape with those when you got I can I tell you the best razor seriously I mean some guys don't
use electric razor because they're lazy I've been through that phase it's not good right pinning you use one got a clean it no I'm over that oh the best
uh razors are the um jewellette pivot I used to use those and then I switched to the triple tracks I like those know triple tracks they
got three blades it sounds funny but they work they work great is that like pecker tracks no seriously what they want to
triple tracks they have three blades well I'll be damn yeah one of them like a few blade just glide right over I don't care what anybody says the pivot I'm
I'm sticking with these these things are so man great I'll use the pivots for for years they're great
they're not bad in fact maybe that would have to be good pull for you to take one day you don't have to build the
pull there aren't that many right what's your favorite blade what do you shave your pubes with how about like sling blade would be good 20
till noon at 560 cubic my and look all this is 420 by 60
Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th 1980 at 1124 pm
while I was recovering bill would put his foot on my throat yank me by my hair and say woman don't spoil her
I said okay Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy that sealed the decision for bill
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry but even more frightening at the age of 15
Chelsea had come back to haunt us she escaped and returned home only to be sold again to a
whorehouse who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them me Hillary
Rodham Clinton Chelsea said come on mom don't do it oh yeah right I said
looking like a dazed boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring she leaned toward me and whispered
in my ear you bitch those are great I bought that book it's 1145 at 560 WQ I'm here's one
it says one day the time Valerie Bertinelli and then the mother never wore a bra it says what
body Franklin never wore a braziate but she was uh old and uh yeah pasty yeah I just
think that's a good way to describe body Franklin she was really like pasty though we in fact maybe
should work a couple of pasties you can probably see him anyway there you go one day the time there's
another one for Eric I certainly hope that you and Eric are having a good relationship here so far
you've got to need to mend your fences with Eric now that we no longer have our computer ace
and believe me he ain't coming back okay right that down right it and granted on the wall he ain't
coming back no way no how is there any chance no no way ran out of lives on his show five callos
oh yeah it's true
haha it's an 80's that gave me no I bet you Miguel is very excited about the prospect
of getting those wouldn't he's not in the room I don't know where he was he got nobody in there came
back nobody I'll be damned we're uh rudderless five six seven oh five sixty well you know
it probably be a good idea if we just both dummyed up here for a minute or two whenever he's
something if he came back in there we thought just silence just do it now now I can't do it okay I
don't have the heart to do that because he's getting married on Saturday he's got enough
brief coming up believe me well hi what work can he have possibly gone I mean like he just got
up and left just got up and left maybe a nature was calling right after that last break
and said see you can't take no more of this speaking of more how are David by the way liar liar
you're old the crusty checkered pantser on fire you should have heard fat rich call me yesterday
oh my gosh what was that all about mo this morning was going on about how uh he didn't we
didn't understand you from the beginning and it was all sticking about it two of you get along fine
you're a liar mo I hate you I can't stand you everybody in a building despises you
and just because Joe Rose has totally turned on you now you're desperately flailing around looking
for an ally and if Scott for all my good close personal friend really had a big pair he'd come
on it tomorrow and tell you what he really thinks it is crusty old fart okay happy about the
over of course right that's right that'd be a good time to do it right there at eight o'clock
at eight o'clock in the am come on here and well he already has told us that the you know the
more how we're david had chosen unlistable that's a direct quote from a for all unlistable that was his
word and he's right is uh Miguel back yeah he's back now where did you go don't tell me you went
to take a crap please no I did that the other break yeah sorry I got caught up in the my other job
oh you had to go out and service Doreen during this last break yes here's a call from Boca hello good
morning Neil how you doing today okay I got a suggestion for your poll and then a story that
occurred on the Joe and Mark show last night okay my question is Lizzie McGuire there's a star
of the star that shows Hillary Duff who's going to be the new Britney Spears but that's my suggestion
okay last night on the mark and Joe show they had a guest dr. duty who gives you the
Egolyn clean stuff so he gives him the stuff they both drink it down and it tastes terrible and they're
saying how it's like fear factor with the horrible taste so then they're reading the ingredients on
it so it says the exactly stool softener milk of magnesia and then he goes sorbitol so it's
that's interesting so I'm listening to the show sure enough about an hour later uh-huh he had a
22 foot stool mark Eisenberg had a 22 foot stool yeah and I thought it'd be interested in the story
how it was it was typical of their show I want to tell you a little of the since you mentioned that
it goes to sure it must be on psychic wavelength yesterday I was out shopping at my a little
supermarket nearby two blocks away and at the you know they always put these at the counter they
put these uh what do they call those things to catch your eye uh impulse by impulse buying things
so they had these all these little boxes of like hard candies and of course when you're fat you're
always on a diet you're always trying to find something that's sweet but doesn't have any carbs you
know and it said no sugar and it has no sorbitol but it had something called isomalt right
and it were like about 20 of these raspberry a little around hard candies delicious great tasting
you know just something a suck on if I can say that and I brought them home and of course
with them I'm sitting watching TV with an hour or two I have sucked on all 20 or 30 of these
uh maybe was a good man these little candies I'm going to tell you something between five and seven
p.m. last night I must have been the busiest man in the province of Ontario I can't even begin
to describe it to you know it's so funny what you said about Joe and Mark show Joe has talent
he's a funny guy I agree with you and but he he programs to the wrong age you program to the 18
year olds I totally agree Mark Eisenberg on the other hand yeah the guy his it's hard to believe
how first of all stubborn he is okay really he kneel he is the biggest piece of crap I've
ever come across in my entire life number one one two one I didn't close yeah not even close I'm
telling you you should listen to the show yeah he wants everybody in jail for the thought police to
this police the guy is a Nazi and and even Joe who has the hold his tongue Mr. Diplomat he would
stab him in the back fatally there be more blood in your studio believe me it would make Carlos
look like a nosebleed like a piker okay like a piker you have a good day thank you too that was my
totally this was going to be great George you have so little faith man these have been this group has
been one of the best bunches of calls because uh huh this is great today I'll give you a
buzz grade well I'm not going to say it's ever going to happen again but you know you just keep
doing it for a hundred years and sooner or later you hit the jackpot don't think that this was
good you hit the pot with this 22 foot three how do you measure there's another guy that says
Mark Eisenberg is see the word that comes to mind I'm going to try to be diplomatic because he's not a
bad I don't know why do I always say that I'm doing the same thing like that woman or whoever
the caller was it said you know you're boring but you're not a bad guy how do I know if Mark
Eisenberg's in ice guy I don't know I'm I've laid my eyes on his fat pudgy body a total maybe
three minutes in a whole time that he's been on the station I don't see him I don't know from him
I'll say it he's in ice guy okay okay I'll agree with you he's in ice guy but the word that comes
to mind is dored the L.A.R.D. dored okay okay which you can relate to that a little bit but I
mean I mean by comparison you're like a whirling nervous you're like a Mexican jumping
being in a heat compared to exactly just like that compared to to Mark Eisenberg he's boring
usually it's terminal and didn't I say that way back in the beginning I was bemoaning the
fire said a joke hostile why have you teamed up with this guy first of all what do you need
another guy you're only on now for three hours anyway two to five in a morning right well you're
not going to get any calls you need something somebody that how was that what was that that well
where did that come from shortcut oh my god that was mark Eisenberg even his laugh could put you
into a coma that was that was that was shocking that was scandalous when I wait man I want you to
play that get you know give your pause here I want you to play it again
nice step down it one more time
because I because I taped it right there I want to make sure I put it in my D I got a hand
that my DCS no that's seriously no I know in fact just to be on the safe side I wanted
one more please folks bear with me to do this on the air I want to make sure I got it extra
special one more time there we go see there you go I got it that exciting we got Mark Eisenberg with
a laugh of a dullard if it's small potatoes you know it's overnight but of course it's
another good excuse mokin blame them like he already has in the past he sandwiched between
cv4 he was sandwiched between two non sports shows now he's got his buddy for real on there who does
do a sports show after a fashion in the clock so we can't blame him anymore so all he could say is
he's failing so badly so desperately because he's following a non sports show meaning Joe and Mark
okay now how can you blame an overnight show and the fact that you got like these
minuscule horrendous numbers early in the morning and then you're so desperate that you have people
calling can you imagine us ever doing that on our most desperate days and believe me we've had
plenty of them yeah can you imagine inviting the audience to call in and suck our ass and then
tell us how much they like us and how everybody else sucks I'd rather shoot myself hey well I'd rather
shoot you too right I'd rather let you but I mean what what kind of kaka is that talk about
desperation kaka although he did have a great line mode this morning we did the crossover with
Scott at the eight o'clock he had a sensation line can you believe I had one color calling and
tell me that I suck this morning I didn't hang up on him and you know something maybe he's got a
point maybe I do suck and I thought to myself yeah now you're talking more now you're making some
sense that's absolutely first honest thing he said in the whole time he's been on a radio station
year and a half almost now does that he sucks am I getting all whipped up again that's good that
place has don't say it's all good or hate when you say that I can't stand it rubber is the only one
love to say that here's Miami hello when is this nobody in Miami hello hola let's try Miami on
three hello oh there he is it took him almost two hours today we're tired and he's in good voice too
five six seven oh five sixty pound he's usually on line six he must have been traveling
frantically line six is busy here's Miami hello hello yes sir hey hey how you doing now pretty good
I have two I have two for you for the pole two oh okay oh well all the other ones though
what's that man what is it that man that man is good you know what I used to you know they had
a cat woman used to wear the tight suit but I'm not sure I can robbing man you know okay the
question that girl was awesome that girl had like a great body go yeah so that was I never
watched and then also I remember I was young but I used to watch you laugh then I never
just I used to watch it just because they'd have the bikini shots they'd have a golden hat maybe
that's right right oh man yeah I love that okay you got it man okay see well Batman belongs on
there even if it wasn't for bad girl or whatever because maybe there's some people out there
watching to see what was in Robin's fights or whatever I know I did although I will say this I
would watch regardless of a tight or not or loose to loose a drag I would I would watch because
it was a fun show still is right camp cute and laughing you got laughing on it again wait
before your time I used to watch those old reruns you did already Johnson uh huh Joanne
Flug I know there's nail art she's she's the only one on our show that I really didn't like
with Joanne Flugue on the cable channels that that you know you get the good ones we get the bad
ones better everywhere while they'll show some of those old shows like on trio or something boy
it sure was not funny wasn't not you right no we all should get the CBC one
important and as nice as this is a lot of people are arguing that well he sure is boring this guy
on the CBC right now he's kind of like Mark Eisenberg this is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
this came out don't use that kind of language around me
a bird of a ball in the room yes I stop it 50 friends when they roll into town they are a sight to see
those five well dressed gay men in a big SUV
the
friends sing and big is laying on my TV those where I for the straight guys are more like five women
to me
they care of your bedroom and throw out your clothes wax your eyebrows but the hair from your nose
they're good at their jobs but to face it to be because those queer
I for the straight guys are more like five women to me
oh they can carry away
with the things that they say
there's no happy and
gay
they're not
they're not
all they can cut like a knife they will change your whole life
you're gay
more than even your wife
by the time that they leave you you're thinking their way
it's no longer a bit spread it's now a new day
and you find yourself shopping for fresh poultry
those queer I for the straight guys are more like five women to me
it's okay
this is the luxury everyone wears the bed now and then look at that
uh-oh it's nice here to say but I don't know
if they're in town please send Carson and his friends to me
c202 at five sixty double the qm it's our big noon to one hour and we got our big one to two
hour and then we got some other hours all the hours all the time well I mean with a jerk
to show around often enough thank god we're back on ten to two I'll tell you that
that's the good news okay and we got that nice two-hour buffer in there we got that separation
from Mo from that crusty old fart with his colostomy bag and his checkered pants
and his dead musk red on his head don't forget be sure go to our website near rogers.com
it can order our best of two thousand two two thousand three cd with all kinds of great
the hysterical stuff on it and the Mo Howard David and the keychain so you still know what's on it
not exactly no you don't have the list no it's uh somewhere it's lost to the hell knows
how how about I because I don't know if this was in time all the crap you can unwrap
all the slime all the time no how about take off those checkered pants that's on there that is
on there I think so and what about oh I know what I know definitely what's on there which everybody's
gonna be playing all over town don't don't don't do yeah I think so right I forget well what do
mean you forget I do a lot of drugs this is it don't we know that I I see evidently he does too a
lot of men amused a lot I guess on town you that I so well that's it's a good thing I cut that
story sure we ran out of time or whatever I am serious I'm gonna tell you I don't want to get
too graphic because it's right in the middle of a lunch hour now nobody ever know because you never
have you never had like a colonoscopy or something like that no thank you but you will you have
something to look forward to and you have to take like a an animal that I'd be for you have to
clean yourself out and when you and when you like put all that water up in there and you sit down
and like there's this explosion of water that comes out I mean what goes in must come up and that
that's what it was yesterday it was it was kind of like I heard the I didn't know he'll all the
that brown water in the canals and Amsterdam that dirty brown water right and all of a sudden it just
came flying out all night going before two hours of isomalt diarrhea last night thank you so much
you manufacturers that I crap sugar free this and sugar free my ass and believe me oh my god
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line over the years
which TV show have you watched most because you thought a regular on a show was hot that's our
poll question today and still leading with 53 votes liars lying through their teeth I never watched
the show for that reason 53 votes you lying sacks of crap you that's out of two 190 votes you believe
it no no Charlie's Angels 39 Wonder Woman 33 they watched 27 Duke's the hazard 25 Daisy May
I dream a genie 19 the real world 15 yet there were some hot people on the real world
what was the other one on TV what was the other show oh road rules road rules how about that is
that small potatoes that doesn't count there was more flesh on real world well good small bill 10 on
happily ever after 10 parfords family is stuck there at nine I bet you Robert Creeper like the
parfords family fact he probably still watches it yeah that sounds like the kind of show he would watch
although David Cassidy was probably a little bit too uh too liberal or too flaming flipper eight
charm seven Dallas seven threes company five start track the next generation five
mod five I don't think avian barbo was so hot to quote others yes big rack oh she had a big rack
yes and what about you have a big package oh no that was be Arthur had the big package oh sorry
that's true leave me swing and low who's the boss for be which three fall guy two Gilligan's island two
ex-files appear party of five finally got one somebody had the hot spurs cut wolf and then all
these other ones on here I don't know why they uh this happens every time maybe they haven't
got to their beauty yet no votes yet for general hospital family ties providence one day at a time
Lizzie McGuire Batman Lampon or Thilver Thoons and will somebody please get charity out of that pit
which he's just about ready to have that baby on passions now see now that's a show but nobody
watches it just because there's hot people I'm sure which there are but they watch it because it's
a hoot and if you had any common sense you'd start watching it I'm gonna know you know you know you know
you know you're going well here's plantation hello and out yes sir hey you got another show with a
good uh whackbacker for you okay that be care of me good choice is that I never watched that's your
ones too hot he's on there yeah okay who else that's it thank you oh I got a lot of you know
than Jan Smithers oh never watch that show one time you know what for its time because they made
fun of radio and a lot of it was right on mm-hmm an idiot general manager a sales guy that wore
bad ugly suits I thought it was a show for nose pickers myself I thought was like you know corny
it had cuteness that's why I never watched it and it's time WKRP Cincinnati we got it down we got
it working on it feverishly up there we apologize Derek don't we no for having him make I would
probably bring off a few calories so probably keep him alive don't forget tomorrow on the show
George is going to spend the entire of three hours before the one to two hours it's been the 10 to
one giving you the blow by blow the emis the complete story of last week's episode that we had
the control the post show because it happened right before the show of course so that whole show
that day was oh really is that oh yeah great deal now that would have shaken me I don't know whether
I could have continued uh if I didn't have that to talk about it was kind of like self fulfilling
yeah I wouldn't have been able to talk about anything else mm-hmm well what what tell did you say about
it we see I told the story and then of course you know an hour later somebody would call up
what happened I didn't hear the story so I'd have to rehash it and you know oh I like those days
when you just keep writing so let me tell you about this candy I bought yesterday when I come out
right I saw what what's that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 TN for
rising wireless line here's Miami hello hey Neil first time okay I got one to slap in that
pole there uh that's 70 show yes yes you got to change my vote 70 show it's got the red
head which you know far now the love it sounds like a weiner to me thank you pal thank you we got
it out got it that 70 show what's wrong with you George I'm slow you're slipping the old man is
slipping yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 TN for rising wireless line I
think we got a pretty good list go now Dan's also got a lot of people out there with blisters on
their uh wrists on their on their fists well five pins will never touch it oh that's right we
got the 54 people out there who never uh watch any shows like that they watch only intellectual
shows they watch television who enrich their mind that's the whole purpose and when which is okay
now and then it seems to me like there's a variety there a few hours in the day a couple of
hours for something intellectual to feed your mind stimulate your brain right stimulate your what
groin I say here's your call from candle hello candle oh hey hello gentle Neil yes sir how you doing sir
pretty good all right I got a schedule for you okay all right buffy with uh thermo show killer
buffy yes buffy good choice yeah man that chicken's hot as hell all right we got a man thanks all right
take everybody buffy the bad parts layer that's a very popular auto punks watch that they want to see
her naked I watch it in the buffy I'm sure you do would like to five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on a 18 TN for rising wireless line still I never watch this show for that reason
got fifty five and we find that you know it's just it's unacceptable is what it is it's ludicrous
it's ridiculous does anybody in the world believe any of these people no no even pressy even
uh you the in fact the more pressy they are on the outside I always said this the more perverted
they are on the inside that's a good point they go those are ones they they close the they close
the drapes up real tight you know they close the blinds they pull down a little uh sash over the
uh window on the front door they lock everything with padlocks interesting and they're and got only
knows they're rubbing themselves raw they've got out the cucumbers and every other kind of instrument
that ever seen the history mankind and they were watching whatever it is that they're watching
like the uh CBS evening news there's probably women out there got the hots for Dan
rather wouldn't surprise me huh I guess I bet there's women out there it sends send them straight
to the cabasco shop when they hear the dance coming on what others all types would at work at I
it's 11 past noon at 5 60 w the qa you know every week over half the customers at
dollar mattress are repeating referral customers because they know one 800 mattresses got the best
brands at discount prices every day of their lives without the hassles of showroom shopping without
the ripoffs too and they know what real customer service is all about because dollar mattresses
ranked number one in the world and overall satisfaction you can't do no better than dollar mattress
1 800 mattress has delivered down to a science you choose delivery day in time to fit your schedule
you get a two hour windows you're not sitting home all day in other words like noon to two one to
three two to four etc and they show up and dollar mattress delivers evenings weekends and holidays
it's easy to see why once people do the smart thing and they call dollar mattress they'd never
dream of going back to a showroom again the lovely and soon to be married McGill recently called
1 800 MATP RES with just a matter of minutes his fiance was pregnant and they got the world
treatment too they showed up on time they set it up took out the old bed for free the works and
they'll do the same for you too and for all you high-end shoppers out there dollar mattresses
a full selection of finest beds available anywhere like the cd crown jewel the surda perfect night
simmins world class and king co-operfect contour and don't forget the dollar mattress now also
carries tempera petic the famous unbeatable Swedish foam mattresses for those of you who are foaming
at the mouth like you know who don't wait another minute call 1 800 was he foaming at the mouth
no oh foaming through the nose 1 800 well 800 mattress column right now 1 800 MATP RES the
easy and smart way to get you a great night sleep or check them on the web if you like at matris.com
the actor has mastered dialects quite like shan cattery from his roles in the hunt for red
October by about us all somebody comes to the untouchable i am a Chicago police and now the
master of ethnic character acting can teach you his secret techniques at the shan cattery academy
of accents the morning students today will work on sounding fritz the pizza for me bonjour would
you have any croissant she will play well the at the shan cattery academy of accents you'll
learn the best accent is the one you were born with now class guess which accent i'm doing this
type uh a Scottish guy close that was my Mexican guy all right now she'll smile me go so whether
you want to do a Scottish Chinese accent a Scottish German a Scottish Iraqi or a Scottish rapper
i'd like to take this opportunity to give a shout out to all my homies in roll today at the
shan cattery academy of accents and soon you'll be able to do any accent imaginable as long as
it's Scottish across 17 at five sixty oh you should have seen prince charlie man he had to kill
son on the high socks and a whole deal hi buddy oh boy see something or what he all in the other
deal with the royals over there with all of silly brits is prince o'william killed bambi
oh yeah he was on some kind of safari in africa with some tribe over there and they were teaching
the local lingo and the local uh whatever and they they're uh he killed the little deer with a spear
aw right while he was over there he became a spear chocker and he killed a little deer and look
they said it looked just like bambi and i there having a big stink about that because the royal
family as you know is always big in the fox hunting and all that crap because you know you get
you get a chance to put on those what do they call them chaps no those are cowboys i think they call
tights tights and kielts and silt and all of that good stuff that buddy had exactly they are
seriously they are the most objectionable people on the face of the earth you think the
French are obnoxious the brits are just objectionable they the oeth are they're genetically challenged
yeah but which one is more gay that's the problem with the brits they're genetically challenged
they just can't have themself they're obnoxious five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
tnt line here's Miami hello he's got those adios oh come on
even though she caught herself in the midstream there she's got a big one
hoping i can see the crews again you get all those uhulios all upset all those domino players
let's see married with children with christine afogates his johnny
showdown i never want to show married with children don't need to anymore
not no more okay get that out there with poorer christina let's see if hope for the sopranos
now what what does that mean who's hot on the sopranos meadow the daughter yeah
but it's allegedly such a good show though but that's okay oh it used to be anyway
oh it's not no good no more the last season was garbage but we'll see it ain't over yet
okay well let's put the sopranos on air okay because somebody went to the trouble to draw many
and mickey mouse on here in a whole deal so went through a very lengthy uh song of dance to send
that facts so get the sopranos on air we got the fifty seven say they never watched the tv show for
that reason because somebody on there they felt was hot because they got turned on emotionally
uh uh overwrought charlie's angels forty two wonder woman thirty four they watched thirty one
dukes a hazard twenty five i dream a genie twenty real world eighteen small ville thirteen on happily
ever after twelve partridge family ten and then interesting you voted for unhappy ever after head
twelve and i voted for partridge family at ten because it was an awful show and you know who i
really despise yes cannot stand since i'm talking about partridge family give me one guess
oh no i don't think any but a douchebag yeah this guy i mean here's another guy with all kind of
drug problems he had and wife problems and oh just every kind of problem besides being obnoxious
beating up transvestite hookers right the minor things like that and every once in a while he
just shows up on these uh different shows is on the other one yeah this uh he just refuses to go
away this makes me nauseous makes me want to puke well given this he does uh answer those questions
pretty candidly when confronted with them really about all the drugs and the transvestite and
uh and everything and guess what i still can't stand right five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty only eighteen t and verizon wireless line don't forget George tomorrow George is going to be
giving you a rundown to blow by blow on the near death experience last week for those i missed it
and then Thursday i'll i'll be back it's just you know it's just the whole Arnold sports
bigger thing first you get angry and then you say then you start laughing you start going with it okay
if there are a bunch of morons out there and this is what america has become what you really has
uh fine what are we what are we here it's not gonna get off our ass right
tell the week you have a crap about california scrawm
per height we got uh uh what is it i was 153 but i think it wound up like 190 something by the time
they finished and then they had to draw the love was like they would do in the lottery to
pick out the letters to is well i i know this is a revolutionary concept but why could they just
put them in alphabetical order when that be all but no favoritism to the people that have
blessed with an a in their name as opposed to you know the Arnold who has a you know an ass and
so it has to be random because people are going to be drawn towards the top names and uh
none and none and none i mean he speaks the language poorly he hasn't got a clue what it's all about
he has his opinions are like uh all over the place just like a president oh you took the
words right out of it just like the president so i'm thinking it's perfect because that's what
america is becoming a nation of adults a nation of idiots except you know what more people like Arnold
and you know you notice in britain man toni blur they got his feet to the fire they got this
inquiry going on and david kelly's death and all of this stuff and you should have seen the papers
over there while i was in Amsterdam getting the the daily mail and all of the independent the guardian
uh they're just just railing for toni blurzaz in an america oh you know so a little white lie and uh
you know maybe uh at least we got sottom uh more as kids or whatever you know whatever
yeah the lady of course we continue having americans dying every single day every day their kids dying
and getting named permanently permanently named and laid right but then poor little Ali
that we were so worried about Ali he's going to get some arms let's hear it probably he's the
poster child now for how wonderful it is what we did over there oh my gosh american public man
aren't to me the timing is so perfect couldn't be better because Arnold is the poster child for
everything that's wrong with america here's a call from bokeh hello hey mil yes sir
oh oh god anybody else nice to really like to watch the bionic woman with lindsay wagner
okay so if you can put that down that'd be good got it thank you thanks probably have a great
back well back bye bionic woman lindsay wagner we got it got it down got it down great five six seven
oh five sixty pound five student and some of you uh fifty seven people have said never watch
the show for every's not too late to start now you never know what you missed well maybe those
people have got the full rich lives as mr ego used to say me they got very very active that could
be it you think that's it they're about all they're better than we are time says on the
faxuses i couldn't wait for you to get i couldn't wait to get home from school to watch Charles
in charge that Nicole Egbert is a major stroke material your greats is Tom you're right Tom
and fat Charles that's a good one because you know who else was on Charles in charge yeah
uh
Scott Beo and Willie Ames now let's see who now is our reading Willie Ames is married to some uh
who now was it of course he's about how old is he now
but third man not older than that about fifty right and what about the since i mentioned
anti-rotic before yeah see i'm surprised you don't know anything about anti-rotic because his
girlfriend is smoldering who the hell's he going with which they kept showing her into
crowd during the tennis to some famous actress or model or whatever the hell she is somebody will
know Miguel doesn't know no idea oh i can't believe it i don't want you to start tennis
why not you're afraid they might boring me i see so you watch you watch ladies tennis yeah at least
they get the grunts you know right he wants to hear those grunts sometimes the skirt flips up well
listen when martina plays man the grunts are really much you get a shot of sweaty wedgie
mm-hmm sometimes we're really genius get some anywhere well some of the some of the male tennis
players happen to be really good looking which i know Miguel see right off the bat he has to do
the scrammer the girl doesn't watch male tennis because the guys are like some look too good like
a mark to a pussy and our own anti-rotic from boca i can't believe that okay did we put that
down Charles in charge we got it that'll give many votes five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a eighteen and three and four eyes and wireless line see the shows that are on now most
the run for about five minutes and then they're you know the same there's so much of this crap
it's it went well the the the the queer eye and a straight guy and the and the uh the dating
this one and the real uh eating uh worms and it's just it's just a little survivor in the failure
and fear factor in the queer factor in a Riley factor i just can't take it it's crap it's all crap
nip tuck on fx no good-looking guys that all you know what they might have some cameos by some
because it's all uh cosmetic surgery nipsy rustle on what no it's a good show well written the audience
talk me into it and they were right nip and tuck nip slash tuck i don't get that here i think
fx you don't really no i don't huh but i do get to drive in movie channel and screen tv i would
trade it and tons and tons of other things that you ain't never gonna see 26 past noon at five sixty
wdc now whatever happened with duck and his karaoke music and we talk about that with the
emerald coaster we're just gonna leave us in the dark nothing happened with it what do you mean by that
and it ain't gonna our operations manager duck Lindsey is not gonna be doing karaoke singing at the
emerald coast another good reason for you to go there and have a great time as you won't be
singing the actually he's pretty good damn good we knew we had some talent somewhere it sure it wasn't
in a radio business anyway the number one agent but fan of world is the emerald coast without the
weather without duck and they have three locations for it they're in sunrise north by me beach
and their latest location is in pember primes you can try one or two or all their six delicious soups
like their wanton and then sampled zillions of succulent entree fxrd man New York strip made order
at the gourmet center which is a sizzling you gotta make a pit stop there because it's a sizzling
asian grill where they feature all kinds of great things for you grilled shrimp scampy style jumbo
scallops racked and bacon and the new seafood saying Jacques and they've got dungeon is crab and ginger
and scallions the handcarp permerive that they make for you they cook the order however you like
it that's how you're gonna get it and the new oriental chicken salad too and don't forget if the
emerald coast you walk out with a big smile on your face you'll be full you're visiting public and
you won't have a headache because they cook with only the finest ingredients only cholesterol free
orals no MSG no cornstarts no crap the buffet the emerald coast features a full salad bar sushi bar
fresh room cocktail and a full dessert station if by some miracle you have room left at the end of
your meal they've got pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh
in sunrise you find the emerald coast pine island of 44th Street they're on Collins Avenue just
north of 163rd north Miami Beach and also at the intersection of flamingo and pember groves in
pemberk pines so take the old family take all your friends book your next business lunch and
whatever it is all-size parties are welcome and let the folks at the emerald coast do the cook
and for you take out and deliver you available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 a lot of
commentators out there when nobody even comes close to the world flaming emerald coast Chinese before
your sports radio 5 6 a.m.
it's a bitch
here's your zen survival guide for watching the movie gilly
relax remain calm repeat to yourself i can watch this movie without vomiting
before the movie ask your ex-girlfriend to give you a zan ex or prosak or whatever anti-depressant
she's on these days devise bigot strategies in your head imagine yourself in your happy place
try a lucho shock therapy take solace in knowing that somewhere in the calahari desert
there's some flea bitons starving kid with west mile virus monkey pox and hepatitis c
getting mauled by an ox that's slightly worse off thing you know that the movie will end and thus
your pain peace and godspeed 23 they are terminal man jalo and ben aflag they make me want to
well keep my guts up they won that poll i talked about uh who you put the poll i saw that yeah
or what it has done and the the kobi thing too oh god speaking of kobi brine everybody in their
brother in the media because it's wishful thinking they're hoping they're praying that they can
whip this up into a frenzy they can milk it for all they can get all the interest in this is
going to transcend the oj thing it's not even going to be close uh what are they talking about
first of all when you come right out of it even you as a sports despiser new who uh oj
Simpson was well yeah he made all those movies the other movies but that that's what i'm saying
in terms of his prominence in americans society to know to compare him with kobi brine is so
ridiculous on the face of it am i right and do you would you have any idea who the hell kobi brine was
i when i started talking about it only because his picture is on my jar of natella which i
do here you go that's it right but other than that never would have heard of it no comparison in
addition which did anybody die in this uh story no no but it's sexual that the fucks thing right
wishful thinking man they're looking for the next big thing to hype the next thing to squeeze
end of bleed and have the nightly panel with Larry king uh uh nancy grace can be on air from
court tv to grace your tv screen hyper ventilating oh god did anyone mention niki cox and unhappy
ever after anything else so she was ever in yeah i think i did this morning before the show
yeah it's got 13 votes unhappy ever after and it's not it wouldn't it would be doing better
as time was small bill niki cox because the show was horrible nobody watched it except to see her
niki's what cox here's a fact that says why is it that i can't see the poor results on the website
i i see it right now i'm looking at mine don't you see yours i see mine i see it i mean the poll
uh uh chantern 59 votes is what mine says by the way no votes yet for
batman laughing general hospital family ties married with chillins
silver spoons trials in charge providence or one day at a time boy that is i think that's scandalous
if you ask me oh anyway the facts was on to say uh after i vote nothing i've been checked later
after the show for the results but like you when you're waiting for Greg reads check it's not there
in addition where the hell is melrose place on another spaxes start to make some sense why is
melrose place under yet it is now is it i don't know and there was a soap opera uh yeah just
the nighttime soap opera but nevertheless i'm sure that there were many people who watched that
show because they had the hots for it there were a whole bunch of very interesting people on that show
i'll take your word for it well what do you mean by that i never watched it oh
how about 90210 speaking to that how people in that show they really hills 90210 that's a good one
how about uh not landing all right right that's a new day right let's see melrose place what was
the guys uh guys named that can uh shoe andrew shoe very good maybe my mind is coming back from the
good from the magic mushrooms in Amsterdam by the way if you go to Amsterdam three or four days
that's plenty and be sure where some really a heavy duty walking shoes you know i've had this
them um heelspur right for months now it's just annoying as hell and i'm going to tell you when
you even with good shoes walking on those cobblestone streets and those uneven pavement over there
it just tears your feet up it's like the end of the world and one more reason not to go to
Amsterdam i mean if you want to go good luck to you the hobblestones the hobblestones are streets
very concerned in mimics is and signed Juan Julio Ernesto Francisco Raúl de Yega de la Portilla de
Jaussene all right so there you go we are straight enough for you we've got melrose place on the
con to come you down five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t and for
rising wireless line did we ever put jag on there yeah well we were down anyway uh i don't know
i didn't see it i just checked through these factors i'm ready to submit can and jag is not on
here oh well in bread from a word hell bread is from bread is going to be pissed off and fared up
because i read it and i said thank you and yada yada and Eric is let us down again
let's play the gal play me my fault yeah Miguel screwed us up
hey Miguel is that a day that game i'm in no he's still in mourning for silla
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty affect a lot of people in Amsterdam
all those roster guys were saying hey can i say yeah this can i say yeah that
you'd actually see co-extency co-extency what do we got uh jeez yeah and the interesting part of it is
they're at least making a they're making a cosmetic appearance the Amsterdam police of doing
something now the first episode i started with a couple of cops hassling one of these
roster roster schwarzger guys in the street because he was you know pedal and the stuff anywhere
and given the old hassle and uh you know and then i saw two plain clothes clubs believe it or not
two young guys one of them very good looking and uh they were writing a ticket to one of these guys
yeah for how much i don't know but they were writing them a ticket what the hell is that going to do
nothing does he ever could see they were going to see him again of course not you could mail it
in it costs a deal but yeah mail it in and then i saw there were two young guys out there
with a couple of these roster guys in the street buying lsd they were buying acid from this guy in the
I'm thinking to myself would you have any idea what the hell this guy is pelling you the way we're gonna see you again
No, probably not with it probably calling around probably both be seeing rolling around on the force somewhere would blunt from their nose and their eyeballs popping up
from their forehead
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on me. I'm telling that night cool man. It's a killer all
You people out there next time you get sick you get a cold watch out taking too much of that night quilt
Here's a lady lady in bokeh. Hello
Hi, I have a lot more you nail. Okay. How about the monkeys with baby Jones Peter fall. I think was his name Peter fall. Yeah, I mean they have four guys on the
I'm the right here. That was co-op right here. Dork my right. They make he dolelands
Michael Michael Nasemith was the other one eyes
Right, I thought they were all pretty ugly though
Baby Jones. Oh my god. I don't like Davey. Yeah, you're right. You look like he smelled real bad
Okay, he didn't manage his finances to well either. Okay. Thanks. We'd all right have a great day. Got the monkeys down. Okay. Here we come
Squirt Squirt they're I don't know they made some interesting music. I'm not saying that there were great musicians because
They weren't but they made some fun music and we read on that absolutely last train to Clarksville sure I love that shades of gray
Daydream believer they do believe I
Could possibly be wrong with that nothing. What's not to like 20 till one at five 60 WQA and by night
You've been hearing us talk about a place called laminants or us and how laminated wood flooring from laminants or us is the easy to smart the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring
Am I right? I knew I was laminants or us is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top makers in the universe
Peridore Pergo Wilson art Uniflorand quich step they've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers to
Here's another reason why I gotta be called laminants or us their prices will absolutely floor you right now you can get their summer special for just
1995 bucks. That's correct just
1995 dollars from the 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively unbelievable and laminants or us will match any legitimate written offer to for a free home estimate with no obligation
Column tool free at 1 877
777 3336 and Tom the geriatric Neal to call what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving to 25 year warranty and then of course years and years of
Beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laminants or us today tool free at 1 877 777 33 36
At all we've secretly replaced this man's regular maple syrup with our brand let's see if he notices
Huh
My waffles just kind of thank today almost like like fish or something but
She's like compelled to eat it for some reason
No, you can be fined if it's east of infogyny in the
From 45 at 560 WQM are big one to two hour comedy bits are coming. How long are we gonna be doing that?
About 30 days now seriously no, we're not gonna do that because the other summer I thought that's what you said the longest 25 right oh
Today's already the 12 that means like two weeks from yesterday. We're back to my five day week schedule all right
I'm gonna be doing the shows there for at least a week. Oh brother. That's sure something to say we look forward to isn't it?
No clean in here now
Are you gonna start up with that again didn't clearance to tell you to cut the crap with that talking about the beater boy and all that stuff?
No need tell you to stop. Yeah, here's your field beach. Hello
Neil good. Yes, sir good afternoon to you. TJ Hooker Heather Lockwood
Okay, and you remember this post on the old women George says wrong show was the fall guy he's confusing shows where she plays the cop?
She was on TJ Hooker. Yeah, I'm sorry. I apologize Georgia's bad either that or I was crazy for four years. I never watched TJ hooker. I knew she was on another show.
George is all screwed up. How about Mrs. Post on Mr. Ed?
And
Quilt while you're a head man have a great day. Okay, a couple Mr. Red on Mr. Ed TJ Hooker got it
Got it can't believe you screwed that up. I don't watch any of these shows anyway. It was me one day at a time sure
I've seen one day at a time would I ever watch it again? No could you admit what I admit it in public? No no
Gilligan's Island what I watched that if you paid me by the second they got that unlike Nickelodeon and crap like that. Jesus how did people watch that crap?
Even way back when when it was new right when it was revolutionary right right just like the Bob coming show right?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless liner been so many so-called entertainers in the history of TV who have been so bad so lacking in any kind of talent.
You know who was really great? Yes speaking of those corny shows and I can't remember which one he was on maybe was on Gilligan's own was Jim Backus.
He was on Gilligan's Island. See like I just said that's what I thought and he was funny. He was great. He was great. He was on I'm Mary Joan like a hundred years before you any of you were even born Mr. McGoo.
Mr. he was sensational Jim Backus. We all liked him back. He's been waiting. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless liner over the years which TV show of you watch most because you thought a regular on the show was hot.
65 you say I never watch the show for that reason you know what we think you're full of crap. Charlie's Angels 46 Baywatch 39 wonder woman 34 Duke's a hazard 27 I dream of Jeannie.
Good old Barbara Eden. I wait for Jeannie. 25 she's still alive right? Thank goodness real world 21 anybody die while I was on vacation that we should be talking about somebody died.
Gregory. I just died a couple days ago. Gregory. He's great dancer. Good.
A guy. He was 56 by the way. 3.
And there was blood. There was a little ugly nobody nobody was into blood. In fact you know who but look like he looked like what's his name from the partridge family from what's his name a lot of people thought flipper was better looking than bud.
He was in fact I think they were related.
Flipper 9 Dallas 8 Lizzie McGuire 7 3's company 7 mod 6 who's the boss 6 Gilligan's Island 5 with a great gym back is and the marginal Bob Denver.
Star Trek next generation 5 WKRP 4 D which 3 general hospital 3 that 70 show just one on earth somebody got 3.
Fall guy 2 X files to bucket of empires there's only got to it's not our demographic. Those punks aren't the listen to show so pranos 1 party of 5 1 by anic woman 1 1 day at a time 1 that man's got one.
And you could almost see it in his tights. Melrose place 1 married with children 1 look at all these shows that have zero is this is scandalous family ties Providence laughing silver.
For the first room Charles in charge Beverly Hills 902 1 night landing Jag in the monkeys none for all of those shows out of 586.
They'll they'll they'll get something one thing they'll get something. Well how could Charles in charge have nothing.
There's something like brings it here to my I'm thinking about that makes me very sad.
Here's a call from Davie hello.
The best show the only one is actually have a fantasy said with every program for just that purpose some of the beach.
Some of the beach every episode had a fantasy. Okay.
You're not did you see that that that's how it's turned show. That beautiful women that this built guy and every episode they would like get together and like I wonder what would it be like if he were noticed jerking somebody off.
I wonder what would be like if we were in a hermit it all show up in costume doing nothing but like regular never saw that show never saw it.
I'm telling you that that you put some of the beach on your foil the whole thing comes to purple.
Okay. Thanks.
Do you ever see that show? No.
Miguel? No.
Put it on there anyway. Let's see what happens. Okay. Because he said once we put it on there.
It's going to blow off hell wide open. All hell is going to break loose.
5.6 I never even heard of it 5.670 5.60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line was Bob a buoy on that show.
No. That's a preview for it and didn't look at it. It looked like it's a Baywatch parrot proof.
I'll tell you what show that I thought was good but wasn't on long enough to put on here because nobody saw it.
Who's what was it called are you hot or who's hot.
That's what all it was about. Are you hot? That was a show that was designed specifically to a rouse your groin man.
It was it and then Lorenzo ripped off how you're going to start ripping Lorenzo Lomis again to and what was the show he was on Falcon Crash right?
Well, why isn't that on there because nobody watched it. The hell they didn't wasn't that but your barber stand right on there.
Exactly. Who was hot on that show Lorenzo Lomis and Tony Hunter too right.
Now don't tell me that just because you have a bug up your ass about Lorenzo Lomis that when he was younger that you didn't I mean even in your macho Cuban mentality.
I'd rather do a Lomis. No, okay. See there you go Lorenzo Lomis may have been one of the 10 best looking men it was ever born.
Okay. Okay. Back in the old days back in the day. How many years ago.
About 30 man at least but you know I again he looks like a goofball to me. He did he never look but now he looks like a goofball.
Yeah, because he's about 75 years old trying to act like he's 30 Miguel is better looking.
Of course right now right now I'll go along with that. Of course I don't I can't see what he looks like from here here.
I'll hold him up to you. Oh, I don't look too good. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Especially after he rolled around on that Smith that was on the floor Thursday.
Yeah, it wasn't anywhere near it. It was me and Scott getting all splattered with bloody mucus. Really? Yeah.
Well in for all case how could you tell him? Yeah, he's kind of a crusty guy.
Fine and I'm not going to dinner with you when I come back Scott. Sorry about that. Now see he's going to take it personal.
And I he's one of those people that if you tell him something he's he's talking he just keeps talking.
So if you tell him I'm not going to I'm not doing dinners. Okay, because I'm on perpetual diet.
I'm desperate to lose some weight. If I would lose that extra 20 or 30 pounds. I've been screaming about for 30 years now.
I wouldn't have heels spurs and all these other things. You know. I just want your when you're fat.
It puts all this extra pressure on your joints. You know. Yeah, I heard that.
And there's nothing wrong with having a little pressure on your joint, but a little bit too much may not be a good thing.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATAT line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, sir. Here's a good one for your gay audience. It's the best show that they rerun sometimes. You can still catch it with the original Wild Wild West.
With either we remember the guy's name. The lead actor Adam James West. I'm not good with name, but I'm good with body.
Was it Robert Conrad? George says that guy. Was it Robert Conrad? That was him. Okay.
Got it down, man. Thanks. Wild Wild West. I'm looking at any votes. Robert Conrad was he was good looking guy. I guess. Yeah.
Yeah. Rugged. Yeah. A little bit too rugged for me. A little too macho for me. Not hard enough.
5 and he went pretty. 5 6 7 0 5. It's not like John Schneider who was real pretty on a very pretty at a pretty silly show. He was pretty.
I'm not giving up on you know. Just it's a hopeless case. No, when you got these cuban. I'm sitting here with two cuban.
Is that a real. I mean, I'm either one of his ever going to admit that any guy ever looked good or was pretty right in like that.
Well, that's good looking guy. I know what a good looking guy looks like. Well, that's good. You know, you're desperate these days.
Yeah. Never watched the show for this reason. 68 people. 16.9% of this audience lie through their teeth. Charlie's Angels 47. They watched 39.
Wonder Woman 35, which I just saw this morning on the action channel. You don't get that either. Yeah. Look at that.
Look at that. Too bad you missed it. Where are they offered? I'd like to give them my thanks.
They departed through the windows. In some case, you do feel. Yeah. They asked me to give you a message.
Boy, should you ever again come up against such a criminal as the penguin? There's the penguin.
Don't you ever get captured in your self. I just heard a call. The police. The job of crime fighting is that.
It is Bruce Wayne with his buddy, Dick. 5 6 7 0 5 60 is budding.
Is budding. Buddy. Dick. Where was I? No list here before I got sidetracked small.
Duke's as of 27 dream. A G. 26 real world. 22 smallville 14.
On happily ever after 13, charm 12, partridge family is stuck on 10. Dallas 9, flipper 9.
Oh, that's what the question I was asking before before I interrupted myself on flipper.
It was like Luke Alpin and a brother bud. And then it was Ranger Ricks. Now maybe Ranger Ricks looked a little rugged kind of like Robert Conrad.
And we're just talking about right. Barely chest. Ranger Ricks.
A big, barely chest. You know, like a big old barrel. You remember that? His chest was huge. He was like broad.
His chest was like a broad. Well, like a flat broad with hair. This is George by the way. He's talking about.
He had the hearts for Ranger Ricks when he was a kid. Yeah. Martin flipper. Flippin it. I'll never forget that call.
I made on Zeta the Luke Alpin. And it was one of the highlights of my mediocre career. That was so so exciting.
Welcome up early in the morning. And he was pretty good. And he's a born again Christian Luke Alpin lives in Fort Lauderdale, which is where they taped most of those shows.
Was it C. World was at it? The aquarium, Miami, C. Query, I see. Well, whatever. He lives in Fort Lauderdale. And he's a good guy.
And spread that born again. By the way, let me just make a suggestion. All the people in the audience out there.
This is very important. You really ought to write this down. Put it in fact like in Memento, write it down on your wrist.
And on other body parts. Okay. And that is that anybody who is a religion, anybody believes that the religion stuff needs to be.
We need to get a butterfly net. I'm not just talking about people who participate because it's like tradition or just a thing to do, you know, like a social club.
But people are really are the religionist. If we could just run them all up what a great place this would be.
Why in local? We're sports radio five sixty. She went to a.m.
Oh boy. It's the one to two hour.
Ladies and gentlemen, the brothers who came.
One, two, three, four, five. Well, once in a row. We know they're not alive because we found my hiding spot in back bed.
And now that they're dead, I don't feel it in a bit sand. They're the things that were so damn sick.
Loads and dumb sons were roasted on the stick. They were vapors. Murderous. Bloodlooms and crows.
And now they're just a memory and I rackety history books. In the end they went out like jerks. I wonder if they finally lost those evil cockies.
They were spurps. Watchin' TV while our hell broke loose. And a mom hit that cup loose.
Big old ugly youth. They finally died. We're little brother who saved by his side. I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his son's or one seat terrified.
We finally closed the book and back to song. They were full of hate and stole from song. Now they're on the hell bound seven trains. Say goodbye to the brother to save.
I know you're gonna think I'm crazy but I'm telling you I hear something I'm sad. Hey, that's just a TV. Don't be so paranoid.
They're not gonna be so paranoid. They're not gonna be so paranoid. They're not gonna be so paranoid.
They're not gonna be so paranoid. They're not gonna be so paranoid. They're not gonna be so paranoid. They're not gonna be so paranoid.
From Elizabeth Taylor, the woman who first brought you the fragrance white diamonds. I'm back with the sensual remember for hours.
Elizabeth Taylor presents white castle. The essence of meat and onions and pickles. It's a sack of sent you'll never forget. Elizabeth Taylor's white castle.
All my men love white castle under the sheets. A fragrance that lingers on and on and on. Maybe longer than you'd like. Elizabeth Taylor's white castle.
Live white castle. Love white castle. Eat white castle. Wear white castle from Elizabeth Taylor in six ounce bottles or buy the sack.
Are you suffering from a wreckle dysfunction? Real man's just not what it used to be. Really? Oh man. What up, pussy? I don't win. You gotta be kidding. You mean to tell me you're just hanging a droopy prune? Wow. You're a sissy. You're not even gay. You're beyond gay, dude.
Would he have someone lift his spoon of corn flakes for you in the morning? Let's face it. If you really need this stuff, you're not a man at all. I mean how many men actually need this garbage?
Three? Anybody who buys peanuts and hamsters just wants to get bigger and stay that way overnight. That's all. There's no real medical use for it. Unless you're a swishy-whose. What do you offended? Hey, we're a pharmaceutical company. We can do any goddamn thing we want now.
Any sh** we got on his shelf will make you think you need it. And guess what? You're so f**king stupid. I can say all this and you'll still run to your doctor for a script. Oh man, what a loser. Probably Republican.
Everyone can be placed for a day. This is gonna be famous. Don't gotta be famous. The money is so pro-plan. The 3500 is something to stop them.
You on Fox right after 101 things removed from the human body. It's 101 things removed from Richard Simmons.
I want to get started right away. Zagnus. Squicky toy. SpongeBob SquarePants. Rolex. Hold it. This is big.
One hundred one things removed from Richard Simmons' butt. On Fox. What do you get?
Sack a bull around the world in a frostbassy. You can look 10th on Chevy trucks that get the tough jobs done even if they have to float.
Sack a bull.
I'm about to double the station. That's the station. Oh, there's a lovely Queen still. This looks like a full spot. My every beach at last.
He was sitting be meeting me. All right, nothing like taking a dip in some manhole. I'll just just just a cup of tea. My balls could use a little vitamin C.
Hey, what kind of body. Oh, that looks like a. Her.
I'm not.
I know. But listen, you know, he want to help me. You think you think that got a knowledge under his tutelage. Well, actually I was gonna ask you.
What? I need a school.
You know when you feel the weight of sadness, you feel lonely and don't enjoy the things you once loved.
Hey, Rex, how's it going, boy?
Oh, my. I don't enjoy you anymore. These are some symptoms of depression. It's off to your doctor about solar. The number one prescribed brand of its kind.
Hi, Rex. I'm on solar. Now, so I'm better. How's it going, boy?
Oh, my leg. Hey, but that's okay. I've got two of them.
Oh, give my ankle back. You a trick star. So locked is not for having.
Oh, the best blood all over the carpet. I was gonna get a new one anyway. So locked.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Show the dark wrinkles on my face. It shots of both dots can raise.
For every A they kind of annoy and don't like him injecting the dead in boys on your hand.
He only adults of this treatment wanted to tell me more would put the six feet under.
Yeah.
It makes up my crossbeats.
And I think so.
Little different.
The other stuff.
One of the same best things by far.
I'm only risk and parallel in it.
So you can take your coat on stock and find yourself another.
So go around there.
One 11 and at five sixty WQM we had mad dog coming up and two.
Do you see who's on a schedule for tomorrow two to four?
Yes. Little dog.
Yes. Joe Rose is going to be out of my just I just mentioned that.
Yeah. I just want to make sure that you promote the hell out of this show.
I know why you're on.
I'm feeling good.
He's our new hero Joe Rose.
Antimo.
Oh, speaking of Willie Ames.
Yeah, I had seen something about this or maybe we read it.
We were talking about it once before he created producers and stars in Bible man.
A Christian video series for children.
He became a religious nut, but it's canceled.
Oh, good.
The aims is this is a second wife.
I've been married for ten years after the cancellation of eight is enough in 81.
Willie turned to rock music and cocaine.
It was only after he read wire John Belushi's biography that he realized that if he didn't
shape up he might end up dead.
At the time he met a second wife.
He had been clean for six months.
Bible man is a superhero who defeats villains such as Dr. Decepto and Madame Glitz with prayer and the sword of truth.
Antimo, I will.
Amen to my direction man.
Who's in front of your Charlie's Angels with fifty?
I mean, to think about I never watch them.
Why even waste our time with that right?
No, those are sincere sanctimonious people.
Not.
Never watch this show for that reason 71.
Charlie's Angels 50.
Baywatch 40.
Wonder Woman 35.
Duke's a hazard 28.
Dream Agini 27.
Real Rural 24 after that kind of small potatoes.
Speaking of potatoes, if you can't eat it because you're on a low carb diet.
If you're on the Atkins or any other low carb sugar-free diet, then here's a story that you're going to love shopping in because it's entirely dedicated to you.
Do you like the West Bokeh?
Number one low carb store in the entire universe with over 900 low carb sugar-free products and stocking.
You can be sure that lots of stacks and all kinds of good things are waiting for you on the shelves.
Unlike your supermarket where it's almost impossible to find these things.
Do you like the West Bokeh?
Is introducing new stuff every month and this month there's no exception.
So what's said on the 10th of June?
Who's account is this now?
By the way, is this Skippy?
I don't know.
Hey, Skippy, you suck.
By the way, I just saw I mentioned that.
You really have blown it.
Anyway, try the new low carb instant cup of soup all you do is add water and microwave it's a low carb meal and a cup.
In four delicious flavors, try the new, outstandingly delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual sized cheesecake.
Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste.
Carbohite ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes.
It's a low carb meal in a can.
The at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars and I want to emphasize these taste great but they have no multitall.
Which means you won't be spending half your day on the can.
Simply low carb muffins in two flavors.
What else did I always going to mention?
Oh, they got the low carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondes, brownies, and all kinds of low carb pasta and sauces, dressings and chips, chocolates and their famous carbolite ice cream too.
You can try it before your buy-emat delights and they've got all your acnes brand products on sale all day, every day.
Delights is open daily.
Every day of your life, 10 to 10, you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glazeds in 441 next to Boston Market.
Call them toll-free at 1-877 Low Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.sellowlowcarb.com.
That's Delights a West Bokets, your official Atkins retail center.
My, my, and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You weigh in weigh in.
A bill.
They take your foodie, means to wait a month.
Maybe I could just like show you a table dance.
I wanna put it on.
It's all night, tear up the town.
I'm gonna slap the judge, I let you feel the gentle curve of your partner's glam.
Out!
I like to move by fighting to the music.
If I said you had a beautiful body, but your kids could play in self-indead, the rounder little...
Just wondering if I could come down in audition to be a dancer.
I feel like I might shake a fart loose.
Let me come dance once.
Got the beetle on out.
Shake it.
Well, smelly guy in Army, it's even to the dance moment.
I wasn't so much a ballerina as a stripper.
I don't want any cries, I want this shape.
I'm surprised I'm having a good dancer.
From the makers of 101 Things, removed from the human body, comes the show so incredible.
So utterly shocking, you may have to turn your hand and then quick turn it back real fast, so you don't miss anything.
More than a decade in the making, Fox presents 101 Things, removed from Michael Jackson.
Bag of Skittles.
Matchbox car.
Well look at this, a harmonica.
Don't put that in your mouth!
Oh no, don't worry, I floss.
Oh!
It's a glove from the Beated video.
Oh my god, it's the manual noise!
Hello, Webster.
Hello, it's corn.
Look at it, it's perfect.
What, a flashlight?
It's the works.
101 Things, removed from Michael Jackson.
Football cleats.
A George Foreman Grote.
And look, a film resumed on Bob-Land.
Hey, it's one of them singing fish.
Dolbyder River.
A bowling pin.
I've only had nine, I've been missing that one.
I wait, this is big here.
Give me a hand.
Oh my god, whoa!
Oh, it's a shell, baby.
It's not a baby reception.
Wow, that one was a little painful.
101 Things, removed from Michael Jackson.
This fall on Fox.
Punchably.
Punchably.
Punched, quit, musk.
I'm� realization of the hairstyle ...
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
My two dead son starring Saddam Hussein, the late Uday Hussein, the late Qsay Hussein,
and George W. Bush as Uncle George.
Uday! Uday! I'm a breakfast!
Ever since those two boys of my work killed, they're always late!
Did it wait?
Good morning, Uncle George!
What's the hold up here?
That type of jackson ain't getting any warmer.
As usual, those two dead sons of mine are nowhere to be found!
I think I know where they are Saddam.
I'll bet they're right out there on the front lawn.
Watch your open the door and find out.
Oh, I don't like to do that, but OK, Uncle George!
I don't see them!
No, no, you gotta stick your head out a little further.
OK.
You'll nothing!
Just a little bit further.
OK!
Oh, oh, oh!
Now that's what I call comedy.
My two dead sons!
Tonight on TV Land!
Right after the newly dead show!
Ooh, you only feared it one!
Your time has come!
We think it's about time you died!
It's a summer!
Ooh, we want to do a life!
Get all alive!
Bear is not a place that you can hide!
It's a summer!
Ooh, you make a sick!
Such a prick!
Time to say goodbye, when you see our law!
Please tell him that we all said hi!
Bye!
Bye!
Woo!
This is the day, your summer!
Come and leave it closer, huh?
A will ya, huh?
Shut this forehead up, you're asin' die!
Your summer!
Hiding in Afghanistan!
The Taliban!
Soon you will be running out of time!
Your summer!
Ooh, you make a sick!
Such a prick!
Time to say goodbye, when you see our law!
Please tell him that we all said hi!
Bye!
Woo!
This is the day, your summer!
This is the day, your summer!
You know, sweetheart, these times we live and have me frighten.
I wish there was a place to go where we could feel safe.
Honey, this might just be the time to move to a bump!
Bump!
Bump!
I thought it was an Egypt!
Right, there's a bump right here in America, dear!
You know, East Bump!
And let me tell you, there was nothing in Bump!
That any terrorist would want to attack!
But what about bump!
Boss, is it expensive to live in Bump?
Bump is cheap!
But we have to act fast if we want to live in Bump!
Because everyone's going to want to move to Bump!
Very, very soon!
But won't bump!
Become a target once everyone moves to Bump!
Oh, get- we'll cross that reddewary come to it!
Okay, Bob, sounds like Bump!
Bump!
Bump!
Because the safest place to be right now is out in the middle of...
Bump!
What if Bill Clinton did indeed get his own TV talk show?
What if the showman...
Live from Chapacol, is the Bill Clinton show!
With special guests, the author of that,
comedian Karatza, and former speaker of our house,
Mad Gengrich, I'm your announcer, Al Gore.
Now, please welcome the Prince of Tune-Tain,
the Master of Memories,
the King of Crotch,
the man who knows Victoria Fleeckrett,
Bill Clinton!
Thank you!
Thank you very much!
Bye, it was hotter than a chubby intern on the phone yesterday!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Alright, so that...
My first guest is the leader of the PLO,
and his favorite group is ELO.
Please welcome a sweet talk and ma'am,
Yasser Arafat!
Everybody, right here!
So, Yasser?
Yes, sir?
Is there any way we can solve this whole thing?
I don't think so, sir.
Let's say I send you over a couple of queens of King.
What do you mean I do not understand?
Sure you do, buddy!
I'm talking about Flusis,
Huchis, Zipper Monkeys!
Well...
Loosen your tablecloth and think about it.
Meantime Scoot over!
My next guest is here!
Al, thanks Bill!
Our next guest is the former political machine.
He's got snow on the roof,
a fire in the furnace,
and a bug up his butt.
Please welcome...
Newton Gengrich!
Alright, mate!
Welcome there, buddy!
How's things by you, Newty?
Well, my new wife's got a colesome leave, and her.
Good for you, you soulless bastard!
We'll be right back with care and tops!
Stay with me!
126 at 5.16.
Here's the fact that it's as anybody's heard in the WLRR
and WPBT have been running and rerunning
Silia Cruz concert specials for the last few weeks
is really getting ponderous as a daring and dense.
Her influence in the world of transvestism
cannot be overstated,
especially here in South Florida,
near the airy illusionist,
which is the PC term from Adora,
to define the cocks' base.
Is there her look on Silia?
Who are these people?
Huh?
And also it says,
what does SN agree to Kay Va Kamenando?
Is that a girl that's coming?
No!
Mean, is it something about a black woman?
Yes.
And that black woman that goes walking?
Is that a girl that's coming?
That little black woman that goes walking?
On Aglita?
Yes.
I see.
127 at 5.60.
Your bilingual and bisexual station for the Anuwa Maloneyam.
If you're in a dead end job,
it's college to expensive.
You just don't have four years or a whole bunch of years
to sit around waiting to find a life.
But if you can't afford ten bucks a month
to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months,
you can get out of your dead end job and find you a real career.
Because our friends at Fast Train can help you achieve a new, high-paying computer career.
That's right.
Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals to qualify.
So call Fast Train toll free at 1-866-Fast Train.
And with four locations all over South Florida,
there's bound to be one nearby you.
That's convenient to where you live.
There are in Pember of Pines for Lauderdale, Miami, and in prestigious Kendall.
Call Fast Train today.
You'll talk with a Train Career Counselor.
They offer you a day evening and weekend schedule job.
Placement hands on training too.
Call Fast Train right now.
You got nothing to lose but a crappy job.
Call 1-866-Fast Train.
Fast Train's the fur payment is valid for a year.
Regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break,
somebody that really crappy, underpaid dead end job.
Or you're just looking to increase your net worth.
This is the smart thing to do.
Call Fast Train.
Tool free. There's no obligation.
Call 1-866-Fast Train.
Or check them on that wicked worldwide web if you like it.
Fast Train.com.
My high school student.
I love this. This is Fort Real 560.
Way to A.M.
Remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
Bye bye to my piece of the pie.
I'm going to get a little bit of a
good news is that cheap blue herself away.
Cause everybody knows that it's LA.
They let murderers walk every day.
Yes.
Another last of her side thanks to your psychopic wife
who had a stupid face like Brin.
A news radio was a main show except that you were there.
And some characters from the simpsons and laws.
Their laws.
It's not all that fits your life would have lasted long.
But she left you no choice.
Good by joy, big claw.
That you made a front such.
Films as I buried an expert a rumble of hands a gun.
And honey I just blew your head off.
Now Lionel Huts can't get rid off.
She's dead anyway.
Saturday night has fallen further.
In the case instead the reason you let any way.
And the substance you die.
Cause of your psychotic wife.
With that stupid name like Brin.
And the simpsons will never be the same again.
And assholes like your hesitant preacher box.
So right.
It's a good thing she said.
Cause now they can't defend that bitch you had for a while.
And she's dead anyway.
And she's dead anyway.
And she's dead anyway.
And she's dead anyway.
And she's dead anyway.
And she's dead anyway.
And she's dead anyway.
Where is it?
So if you think you're part of.
There's people that you will stuff.
You won't find things that are rough in the guidey family.
Grandma's Cape got blown up by a missile.
And falling from the sky over Kabul.
Laying in her sack she heard the whistle.
And I'm done to the back of her pet meows.
She's a real girl.
Slowly rolling through the desert.
And I'm on the Arlesia.
Naked from her head to toe.
And her swipe only.
Somehow she had a skip.
I heard.
And I'm on for Grandma.
And Latin had no more clothes.
And I'm done to the first time.
Roll that meow like she was a man.
I'm mad.
I'm mad.
As the sand tells in her face.
And squirted by the Taliban.
The sea old woman headed for Osama's place.
That's because Grandma's Cape got blown up by a missile.
And falling from the sky over Kabul.
Laying in her sack she heard the whistle.
And I'm done to the back of her pet meows.
And I'm on for Grandma's Cape.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'm done to the back of her pet meows.
In a place that fell just like the bad day at the zoo.
If she's got back dressed in dress,
I dream every week she would.
If she wanted to bring us up for that land.
It seems like you gotta do it just like CNN
Why is this as usual sound like the Palabite night?
Hey, girls, but don't wear packs that's a Palabite night
Tell about that, and we'll take you back
Run as well, we'll go back to bed with time
I want to dance, we'll go forward
Let's make commands that are performing
Is friends might get like, directions of my neighborhoods
When I called Paul talented
His cute killing was delivered by 9
And as a bright example he send it to the cameraman
And use a bump all the time we met in the gunna sound
And dance like the Palabite tonight
enta precedes crossbright
One of the great lines in the history of the human race smells like a bad day at the zoo.
21-2, don't you love that?
That's one of my favorites.
Only the sick Bokobrank can come up with something like that folks.
Okay, how's that pool coming over the years which TV show have you watched most because you thought a regular on the show was hot?
I never watched the show for that reason.
74.
Uh-huh.
Okay, 75 now. Just changed again.
Just to prove their point.
Charlie's Angels 52.
Oh, you know, when I left off my three sons that played before that gradey, but forget about it.
That's just for you.
I know.
It was.
Charlie's Angels 52, Baywatch 42, Wonder Woman 38.
Dukes of Hanzo 31.
Maybe somebody thought Fred McMurray was hot, but I doubt it.
I think they made it 39.
What?
And Fred Merch.
The real world 24, smallville 16, unhappy ever after 15, charmed 14, flipper 13, clip it, Luke.
Partridge family 10, Dallas 10.
Everybody else is in single digits.
Although, this even choir went on her late.
It's got eight.
And it's great.
20 till two.
We got the mad dog who's great.
He's coming up at two.
The Humper from Ashulah's at four.
Go watch him eat Marlins game tonight.
Any K at 10.
Joe and Mark overnight.
They're working on it.
I think they're starting working real hard.
And it says in a copy year that summer's over.
Is summer over?
Well, not yet.
Read the number.
They are barbecues and no more vacations.
Is that true?
No.
This copy is pathetic.
Anyway, if you want to lose the weight, it doesn't make any difference whether it's summer time,
Sookas winter time, fat people, all of us, we're constantly working to lose weight.
We try every diet under the sun.
If you want to do it the easy way, do what the beast is doing again.
How's he doing, by the way?
It says he was lost over 50 pounds.
I have to wait a minute lately.
When is this copy, oh, they crossed out the date?
92, 2002.
Oh my god.
A choice, dreadbird, man.
You are an asshole of this guy.
He's always studied like a really kind of like a hard worker, like a real guy.
You like to rub on a bald spot, you're like Buddha.
And come to me.
He's just another one of them.
Anyway, here's the deal.
The beast has lost over 50 pounds of balance for life.
He's back on his black sack.
And the reason that it works is because it's so simple.
Even for simple things like him, it's a piece of cake without the cake because
they let you choose between two alternatives for every meal.
You fill out a little menu once a week and there are two choices for each meal.
And we're talking three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks every single day.
Five feedings a day and they come in little black sack,
which they deliver right to your door every morning by 6 a.m.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carb counting,
just fresh delicious goodies.
And the beast did tell us a couple of weeks ago the food is now better than ever.
So here's the deal.
If you're tired of being overweight, out of shape, lethargic, diabetic,
walking around wearing pep-pup tents instead of real clothing,
let balance for life help you lose the weight and keep it off once and for all.
Call them today at 9.5.4.568.3229.
When you call, be sure to mention that choice grant for the jackass.
9.5.4.568.3229.
You'll start seeing results within a matter of days.
You can get more info too about the great program on their website at balanceforlife.com.
5.6.6.6.6.6.6.
The radio's on your phone.
You win!
Those checkered pants.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
do it, do it all right, gonna go round and round right, gonna go round and round right, you see.
So I would not feel the most fooling.
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union
Just bold and then stroking away.
For me, Kelly, you're not my guy.
Just sounds like a nine-year-old kid.
And only a macho-menly guy.
You don't know me.
That makes me lift my wings.
It's a joke with a lover of mine.
I bury my oldest baby nose.
Inside his imply rear end.
No, I would not be a sport-old.
If I was not a closet of fame,
That's why a ginger and more gay union
would make me feel guilty.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, ginger and more gay union.
That would make my sorrows only a spill safe.
If we had a ginger and more gay union,
Then they wouldn't have to get me raped, did it?
Just sit right back in the smoke gun.
Join and take a big bonhear or two.
Ever since he was on doby,
Somehow you'll always do.
That he was a great big smoking man.
His hits were strong and true.
Without a lot of God-ja,
He would know what to do.
He would know what to do.
Little times they started getting rough.
His tiny buzz was tossed.
If not for the courage of the old male man,
His package would be lost.
His package would be lost.
And then the police came knocking,
Just diskilling him again to smile.
And downkilling him.
The bag of weed.
A little cocaine and a pipe.
A water bomb.
And out to foot in and jail.
All on Gilligan's car.
Well, we were out on our first date.
After eating at a Mexican can't pay.
Probably where drive it is my car.
She let one's go,
That almost blew us both away.
I asked her to do cut the cheese.
Then she heard me.
I was going around to look at the exact girl's house.
Girl's house.
Girl's on the part,
But I think the older her,
The aided through my clothing and my hat.
And so I rolled the window down.
So I could get some air.
And it felt like something died in there.
Girl's on the part,
Girl's on the part,
She kept on telling me that girl's on the part.
But I knew.
I heard another deadly squirt.
Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back.
With just a matter of time,
People are another attack.
So I asked her to do is okay.
Then she looked at me.
Then she had to say,
Well, it's girls on the part.
Girls on the part,
Because I can't see the girls on the part.
But I do.
Girls on the part,
Girls on the part,
Because I can't see the girls on the part.
But I knew.
But I knew.
But I knew.
Hey, look at that schedule.
I'm Thursday, by the way, George.
I'll be the other room. I can't see the schedule.
One o'clock.
I always love those marlins.
Oh, yeah. You lucked out.
You as a bride.
Would they curse my name?
Huh?
If I parted in heaven,
Would I stand the shame?
If I parted in heaven,
Would the Lord she smell?
Send me straight to hell.
Yes.
Or can anybody smell?
Up in heaven?
Up in heaven?
Just gas at the same.
Doesn't linger in heaven.
Would you be ashamed?
To hold my finger in heaven?
I know these things.
When the flat lady sings,
Cause I'll be the one who brings.
Cheers to heaven.
Cause I know I'll be one who brings.
Huh?
Cheers to heaven.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
This is Joe Boyle, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
This month on ABC, get ready for all new blue.
And more out of work, child actors.
Any civilist, new partner, stack from Save by the Bell.
Dies in We Cree, only to be replaced by Screech from Save by the Bell.
As he don't have that drink, I'll show this for Bell please.
Then Screech has a run in with new lieutenant Larry Bud Millman.
Hi, I'm I drunk.
In We Crive, Mitha new team of top cops.
George W. Bush and William Jefferson Clinton.
I love you, Harlem.
And I don't have interest.
And in week seven, Fred Re Runberry takes the role of Sergeant Skizzy from Internal Affairs.
Hi, hi, hi, hi.
All new blue with all old actors.
This month on ABC, my fellow Americans, we've entered a new era.
And this new era requires new responsibilities both for the government and for our people.
And we realize that for the first time ever, we do not believe women should be educated
or should have health care or should leave their homes.
People are going about their daily lives working and shopping and playing as shallow materialistic consumers
who care only about getting rich or getting ahead.
And this is good for America.
I'm encouraging school children to kill all Americans and we will prevail.
Good riddance.
MTV presents 9 inch nails unplugged.
I want a f*** you like an animal!
Damn it, this thing's not on!
How come this isn't working?
What you threat you knocked over my bonge?
9 inch nails unplugged only on MTV.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescer nation and the only one that's growing now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and O-S-N-N-T-R-W-E-N is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
3,000 people killed.
I now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after sent down to Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in Latin but no one seemed concerned all.
Company and complacence believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservation.
Thousand provoked battle ants, world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in halibur, too, with no objection at all.
Timber crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade watch pants.
I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
Bye bye bye!
The middle watch is shown on 5-sevene don't you hear me? I'm Miami for more days.
That damn fat guy, I can't stand him.
