Hey, Neil, the hockey news came out with a cover.
I know you do as bitch.
Listen, eight guys in the NHL.
The dog hit her right, man.
He sports shows with these 85 minute breaks.
You're out of your mind.
Are you kidding money maker?
You run 45 million, come out.
You do commercials for dead people.
We have 18 minutes an hour on your phone.
Oh, that's one of the good audience.
Oh, all spots radio.
See, we thought it was all sports radio.
They left the RR.
It's all sports radio and sports show is man dogs right.
You're right.
I spent the day yesterday.
I spent the day with the man.
I guess they had the touchdown club with all those money makers.
That was interesting.
And also again about how you spent the day with the man dog
at the touchdown club.
I want to hear about that.
Eight guys in the NHL that need to be great this year.
You know what they put on the cover?
Is Eric Lindross.
His career's over.
The Leafs won five-three last night in Hellstinky.
I didn't like it against Yokeert.
Whatever it is, Yokeert.
Here's the players they think they need to stand by.
They're a little finished girls team.
Byron, the fro.
They're finished.
Yarmere Yager.
This idiotic article you sent me from Monday by the way.
It's all news about the people washing their hands.
You wash your hands after you're killed.
I wash my hands whenever I feel like it.
Okay, depending on what I had them on.
But anyway, it says here Reuters Toronto International Airport.
Even you know it's Pearson International Airport.
What a bunch of morons at the Reuters.
They probably work at the Sunsettle.
Do you know that the Sunsettle still hasn't discovered
that Don Cox died on Monday morning?
Yeah, they haven't discovered it.
Do you think that big NHL going straight next year?
They still think that...
What do you mean do I think they're going to do?
They're going on strike.
They're going to have a lockout and maybe for two years they're saying now.
Wow, so it will be a 2005 NHL.
2005 NHL.
2004 NHL 2005.
Possibly.
No way.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
They ain't nobody say.
I swear thisortou can't.
I think they play out, so see you's laughing.
balance blue's one nothing.
It's no different for losing 14 of them.
My hand, why would you know?
My hand, why would you know?
You won't sleep well.
There's still only one game in the, uh, in the extended so it's just a big flop.
They had 12 games left.
Do you think they'll make the playoffs or not?
Yes.
And when they do should I have a party, a cave egg on it and team up?
Sure.
All right.
I dropped in on the floor, I was turning blue.
I died right after you.
I was every thought that I would die at the same time that Johnny's met her with you.
Shuffee ambulance door.
Shuffee ambulance door.
There's nothing else you can do.
Johnny and I are three who will take your back on the leader and pass away with the boy name soon.
I think I may have caught something when I think to say summer's that day.
I always thought you were a fool.
Well, let me show like you're blue.
Oh, it was daily time and from the alcohol and in the cocaine.
I was a star of the two.
And that were broken into two.
10.07 at 5.60 WQ and that was in very poor taste when you agreed.
I enjoyed it though.
I tried a lot immensely.
So anyway, we got the short show today because we're not a ballgame arena.
But we got our big Wednesday one to two hour.
And now that we got abbreviated a condensed first segment here because for all I can't how it's time it is.
Of course, it was pretty important stuff there in the last segment.
No, no.
Who's the biggest nerd of them all?
I think I figured out how to solve Eric's dilemma by the way, George.
Because Eric's acting up again.
No, no, he's got a lot of other stuff to do.
I mean, we're small potatoes.
He doesn't make any money off our website.
It's a labor of love.
He's doing it here.
But on these days when we do like two polls like today, when we do the preliminary one and we're building the second one.
Yeah.
Even though it'll cut down on the number of votes, we don't have to put the second one until the end of the show.
Okay.
You see what I'm saying?
There's no reason why we have to follow.
No, you're right.
We have the show poll and the post poll.
So we compile it and then we put it on Earth, the other show and just one quick facts or email over to Eric and he slaps it on it.
And that's it.
So he doesn't have to devote all his precious time eating time.
I mean, working time to the near-ranges website because we want to maintain a great quality we've had on Earth thanks to your close personal drug addicted friend.
Who's the biggest nerd of them all?
We asked yesterday, what is a long list here?
I don't have time to read them all.
We'll just do the double digit ones.
1153 votes.
Bill Gates wins hands down your pantaloni's man.
People hate Bill Gates and they can't stand Microsoft and all that crap.
They want him to just die a wicked death.
Bill Gates 234.
Carrotop 117.
Woody Allen 97.
George W. Bush 91.
Rick Riley 47, who's been off the air for a long, how long have you been off a couple of years now?
That's about right.
I think that's pretty good 47 votes for being off the air that long, but they remember what a nerd he was.
Paul Schaefer 39.
Al Gore 35.
Jew Lieberman 33.
Joseph Gaki 32.
Oh, I forgot to ask God how come he sucks Joseph Gaki's ass. Don't even forget tomorrow.
Uh oh, you're supposed to remind me, but we were sure it on time because I've already went up for all in Joseph Gaki.
Can you believe how long that break went on?
Yeah, I believe it.
Three minutes after 10?
Why are you just giving the whole first segment?
Fine with me.
Less work, more pay. That's my motto.
He can go till 10.30 if he wants.
Shabwool is dead. Good enough for Howard's sperm. It's good enough for for Ralph. You can go till 10.30, baby.
Just let me get in the spots.
Joseph Gaki 32 Ben Stein and Brian Orcross each had 31. Adam Sandler 29.
Screech had 29.
Geldie had 29. He was a later dish. Nice going, Geldie.
Oh!
Tucker Carlson and George Willich had 24, a couple of right wing assholes with bow ties.
Ross P. Roe 22.
Mike Lupica 20.
Bob Costa 17.
Sean Headley and Matthew Lesco 16.
And J. Feeler 16.
What a big years.
Alex Pingapakania 14.
Rick Moranis 12.
Clay A. Kintin and word Al Yankovic 10.
That's what Clarence said this morning.
He wanted for the new year. More Anus.
He said they yesterday too.
He said every day. He ain't getting it though.
He ain't getting much.
So that's our yesterday poll.
Now here's the first one today.
As we're poll intensive.
Climb on it.
Now that we got the official announcement by John Edwards who's got a
Chanaman's chance in purgatory.
And now Wesley Clark General, Wesley Clark's going to throw his hand on the ring today.
Right.
Why do they use that expression?
You ever thought about that throw his hat into the ring?
What a stupid ass thing.
It comes from some assholes.
Back in the days when he used to wear those big fedoras.
Right. Remember the godfather Michael had that big fedora?
Is that like if you wanted to participate in the boxing match?
When he came back to CK, when he would have class outside of school,
he had that big old fashion for the runner.
Yeah. That was a really fashionable very gay hat.
What's important, K is that.
How are let's see. Who'd you like to see as the Democratic presidential candidate next year?
And here's the list. I think I got them all on her.
And we don't want any names of like Hillary people that are running.
Little Bush.
People that are running.
Howard Dean, Wesley Clark, Julie Berman, John Kerry, Bob Graham, John Edwards,
Al Sharpton, Venice Kiss and it's Keralmozly Braun.
I don't care. I'm for Bush or I don't care.
They all suck.
I think I got a cover there, don't you?
That's it. Did I leave anybody out?
That's what I should say.
That's actually running? Right. Anyone really?
No, no, seriously. I even put like Keralmozly Braun on her.
Nobody knows who that is.
Al Sharpton's kind of a joke, but he's running.
And let me also say this, the FDA sucks.
I just want to mention it.
Oh, look at this. 14 more suits.
So priest and church. Where's this? The Cincinnati.
Jesus, this stuff is just pouring in here about the god damn priests.
The most important story of the day though is about.
It's a 90's, that gave a coming out of the door.
It's a 90's, that gave this to Bob.
Oh, you're rolling.
Oh, you're rolling.
Just to show you what a banana republic stuff Florida is.
Sweet.
Dolphins, plant tributes, acnes, and cruise, it fills match-up on Sunday.
How do you like that? I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Are they having a tributed to John Ritter?
No. No. Are they having a tributed to Johnny Cash?
The Audible. I bet it's going to sing any Johnny Cash music Sunday at the ballgame?
No.
But only in a banana republic, baby.
They're doing it again.
The dolphins have announced plants told a tribut to sauce a legend.
Celia Cruz during half time a Sunday night's game against the bills.
But that could be an ugly game, man.
Cruz's husband, Pedro Knight will receive a dollar.
Do you think he's keen to Sunday night?
Or receive, I guess it's confidential.
Well, receive a dolphin's jersey during the tributy which will include a performance
by Latin Grammy nominee Victor Manuel.
To obviously he's not from Cuba.
Better not be.
A cruise 78 out of a brain tumor July 16th,
the Cuban exile was immensely popular in Miami.
So much so that Kaya Ocho, the main street running through the city's Cuban community,
has the honorary name of Celia Cruz' way.
I thought that dressing in drag was the Celia Cruz' way.
If you don't know the answer, you'll see the world.
You'll see the world.
You'll see the world.
You'll see the world.
You'll see the world.
The tributy's part of a Latin theme-dited pro player's day to honor
of Hispanic Heritage Month.
I didn't even know that. Did you with Hispanic Heritage Month?
I had no idea.
Are you proud of Hispanic Heritage?
Oh, yeah. I got the flag painted on my face.
Well, I would be proud too unless I lived in South Florida.
Then I'd be embarrassed.
Anyway, Marty Centron leads singer of the Latin pop group.
No mercy, a sketch of performed the star-spangled banner before the game on acoustic guitar.
In addition to 150 fifth graders from venture-print elementary school at Haya,
will be on the field for the halftime ceremony holding flags from 20 Hispanic nations.
No picket of eye English, okay?
So there you go. That's what's going on Sunday night before the bills trounced at Alphans.
Well, probably be one of the most embarrassing losses since that 62-7.
Was that the score at Jacksonville?
It was pretty bad.
No, no, wasn't that 62-7?
You know, now that you're on the payroll, these ambiguous answers aren't going to cut it.
Let's get right to the chase.
I am Alphans.
We're now welcome Senator John Kerry joining us from the Moyni-Democrat of Massachusetts,
now an official candidate for his party's nomination.
I'm by dad. Don't get there up.
Don't have some phone calls. You're watching Larry King Live.
Denver, Colorado. Hello.
Senator Kerry, how will you pay off the deficit?
You're going to have to kick back in more money now.
And by the way, we're going to penalize every family in America.
Port Gritchie Florida, hello.
Senator Kerry, is it true that you used to work at Sears as an American?
Oh, absolutely. You have 19 years experience.
Olympia Washington, hello.
Senator Kerry, what will you do with healthcare?
I had healthcare because I'm the United States senator and I could afford it.
And that's why I'm going to see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got.
We can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money.
The reason we don't have enough money, Larry, is because I party.
Gardner Massachusetts, hello.
Senator Kerry, how's the healthiest?
Are you really nice to ask?
I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way.
Thank you, Senator. We'll be seeing you again soon.
Thanks so much.
Senator John Kerry now an official candidate for his party's nomination.
Can 19 at 560 WQM, so somebody immediately faxes this in, which we thank them profusely?
What is the meaning in the origin of the expression to throw one's hand into the ring?
When you throw or toss your hand into the ring, what you're doing is informing everyone that you're willing to enter a contest.
The expression these days is normally used in politics when somebody throws his hand in or into the ring, he's announcing to the world, he's a candidate in the coming election.
In other words, he's contesting. Here are a few examples.
Renuka is seriously considering throwing your hand into the ring this time.
Arjun, this is from the Hindu newspaper in India. So that's why we got these Indian names.
Yeah. Arjun is tossed his hand into the ring. This should make things interesting.
I would sound people out of the four throwing my hand.
The expression comes from the sport of boxing in the old days whenever somebody threw his hand in the ring in boxing, it implied that he was challenging the boxer, he was willing to fight the person in the ring.
A well-known boxer, John L. Sullivan, used to go through this ritual every time he fought.
After defeating his opponent, Sullivan would toss his hand in the ring. This was a challenge to the people in the audience.
If the man who challenged him was able to reign on his feet to the end of the bat, then Sullivan used to give him a prize.
They were not too many occasions when he actually had to pay the challenger. How do you like that?
So the original meaning of throwing a hand in the ring was to challenge it was only in the 19th century the expression took on a meeting it has today announcing one's political candidacy.
How do you like that? And probably has something to do with hat trick and hockey too when you think that's not...
No. Probably not.
Anyway, I love this fact. This is a very good stuff.
Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson prayed on the Christian broadcasting network based in Virginia Beach that Isabel would turn from the coast.
He asked God to put a wall of protection around Virginia Beach and East Coast. In the name of Jesus, we reach our hand in faith, commanded storm to cease its forward motion of the North and turn and go out into the sea.
Robertson prayed on the 700 Club. Is he got any chance of that happening? No.
As he continues moving north-northwest at about nine miles per hour.
In fact, I'm thinking right now I have a psychic vision that it's going to go plowing right into Virginia Beach and right up Pat Robertson's ass.
How do you like that? You can only pray. If you ask me, that's what I'm praying for.
Oh, in the name of Jesus, in the name of...
Damn, God.
Let's pray that that storm that they eye the old brown eye of Hurricane Isabel.
Why is it that every time I say that? No, I start thinking of...
Let's see if that grew. I can't stop. Every time I start that crap, I just can't stop playing it, you know?
Newspaper, Newspaper.
Now, the enthusiasm of Sunday night celebration, and tribute to Celia, maybe temperate somewhat when a PA announcer doesn't answer the crowd officially, it has been determined by the autopsy that Celia was a man.
But that's beside the point.
I guess people discriminating, people already knew that, didn't they? I guess.
So, Pat Robertson says he's praying for it. Now, a lot of people dying. That's why I've played those, I'm dying over here, things a lot of people dying to drop a light flight.
We can't even keep track. In fact, the sun's set. Seriously, I don't want to go to aap on it because obviously
South Florida is so insensitive anyway. They don't really give a crap. We didn't have one call from anybody since Monday
I announced that anybody saying, well, you know, Don Cox was a real personality and it's really a shame.
I was only 55 years old. He died in his sleep. He was up there taking care of his ill mother in Jojen, Atlanta.
Nothing because the people of South Florida are callous and indifferent. So maybe they deserve this come sentinel.
See, even if they would even if Duff wouldn't have emailed the information to Tom Jicke, which he did. He told me that again this morning.
Even if he wouldn't have done that, they could have ripped it off out of the hero, which wouldn't be the first time that they've done that.
Sure, but no, because when jury Williams died, did they care? No, when the casper died, did they?
No, because Tom Jicke or one of those guys might have to do a little homework and talk to a couple of people,
which is so much more difficult and time-consuming than just writing a puff opinion piece about some bogus fall TV show that's going to get canceled in three weeks anyway.
See, I think you're the one that's wrong. I see keep presuming that Tom Jicke is a radio writer. He obviously stopped doing that.
No, I just said Tom Jicke or somebody. I'm assuming him because he's supposed to be the long time long standing radio TV.
He made one of those hands of that. But he washed his hands. Well, maybe he was a person in an international airport.
What a crocker crap. You know, this is the kind of stuff that makes it and they newswires. Oh, 96% of the people at Toronto International Airport, which it's not called,
are washing their hands as compared to like 75% how about some of the Pakistanis and Indian people? Are they washing it? No, and you can believe me.
You know, I've brought that up so many times over the years and people refuse to acknowledge. I guess because there's so many parochial people in the US,
they refuse to acknowledge that people's diet and their skin pigmentation result in a different aroma. You know what I'm saying?
Right. Sure. Because it's very easy to say, well gee, they haven't seen a bar of soap in 15 years and that's possible. I guess by,
I think there's like a pigmentation thing like people from India and Pakistan. Ooh, you don't say not not all. Like curry.
Kid curry has something to do with it. I'm sure he did. I figured it out. Him now that is good buddy done.
Cost is that on Monday. At least I'll say one thing for kid curry is not making that an excuse to screw off. Okay. Like Greg redid.
Oh, gee. I'm all broken up about Cox. I can't deal with that now. But we did get Scott on a payroll. He's got the paperwork filled out.
He's like a step away from the payroll. It's coming. Anyway, guess who died? You already know because you fact he's right. I got too
a magic. I'm going to go. Let me show you the other one first. The one that doesn't really bother me all that much. I'm not broken up about it.
Garner Ted Armstrong, evangelist known for the world tomorrow in Tyler, Texas.
Evangelist garnered Ted Armstrong known for his work on the religious TV program. The world tomorrow died Monday afternoon
complications from pneumonia. Mr. Armstrong 73 died in Tyler hospital. His son Mark Armstrong told the Tyler morning telegraph. Here comes the best part of this story.
Just like Pat Robertson, we cannot fully understand why the healing we begged for was not granted. Mark Armstrong said in a written statement. I know that my dad fully expected that his work will continue.
And we've all got a enormous responsibility to make certain that his work has not been in vain and that his voice will not be silenced. Yaddy yaddy yaddy yaddy.
Mr. Armstrong found the church of God or national in 1978 after his father Herbert W Armstrong. The late father of the worldwide church of God
excommunicated his son from the church based in Pasadena, California. He found the Garner Ted Armstrong evangelical, even evangelistic association in Tyler and 78 along with the church of God or national. Yaddy yaddy yaddy.
How do you like that? Yeah, that was the original one was Herbert W Armstrong. I forgot about him. Hope and then we had Garner Ted and now we've got
no mean either. Maybe God was busy. Maybe he was maybe God was working on attribute for Celia Cruz. We would be doing a van head by the way for the best of the
other death. This is really sad. Vulker Brian is going to be all broke up about this and all the other old parts like us too.
I'm willing. Shabwoli died. Oh no. Veteran actor in Westerns like high noon who also recorded the number one pop.
The purple people leader has died. His wife said he was 82. This is a Nashville.
Woli suffered from leukemia in 1996 was hospitalized Monday at Scarlett Medical Center in Nashville. He had just paid respects to American music legend.
Johnny Cash on Sunday. It was just his time to go said his wife Linda. Woli who died Tuesday appeared more than 60 movies.
Acted in some 50 TV shows and recorded pop and country songs on a big screen. Woli appeared in most of the westerns beginning in 50 is credits
included high noon as a whiskey drinking killer outlaw Josie Wales war wagon distant drums man with other star giant and
Hoosiers. The purple people leader about an unidentified flying object sold three million copies in 1958 as the number one pop record.
We got it. We got it. Oh, there it is. I thought I heard what goes. Look, I'm doing my job. Don't get crazy.
One big guy. If he said one big brown eyes are we. It was a one I'd one foreign time.
People. Okay, that's a cheboys dead purple people leader. That's enough like I said. Kill it. Thank you.
10 to 10 while we play more, but we don't have time because for all got us back back into a box here.
1027 at 560 WQM announcing a gigantic humongous 2003 near Ranges Blowout Sale. It's going on right now.
At Halak Potty Act GMC talking my good buddies Tom Limon and Joe Prado were offering it lowest prices in the universe.
Here's Neil Deal number one. Save up to $7,000 with the highest rebates of the year plus deep, deep discounts.
Neil Deal number two get 0% financing for two five years and listen to this. You can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 for just 279 bucks a month for 36 months.
You get 12,000 miles a year and only pay $2,000 out of pocket. You heard right. You pay only 279 bucks a month.
Halak's also got great unbeatable deals on UConn's and it all is waiting for you right now.
And as you always know, Halak's got the best selection in town, a certified pre-owned car structure SUVs that you can depend on.
No lemons on the lot. And if your credit is a problem for it, if it's embarrassing, if you have a blemish or two or 20 or 30, no problem at Halak.
They'll cut you deal. It's the 2003 near Ranges Blowout Sale. It's happening right now as I speak.
At Halak Pontiac GMC, you'll find them in the same great spot they've been doing people great for over 35 years, which is why they're still around by the way.
134-01, South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on these staggering Neil Deal's Covent Neil Deal Hotline Tool 3, 1-Tribal 8, 5-3-4-40-11.
1-Tribal 8-5-3-4-40-211, don't forget all Neil Deal's have the decredited Provell C, our friends at Halak Fort Details.
And Halak Pontiac GMC, who are professional grades.
5-1, the local of this city is 5-6-1. The radio's on your side.
Q-A-N.
The un-the-binator republic, baby. Only in Miami.
She was a community icon. In a community that needs tonight, God. As far as I can't tell, she was the fantastic iconoplastic.
Celia proved.
And Goliath William Records presents the dulcet Bolivia sounds of Celia Cruz. She's dead, you know.
She was so beautiful.
She was a young angel. She's got a boy. If I were a guy, it's a girl. If you were a baby, we are a angel.
She's got a boy. If I were a guy, it's a girl. If you were a baby, we are a angel.
Celia Cruz. Who's so such a lose for you?
A bellable bell. If they're teased, you see the employer.
So I'm keeping my eye on Isabel. And I'm noticed that if it just takes a slight jog, you know how these things wobble
first to the west, first to the west, first to the west, just a slight jog to the east.
It's going to smack right into Virginia Beach.
Oh, I just went to the east. I'm praying. I suck it by the chicken.
Oh, Jesus, please. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello.
Hi, Nihalee. How are you doing?
Pretty good. How are you?
I'm fine, thanks. I'm calling to see if you can kind of pressure me,
yell, and to put 10 pointing a location today.
Because then like rearranging my days like a meetup wherever he's going to be.
I don't think he's going to be anywhere today except in the orifice and the Marines or office.
Because you mentioned on Monday he would be out in the van on Wednesday.
Well, that's what they keep telling me and they keep stalling it off.
I foresee a real mitigated disaster this year in our fundraiser because they're just,
we always get leftovers. We get nothing.
This radio station gives us absolutely no assistance whatsoever.
Well, maybe you can use some of your pressure there and get them out.
Well, where would you like them to be?
I'm going to groward. I don't care.
How about that, Shalette University in Broward? That's always a real popular spot.
Fact that's right by where I'm at right now.
That's what I'm saying. I'm going to work on it.
Okay, great. You have a good day, Neil.
You two, thanks.
All right.
There you go. Miguel, the University in Broward to Shalette says one of our most popular spots.
Across where the cops used to make the coffee but that can be insurant.
They're no more.
No, that's too bad.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Oh, well, that's kind of my, uh, neighborhood University in Broward.
Right across from me, once popular, Broward Mall.
I'm right down the street from the once not so popular, Macy's Mall.
Does anybody really ever shop in at Macy's Mall?
As always, Jan with cars.
I haven't been there in so long.
Probably just the people who worked there.
No, the last time I was there is when you did a fundraising appearance there.
Right, and it was like nobody there.
That was your birthday.
That's right, Dan, the gigantic birthday cake.
Nobody was there because Ruan was there in a stanchilla.
No, sure, they were screaming running out of there.
They got with the eyes of there.
What is that smell? What is that smell?
It was screaming.
Rack them.
Well, whatever part it was.
Anyway, here's the first poll.
It's up there now and we're like, like I said,
74 votes, Wesley Clark 21 Howard Dean 15.
I don't care.
They all suck 13.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 8 10.
28% of this crowd Bob Graham 8.
Al Sharpton 5 John Kerry is scary three.
John Edwards 1 0 for Julie Berman.
Boy.
That's because the Orthodox Jews have been in this show and the thank goodness.
Dennis, considered maybe they're out there rubbing their tisses together.
Dennis, considered it's none and care mostly brown has none.
Isn't that a shock?
No, so.
So then now the poll that we're going to work on today during the show.
And like I said, thanks again to Mike and Cooper City or wherever it was.
It wasn't Cooper City.
Where was it?
I don't know.
Mike in the Yenem's belt who faxed yesterday.
Coconut Creek about dead people because it really pisses off Mo.
Absolutely.
And we do polls on dead people.
We still have this gigantic audience and he has no numbers at all.
By the way, the trend tomorrow morning at 1130, the Arbor trends for June,
July and Augusto.
It's going to be really pressure packed.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm listening.
It's going to be heavy, heavy, duty.
Trust me when I tell you.
So the first we're going to do a series of these polls on dead people.
And then we'll have like a dead off at the end, right?
The place that that dead political figure by the way,
Schmidt Candidate idea had Eric.
That was a really bad idea and quit interfering with programming.
See, I saw his dilemma right off the bat tonight.
That was brilliant, by the way.
Then I have it to sit there for all four hours and adding and throw.
And also for you emailing.
All of a sudden I can just email right to tell us at the end.
And then they have plenty of time.
They got like a whole bunch of hours to vote on it.
And it also leaves the first poll up there.
Whatever we do, we can do a whole bunch of polls.
I've done that.
So you say in one day, oh my, who's your favorite dead political figure?
JFK, this is a list I got so far.
JFK Martin Luther King, Thomas Jefferson, FDR,
Teddy Roosevelt, Abe Lincoln, or Bobby Kennedy.
I think that's a good list.
Dave or starter.
Don't you?
I like it.
I mean, somebody probably said William Henry Harrison.
I don't have enough sense to come out of a rain.
I like that.
Tippy canoe and Tyler too.
Do you ever see pictures of him?
No.
William Henry Harrison?
No, I mean, I'm having paintings of him.
I wouldn't even see pictures.
You would see painting, right?
Like grizzled old white-haired guy in a,
look like an old troll.
Speaking of old trolls,
14 men yesterday sued the Roman Catholic
arts sciences of Cincinnati, arch-Precipitial,
Polargic and the Reverend Lawrence Strip Matter
of Kettering, Ohio bringing to 24 the number of man
claiming in lawsuits that Strip Matter sexually abused them
as boys and arch-stices covered it up.
In fact, let me find my story from the Boston Globe.
Here it is, before I finish with that story to let me forget.
In the month after releasing its much-anticipated
new child protection policy, I made 30 of the officials
in the arts dynasties of Boston quietly revised the document
to curb access by alleged victims' abuse
to records of church proceedings in case of accused priests.
Preces.
That's like breakfastes.
The revisions which church officials say were necessary to correct
ambiguous language in the published policy
of drawn criticism from advocates for abuse victims
who fear of backing away by the church,
a backing away by the church from promises of greater openness
in such matters.
The changes to the policy were apparently made
without the knowledge of members of the commission
appointed by Cardinal Law to help crafted
or members of a second their lay advisory committee
charged with overseeing its implement.
In other words, in quiet behind closed doors
they're trying to like do everything they can to hush it up.
Anyway, getting back to Ohio.
The 14 men referred to as John Doe's numbers 11-24
in the lawsuit filed in Hamilton County Common Police Court
say they were abused by Strip Matter between 1960 and 1988
while he was working in Cincinnati,
including a stint as principal of elder high school.
Always be nice to your elders.
Strip Matter's 24 accusers are seeking four million dollars each
in damages a total of 96 million.
The Arthas Dice's Assigned Strip Matter now 70 to be
associate pastor of St. Albert the Great Church in Kettering in 1988
after he was removed from a Cincinnati church
because they substantiated abuse allegation
and required to undergo inpatient psychological therapy.
And it goes on and on and on.
It's a long story.
I'm sure that's only the beginning.
Another one of those isolated series of incidents,
another isolated 24 and just with that one priest.
And it goes on like I said it on and nobody cares.
Just like Dick Cheney who keeps lying through his teeth,
here's the latest one.
That only go on meat to press on Sunday and lie about the
connection between Iraq, which now Don Rumsfeld,
no less than Don Rumsfeld says,
oh there's no link between Iraq and 9-11.
What?
Really?
Yeah, the Defense Secretary Don Rumsfeld said yesterday
he had no reason to believe that Iraq saw him who's saying had any hand
at the September 11 terrorist attacks in the US.
At a Pentagon news conference,
Rumsfeld was asked about a pool that indicated nearly 70% of respondents
believe the Iraqi leader probably was personally involved.
I've not seen any indication that would lead me to believe I could say that,
Rumsfeld said.
How do you like that?
I'm shocked.
Yeah, a random act of honesty.
Now Vice President Cheney, who of course is in addition to that lie about that,
the former CEO of Halliburton companies received hundreds of thousands
of dollars from the company and deferred salary payments and taking orifice,
while asserting he has no financial interest in the company,
Senate Democrats said yesterday.
Senate democratically to Tom Dashel,
the South Dakota and Senator Frank Lautenberg,
New Jersey said the revelations be enforced today.
Oh, you know we left off the pool,
Dick Gavhart.
How about Bob Graham?
He's on there.
Dick Gavhart, George, make sure that they're okay.
I'm sorry.
So easy to forget about Dick for some.
Senate democratically to Tom Dashel,
the South Dakota Senator Frank Lautenberg,
which is he said the revelations be enforced and need for hearings about the nobid contracts
for reconstruction work in Iraq,
that Halliburton is received from the Bush administration.
On NBC's Meet the Press program Sunday,
Cheney lied, a Cheney study had severed all ties with the Houston-based company.
Kathy Martin, a Cheney spokeswoman, confirmed that Cheney had been receiving payments from Halliburton,
has been, but she disputed that a statement on Meet the Press had been misleading.
Right.
Cheney had already earned the salary that was now being paid, Martin said,
adding that once he became a nominee for Vice President,
he bought an insurance policy to guarantee that the deferred salary would be paid to him.
So it's just, you know, it's like a chess game, you know, like a shadow boxing,
like a shell game, like they do on prices right, you know,
where they move the thing around under the appena shells.
That's what he's doing.
He's moving it around under the Pena shells, old Dick Cheney.
Just unbelievable.
In fact, one of the bedtime stories that we have on our website today is about the fact that
this president has lied more to the country than any president in the history of this country.
And I think that whoever wrote that is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
19 to 11 at 560 WQM.
We got a pristine schedule.
The Marlins who had a tough 14-nothing loss in Philly last night just got it's doubt.
They'll give it another shot tonight.
We got the Mad Dog at 2, the Humber in a studio 4 to 630.
Marlins on deck 630.
Marlins at the Philly 705 to try to recover from last night's annihilation.
80K follows the baseball game in June Mark overnight.
That's our schedule.
If you're on QAM.
If you're on schedule to start getting your hair back,
there's only one smart way to do it to come.
I've got my girlfriend Chuck Alphyr.
It is a zillion guys out there.
They're lined up at your dough right now.
They want to sell your pills.
They want to sell your propitia.
They want to sell your dead muskrats and weasels.
They want to give you every kind of song and an answer to get you to buy their hair system.
Well, here's the deal.
Charles Alphyr is the best in the business because nowhere else can you get a more natural,
better looking piece than from Chuck Alphyr.
It's a very affordable price too.
So if you'd like just like a little bit of hair back,
or you got a big shiny bald spot,
whichever the case may be,
Charlie's the guy you want to talk to.
And you have nothing to lose but that glaring oozing ugly bald spot
because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
If after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels you're not getting all kinds of action,
Charlie give you a full refund, though questions asked.
So call today and mention my name and take advantage of your $200 near Roger's discount too.
Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks.
Here's the toll free number 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log onto that prestigious worldwide website at CharlesAlphyr.com.
2 a.m.
2 a.m.
3 a.m.
a.m.
Dick Clark sucks just watch Bulleye for Columbine.
You'll see the embarrassing attempt that Michael Moore had to interview him
about his slave laborer in Michigan.
He saw certainly place to hear that his restaurant in Basav went out of business.
Let's hear it for Dick going under.
1048 at 560 W.A.M.
Speaking of that after battling to a virtual draw on same-sex marriage yesterday,
the Liberal Canadian government and Canadian alliance agreed to rematch at the ballot box next year.
The divided Liberal government's plan to legalize gay marriage barely passed a critical first test,
but it did pass as MPs voted 137-132 against an alliance most to preserve the traditional
definition of marriage as one man and one woman.
And they said, uh-uh.
Just barely, I watched this matter.
I watched the vote.
Yeah.
And they like stand up in a mudder and rubber-beat-butter-boop-butter-bass-cilly.
Where are silly wigs like the Brits?
No, they don't as a matter of fact.
Not like Cedar Cruz.
560-560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miami, hello.
No.
No, not today.
Maybe next week.
I'll think about it.
Miami, hello.
Miami, when is this?
Yes.
Elp.
Cedar Cruz line, yes.
Is this your dad?
Sounds like me.
They always talk about time talks.
I grew up with him in the 70s and 80s.
Listen to his shows.
I think we were awesome.
And the guy always had a smile-white smile on his face.
Right.
He'll be missed.
I mean, he's party.
Oh, we party.
Yeah.
So, anyway, you got one here that kind of sad for his loss.
Well, thanks for caring enough to send your very best.
Are you the only one?
Well, that makes one of us.
And don't forget time jick is the douchebag.
Thank you.
Time jick is an asshole, man.
He really is.
You're showing your two colors last year or two, Tom.
You're a real schmuck.
Talking about having your finger on a pulse
of what's happening in the community.
Here's the guy that was on here in that market for like 20 or 30 years.
And it's not like we're talking about somebody who, you know,
who left the air 20 years ago or something.
You know, I was outside out of mind that kind of thing.
No, like Jerry Williams.
Maybe there was an excuse there, although I don't think so.
But in this particular case, here's the guy that anybody in everybody
who grew up in South Florida, New Cox, on a radio.
And the stunt sent, they'll can't be bothered giving the information now.
Jika, you're an embarrassment.
You're an idiot.
Okay?
I'm embarrassed that they actually let you fill on this radio station
because you've lost it.
Whenever the hell you had it, I don't know, but you sure as hell have lost it.
What in the right is nothing about what's happening in the local community.
But nevertheless, I mean, what am I getting excited about?
He's consistent.
He at least he's consistently out to launch.
You just, you know, and this is supposed to be a freaking newspaper.
No.
That's why I keep telling you people, man, if you had a real newspaper in South Florida,
you'd see some real changes, but then never going to happen.
It'll never happen.
If you had a real, like a tabloid, like we got the Toronto Sun here,
even with the right wing politics, but it's like a real newspaper.
If you had a tabloid in there, put the goddamn Sun Settle in the hair right out of
the window, put them to shame, put them on a back burner.
A real newspaper with some people who had balls and weren't pandering all the time,
and writing a bunch of puff-piece crap, and who could afford to like
have some real writers in there as opposed to these high school stringer kids that they have
there right, 95% of the crap.
And these dottering silly guys that used to write about dog racing,
pretending to be TV and radio critics and experts.
But nevertheless, here's a call from Davie.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Yeah, I didn't know that Tom Cox was real.
When did this happen?
Sir, it's...
Died Monday morning.
See, this up visiting is sick of my there.
Where do you have a heart attack or something?
You just died in the sleep?
Wow.
What if I have a stand major?
He died, but nobody told him yet.
It was his career that died, I guess.
I don't know.
He's still fumbling around.
Okay, just curious.
And he still owes me that money too, by the way.
Well, it looks like Larry King owes you $50, right?
Exactly.
All right, take care.
Okay, you too.
Well, there's a guy who seemed mildly interested.
Who's your favorite dead political figure?
That's the poll we're building.
They all are with them.
We're not going to any suggestions.
Because there's so many, but nevertheless,
just the piss off Moe.
JFK, Martin Luther King, Thomas Jefferson, FDR,
Teddy Roosevelt, Abe Lincoln, Bobby Kennedy.
And let's say here Moe.
Let's hear Moe, okay?
In the meantime, pull number one.
And now I see we got Dick Kabbard on there right away.
Now, now, Eric can just sit back, have his brunches,
take care of all of his other important paying customers,
and just forget about us, right?
Okay, even though it is a labor of love.
171 votes already.
This is shocking.
Who would you like to see as the Democratic
presidential candidate next year?
General Wesley Clark, who's announcing
the day 45 votes already.
And you want to know why that probably is?
Why?
Probably because they think he can win.
Do you think?
It would seem to me.
I voted for Howard Dean, who's got 32.
I don't care about those professional Jews who are faxing me
all that crap about they don't like his position on the Middle East.
Like, suggested them is Coxalhoist, okay?
Take a good, very amenable.
Can't hurt.
I don't care.
They all suck.
30 people say that.
Bob Graham, 25.
Too bad BDI Bob does never chance.
He's said all the right things, but he has.
In all the wrong places.
Remember that song?
Sing all the right things in all the wrong places?
I don't care.
I'm for Bush.
22 people say that about 12.
28%.
Al Sharpen's got seven.
John Kerry, who looks really scary.
He's got four.
John Edwards has got two votes.
He's got less likely.
Yeah, John Edwards.
And what's wrong with having a president
who can talk to dead people?
We do.
He'd be perfect for South Florida.
Arzt talk to Jesus.
Dennis Gussinich has got a pair.
Dick Gemhart is, we finally put him on.
He's still only got one vote.
Julie Reminds got one.
And Kramos they've gone out of 181 votes.
She's got the big.
Oh, who is she, kid?
Now why is she spitting her wheels?
What's the point?
What is the point?
Why is she wasting our time and our energies?
She didn't even get reelected in Illinois.
Oh, by the way, my kudos to the, uh,
who is in Illinois?
Is it the governor?
That did what?
And also the mayor of Springfield,
a Massachusetts who are like doing business
who are getting prescription drugs
for the city and, uh,
nah, it's not, it's not the governor.
But for, uh, public employees from Canada
and the FDA is fighting a tooth and nail
because the FDA sucks.
The FDA are a bunch of grave robbers
who are embedded with the pharmaceutical companies
that who want to continue ripping off
the public in America and all over the world
and especially the old people.
You're getting it.
We'll get it out, rip them out.
And so now the FDA is trying to back up
the battle.
He was on this morning on CNBC,
the mayor of Springfield,
mass who's saving his city like eight or nine million dollars.
They animate all these budget cutbacks
and cutback cops and all these other
because they didn't have the money.
They didn't have it in the budget.
It's not he's going to re-institute all those positions
and get more cops and more public fire people, etc.
Because, uh,
they're saving eight, nine million dollars a year
buying prescription drugs from Canada.
And the FDA says,
oh, but do we know about the quality
or these drugs safe?
The same guy them stuff made by the same companies.
Okay, it's like saying,
oh, how can the people in Canada still be alive?
I mean, we don't know if their prescription drugs are safe.
One kind of crap is that.
What a lame excuse to try to pull it over.
They eyes at the, uh,
and then the public course in America says,
hey, screw you up.
The FDA, we want to save the money.
We'll take a chance.
We'll take a chance on those drugs
from that dangerous third world country,
Canada.
Right.
What a, what a shame and a scam.
Try just mention that in passing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, last week you had a poll about, uh,
the world's most dangerous men.
Yes.
And you lost, uh, uh,
a good opportunity for whatever you're a little bit.
Do you have that, uh,
outgo scene, uh, one that goes,
ew, like that?
That's, that's, that's got nothing to do with
alcohol, Steve.
You mean,
ew, what is that happening with alcohol, Steve?
Kim,
Jung,
ew,
there you go.
Pretty weak.
By the way, how many Holy Ours are going to be
at the dolphin bills game on Sunday night?
About 30 minutes.
I see.
I don't understand that.
That whole
this pandering thing that just never stops in South Florida.
I could understand if it was like the Sunday night
cock fights or something like that,
then have a big tribute to Celia Cruz
and have all these Holy Ours.
And those beginning lace people come in there
and do their, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Hoochie Coochie and with the Marachi band.
But at a dolphin game,
you know, I mean, what's the point?
You got like crack crackers and juices,
the dolphin crowd.
Aren't they just go to Fort Lee where she was living?
In fact, they used the old Jews.
They like those free-salt teens.
They get along good with them crackers.
I beg your pardon?
Aren't she just go to,
why don't they just go to Fort Lee?
I mean, she loved the Latin community,
but she was living in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
Well, there's probably a lot of teenos
in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
No, there are.
What's the place in Jersey where they have all the Cubans?
What's the place?
Rawway State?
No, no, sir.
Oh, come on.
I'm serious.
There's a place in Jersey that's loaded with Cubans.
What is the, uh, where is it?
It might be Bayon.
I can't believe that between you being from Jersey
and George being Cuban,
either one of you knows what I'm talking about.
What is wrong with the,
the people?
People from the,
the Jersey.
Well,
Fort Lee is in Fort Lee,
Nielts,
Fort Lee.
There's no Cubans in Fort Lee.
1057 and 560 W.
You know, I'm just,
I'm working alone to the,
have the feeling I'm just like in a vacuum,
which is fine with me.
It's okay.
Because I'm starting to feel a little bit unclean,
especially now that Scott is on the payroll,
or very close to it.
Uh, you might want to reconsider, Clarence, okay?
Here's something you want to reconsider.
That is, it's calling anybody
beside dry concepts to clean your carpets.
You'd have to be out of your mind to do that.
Because there's nobody comes even close
to doing the fantastic job at the great deal
that they give you all the time.
Dry concepts is the number on
carper cleaning company in the world,
which is why I've used them in my prestigious home
for over 20 years.
And you ought to be doing the same too.
They do us to pendus unbelievable job
of making even the schmootsiest looking,
carpeting look brand new.
And I've dry concepts off as you a chance to say,
15% of your next carper cleaning.
I don't know when this offer's going to end
because a toy strap or refuses to tell me,
but you better take advantage of it
hop on it right now.
Just call dry concepts at that usual toll free number,
1-800-248-5071,
has to be put on their stand by list.
Then dry concepts will call you next time
they have an opening in their schedule.
Just like when you fly stand by,
if you're available when they have an opening,
they'll knock 15% off the regular already low price
and don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price
before they start the job.
So call dry concepts today,
whether it's your carpeting,
your furniture, your draper, your poultry,
all of these things,
and as we put them there stand by list,
they may even have an opening for it the day that you call
and you'll still get 15% off the price of the job.
1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper
just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
1-800-248-5071,
or check them out on that wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had
just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had
just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had
just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had
just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
you won't believe how they can make your carper just like you had brand new laid on your floor.
3-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history,
hello, oh, I just have to say that.
I'm on a swing for you, I don't want to always dream, no,
oh yeah, hit the ball, why sweeten it?
oh, you mean this ball, I thought you said,
oh, you run no faster, you're gonna have a rough time, raping me now, huh?
I got the PT bag in the ball, watch it.
Good idea, open your mouth, and see, watch my ball, watch my cat ball,
watch, oh, you'll miss this part, and watch it.
I love it all three at five sixty W to Q I M like I would just end I always love those
yeah I was speaking of how the bitter end now what do though this show on a playboy TV
where I was called double entry what do they talking about a hole in one or two
I was going to say anyway let's get back to the important business this just in from
the George Neury website art bell returns to radio as weekend host of coast to coast
a m.
I this is a puff piece press release obviously it's worth it in a enthusiastic manner
art bell the radio personality known for his spontaneous and compelling conversations
about all things unexplained or replace Barbara Simpson as weekend host of coast to coast
a m the program he made famous broadcast live from one to five a m Saturdays and Sundays
with a refeed from five to nine a m from his home in pa rumbe Nevada beginning September
20th pa rumbe that's that's I thought that was kind of like the sounds that all the funny
nutty's like mold that's everybody how room when they hit the ground bell oh I hope
so bell stated for me a return to radio is both mysterious and reassuring uh-huh
in fact you know something I think they got a call before yeah I think that's appropriate
out too we welcome our back to the weekend microphone said crack kitchen president and
COO see oh oh oh of premier radio and others his return reflects a law his long standing
bond with this audience and his undying passion for radio and all we can say is yeah
oh who the hell are you people kidding man the space crowd listen you know something speak
on a space cadets it wasn't that the beater boy they used to listen to that crap yes what
does that tell you should know he was a space cadet he was out of this world five six that
we have we had one suggestion for our dead people pull this may not go over well at all
in the mold they see I told you nobody wants to talk about dead people they sure want
to talk about you a lot most you must be right on the verge who would you like to see
his democratic presidential candidate next you were asking our first poll two hundred and
nineteen votes westley clerk general westley clerks announcing it is already way ahead
62 votes and the amazing part about that is how many people really know who he is so it's
either the fact that he's a retired general they think he win or the factor so disillusioned
with the other ones or both of the all these things they saw that meet the press or they
saw that tremendous performance on meet the press which is once you do a good job on
air he ate Tim russet for lunch howardine 41 he's like 20 behind I don't care they all
suck thirty five bob Graham is in uh... if this thing change it again uh... thirty three
I don't care I'm for bush thirty thirteen point one percent of you people mental defective
al-sharp to eight john carry seven john Edwards five then it's the city's little Dennis
with a bad hair piece got a pair dick have arts got a pair julie remains got one one vote
for julie brimman and carol mostly brown still don't have any of somebody please vote
for carol mostly brown even some white person please just just so she don't feel bad you know
and it was because if you don't get any votes on the accused of being racist wrong here's
here's a call from bokeh hello hello yes sir
i don't think i have a you know the face of looking for in the jersey i think it's called union city
right union city thank you so much
it's full of guanacola mera like yours of course and uh... i tell you what the
you can put my body for what the park he's going to you he's not cute on how's the bush
i don't he's gonna kick his ass
absolutely i he got my vote and he is gracias and they go
i'm not the big million times
that's the cameo vita's okay so the good news is union city new jersey how come you didn't know that
i don't know from new jersey well scouts opposed to know from new jersey
just because i landed in new year you say that she was living in far rock away
no for me no ahead i'm sorry so Miguel is going out they postponed or whatever
where do you want to go right we want you to go to the cell station on the corner of university
and broward boulevard in prestigious plantation you know what i'm talking about on the northeast
corner there i get sure to find out when he gets there what do you figure it out you've been
there many many times you've been there's uh... uh... thirty man what's wrong with you well i got
your under a lot of stress just i've i had a sniffed arenas orifice i'd probably be a little
bit nervous too oh what a thought that is i i i probably want to withdraw that can i withdraw
no delay
no i'm just talking about he goes in here and he like checks for like bombs and things like that he's
like a dog bomb sniffing balls he has to go into every morning at nine a.m. sniffed the reins orifice
make sure the coast is clear anyway our van hit is today and that lady ought to be really pleased
in plantation i went to bat four she's right in the hood so you have like at least one there and
i'm sure you're good a lot more but our best meal CDs and the more Howard david it's absolutely he
changed and all that good crap so what time you're going to be there he's uh... leaving soon and he'll
be there before new he'll be there before i want your office before noon if you're not all i have
you thrown out remember that line in the network remember that yeah i just i'm sick i'm a sick
person i have to admit i've got these lines in my head i can't i can't uh... he raised them i have
this mental illness i have all of these things in green in my head just for example this morning
uh... sky was talking something about paulie sure you know and i said uh... paulie wants to have no
more you know i just i can't stop everything ties into the godfather everything ties into uh... the
godfather network all of these things it's the hub of the universe so it's infectious i can stop right
or like somebody i know would say i'm infectious you are he's got the crud man he's got that crotch
rot so my gal will be there well let you know what he's going to be there it'll be soon so head on out
head on out for Howard Boulevard at university on the shell station he'll be there in a qm van
you can't miss him if you realize to him i give you a little peck on the cheek he says he's not a
just hope of course that he does he does a little this dream after doing durin five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and horizon wireless line see now it's too bad that they
don't have one of those shows on playboy we could like pretend we're replaying the audio
oh see i don't dare when they're talking i don't dare leave that on
because we don't want to do like scott and jeopardize our careers if by the way scott quit talking
about it you idiot here's vocal hello good morning i'm calling about the rumsville article you
mentioned i read it too and i'm sure it's in light of the poll that said nearly 70 percent of
americans believe that i rack was directly related to the nine one one incident right so i went and
i started looking up because i specifically remember rumsfeld trying to make that that connection
so when i found this on the internet today when he was standing in front of the senate armed
services committee in july he said the objective in the global war on terror is to prevent another
attack like september eleven or biological nuclear or chemical attack that could be worse
and he says with confidence the world is a better place today because the u.s. led to coalition
of forces in the action in iraq but he draws those parallels he has in you endo and he
throws all this propaganda at us to try to get us to to make the connection between nine eleven
and uh... iraq and then two months later he acts like we can't remember what he said two months ago
exactly i think the only way to describe it is right they lie a lot
and i have to get a pali thanks uh... thanks pali have a great life
yet the uh... public is starting to see through it like looking through a panic
last like looking through a piece of cellophane they lied through their teeth
there are people are american kids over there dying and getting severely wounded
air read data was like four more seriously wounded uh... overnight
airy single day
and by the way since we're still in such a good job between osama yamama and mullabola
or mar
and uh... saturday
the aerobic news network al-Arabia today broadcast a new audio tape statement
attributed to satam who say
last month al jazeera broadcasted tape also purported to carry the voice of satam
cia officials said they believe there was a high likelihood the voice on the
earlier tape was at a saturday and why shouldn't it be he still alive
the hit him with five shots he still alive just like that in kolioli
in the past few months several tapes that said it would made by saturday
with an air including one in july urging arachis uh...
to resist us forces
this report of the tape follows new attacks on us troops in arach where at least
four soldiers were wounded
the coalition for public information center said the two day
that's anything else about the tape nights about it
but i'd like that a new satam tape we got him yet no no but we're lying and we
have the article we had yesterday that we have no idea what i think closer to uh...
osama now that we were before but we're wasting all these billions and billions
and billions of dollars and countless human lives in a in a war of utility for
no purpose whatsoever
against the country that now we admit had no weapons of my destruction
wasn't connected to al-Qaeda wasn't connected to nine eleven wasn't a threat
to us wasn't forty five minutes away from the bridge with their uh... nuclear
and chemical weapons and biological in all a partridge in a pair of three
but uh... your mama you know that's basically what it was down to you know like
it can it it's worth it
they're right
what a what a shame what a scam
but there's uh... westerly park
there's a really good for she's a good to know that i'll
uh...
uh... yeah she is
she's a religious up and she's a democrat
split me that
well come on
she's probably one of them i'm a she's a cat look or something i don't know
you don't remember that one of course you do yes
about the uh... the god thing about the uh... religion thing i understand
so she's really but she's not a right wing fundamentalist not so you don't
understand the difference no
see it's politically correct in america especially for the meeting you have to
be a god person have to be part of the god squad
you don't get that
they get with a tragic for your own
i have a thirteen at five sixty w and i'll tell you place that still in brandy
shoes they've been doing it for over twenty five years in south florida
and as i speak right this moment they're more popular than ever before because
people know if they want to take good care of their feet
this is a story that'll take good care of them
they got all the famous brains in the universe they got rock ports echo is
mafisto timberland clerks s c s florish i'm all the names in the chubinist
that you know in love and desire
and they have a wide range of sizes mensize six to fifteen like uh... what's
his name is actually as the uh... second season the third season on the
it's not no
when it's that start i don't know what's my heart and stuff on the break
mensize is six to fifteen including like they can fit up time welling with a big
one
and shoot two women's five to twelve and which from the very near to the very
and over the professional sales staff give you perfect uh... personal service
make sure you get a perfect fit every time
like i just said and with over forty thousand parents stock in their eight
thousand square foot megastore
you can bet scott's life on it that whatever it was style you're looking for
is available in your size right now
pop on your feet brandy shoes you'll find a twelve ninety
nor federal highway popular beach open daily nine to nine sundays ten to five
at all this week at brandy save twenty percent of the entire line up
of famous brand name shoes and stocks up in the store visit on the web
and brandy's shoes dot com
my
and local
sports radio five sixty
c-o-a-m
you
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
your home interior and your attic. From there, they can suggest what you might need to make
the area in your home cleaners safe or two. Clean air restoration handles more related
insurance claims, commercial and residential projects, so improve the quality of your
life by improving the quality of your air that you breathe. Make sense to me. Call 1-866-542-4995
for a clean air restoration making your air fit to breathe.
My, my, and lovels. This is 4305 City.
That rich reminds me of my mother.
Oomba-doo-doo-rye we drop the bomb of love.
Thursday brainwashed the public to love bush like a god.
Here stand your high jack of the US for all your worker buddies who get
anything you want you come to them and tell them give democracy a chance
and you fill in your plunder for oil water and natural gas.
Oomba-doo-doo-rye we drop the bomb of love.
What's a few dead babies say did it suffer long?
We sure showed them a thing or two my country right or wrong.
Oomba-doo-doo-rye we drop the bomb of love.
And the wait boy.
Liberation by elimination man it works like a charm 1133-560 WNN
before you jump on that bandwagon.
Yeah huh.
No I did read this and I thought now would be a propitious time to pass it along
because the people need to know see another reason that they're all gung-ho for
where Sly Clark is because they don't know too much about him except he has a big
mouth and talked a lot during the war on MSNBC right.
Of course we know how many people walked MSNBC.
But third man.
Where in hell he was on maybe he was on CNN I think he was on
I mean well he's always open in the mouth.
But anyway Katrina Van Den Hovel who writes in the nation
her editorial here's an excerpt that somebody faxed me the other day remember a
couple days ago like on Monday.
In June 12 1999 and the immediate aftermath of NATO's air war against
Yugoslavia a small contingent of Russian troops dashed to occupy the
Christina Airfield in Kosovo.
Clark was so anxious to stop the Russians that he ordered an airborne assault
to confront these units in order which could have unleashed the most
frightening showdown with Moscow since the end of the Cold War.
War hyperbole you can decide but British general Michael Jackson the three-star
general and commander of K-4 the international force organized
and commanded by NATO to enforce an agreement in Kosovo told Clark
sir I'm not starting World War III for you when refusing to accept his order
to prevent Russian forces from taking over the airport.
Jackson was rightly worried that any precipitous NATO action
could risk a confrontation with a nuclear armed Russia and upset the NATO-led
peacekeeping plan just getting underway with the withdrawal of Serbian forces
from Kosovo.
Indeed it is in military circles that Clark's pristine incident was the
final straw that led the Pentagon to relieve him of his duties actually
be tear him earlier.
Clark had also angered the Pentagon brass and secretive defense William
Cohen in particular with his numerous media appearances and repeated
public requests for more weapons and for more freedom to wage the
Kosovo war the way he wanted with ground troops.
At one point according to media reports the defense secretary Cohen through
chairman of joint steves of staff he was sheldon to her Clark
to get your effing face off TV.
How do you like that?
He told Clark to get your effing face off TV.
So I don't want to say he might be kind of a media hound maybe a little
bit trigger happy all of these things but just something to think about okay
before you start jumping in with both feet and get all excited and
whipped up into a frenzy okay okay yeah but okay
supreme allied commander okay how can you beat that you can't beat the
supreme's so he's got he's got a big leader he's got
89 votes Wesley Clark 89 who'd you like to see as the
Democratic candidate against W howardine 64 I don't care they all suck 59
Bob Graham 46 I don't care I'm for bush 45 13.1% for bush for bush
they like bush in fact that should be the bumper sticker
lick bush in 2004 shouldn't okay I'm
written down look lick bush more in 2004 John Kerry who looks awfully old
and scary he's got 12 that he got rid of those herpes
Al Sharpton 10 John Edwards 8 the guy that talks to dead people
Dick Kebhard for Dennis Cassettis 3 Carol mostly brought in Julie
were many each have one out 442 votes don't forget the other poll that'll
go up at the end of the show who's your favorite dead political figure and
so far we've had no we got Paul wellstone that's it
it's just not one that's going over to me because like Mo told me absolutely
they don't want to hear about dead people although lately they're so damn
many of them
garnered Ted Armstrong or whatever hell his name was
and Shib Wally the purple people leader man
and John Ford's barracks for Tipton whatever the hell what was it in the
millionaire hope you don't remember that show it's before you were
and you got John Ritter and Johnny Cash
Jesus Christ and Don Cox and Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ
here's a lady from somewhere hello hi you forgot to add out
boards to that list there's a drafts out board site he's not running
we put only people but they still might draft and try to ask let me
let me say it again read my lips he's not running we could have put
Al Gore on we could have put Hillary Clinton on there we could have put a
lot of people you know conjecture that they might run but so far did not
running so we put only people who are running
okay okay
everything well I had to be like a little bit
belligerent there because you were gonna take no for an answer but they're
considering you know the late the last poll they took the other day showed
Fiddy Fiddy go in the bush just like we left off a couple of years ago
Fiddy Fiddy how do you like that
oh Al Gore man we don't we don't want him no more right
right oh my that would have you disaster
I don't want to lie alive that they could have stolen the election from
wood made it that close after eight years of prosperity and peace
everybody getting a piece of food and Ella Baba for such a smart guy he sure
wasn't idiot I don't want Clinton to campaign campaign for me yeah but he did a
good job but it was coal miners man huh hey you have to be a thinking man to
pack that Mike's hard lemonade in your
satchel before you go down in there you gotta think about what are these guys
gonna want they've been down your cold and nervous and shaken
Mike's hard lemonade that sounds good to me and then
inventing the internet right what how what how more could you want
I'm almost inspired to play some Al Gore crap now she was uh she's obviously
obsessed she thinks that that's the answer yeah the Hoppa Dogore
no no no no go Al Gore I remember I don't see
four years ago you gave me your nominations the B-bytes present
this is some crowd I've been watching you during that
macarena on television
and if I did have your silence I would like to demonstrate for you
the Al Gore version of the macarena
macarena macarena macarena would you like to see it again
when you're alarm goes off in the morning macarena when one of your children
hello this is sports radio by city
big very afraid
well she was just 17 she was almost 17
well she was 6 feet and a half who would make up to with my older
room
you eat that cold
no no no no no no no
when I get out the we go out
Money goes for now
I
Just
Just see the way we go look to be
George just grab the instead
I
Might
Love 45 at 560
WQM homestem of the most embarrassing crap in history of broadcast
Speaking of embarrassing and I use the term broadcasting loosely yes Deborah Perillo stop
Faxing you crazy bitch 20-page
Fashion nonsense just stuff that you've gotten before yeah stacks and stacks
Hey, Deborah, for ways that our fax paper you psychotic bitch you idiot you simple person you Miguel should be there by now
Would you think of the shell station for the probably the other way he said it was raining captain duwigs?
That's gonna like we don't want to get rained down. It's gonna rain on our charade here on our parade
Well, that's not well. Whatever we get well get you know somebody will show up
What else are they gonna do bring your raincoat and your trench coat and your rubbers and bring your rubbers because Miguel will be there ready for action
Right you wouldn't want to get after well
He doesn't want to come back anytime soon because he said if he shows up before too. He's got a rim durin
So I don't think I'll be back anytime soon
Well, you never confused him with the rimmer did you?
Oh my no
Oh my no I saw him pick up a check so I know it ain't him
Oh my
You're an embarrassment. Okay, you're a good guy. I like you. It's nothing personal but my god
And you know something he's perfect for the University of Miami
Here they got a choice between a consummate professional who got screwed over by Moe by the way and the dolphin organization
Absolutely Bill Zimper who did out yeoman work an excellent job on the dolphins nine seasons with the mad dog and was was available to do
You have him football
And the University being the typical bush Lake Neanderah. Oh, no
We want to have the same guy doing all of our sports and we want Josie
Fits in perfectly with the entire ambience of the University of Miami
Donna no ball Shalala and a whole thing over there in the Gables makes me want to puke, okay?
Donna you sick idiotic bitch
Oh, that's the most disgusting thing I ever saw get our name off that billboard right away. We've got balls
You got no balls honey although rumors were they had big ones. That's what bubble was saying even Joseph press
Oh my oh my here's a fact from Lisa in North Miami says what would knowing where Iraq is on a map
Two knowing what's really going on in the world because you all read prove
Oh
It would make it any easier for anyone if we knew about it or not
I see now why you and George take drugs because you concern yourselves with all that negative crap and it pisses y'all off
This has got to be phony it is I don't care where Iraq is nor do I want to have so much more to say
But thought you might not read this right phony and this is the same as the was it Tracy that day? Yeah, phony name here
Building code compliance my ass fake facts. Yeah another fake facts from a fake Lisa for the y'all y'all read y'all god hang on what y'all got Lisa, which probably
much
56705 60 is I'm not depressed about anything. I'm a happy camper. Wait you may. I'm happy. He's happy again. Slop
It's sloppy. Oh, I'm a little bit upset about the fact Joseph Gackie is on WQM doing anything
I mean like I said nice got to have around give my paycheck just to keep him you know him is a lovely wife to have to eat now and in
Wesley carts got 99 votes who'd you like to see is democratic presidential candidate next year Wesley parked 99
374 votes all told howardine 67 I don't care. They all suck 61. I don't care. I'm for bush 52 13.9 percent
Oh Bob Graham 49 John Kerry 13 now sharpened in 12 John Edwards 11 Dennis Kassin is forward to give hard for
Carol Mosley Braun one Julie Berman one see the fact that we got out of this audience almost
14% for bush that tell what about we said he could hold a
I have speech you could go on national TV on worldwide TV 9 o'clock tonight on all the networks even on a Playboy TV and
Look you straight in the camera with that goofy look on his face with a furrowed brow and say I lied to you
All those people who died over there including the ones who are still dying including your sons and daughters
It was all for an off and based on a lie. We had this planned long time ago
Me all my neocon pals and it wasn't I was still tomorrow was still be 14% right
So it ties right in with what we were saying about little bit stupidity
Just like the Arnold business always Arnold Schwarzenegg is going to be governor of California maybe based on what?
And then of course this debate is going to participate in you'll notice that of course it's going to be a little bit on time
We were the auction coming up March 4th probably now unless they change that
Must they overturn a court's decision
But the fact of the matter is that they they have to have the questions and writing so they can make the answers up for him
ahead of time because he doesn't have any answers. He doesn't have any positions. He doesn't have any qualifications
But he'd rather pump than come
Work time is not such a bad idea pumping them coming in California
Whatever the hell that means
Oh Jesus God and Chrysler Motors almighty
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
It's a good thing we got that big one in two comedy bits our day
We got screwed out of that last week because last was in the hit of Marlon game. I tried to tell you to do it earlier
Now, but I I'm smarter. Yeah, I took off Friday. Mm-hmm
That'll show you here's Miami. Hello
Hey, new hey pretty good sir. Hey, Neil listen. I want you to know you always bring a big smile to my push
And but please I'm gonna ask you to please I need a favor for you. Please. No, please don't claim those Joseph Gatti bits
Every time I hear that guy's voice I get like ulcers in my stomach. Yeah, please we can't listen to him
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
Oh my
On the AT&T of Verizon wireless line just a wild screaming out of control maniac
I guess that's supposed to compensate for ability, you know
Hey, I'm your friend. I'm your friend. Ain't it the same thing while you're of ability. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hi, Neil. Hi, how are you today great sensational man. Uh great. Yeah, I just want to say something
Uh, and and the same way to some of your talks about the weather and the hurricane and stuff
The weather out here in Hollywood beach is excellent right now. I mean all and the weather here at Toronto is beautiful
It's sunny in the 72
I know but all the liquid moves, you know this morning on TV you had like there's eight to ten foot
And six to eight foot seas and uh like I'm a lifeguard on Hollywood beach and the water here is just really flat
There's a little bit of a a kind of running north to south for it's a beautiful base
I hope that the people just come on out and come on down the beach and enjoy
Okay, you know, and uh, and also teddy bears develop on your part that man that did so much for national parts
Imagine imagine what would happen if we didn't have them do that for us
I can't even begin to imagine it you know what
Not think about that you know the Indians probably felt the same way about it. Yeah
All right, anyway, thank you Neil God bless for now. I have a great day. You enjoy Hollywood chamber commerce. Thanks you profusely
All right, you're welcome Neil. Good for you. I think you know, I'm not thinking yesterday the Hollywood chamber commerce
Well, he's putting in a good plug. You know, we want to see some naked people out there in the beach damn straight
Well, some of them and maybe some of them not
By who's your favorite dead political figure? We have no interest in this pool. And that's okay because uh Eric said say I told Eric was
Dicking with the show see that's a Eric emailed me to say that he got a whole bunch of suggestions
I last night on the pool
Because he put it on there for people to be able to put in their studio, which I put Bobby Kenvy on there by the way
Eric I was the one and you put one into right
So that's but but anyway by doing that see that would have been about 30 calls
We would have had from people suggesting as opposed to like doing it on the website
So he's dickin with a program here while making it nice and easy for now Eric so don't interfere, okay?
Like Mama Kolioni said to Santino don't interfere
Remember that when we were having dinner at the table and he was given the lecture to a carlo about don't ever do that right
Santino don't interfere
She knew that that the hot tempered Santino man. They shot him on the causeway
Yeah
Done Koli home
And anyway, let's just play the audio from the godfather the rest of the three years. I said that sounds good to me
Huh, we're just gonna play godfather drop-ins
It's not only
That's what your brain is doing, so I know I'm with you straight up
You broke my heart
You broke my heart
It leaves it good
Take a look at all this see this is what pisses old
Seenow Mo off real big time
And he knows that he knows in a part of his brain what used to be it was under the a muskrat there the weasel
He knows that I could actually play godfather drops her next to three years
What's ever left on his deal and still get the gigantic numbers over what he is pathetic good
That's what every school man. This is what really has got to frost his saddle there. I don't care how many day go
You know what grease ball come boys come out of the wood one see and you could play the same drop-ins mole
But the difference would be nobody would listen when you play it. That's the bottom
There you go
Nice mentally from the godfather
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 your favorite dead political figure the list we have so far Paul wellstone Thomas pain
George Washington Bobby Kennedy Abe Lincoln Abe Lincoln
Teddy Roosevelt FDR Thomas Jefferson Martin Luther King and JFK that's the list we have so far to which you folks have edited one
I mean see if we had a really cerebral audience they'd be saying well James Madison because he was really uh huh keep drilling
What cerebral audience? How about John Quincy Adams?
How about it like to show how about James Knox poke
You poke he was kind of poke say I like any I do believe
And he liked his poke a pick it a poke no he liked his poke oh maybe that was Franklin pierce who they said like this
But was a Franklin pierce or James Buchanan who was never married and we're always rumors about that that we had a close-out
Before my time it was one of them it was either 14 which was Franklin pierce or 15 James you have I think was Franklin pierce
And there were stories there were rumors being spread
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Neil God yes sir by the way it was James Buchanan it was the a Mary President
Really that was why I said I would knew was either him or Franklin pierce right hey um you know
Did you ever get a chance to read uh the David Halper stamp book or in a time of peace no
Yeah, that's the book that really details a lot of what went on in in the coastal battle
And I think it gives a real good balance and and a objective view of of Clark's role in that battle
The the editorial that you read from the nation. I think gives kind of the one-sided view of some of the
The press manipulation that was going on during that war night
And I think it's fair to say that Clark
Was going to play the press to get to bring attention to a lot of the
To a lot of the bad things that were going on in the cost world the press was not paying attention
Okay, so a lot of the atrocities came out. I mean, I'm not saying he's perfect by any means and I'm not saying that
I'm even no, I'm not saying that I necessarily believe but somebody fasted to me the day in the nation obviously is a credible publication
And I want to really because I want to put all the stuff out there and then people can pick and choose and believe what they want
Right and and when I'm saying was the Halper stamp book is is basically I think it presents a
It presents a very balanced set in the present the words and all to be honest with you
I highly recommend it. Okay, um and and also for the uh for the poll for the dead politicians
Uh, I think I'd like to nominate the person that ran the the country during the 1980s
Nancy Reagan's astrologer. She is dead by the way
And have a great day
And Nancy's astrologer that was excellent
I beg your pardon. I said that's good news and that was a great call
That was a great call. We're not put that on there of course because we don't know what the name was
Nobody we know who there's anyway just like they don't know where the goddamn Indian Ocean is or where India's or Sri Lanka is
I always like to say line, you know when I was collecting stamps
See that's a problem. I thought I was learning something about the world that they went and changed how they changed
In terms of all the damn countries piss me off me. What that was in Bobway, you know what what is that?
Whatever happened to the good old Belgian Congo, huh?
That was my favorite Congo. Go pull it up my up on go so we can all go to the Congo
How's precious to him by the way and uh passions. She okay?
good
1157 all the worlders and our patients on passions because nothing is happening. Sharon
Sheridan crawl up those stairs again, honey
Maybe somebody will hear you this time damn it. Maybe Hank will hear you
By now you've been hearing about laminits arousan how laminated wood flooring from laminits arousas
The easy the intelligent low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring which cost you an arman for legs
laminits arousas the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe like
Peridor pergo Wilson art uniflor and quick step. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers too
Another good reason why I'd be calling these folks instead of anybody else is because at laminits arous
Their prices will positively floore
Right now you can get their September kickoff special for just
1995 bucks just
$1995 gets you up to
380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively amazing
And laminits arousal match any legitimate written off for two you can't beat him with a stick for a free and home estimate
No obligation call laminits arousas toll free and tell him that crusty rusty old Neil toured you to call one
877
777 33 36 they make it as easy as pie they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving 25 year
40 and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laminits arous today tool free when in doubt check this out
1 877 777 33 36
It's the 12 to one hour on Q8M
What a nice recovery at all
Excellent
Sitting at home watching the W.A.W.A. if I got hair on my bike and
Cours on my breath. I got remote control. I got my Nintendo joystick. I'm so damn lazy
I'm married a pregnant chick
Well it's true I drive a beamer and I play lots of golf. I wear polyester pants that I never take off
I go out to the bars and I try to be funky but I don't fool anyone cause me a honky
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
It's a little too white
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
I listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip and that hoolieel as lazy as pellet
Just makes me flip I don't like to lie cruel
They're just so darn dirty my kids are allowed to listen until they turn 30
My dad is my uncle and my sister's my aunt
I'm enrolled in school just to get me a grand I tell a lot of ethnic jokes
I think that they're funny I got a bad sense of humor
Cause me a honky
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
The little too white
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
Oh me a honky
The little too white
Look at me do the box sample of hey look at this
I'm a lot on to come over here and pull my finger
I think we put our finger on it today the problem with america if there is one of course
There might not be but I think it might we might have found it too many trailer parks
Okay
From 04560 WQM and of course some of them might get blown away
What if Brian Cabell from CNN he's standing there like just the wind is blowing you know nothing's gonna happen
I'll tomorrow morning but he's standing there like getting his hair blown all around you know just waiting for the big blow
Our lot of guys standing around waiting for the big blow
Sure, sure
Blitz says Iraq probably destroyed WMDs
Former UN weapons chief weapons inspector Hans Blitz
Belief that Iraq destroyed most of its weapons of mass destruction 10 years ago
But kept up the appearance that it had them to the tour military attack and interview with the australian radio station broadcast today
Blitz said it was unlikely that the US and British teams now searching for weapons in Iraq would find
More than some documents of interest
Interest as I used to say interest
I'm certainly more and more of the conclusion that Iraq has as they maintain destroyed all almost of what they had in the summer of 91
Blitz told australian broadcast in corp radio
The more time that has passed tomorrow I think it's unlikely that anything will be found
He be saying
Looks indicated he thought the west led coalition had backtracked on the issue of Iraq's weapons
In the beginning they talked about weapons concretely and later on they talked about weapons programs
Maybe they'll find some documents of interest. He said is that like persons of interest like Steven Hadfield
We got persons of interest and now we got documents of interest
I mean you can put a sign up on your door beware of the dog without having a dog you said from his home in Sweden
Good point hunts
By the way to leave speed uh whatever that yogurt yogurt that the girls team in Finland and Helsinki last night five to three
Anybody care? No. I wonder if that games on again. You think they keep you playing it like over and over gonna leave steve
There is Roberts into the corner the new and night
You and I circles back to the blow line to wave V-Lac
V-Lac has it hooked off of his stick
Why never sounded better Joe my good friend the great Joe bowman. See the best or what even George knows he's the best who
And by the way, it's a good thing we don't have Josh Friedman on our staff anymore to go bother Joe bowman for more promos
He's at the embarrassment level
It's so great. It's just uh
This is your ball and the voice of the Toronto may believe they don't come any better than Neil Roger. Thanks, Joe
Once upon a time tox box orifice my good buddy Johnny Depp
I mean everybody also in the station no drops names all the time
What else should I if I have to hear one more times for well telling us about how he was with mad dog at that
Dolphin kickoff lunge whatever the thing was yesterday. How many times did he say that this morning?
Man, I love you Scott, but just uh cool a little bit with that I
I I I I I I I I I I you know what I'm saying what he's saying. I'm saying that he says that maybe
Right you beat me about a half a half a beat
What's this important thing coming over from chronic Jane
She says I liked how her dean but now I want Wesley Clark
He was first in his class at Westpoint. He was a Rhodes scholar like Bill Clinton
And he was a professor of economics at Westpoint. He knows how to handle the military
I think a Clark Dean ticket will be ideal or Clark Graham ticket
But you know Graham's unheard of right love percentage, but he has a snowball's chance to know you're right about that Jane
Please check out WW Miss leader.org. They're documenting Bush's lies somebody else facts that already
I'll let's check it out like that one. I checked out yesterday was good to read that one about what was it
What was it? I don't know
Some were the anti-religious but there was nothing there we could use but it was good
It was all the anti
babbling crap
Anyway, it says there's a channel on satellite TV a call link that has some really interesting shows about the world and is nonprofit
Link that or
Says jena for lord of chronic Jane. Thank you chronic Jane
Anyway, can I get back to Johnny depth important thing good you would nobody cares about the fact that we have a bunch of
Functionally literates who have no idea what any see this is the thing about americans because education system is such crap
Americans because of the geographical isolation
Think they can be comfortably ignorant they know nothing about the rest of the world unlike almost any place else
Where they're very familiar with the rest of the world generally because most of the already place else
They're close to the rest of the world comfortably dumb although the Canadians here
I don't know why they know so much about the rest of the world because the only thing they're close to is like the north pole in the US
And yet the education system here is heads and shoulders heads and shoulders above the USA
How do you like that
Ha ha
Johnny depth has made another transformation it says oddball acted to box office money maker
The star known for playing eccentric and cult favorite such as Ed Wood which is so much
Too long and fear unloading in Las Vegas is establishing himself as a major box office draw with two films this weekend at the top five
Once upon a time in Mexico as opposed to once upon a time in America which lasts for about seven and a half hours
What's upon a time in Mexico staring Antonio Banderas is a
Marriachi musician gunslinger and depth is a sleazy c.i. agent debuted in first place with
$24 million of Quinn industry estimates on Sunday
It was Johnny's second consecutive number one debut after the summertime hit pirates of the Caribbean the curse of the black pearl
Which George said the movie suck but Johnny was good right
Pirates still performing strong in its 10th week of release came in number five at 4.6 million
So in other words Johnny depth is in two of the top five money making films of the week
Number one and number five in the same weekend
It says for any actor that's great and for Johnny depth. It's totally unexpected and welcome
Depas had blockbusters before such as sleepy hollow chocolate and modest hits like Edward Siserhands and Donnie Brasco
But they've been few and far between the respected but little seen cult films like Dead Man
Ed Wood, Benny and June and fear unloading in Las Vegas. I forgot that you say you ever finally saw Donnie Brasco
All right, Johnny Brasco is great. You can be you shouldn't me man. That's a outstanding flick
We need to start talking about movies again. I know I missed that you want to know the reason being that I
It inspired me to watch so many good ones and now that we don't talk about it
I've got about a half dozen year other room. I haven't watched yet well get to it
I haven't watched a snatch oh such is good. I'll wait and the movie too. Yeah
Oh, and you which reminds me now maybe this is the hour when I can actually put some audio on here in the background
You think maybe
Oh, now what I just saw
Whoa if you could have seen what I just saw huh that's got that instrument that's it
Man no you haven't seen that
All right listen to it. This is the last one
Listen to the watch though
There was her name whatever it was
Chrissy Chrissy don't just because it ended in SSY. Yeah, don't get all bent out of shape. Okay. Okay. Pressy about it
Don't get Chrissy and don't be a sissy. Okay. It was just the Chrissy and she was just having a little fun
I just don't dare you know we have the dump now. What was the movie with the uh the spit girl that with Johnny Depp?
Oh, that was crybaby
Because it's so embarrassing
Bearest
Yeah, so anyway Johnny Depp our Hall and Dale or Miramar were the hell was boy who used to once a part of time
He was out on his luck down on his luck slept in his car actually at one point
Many many moons ago and always a big star
This is a great story. This is from the a fudge report miss fudge had this on there this morning
Oh Mac washney. You know where that is more or less you do
I might have been there. I never heard of it. Well, I never been in Washington state
So I don't know what that is anyway
O'Connagong County Sheriff's Deputy seeking a person on an outstanding warrant broke down the door into the wrong home
And then jolted a man with a taser in front of his wife and child
Oh, it sounds like a stop floor to think done oh yeah, it happens there all the time
Sheriff Frank Rogers says the bottom line is officers messed up is what he said
No one was seriously injured in the incident the heavily armed officers apparently burst into the wrong trailer at the
Homestead trailer park at O'Mac that's not homestead or it's homestead washroom
The man they were seeking 30-year-old Joseph M. Peresian heard the ruckus and tried to escape from another trailer
He was arrested without incident. He heard the ruckus
Don't you love that word the ruckus we get right in with trailer parks and stuff like that
We're not knocking anybody out there lives in a trailer park just because they call you trailer trash
Don't take it personal although I think they might have a point
And who let me ask you this who picks up the trailer trash
The trash people probably the promoter the promotion department for Jerry Springer. I would think
Pick up the trailer trash hollum right off to the Chicago. We're gonna. He'll shoot that show
Well, there's the hurricane. Here's the latest on easy bill. They should know we have strategic supply. Oh, look at it's the cheesehead
brought the United States Tommy Thompson. Oh, they've kept him in the closet for a long time
Listen to particular areas. He drank water out of a quick
To move very fast who didn't this was so important to do the pre-planning which were by the way how they how are they doing?
I didn't I don't want to change the subject, but how are they doing an investigation about the uh, I can't fight it now about the
Amtrak. Yeah, we got some of the intraspex in there. I'm almost hit the wrong one. Oh, don't do that
If they got the guys who sent the
So interested person they got the person of interest but other than that, have we got any more clues about the amtrak now
Yeah, we're doing just as well as on that as we are doing a fighting Osama Yamama and Sodom and Mullah Bola and the woolly bully and all these people
We found shebaoli and he's dead. That said sad, you know, I didn't know he was 82 though
That's it's not all that old
Uh, okay, you start getting to be in your sixties like me you start seeing any any number you pick. Oh 100 that's not that old
Well, that's just the way you have to look at it, you know
The old one in the world 90 that's not so old just so you know, yes record right now is uh, 116
She's still kicking I we have it on our website. Oh, I'm sorry Japanese lady. I have it on a website
Well, I'm so far ahead of you man. You have no idea. I scour I scour the wicked worldwide web. Do you believe me?
I can't believe you shower. I shower and I scour
With coast
Nicely what I use is that far. I brought back all that far um
Deodorant and soap from Amsterdam
Got it too bad the people over there don't even discover it yet 1214 at 560 WQM
If you're underpaid if you're treated like crap at your work
If you're not making enough money to even buy a ticket to a ballgame
How'd you like to have a new high-paying career before the year ends? It's true. You can do it
Quick think about it and get at least there's some information and do yourself a big favor call fast train at 1 866 fast train
Fast train can have you trained and certified before the end of this year the demand for computer professionals is big
It's gigantic and there's no end in sight
So there's no smarter ton then right not to get you with some skills and a new high-paying career change your life for the better
Fast train offers you job placement assistance
Convenient day evening a weekend schedules and with six floor locations including four in Sanford
There's about to be one nearby you two up there in Tampa as if we care about that
Fast train offers financial assistance to those who qualify too so called fast train today toll free at 1 866
Fast train and in no time at all you can be making more than scots making there
That's 1 866 fast train or excuse to stay in that end job one more day check them out of the web at fast train.com and call them
Pull free be sure and tell them that Todd direct-tort to make that important call 1 866 fast train
We're supporting you 516
UAM
The Hoover out the moon man
Your is the boringest person that you'll ever view
We can't take him anymore know what for boring then vice president
Or
No
If you're stuck with him then one hour seems like five
Absolutely
The
20
More
Only once more would and then him, a Nokia.
But he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of dough.
The old Tegarster Indian man, he could put you in a coma in two seconds or less.
Now as it's cleared back in Panna Karakasi on the board.
Anyway, we might just play the Leafs Joker with the game last night because look at we got one call on the board this hour.
Pretty depressing. Aren't you amazed and shocked and dismissed.
Hello. Brian to reach it.
I'm 60 and it's top rating.
I beg your pardon?
160 and it has stopped raining.
It has stopped raining so there are no excuses.
Get over there in Miguel is at the corner of Broward and University Boulevard.
It drives in the shell station in the Q&A.
The best in the merchandise, the best in the LCDs, the Mohawar David.
You changed all of that good stuff.
Let's go for a bandit pet rescue.
Let's get some money in there between out and two o'clock and cut the crap.
This thing this year is taking off as slowly as molasses.
Man, it's weak.
Well, that's really weak.
It's starting with nobody's in town yet.
Well, I know there's still nobody there to be honest.
I know there's about half of the town is still laying out.
And who could blame them?
I know I'm laying out.
Clark says his career has pointed to the presidency.
So the audience so far seems to be a stoop, at least he would think so.
Wesley Clark, the former NATO Supreme Commander, told CNN he'll kick off his run
for the Democratic presidential nomination with an announcement today, which we already knew that.
This is what my expertise, my leadership experience, my whole career has put in prepared me for Clark said,
in an interview with CNN's American Morning on Wednesday morning today, this morning.
I've had a lot of diplomatic experience.
I've had a lot of work with security policy.
I think I'm the best person to look at the future of this country and keep us safe.
Park 58 becomes the 10th Democrat, seeking to once he president Bush, his West Point graduate, road scholar,
former CNN, CNN, CNN told it wasn't the, I was wrong, we'll see it in in, that's why everybody saw him.
Former CNN military analyst who led US and allied forces in NATO's 1999 air war in Kosovo
asked about the fact that he never held elective office.
He said his move is ambitious, but it also is an extraordinary era.
Questioned about how he can market himself in his campaign without a record on domestic issues Clark said on Wednesday,
that he has the same experience that everybody else does when it comes to grappling with the issue as a citizen.
He said he worries about health care, education, unemployment, other life issues as voters do.
He said when he was in the military, he dealt with quality of life and personnel issues, such as housing education and health care for our people is what he said.
Responding to comments that he was abrasive and not well liked by others in the military, Clark said the environment was competitive.
It's a competitive bureaucracy he said, people enter it at the bottom, they come out at the top.
There's a lot of gossip and some sharp elbows in there, but I think my record stands on its own mirrors.
And if you look at what I've done, the contributions that I've made, it's a very solid record and I'm proud of what he said.
And you'll notice the Arkansas connection here.
Is there?
In the fact that Bubba and Hillary and the other Clinton connections are people who are now his advisors and Bubba supposedly pulling some strings behind the scenes, you notice?
Uh-huh.
There you go.
So far, Wesley Clark, who would you like to see as domestic as Democratic presidential candidate next year?
Wesley Clark leading the pack by a good margin, 212 Howard D85.
I don't care they all suck 80.
I don't care I'm voting for Bush 59 13% for Bush idiots Bob Graham 57 John Kerry 16 John Edwards 13 L sharp in 13.
Benis Cassettan 6 if he had a better her PC do better.
Dick Gebhard only 6 in this audience like Dick.
Julie Berman for and Carol Mosley bronze got a pair of right.
She's doubled her vote out of 453 votes.
It's not too a good Carol.
Step it up a little bit.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATT.
We got 8 million open lines are poll here about the favorite dead political figure is dead in the water.
Absolutely.
It just ain't going nowhere.
Aren't you amazed?
No.
Oh, here's my any hello.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're listening by the way.
Thanks for listening asshole.
Okay, here's our last call.
It's in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, I'm from the early great show.
Yes it is.
I've got a question for you.
Take your time man.
You're the only calling aboard.
All right.
The clock's on the radio.
Was he the one back?
I mean, I think I was in fifth grade at the time.
It was pulled off a Y100 for some kind of altercation.
I don't know if it was child molestation or something.
No, he didn't have any child molestation thing.
You're confusing him with the Bill Tanner right there.
It's not seriously.
Wasn't somebody from Y100 yanked off the air for some kind of...
What?
Bill Tanner wasn't yanked off the air either.
So I don't know.
But he was yanked off.
He was yanked off though.
All right, I'll tell you.
My bad.
Great show.
Okay, thanks.
He's got Tanner and Comix up with Comix.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6.
I guess it wouldn't be the first time.
I'm pound 5, 6, 8, 8, and 10 for Rise of the World of Slime.
All of a sudden, things have been going too well.
You know what?
And you just hit the nail on the head when you said there's still nobody there and you're right.
But things have been going a little bit too smoothly.
Now all of a sudden, it's like, well, we don't like that pole today.
That the second one there's up to you, okay?
Well, back to you.
How do you like that?
They don't like the fact that I thought that Mike in whatever his name was.
Coconut Creek yesterday gave us a damn good idea.
It is good.
We're going to do like a four part series, your favorite dead actors, your favorite dead musicians, famous others.
But the politician thing, well, maybe they just aren't that many.
Or maybe we don't have a students in history in here.
You think that could possibly be a part of it?
Who have no idea where the Pacific Ocean is, or the North Pole or the South Pole,
or the Sky or Uranus or the Beach?
They know where the beach is.
Didn't you hear the guy just called two calls ago?
Oh, yeah.
So the beach is on the year right now.
Mr. O'Beech.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I was flipping through the station yesterday and I heard you mentioned my name again.
Yeah, Reverend Jones, that's what we said.
Reverend Jones made your ass off.
You know something of the moment that he said hello.
Good afternoon.
It was him.
I'm getting a lot better on that.
Yeah, we don't want, we can't stand you, Reverend Jones.
Go to hell away.
Okay.
You make a sick to our stomach.
You make us want to go to the beach.
And everybody now knows your gay.
Yeah.
Say his name one more time.
He'll pop off.
He'll pop off.
Oh, okay.
Reverend Jones.
Good work.
Okay.
That's a cure.
He'll be calm now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for Rise of Marlowe's line, Mad Dog coming up to the Humper from 4 to 6, 30.
Another one of those tough two and a half hour shows.
What a deal.
He's got, man.
You should all be so lucky.
Marlon's on Deck at 6, 30.
Marlon's at the Phillies to try to like undo.
They're still a half a game ahead.
And it's in the law's columns where the differences, which is mighty important, is George nose.
Marlon's at the Phillies need to win tonight to stay ahead for the wild card.
Then you got any camp to the baseball game.
Joe and Mark overnight and then the Muscrat man, the old Weasel in a morning with the guilty.
You know, is it the Muscrat with the Weasel?
Maybe that's why it sounds like that.
26 past noon at 560 WQM VIP sportsbook.com is big league.
Maybe it's the best in town.
And you've got about Zidian, other sportsbooks out there.
Not third, man.
Kind of pedal for your money.
They all want you to like turn to them.
Of course, where the hell are they going to be when it comes time to collect?
Because 99% of these bookies are in the jungles of course the reggaigua, the Malah, the Belgian Congo,
Cline, which don't even exist no more Sri Lanka.
This year, move up and class to VIP sportsbook.com, the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
Believe you me, you can trust those Dutch as far as you can throw them.
100% legal in license too.
Call VIP sportsbook.com right now, toll free at 1-866 VIP vets because VIP sportsbook.com is positively soft.
If your club float is best, one you can trust, they're going to be around.
Sign up right now and all year long, you can get on South Florida football and basketball teams juice free.
You want to bet the dolphins? It's 100 to 100.
You want to bet the hurricanes against one of those little girls teams they play?
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the big.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus too.
Not some so-yes funny money match play bonus or some other bogus deal.
A 20% cash signup bonus.
VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find them online or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP vets.
That's 1-866 VIP vets when you call.
Be sure and tell them please.
You're heard about here on most prestigious sports obsessed QAM.
VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
See my name is Paul.
This is sportswear you'll buy six.
QAM.
Little boy.
You waited all your life for them to return.
Okay, maybe you haven't waited all your life and don't give a red zash that they're together again.
But they're playing just for you.
Simon and Garfunkel.
One night only, one hit only because they're tired.
It's the return of Simon and Garfunkel.
Barely live and on stage.
Don't miss the last very hard defense.
Do it only spoke of us feel great.
Hey, hey, hey.
I've got only now we're not in friends.
But I won't stop playing just to change.
Change, change, change.
Change, change, change.
Get your tickets now.
We're Simon and Garfunkel on their live, but just barely do.
Come to the thing you might get yourself a baby, sit around and go to one movie and stand.
How pretty, two and five sixty WQIM.
So we had 160 bucks as a last report out there at the corner of University in Broward,
Bolvard at the Shell Station McGill and the QM van.
Right.
But our best meal merchandise.
We got an update.
Not yet.
Oh, having heard you though.
Yes, I'm sure he'll be calling within seconds.
I sure hope so because this thing is just creeping and crawling.
I have no updates.
I mean, the number I got here, the $1 figure is from like four days ago.
It's just, I don't know.
I just have the feeling of this is kind of like a schlock, you know?
The whole way that this thing is going?
No.
You don't think so?
I don't have that feeling.
It's smooth.
I have the feeling that things are going like a little on the schlocky side.
That's just my own personal.
I could be overreacting.
You know me.
I'm a basketball player.
But nevermind.
Yeah, that's me.
Here's a chronic factor.
That's how it's signed chronic and a very chronic handwriting.
It's just talking about the UM broadcast group.
It brings me to the beast.
Listening to Forell show this morning, the beast is got awful.
Well, we know that.
He's so not like Forell.
And he tries to be hip and nutty like Forell.
The beast is fine as a reporter and even on the sideline gig for UM while I would debate that.
But please get him off here as a host or even a co-host.
Well, he's so not like Forell.
And he tries to be hip and nutty like Forell.
The beast is fine as a reporter and even on the sideline gig for UM while I would debate that.
But please get him off here as a host or even a co-host.
Well, I have no problem with any of that.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I was just calling because a gentleman earlier who was talking about Cox.
Ever?
But anyway.
The other thing I wanted to just ask is on your dead politician's poll, is Barbara Jordan on there yet?
No, but she is now.
That's a good choice.
I was thinking that myself.
Excellent.
Thank you.
All right.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Barbara Jordan.
Well, what a great choice that is.
Sure.
Barbara Jordan.
Okay.
We got that on there.
We get, well, we're not going to get too many other ones, but how can you compete with like all these other ones like Tyne's here for some of the FDR?
Some people may actually know who those people were.
Fight all the way down.
At 5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm in Hollywood.
That's what I just said.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
All right.
Hey, Neil.
Let me tell you how I grandmother asked me about you.
She thought you were the greatest ever.
Yeah.
Well, she's dead now, but you know, she only told me to listen to you.
And I never tell you.
I can barely hear this call.
Scott, this guy sounds like he's on your reignis.
Three o'clock in the afternoon, but I listen to you now.
You're, you know, she's, you're right.
She was right.
You know, you're the greatest.
I'm ready for a dry-double fact.
Yeah, I'll come of them.
Okay, thanks.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T.
I am for a dry-double, prunal, a fact.
I'm pretty good.
And she's not too bad either for a dry-double, the queen.
Let's do a key lago.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just want to share one of my memorable Cox moments.
Can I say Cox on the radio?
Yeah, I guess I can.
Yes.
Back in the Miami Vice era, when he hijacked the radio station and just played
Tlaugler's Loose, I don't know if anybody remembered that.
Four hours is the length of paper.
I'll be there.
Yeah, I can't remember.
Are these callers like drowning underwater?
They're in and out.
They're in and out and all over the place.
They've been drowning.
They've been drowning.
I don't know what it is, but all of a sudden, not only the volume of the quality has
like degenerated into what I would call...
Crap.
220, I don't know if you heard me the first time.
No, I did not.
Well, that's pretty damn lame.
220 bucks.
He's been up there for like, uh-huh.
That's the weather, I'm sure.
Oh my god.
We've always got to see what I mean.
We're up against it.
We're like right up against it and we can't even feel it.
What are your 20 bucks?
Who would you like to see as Democratic presidential candidate next year?
The West Lake Park 117.
I don't care they all sucks in second place with 93.
What about a negative sour assholes, man?
Howardine 89.
I don't care I'm from Bush 62, 12.6%.
Bob Graham 62, Tyler Bell President Day.
John Kerry 17, Al Sharpton 16.
John Edwards 13, who talks to dead people.
Dennis Quasinich 6, Dick Kebhard 6, Julie Rubin 6,
and Carol Mosley Brown has got three out of 190 votes.
That's the way it stacks up right now.
They like Wesley Clark and they still want to know where's the Pacific Ocean.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, this is near.
Yes, sir.
Uh, near.
I don't know what to give my name.
I'm calling from California.
Yes, sure.
Uh, I need to be.
Okay, good.
5670560.
I told you they ran out of material all of a sudden right at noon when the little hand at the big hand.
That was it.
That was the time to put on the goddamn leaf scale.
My totally be a hell of a lot more entertaining.
Oh, and you're in a commercial break.
Let's do Miami.
When is this?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just wanted to tell you I'm, I'm 33 years old.
I'm Cuban American born right here.
I fed into that, uh, the involve thing for the last, you know, 10 years of my life.
They're both Republican.
After Bush, I changed to Democrat.
This guy Clark, he excites me.
I think everybody that, uh, that doesn't know the title of this.
They should listen to the guy.
I mean, the guy makes sense on everything he talks about.
I think the fact that he's an outsider will give us some fresh blood into into the old, you know, GOP and the good old boys mentality in there.
And I hope anybody that has, you know, a clear vision can really sit down and really look at the value that this guy has.
Because he's going to be our next president.
You think so, huh?
Definitely, Neil.
You know, how, how many times have you seen a, a military guy, a four-star general, nonetheless, you know, be a Democrat and speak so intelligently about things?
The guy just makes sense.
He makes sense about everything he talks about.
I, I said to my wife a number of times when I see him on CNN as a commentary, as, as, as one of their hosts.
I said, it's only this guy who runs for president and, you know, God was listening.
God was listening.
I think, yeah, God was listening right.
Okay, God, good luck to pal.
Thank you, Neil.
Thank you.
He said, God was listening.
How do you like that?
He sure ain't listening to Pat Robertson because that storm, I think, is going to wipe out Virginia beat.
Already second now.
It just took a little rock and roll there to the right.
Look at that.
Which would allow a person's strengthening.
Yes, see?
Oh, oh, oh.
I think Pat Robertson drew the Lord's attention there and, and maybe he misunderstood.
Okay, maybe God's got like a little hearing problem today.
Like what's your name?
Like Mrs. Wallace on passions?
Maybe his hearing aid fell out?
And he thought Pat Robertson is saying, please, please send that right here to Virginia Beach.
Right over my ass would be good.
That's what he was asking God to do.
And I think God might just fulfill his wish with a big blow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
And the best part of the whole deal is that the media continues taking these people seriously
and presenting them like some kind of respectable significant, yeah.
Jerry Fowlball and Jimmy Swagrid and Pat Robertson and all these other grave robbers.
I guess Pat's still a little bit upset about Charles Taylor.
You know, I can't make no more diamond deals in Liberia.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Tamarack.
I think Tamarack floated away.
Let's try Boker.
Hello.
Media, how are you today?
Pretty good, sir.
I heard, I was in New York on business last week and I heard Sean Hannity's radio show on WABC.
How do you press against?
The biggest right wing A-hole in the history of the world.
He was talking about, he said except for Bill O'Reilly, him and Russ Rimbabwe,
there was no intelligence talk radio in the United States if they should,
that they all are bunch of pinko, democratic, left-wing fanatics.
How do you like that?
And well, why would you waste your time listening to him and ask him like that?
I was flipping.
He said that it was drove off the road.
I mean, is he the biggest fastest you've ever heard?
No, he's not the biggest.
He's what of no.
I would just say.
He's an asshole.
They said he has the best ratings in New York, the band of any radio show.
Well, calm down.
Just be glad you don't live in New York.
Okay, I am.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
By the way, speaking of ratings, those trends come out tomorrow, man.
It's going to be, this wrinkled up, dried up, old, fag, man.
We're going to have big numbers.
I can smell it.
Can you smell it?
Oh, that.
You can always smell a big number from a lot of footer to a way, especially if it's
like in somebody's pants.
During the last break, I want you to know that I went in the other than the magic room,
you know what I did?
I don't want to know.
It's not nothing that you haven't done before.
I wiped my eye.
Oh, my brown eye.
Oh, jeez.
Well, no, I mean, I was thinking I was sitting here during the show thinking Jeepers creepers,
I think I've got some seepers.
Well, no, when you're fat, when you're fat, you're not.
Right.
I know.
Sometimes you seep a little out and you just play the lot.
I don't know.
You just have to go in the smell.
You'll license really clean everything.
No, boy, tell, that's really good for that.
How about some tucks?
Sure, if you don't have a bidet.
I do not have a bidet, but I think it's in the works.
19 to 1 at 5, 60 W. Kim, we got our thank goodness Wednesday, 1 to 2 hour boy.
The timing couldn't possibly be better the way this thing is going today.
You know, it's that time of the year again when the mattress rooms and furniture stores run
their phony ad sales.
Dallama actress will ask you this.
If you double the price, offer half off.
Is that really a deal?
No.
Of course not.
Fact is that those stores have to run a sale of their prices nearly as low as Dallama actress sells them each
in every day, 365 days a year.
For this count, prices on dozens of models from the top names in a bin of cili,
surre, temper, pete, ximines, king coral, orster, and foster,
call 1-800-MACRUS-1-800-MATTRES.
No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house, brands, no falls, promises and best of all,
you don't have to pay a premium for the best service available anywhere.
You get service like you've only dreamed about from the delivery team ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
When you call Dallama actress 1-800-MACRUS, don't forget, you pick the day and time you're delivery
within a two-hour window seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
and they'll be sleeping like a baby well the first night, whoever it is.
I've been sleeping on a mattress for about a year, you ought to be doing the same thing.
If the old mattress is lumpy, bumpy, worn out if your back is taking a beating,
here's the way to solve the problem.
With low prices, same day delivery, if you set up and remove the loads easy to see why,
Dallama actress is ranked numero uno in customer satisfaction.
So don't be fooled by those mattress storms or furniture stirrads.
They can't come close to matching all the service and deals you get from Dallama actress.
Pick up the phone and call them right now. They'll be knocking on your door.
No time at all once convenient for you.
1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTRES, or online, it's mattress.com.
My, I, and local, here's sports radio 560's, you a.m.
By the way, I've been giving it some thoughts.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better, go in 6 to 10 and not in 5.
Again, Thailand, the cranky too.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bag.
Strap on to tight.
No chance I'll do a show with you.
I'd rather die.
We'd be crappy together.
Why, I'll have you know that I'm a big puppy too.
From Brooklyn High.
I've been raped by everybody but you.
You're not by time.
Me and Mow, this is that wood blow.
No way that it, we had a fight.
That you'd survive.
Who'd wanna hear a genital.
And push it back.
That's crappy together.
I'm so glad I was born.
I'm so glad I was born.
I'm so glad I was born.
I'm so glad I was born.
I'm so glad I was born.
I'm so glad I was born.
And so would you and me for me is much better, 6 to 10 and not in 5.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might.
Be happy together.
Happy together.
What's out there, baby?
What's out there?
What's out there?
What's out there?
What's out there?
What's out there?
What's out there?
What's out there?
What's out there?
General Clarks went out to 1 p.m.
He's running.
I guess it's kind of like anti-climate.
What happened to my audio in here during that break sky?
Was that like your screw up or was that something?
The audio got quiet all of a sudden.
Oh, it's on that end.
Right.
Not another technical problem on that end.
Oh, they crap on you.
Maybe something will happen.
Now you're going to be shocked by this.
What?
This is going to really please you.
Or like you wouldn't believe.
Before you get into that.
Yes, 340 at the site.
It ain't raining where he is, but it's storming cats and doogs here.
And...
It's sunny and beautiful here right now, but Friday we're getting to the end of the hurricane, yeah?
This room is filling up with the weirdest smell I've smelled in years, and I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
Hey, that...
Hey, God, it's not recognizable as anything I've ever smelled before.
Hmm.
Mystery smell.
Maybe scurrying's hovering in the hallway.
I've smelled that before.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
340 bucks.
So what's our total?
Do we have any idea?
I mean this thing...
The gray hole?
Yeah.
No.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Okay, Miguel is at the corner of Brewer Boulevard in the University Drive on a shell-stating in the QM van.
No, down here are hip-boots.
Miguel just called in.
It is raining by him.
He said it's still 340.
So, which is nobody there?
Partly.
I see.
Well, that's pretty damn weak for your best meal merchandise.
I don't think we're going to even make 25 grand this year.
We had like 22 something.
I don't think if we keep going to El Janie we're going to make it.
Sure.
We'll aim.
Anyway, here's some exciting news with the next three Super Bowl's visiting new stadiums in O'Cales, not known as Winter Destinations.
Houston, Jacksonville, and Detroit.
NFL Commissioner Paul Taglia-Boo was hoping to return to it from India Warmer Host City in 2007,
which is why NFL owners are expected to approve bringing football's big game back to pro player stadium when they meet the 7th in the Washington DC.
2007.
The Commissioner said we wanted to go back to some place that was a warm weather site that had the experience of hosting Super Bowls before it's a Jim Steege.
NFL Senior Vice President of Special Events.
So, this afternoon they'll make it formal.
Now, this fact you sent me really porks my ass.
That piece of Schmidt footy made a comment regarding Cox's passing away.
That's disrespectful to talk ill of the dead.
It says F footy and his Schmidt selling barbecue sauce.
Footies got barbecue sauce?
So, they say.
Oh, see.
I hope he sticks it up his leg.
Oh, God.
That's the secret ingredient.
I'm not going to get upset about it because it's so typical.
Sunset and the league knows it all together.
We got people on here making all kinds of caustic, negative, or comments.
The only people called in here want to know what he got busted for and what kind of negative...
They had to cut soft foot.
Don't blame it on me.
All these years I keep an ony-less, so negative.
I'm not negative.
The town is negative.
That's all they know is negativity.
They thrive on it on a hostility.
Just like the guy that spent like three minutes there when a big build up about his dead mother-in-law,
whatever the hell it was, and then gives me a saw and answer about some dried-up fag crap.
Very weak by the way.
From now on, do it right off the bat.
Don't waste our time.
Do you want to call in and say, you suck more power to you, but get it out of the way.
Here's a lady in Jupiter.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hi.
How are you?
I just moved into up by Jupiter from Miami, and you're absolutely correct.
The crap in Miami is horrendous.
It's so much nicer up here in Jupiter.
That's the middle name in South Florida.
I just wanted to let you know that I think you're great.
I've been listening to you for years.
This is the first time I've called.
And you speak your mind, oh, and Mr. Buds, and I just think you're great.
And I wanted to let you know.
I am great.
I'm also with in reference to George.
Yes.
You know, he's with all due respect, George.
You're not Neil.
You know, he's like so hard to be.
What a sucker.
He said, you bitch.
He said, you bitch.
I'm okay.
Whoever said he was me.
Either you bitch.
Yeah, see that?
He's like this guy.
He's like so hard to be funny, but he's not.
I don't have funny.
He's like hard to be funny, bitch.
He did okay.
What do you work, decent job?
You know, I'm not.
Oh, well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, bitch.
She's hostile and she moved to Jupiter.
And of course, George is very pleased about that.
Very straightforward.
Maybe that was down.
Maybe that was that aroma.
Oh, maybe it's coming down from Jupiter.
See, I need these calls where you want to suck my ass in and rip George, or the other way, right?
It's so, it's just a waste of time.
Oh, you know, it's old and boring and ponderous.
You know, oh, you're so great.
I'm not impressed by that.
I know how good I am.
I know how well I've done for almost the...
About third amazin' his town.
I don't know.
I hear the other crap that's on a year.
I don't need that.
It's not interesting if I'm listening to a show.
Oh, hi, Larry.
Your show is so entertaining.
You're so wonderful.
You ask all the right questions, you know, stuff like that.
Uh-huh.
Terminal, it's ponderous.
It's like for old people, you know?
Hey, Neil.
I'm not an easy one.
I'm not an easy one.
I'm not an easy one.
I'm not an easy one.
And by the way, George, you suck and you're well else than she say you're like...
I'm not me.
And you're not funny.
Well, we know you're not.
I don't know what they're supposed to be.
He's George, okay?
He didn't find you out this summer.
We took a poll on that and like a few people said they like...
About third amazin'.
And about 5,000 said they say, yeah, whatever.
Whatever it is.
If you don't like it when he's on, don't listen.
That's all I...
It's like the barking at the moon at dog again, you know?
I just don't understand people like that.
When he's on, it's pretty obvious.
You know, if I'm not there, if it's a summertime,
if I take a day off like last Friday in Georgia's show,
Hey, if you don't like him, if you don't like me, bye-bye.
That's never bothered me.
This is the last time I'm listening.
Great.
You know, I'm not going to change the show for one asshole
that calls inner five assholes.
Or 50 of them.
Maybe...
About third amazin'.
That might do it.
But it's just ridiculous.
You know, this colonel talk showed it like bellyic
and it's like I said negative, negative, negative, negative.
And she's talking about crap in Miami.
How do you like that?
Give a love.
Yeah, feel the love.
I can feel it all the way up here.
I hate to break the news to you.
I don't want to get you all depressed and bed out of shape.
But I'm looking out there's not a cloud this guy.
It's sunny, it's 72 degrees.
It's going to be 77 this afternoon.
There's not a chance of rain.
And so you know what Friday afternoon we'll get the ass end of Isabel.
And Big Deal will survive it.
We survived SARS twice here.
We survived the goddamn West Nile and the Amad Cow
and the attainted meat and the goddamn blackout and everything else.
And we'll survive it.
Everybody here still walks around with a smile on their face
and they hold the door open for you.
And they say hello on the elevator.
And they're friendly and are decent and they're like human beings,
as opposed to you know, like that.
So if anybody wants to know why I love Toronto so much
or like I almost anywhere that's not South Florida,
it's because it's not South Florida.
Because the people are civilized and they're like,
have some cool but the which side is up and which side is down.
And they seem generally speaking to get along together.
All these different people, these schmottaheds and Chinese
and whatever the hell they are.
Just people.
And suppose the South Florida everybody hates each other.
Oh, speak English, speak English.
You know, yeah.
And I'm sorry.
Like crap and silly crews at the stadium.
Oh God.
You can't call Miami a third world country like a tenth world place
with that Ilyana Rosanna, Dana bitch.
All this other crap going on.
That Jose Basuto.
Always the same old tired garbage man.
Hacking the same baloney.
All those people playing in Fats Domino Park.
135 votes for Wesley Clark rhymes with Fats Domino Park.
Who'd you like to see as Democratic presidential candidate next year?
Wesley Clark 135.
I don't care.
They all suck.
See there's what I'm talking about.
103 said they all suck.
That's nice.
18.9%.
Howard D 96, Bob Graham 71.
I don't care. I'm from Bush 64, 11.7%.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Get yourself an IQ test.
Get yourself a brain transplant.
John Kerry 19, L. Sharpton 18.
John Edwards 13.
Dennis Cassinij 8.
Dick Gebhardt 7 people in this audience are for Dick.
Jew Lieberman 6.
And Carol Mosley Braun out of 543 votes.
She's still sitting on three.
Look at that on the Playboy channel.
They're sitting on two to what?
Two big 1256 at 560 WQ and two big for Clarence is what he said.
He ran like a son of a bitch.
Maybe that's what you smell.
Maybe those are the actor burners leaving that aroma.
Hey, if you're looking for a great playstead breakfast lunch,
you didn't let me tell you about Vickoners.
And I'm looking across the lake right now.
Look at that.
There's Rochester.
There's Vic.
There's Erv.
You know, I wonder if there really was a Vickoner.
You know what?
I wonder if there was a Don and Bob.
Anyway, Vickoner is from my hometown of Rochester.
I ate there a zillion times.
And loved it.
Vickoner has been around since 1934.
And a good news for people in South Florida who love those white hats
and all their other Rochester food.
Vickoner is located on federal highway.
Just south of Barred Boulevard of the tunnel on the east side.
Vickoners is a flashback to time when restaurants were really a great
before the fast food came along.
Go and enjoy a real hamburger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast.
Vickoner versus Brought to Florida.
They'll buy the same guys who feed you Cheeberg or Cheeberg.
Vickoner versus uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as Cheeberg or Cheeburger.
And offers an incredible quarter pound hot dog.
You have had a wiener in your life and you're a pus in a long time like that.
What makes Vickoner is different from anybody else in town.
I'm glad you asked because the burgers and dogs are served with
the Vick signature meat sauce poured on top, giving you a combination of flavors available
no place else in town.
So if you're looking for something else to try, Vickoner versus a lot kinds of great dishes,
including great breakfast menu, omelettes, cooked to order, French toast, pancakes,
all your favorite side dishes too.
So stop by Vickoner versus whether you're from Rochester or not.
You'll still love it and see what all it's all about.
Vickoner is on federal highway.
Just south of Barred Boulevard of the tunnel on the east side.
Be sure to tell them that old Neil Rogers from a wiener driving Brighton sent you by to Vickoner.
My life and love, this is 435 City.
Way to A.M.
On a span of since Fearless Vida has won Natasha in I know-Lo
to have to look for a motion squirt.
Instead we listen to the Neil Rogers parent and balance went to two hours.
Like this swish boom!
I love it and it would not have asked me to swish boom!
My co-worker Charlie, he's a real character.
For the man, how you doing?
Hey great game, us, Nina!
Some balls ever seen the next shoot better than the last night.
I mean it was like boom three points, boom three points,
time to get boom three points, they're taking it home right now.
Love to talk sports at work.
Pretty much all the time.
The guy pops to the infield right, lets you go right, roll style field,
they drive it, meanwhile the dogs just bring another one home right up,
taking a hootscoach in these guys, right?
That is, while the rest of us are trying to work for a living.
She'd be an exception last time, who was like, boom, we're going downtown,
answer on federal highway.
That's why I decided to tell Charlie about LaBadaville.
And over the counter medication made especially for overactive conversation lists.
Because my co-workers and I, well, we were concerned about Charlie.
Now with LaBadaville, Charlie can relax.
And we can get some work done, right Charlie?
Charlie?
Just blink your eyes twice if you can hear me Charlie, okay?
Okay Charlie, I'll wipe the drool.
Hey great game last night huh?
That's acting non-Jr. LaBadaville.
You don't need to make it.
My candidacy is all about big changes I commend them.
What about those orgies you had?
Outrageous.
What are your qualifications?
I have no experience, I'm a woman nice and I'm terrible, a terrible guy.
What's your plan?
Here's my plan.
I decided to get a bikini wax.
And then the end, the crazy deficits spending.
Oh!
It really comes down to this.
How?
Game over.
You from the makers of co-tests?
It's vibrates.
Fibrates.
The super absorbacy and convenience you expect from co-tests.
But with three speed vibrating action now that turns a week of mood swings, bloating
and cravings, into a week of smiles, squeals and shutters of delight.
Fibrates.
Each insert has a built-in mini vibrator powered by an energizer watch battery that keeps going
and going and going.
Just pull the string to change speeds from two to two.
So the next time your special friend pays you a visit, put a smile on her face.
From the makers of co-tests, it's vibrates.
Fibrates.
Just wait for the box to keep chopping up and down on the shelf.
And cruising, waiting, and you're jumping, G.T.
And show your bodies and hearts in the keys.
They feel like the sourcing cold, your dreams.
Feels like we're all too weak, please.
Guys who like halters and tank tops and short pants will have to wait for next year for our next
lance.
Can hang it, pulls in our speedos or briefs.
Those are a few of our favorite themes and a songer.
What's up, um?
Halt some scumbag blasts.
We'll just have to wait till it's warmer, I think.
Until you can see more ass.
Azia's weren't fine, and if our edition take one.
Hello sports fans, I'm Azia's born.
The Prince of F***ing Football.
This year looks like it's going to be exciting in the NFL.
One team to definitely watch out for are the Green Bay Packers.
Cut, Azia, that's Packers.
Oh?
Packers, Green Bay Packers.
Not Packers?
Okay, okay.
Okay, can we start again?
Can we start it over?
Give me a second.
In the AFC Central, you have to watch out for the upstart Cleveland Browns.
Browns?
What the f*** is a Brown?
Cut!
What?
How about those New England guys?
The f***ing Patriots or something like that?
That reminds me of when I was growing up in England.
Right in Birmingham.
We were poor family.
Azia, stick to the script if you can, please.
F*** you, I'm the Prince of F***ing Football.
Cut! Cut!
Shen!
Ah, David Brown.
In the AFC, you have to like the Falcons, the Bears, the Panthers and Lions.
Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm...
In line, it's a f***ing zoo.
Where all these f***ing Falcons and Panthers and s***.
Is this football or mutual or mama's wild f***ing kingdom?
Cut it!
That's all that's on the cue column, I know what do you want me to do about it.
That just raps my pants.
Let's all put this week on Azia's board.
The Bricks of F***ing Football.
Shen!
He's a super star.
In the AFC, you can name him.
He's keeping his pretty wife and children.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
He was a shy.
He's keeping his family.
He's keeping his family.
That day in Eagle Club Vado, he won the fast of Mauro.
But now he's changing his mind.
Now what we should say is, no more hearty, fruagy.
Unless it's his lurchy.
Now Kobe knows he's got a good lawyer to beat the cheerleader on his crew.
His wife won't say a thing when the fiddle won't get ready for his crew.
Suffering from constipation, Meta Muscle can help.
Meta Muscle.
For those times when you want to push, push it real good.
Meta Muscle.
It's always the same old story.
You and your pals can't agree on what to watch.
I want to watch stock car racing.
I want to watch stock.
Well now you can both be happy with a NASCAR PGA channel.
It's two great sports on one channel.
Watch Jeff Gordon with his number 24 Chevrolet wide open.
Whoa, past Jim Purek on the 18th hole of the Bielec open.
The NASCAR PGA channel never before had two acronyms combined to unite such diametrically opposed spectator sports.
Here's Tiger Woods on the green at 8th.
And here's the junior in the bit number 8.
Look out to groups of athletes both shooting for the checkered flag stick.
The adrenaline.
The relaxation.
The NASCAR PGA channel.
The NASCAR PGA channel is a subsidiary of the fingerscage in the high channel.
Be there!
Well there is the price of gasoline.
I don't think enough to fill my tank.
If I want to drive up to the mountains first I have to stop being robbed of pain.
On the catch we had for our vacation.
We just fed it all at the location.
While there is the price of super unleaded worth the profit I had not been bought.
This summer when I take my boat out the engine I'm happy to win with the bear of gold.
You know that if the price is too much fire I'm going to have to set the price of fire.
Why did they raise the price?
Denies!
Action news reveals who else is running for California Governor.
Homer!
Why are you running for Governor?
I can be a jerk and no one can stop me!
What are your qualifications?
Decisive, uncompromising and rude.
How would you balance the budget?
Taxes, spending reductions?
Something very close exactly along those lines.
What do you think about the other candidates?
Candidates make me want to vomit and tear it.
Oh what is with the smooth part?
That's tonight on action news.
If you're elected would you decrease your beer consumption?
Beer.
Maybe?
I have a very short attention span.
I'm awake, jerk!
That's class one at five sixty WQM.
It's our big Wednesday one to two of comedy bits.
Thank the Lord for that.
There we go.
Oh yeah.
Five sixty.
QAN.
Right.
Okay we have five hundred and sixty bucks.
Well we better do a lot.
We better get over a thousand today over there at the van hit or I'm going to be really depressed.
I don't care if it's like raining cats and dogs and they're like gigantic ice balls falling from the sky.
And pellets and crap and among.
I don't care.
Asteroids.
Exactly.
I don't care if they're staining assholes.
Okay.
Let's get that money going for a band and pet rescue and let's quit with the excuses.
It's like it's like the attendance at ball games.
It's the same thing.
Oh what is a cloud in the sky?
Or there's like two feet of standing water.
I can't get my robot.
Get with it.
The girl is waiting on you man right at the corner of Broward and University where the great intersections in Broward County right there at the Shell Station.
I mean is there anybody who doesn't know where that is?
No.
No.
Even to people like in a...
Alliance for a county know where that is.
In Okahumpga.
At the turnpike plaza they know where it is.
Broward University in the Shell Station.
Look for the Q&A.
And look for the lovely McGail in there.
Maybe you'll get lucky.
But I doubt it.
And you got the best meal CDs and a mohawar David and absolutely changes all that stuff for a band and pet rescue for a good cause.
Shell out some cash and shell.
Okay and get with it between now and two o'clock.
If we don't go over a grand which is going to be very difficult.
I'm going to be pork.
I'll say that right now.
Yeah.
I have an idea that you'll be pork no matter what.
Well, that could be.
I don't know not this kid.
Not on that end anyway.
Oh.
How does that pull come and speak of that?
Who'd you like to see as Democratic presidential candidate this year?
He's going to be announcing any second by the way any minute, pretty soon when he gets around to it.
Wesley Clark 142 he's running.
I don't care they all suck 108.
Howard Dean 101.
Bob Graham 73.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 68 11.9%.
Hard-ass morons.
John Kerry 19.
Now sharp to 19.
Kind of scary.
Sharpen Scott.
I would scare.
I carry John Edwards.
The psychic man.
John Edwards got 14.
Dennis Kucinich 8.
Dickib Hart 7.
Julie Roman 6.
And Carol Mosley Braun still got three out of five but in 71.
Nice going girl.
If you're on the Atkins' ad or any of the low-carb sugar-free diet then here's a story.
You're going to fall in love with it.
By the way, Skippy, I understand you're a real pain in the ass that you got your head up
screw and asses when I'm here.
Get us some copies Skippy.
You're doing nothing.
You inherited all of these wonderful accounts from Brian Schmutz and you're doing nothing.
You wouldn't know service.
I do the only thing he services is screw in.
Even better than...
Roy!
The lights of Westbocus got over 9 head with low-carb sugar-free products in stock.
The entire store is dedicated to you people trying to lose that weight on low-carb diets.
Be sure and try their new low-carb instant cup of soup.
Just add water, pop it in the old microwave.
It's a low-carb meal in a cup and four delicious flavors.
Be sure and try the simply delicious low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast.
And they've got a long, long, long list low-carb hot cocoa apple cider.
Blonde these brownies, they're great-selective low-carb pasta sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates,
they're real flaming famous carbolite ice cream, Judy's low-carb peanut brittle.
Carbolite would eat chocolate and vanilla shakes.
These are low-carb meals in a can.
The almond snack cakes and six delicious flavors in the atlas brand.
Chocolate, crisp and chocolate, been bars, they're delicious and thank the Lord.
No more multitall whatsoever.
And of course at the delights you can try anything in the store before you buy it.
And all the Atkins brand products are on sale today.
Next, sookas all day every day.
So stop by if you're dining because you're going to fall in love with this store.
They're open daily 10 to 10.
You'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glaze in 441.
Next to Boston Market safely far enough away from most house you won't smell them.
Call them toelfree at 1-877 Low-Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
It's the light-so-west mocha your official Atkins retail center.
My life and look all this is Sports Radio 560.
Way to AM.
Packwood can't keep his packer in his pants.
This is real A-Prend and you won't have to go to the duke.
I had a chicken cake.
Welcome.
When they shoot you away.
To Tio on a web of moon is blue.
Double is blue.
Button with our right wing censorship.
There are words that must have slay.
Yes.
Who do we tell you how I feel for K?
K.
K.
K.
K.
K.
K.
K.
K.
K.
Tell her I'm a service day.
And the FCC won't let me sing this.
So I'm not going to say now if you see K.
Take her hand.
Tell me say that after this transmission
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, with this K.
If you wanna.
I'll see you with Tio.
Wanna go, wanna go.
But gotta see you with Tio.
Wanna go.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh and rain.
Oh and rain.
 it comes to Jackson it always is.
When people really need me.
I dream the same things.
Yeah alright, my only thought
I'm going to focus on my way there's some thing
I think it's good to sleep here.
But at most I think,
you want to explore your body.
No, but I'm not.
I'll just be happy,
my friend takes me to piecesavolyy emptyo.
She wears a lot of beautifully
She won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her weird.
I want to give you a kiss.
Welcome.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an elbow, a picture of her opening.
When she then sitting on.
She seemed as if she could be.
But I could clearly see.
She was the kind of girl who stole that heart.
She said she was an actress.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her weird.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the dream that thens all's been.
We're shared a sight and we shared our tales.
But as my heart cries the lever behind.
Regrets are all mine, because I hope that you've met girl in the end.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her weird.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
We're class foods.
It's part of the Philip Norris family.
And we know what your kids want for dinner.
More class, nicotine and cheese please.
It's class-owned, creamy, delicious, processed cheese melted over pure, hugely addictive nicotine.
Kids love it.
It's the nicotine.
It's the cheese.
No, you're right. It's the nicotine.
My kids can't get enough of class nicotine and cheese.
Where is it you old hag? Where is it?
Now Billy, stop digging under those deep cushions.
I've got more nicotine and cheese right here.
Great mom.
Mmm, class nicotine and cheese.
It's the nicotine.
Class nicotine and cheese, part of the Philip Norris family.
We keep trying to distance ourselves from being an evil representative of tobacco-related death.
But somehow it just isn't working.
And we couldn't keep this drowsiness naked in his pants.
Well, he calls a brush-baskin' as the younger of a fool.
She said it's not my job.
I didn't want to be rude.
She knocked on the door and then went to her surprise.
It was her that he was after lots of burger and fries.
She said she didn't want it, but he claimed it was world-mountain.
And Toby couldn't keep this lactaffey in his pants.
Well, class nicotine and cheese, part of the biggest bitch in the whole Bible.
It's the two biggest bitches and one big piece of it too.
Well, that boy, that girl.
I'm running to the bitch, I'm shooting to the bitch and Wednesday Saturday she's a bitch.
Yeah, I'm from the bitch, you ain't ever seen a bitch before.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.
And I've said she lives in Jupiter too.
There's Wesley Clarke.
And in a time of war, he's running.
To ask those questions and propose those alternatives
in the highest sense of patriotism.
Yeah!
That's her, for Wes.
So we are going to hold the administration accountable
for its policy.
He said basically bushes and an asshole. I think we knew that but I'd like to hear him sent
So we got the 587 votes on the pool, which is very appropriate. You see when we have our thumb on the pulse
Right, I just checked the Sun sentinel website by the way
There's anything on there about Don Cox dying in no
And Jake has even got his column all prepared another one of those puff pieces about some stupid chauffeur tomorrow
Anything about Don Cox passing away no
The Sun Sentinel is evil folks. They're the anti-Christ
They make the hero look good. I never dreamed I could say that
Wow
590 votes on the pool Wesley Carkey's kick an ass man. Thorick deficits see 148 votes for West
I don't care. They also come to the 12 Howard Dean 104 Bobby Graham 76 B.D. Is and all we like Bobby Graham
I don't care. I like I am for Bush 72 12.2 percent mental defectives
John Kerry 20 L sharp to 19 John Edwards 14
Lot of dead people gonna vote for him which is big and South Florida by the way
Dennis Cassinich 8 Dick Kim are at 7 7 like dick Jew Lieberman 6 and Kira mostly Brown is moving up to 4
He's moving long man very slowly
Like the turtle is not what it was
Every now and then she pokes her head out
26 past one at 560 WQ and poke your how get your head out of the sand if you're a plunger out there
If you're gambling on all these ball games that are going on now and do your gambling with people you can trust VIP sportsbook
Com so thought is best sports book by far hands down your pants even the learned Ken Maldon will tell you about them and
Dave Hagan everybody on a station's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail will tell you VIP sportsbook
Don com is where it's at because they're not one of those bookie outfits
It's in the jungles of some 10th world country
They're the oldest and largest sports book in the highly trusted Netherlands where they really know their cramp
100% legal in licensed as well. So listen to me listen to Ken Maldon listen to Dave Hagan and call VIP sportsbook.com
toll free at 1-866 VIP best because VIP sportsbook.com to put it simply in language
You can all understand is South Florida's best son up now
You can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams juice free all year long and god if there's one thing
I'd love to be it's juice free you want about the dolphins
It's 100 to 100 you want about the hercones it's 100 to 100 so forget about the vigorous all sonops get a real 20% cash bonus
Not some phony funny money match play bonus VIP sports book.com. That's where you find them online or call them
toll free and start punching your guts up call 1-866 VIP best that's 1-866 VIP best
Be sure you tell me heard about it here on sports and erotic wq a m
VIP sportsbook.com where make no mistake about it you be the VIP
Bluter as a way to retaliate and wipe that smile of the yellow juggles is from the rest
Swap therestage
Oh, no play much better than any rabbits.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
We still like the Japanese weasel.
I can't even think where the stampons are.
The amount of good things can't fight.
Where we are also.
All we got is one bit of time.
We pray to Allah that's our prayer.
Listen to the G-Hide, but what can the rock and no sound of the town of town?
Smelly camel, don't you that don't think about our music?
Great thing, oh, you think that's me?
Don't care where the women are at.
There's plenty of standing in two-grab.
When he's quiet down, I look between his knees.
Hey, what's that thing?
I see the angle.
We have to do the G-Hide, but what?
I think he became eating halabano, bone, no lights, no motor car.
Not a single doll to eat.
Whoa!
He's spreading out the bomb of town.
Well, she once was me turning general.
When she was in charge, it was business as usual.
She's one tough woman and let me tell you that's noble.
Maybe she is.
Well, now all of the Democrats are loving her.
Ever since she said she might run for governor.
Well, there's just one question I'd like to ask her.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Why do you shake?
Cannery know.
Well, you gotta lick a bush if you wanna take control.
Their songs provided the soundtrack for our whole generation.
And now they're finding a whole new audience with a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot more.
And they don't like anything they've ever done before.
It's the best of crossbees, stills, and cash.
Shones you know we're riding.
On the Marrakex Express.
Experience.
Desjavu.
All over again.
When crossbees, stills, and cash unveil a whole different tank on this classic tune.
All houses are very, very, very fun house.
With two cats in the yard.
It's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children.
Mike, I am yours.
You are mine.
Yo, I'm Johnny Cash.
Because we stills, and cash.
Yo, we use the thing like a couple of boys named Sue.
But now the cash register is ringing because we're singing in a whole new register.
You are what you are.
And you make it hard.
The best of crossbees, stills, and cash.
Walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today.
Hey, if you're looking to eat anything, you can be on my tube.
But you shouldn't be buying a thing that don't belong to you.
And so I say, we turn my mother.
I don't want to get it back.
But that's my goal, Billy.
But that's my plan.
And put on the belt.
But that's quite the cost.
For that much money, can buy a lot of times, buy a flow.
If you're the widow, buy a seat.
If you need therapy.
Because the only one does that.
If the three choose their reason.
And so I'm singing, we turn my mother.
Come on, be a pack.
Why would they option?
And my route is now.
Return my mother.
And you've got no right to sell my teeth.
Of that really advice.
Return my mother.
I don't want it back.
Return my mother.
I can't hit a mom.
Return it.
And go through the misery that you've got.
Return my mother.
And I can buy a full spare.
And go through the misery that you've got.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
Return my mother.
All of this you'll have milk.
and with his aggression, Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait.
It's just the way it's going to be.
We ride to Beatsadam, who's aint his head with a pipe.
Sit back and watch his head explode like a mellum way to ride.
He tried to steal away Kuwait and be the only sheep.
And he left Fula free, up for his fate and blow away this heat.
He wanted to be a Abgeordanian, who can pray for it.
Now he were defeated at Kuwait, but built a gun in his city as he managed to be aspitted to this country.
He tried to rebel Devil whole years, took it back.
I'm away!
It's time I'm gonna say!
Ooh!
Saturday morning joint,
Oval Winkle J. Motten is bullied by the Sartam Hussein
For the hat cap,
misadventures of Iraqi and Bollinkov!
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
Oh, my, Rocky! What do you know about this, Adam? Don't ask me! Ask my auntie! H-D-D-D-Hoo! H-D-A-C-F-Hoo! H-D-A-C-F-Hoo! Join us next time for oils, well, that ends well, or kiss your gas, goodbye! Hey, moose! What's weather forecast for today? B-O-M-E-A-O! We're racking in Bowwinkle Saturday morning on New Colonia!
Whichever one's he got, so, uh, gobern yourselves accordingly, I guess. You know, it's that time of the year again when the mattress, storms, and furniture stores run those phony ad sales every year at this time, the same old stuff.
So don't be fooled by those mattress' storms, afforded your stir-rads, they can't come close to matching when you always get every day from down the mattress. Pick up that phone right now and replace that lumpy, bumpy, worn-out old mattress with a great new and unbeatable price. Call 1-800-MACRIS-1-800-MATTRES or check them online at mattress.com.
We're sports radio 560-G-A-M!
G-S-L-S! Hey, who are you?
I am the golden-fuck-news. How can tell by my confidence, smile?
Oh, well, when you wake at me like that, uh, who are those, the distant ones?
Ah, this is me, public. There you are, my little public.
Oh, you have a stat you're feeding them.
I'm spoon-feeding them a fan and balanced diet of misinformation. What's the plain hour?
Look, it's just like the ones that don't flew into the towers.
Woooow!
Certainly looks easy to swallow.
I already have 69% of them leaving Iraq was behind, I love it.
Wow!
One hour-one recollection of them laden should be completely erased.
Amazing how simple they are!
Come on, you have to eat to grow up and be a hero.
Might even be the greatest president in the universe.
Like almighty demons to wash.
Who is in here?
You haven't only in control.
Of course.
They know that if they didn't see it on TV, it simply isn't true.
The candidates all admitted it's as a problem.
Pushed it from unemployment to inflation to our wartime situation.
They say that our nation would discuss locations or thumbs down to just one thing.
Some don't like the way for swans to country.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's exactly why they all know for me.
Yeah, the boys and the labor are into the play.
But they think we're the extra-the-anxious, they think they're fed.
Some don't like the way for swans to country.
All right.
Books on tape presents Madonna's first children's book.
I do not like green eggs and ham.
I do not like to make lots more than six sides at a time.
I will not eat them in a train.
I will not eat breakfast off of Drew Carrey's ass crack.
I will not eat them for a million years.
But I would eat Britney Spears.
Madonna, look on tape.
It made me go.
And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
Funny.
Yes, dear.
Take off my slippers.
Yes, dear.
Now take off my bra.
Yes, dear.
Ooh.
Now slide down and flip off my pants.
Oh, yes, dear.
Thank you.
And don't ever let me catch you wearing my clothes again.
Or swear I'll leave you, pervert.
Yes, dear.
I have you seen the show.
I have you seen the show where everyone's in the know.
Everyone's in the know.
They're all lit up at the scams.
They're shambling fly up except for Joe Spon.
So nice to win all the games.
So win all the games.
Learn everyone's name.
And everyone's name.
But you don't have a clue that it's not true.
You don't have a clue.
Well, he finds out it'll be a shock.
National laughing stockings.
But nobody will see.
Nobody will see us as the sun's rising.
He's such a gallant, simple, sad, car than a movie traffic.
But nobody will see.
Nobody will see.
Doesn't tell us by TV.
Fentil two of five sixty WQM.
Mad Dog coming up and two the Hupper from four to six thirty.
Marlon pregame six thirty.
Humongous game.
Marlon's at the filly seven oh five nine.
Whoever wins that game is going to still be in the in the driver's seat.
For the year wild card.
And he came to the baseball game.
Joe and Mark over nine hundred and twenty bucks for a band and pet rescue.
And Miguel had to leave because he has to poo as it says here.
Right.
That's what he said.
That's what you're saying.
Right.
Well, do you know that or do you just you making it up?
No, as he said, he's got to go.
He says I have to go take a cramp.
Right.
That's not what he said either though.
Schmidt.
Right.
Dump.
Yes.
Did he say had to go take a mohar david?
Oh.
That's not how it is.
It's nine minutes before the hour we got like I said the mad dog coming up top of the hour.
We got balance for life waiting for you with a little black sack that's the key to your losing that weight that you've been desperate.
You're overweight.
You're out of shape.
You're a targic.
You have diabetes or maybe you're right on the edge of it on the edge of a physical disaster.
Balance for life can help you lose that weight.
The painless way because they do all the cooking all the calorie and carb counting all the figure in for you based on the zone diet.
They deliver right to your dough by six o'clock every morning a little black sack.
And in your sack is all the food you need to keep you full all day long.
And I'm talking about keep you full three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, everything fresh delicious made with the best ingredients.
Nothing frozen.
No preservatives, no chemicals, no crap.
It's a real weight loss program.
Not some kind of a fatter or gimmick.
And it's the only company by the way.
Let's choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day to try and program you fill out your little menu.
You fax it back to them and voila.
There it is at your door every morning.
So let balance for life help you lose the weight like even the disgusting beast is doing right now.
Call balance for life at this number and get started.
You'll be seeing results on those scales within a matter of days.
954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or check them out of the web at balanceforlife.com.
I am lost.
This is 420-562-QAM.
Chetty.
Yeah baby.
Get down with that ruined wow-wow.
I dropped in on the floor.
I was turning blue.
I died right after you.
I was never thought that I would die.
It does ain't time that Johnny has to do.
Shelf the ambulance door.
Shelf the ambulance door.
There's nothing else you can do.
Johnny and I threw a picture of that generator pass away with the boy named Sue.
I think I may have thought something when I thank you for summer's that day.
I always thought you were a fool.
Well let me show like you blew.
Oh it was it all was from the alcohol and it looked okay.
I was a star of the two.
And now we're both in the two.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die.
From being able to take you together.
I should ever keep things on.
A big back must be trapped inside my bowels.
How can you die from infected parts?
You're let these put your doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You schmucks at Sinai.
Throw my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami.
With the kind of service you can get in this town.
I would act in the mean too.
I'll roll if I didn't eat that well I swallowed.
Why can't you let me so you can ask?
Why can't you lose us?
Get it right.
My bowels were blocked inside my hiding.
I can't wait to go out.
It's good time.
Some of them are brown.
And some are gray.
And some are gray.
And one is six foot eight.
And one of them is a girl.
And likes to strip in LA.
Call her for your free show.
A free collection day.
Swords and nigger home.
He does it self-termany.
And a very special hustler.
Who likes to tell you.
He likes to see the light.
And for Gary Coleman.
We're almost in on your plate.
Call her for your free show.
It's a weird election save.
Things are looking down on the weekend.
For the golden stage.
And October 7th October 7th.
And the time of faith.
I would vote for Reagan.
For Reagan.
It was hell today.
It was hell today.
California free show.
It's such a freaky state.
MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged.
I want a f**k you like an animal.
Damn it this thing's not.
