Neil Rogers where are you Neil?
Between a rock and a hard place, baby
I'll be here. Well listen. I'm gonna turn it over that'll do it
Hey, by the way, you look really good in that chair. We all been talking about it
Look really good in fact. There's a name on that chair if you look on the bottom of it says dog
I don't know if it's this big dog mad dog everybody's a dog around it little dog. Yeah, we got we got all kind of dog
All dog around here, Bushman, whatever says something over there
Nice to see again. Oh, it's nice to be a match here up, baby. It's got your name on you with a man dog check
I'm gonna say maybe one of you can alternate sitting in each other's lap in a chair
I was wondering if he might want to switch like one morning heat
He gets to do the 8 to 10 and I'll do the 2 to 4 you think that sounds like good idea sounds like a wiener to me
All right, yeah have a good one Neil you too, Joe. All right, yeah
Boyd Pettit is dead
I'm a Xia
Exploiting 9-11 for a global empire
George Bush is a liar
And he's the unelected by House Odd Defire
Dick Cheney will co-witch, Richard Pearl and other Dick
Andrew Card, Tarot, Robin Mark, Patrick, Kick Co
Absolutely
Neil Bush, Kent Bush, George P and Daddy Bush
Preston and Columbus, no well-knough to mention
Marvin?
Trader Bob, no facts, Capsy, IA in the fact
Rumsfeld says, all is well and other soldier does
A jubilut?
Outspoken Democrat, in the mail they get in
Brack, Tarnahan, well-stoned, and before their time
George Bush is a liar
Like always corporate me, all kind with that same hard-on
George Bush is a liar
And the sinister media, as you believe in
George Bush is a liar
This song is something that'll never get on their channel
George Bush is a liar
A traitor and dignity in a criminal PC
George Bush is a liar
Why you liar?
Why you liar?
Why you liar?
Yeah, look, 10 on 3 at 5, 60 at WQM Happy Friday
Did George is here for a cameo appearance today in the other room?
Except no substitute
Uh, yeah
Oh, there's a lot to come back, could be said about that but a better not be
So here we go, Lloyd Pettit died
He was the long-time voice of the
um, Chicago Black Hawks for the hockey fans out there
He died?
He died November 11th in Milwaukee, the age of 76
He was uh, big with a Milwaukee boxy
And his wife donated money to build the Milwaukee's Bradley Center
And he was pretty big in the Midwest, Lloyd Pettit died, he's dead
And the Earth Cups in the died at 91 a couple of days ago
From Cups Column in Chicago
Ho?
Right
And also Tony Thompson died
Well, somebody is faxing me about dead people
He died?
Not Tommy Thompson, the cheesehead
Tony Thompson
noted session drummer was a member of two super groups in the 70s and 80s
See, I shouldn't have eaten that omelette
I mean, thanks a lot Troy for balance for life
It was really delicious as shrimp omelette
I didn't need it, I didn't want it
And now, and I, you know, now my throat's all like full of crap
You know what I mean?
Flamie
Ah!
Ah!
Like that
I didn't want that
As holes, why does Troy Stratford do that to me?
Troy, you're not a bad guy and thanks for the shirts from my buddy Shelley Bloom
But Jesus Christ, man
Haven't I been screaming?
I don't want food in here
I had like two strips of bacon yesterday
It's the only food I've eaten in here all week long
And here comes my buddy Troy
With two big sacks of stuff, you know
Good stuff
But I don't want it
I don't need it
I don't want it
Good stuff, there's a nice cookie in there too
Should I eat that?
No, I'm gonna go get it
I'm gonna get it now
Ah!
Ah!
You're gonna die
You'll send my blood sugar way up
I see that
I think it's like an oatmeal cookie
Help me, one raisin, they were great
They're really delicious
And they send my, they're full of sugar
And they'll send my bloccee
If you're on a balance for life
You wouldn't select this
If you're diabetic like me
Because you know, it's gonna send your blood sugar way up
Made with honey
Mmm
Mmm
Do it
Man, oh man
It'll be sick by noon
Good, then I can go home early
Sounds good to me
Grab my junior honey
Yeah, I'm okay
Anyway, what the hell was I doing here?
I'm trying to do a goddamn radio show
We're talking about dead people
Tony Thompson
noted session drummer is a member of two super groups in the 70s
The disco funk group Sheik
So I'd beg hits with Leia Freak
Good times in dance dance dance
I thought that was the Beach Boys dance dance dance
Different song
And later Superstar Rock Group power station
Which included the late Robert Palmer
I had top ten hits with some like it out and get it on
I had November 12th in Los Angeles
A renal self-cancer at age 47
renal self-cancer
He died?
47
So thanks a lot for the dead people
Whoever faxed that to me
Die like flies, I'm telling you
Here's the result of yesterday's pull
And I'm driving home for my mother's at lunch yesterday
By the way, mom's doing just fine
Doing better than most of us
Damn it
Anyway, she's doing okay
Well good
I knew he'd be very concerned
And I'm driving home. It's about a quarter to two
And I'm listening to the mad dog
And here's a series of callers
And of course, you know
I mean everybody's entitled their opinion
No it was a quarter to four
I take that back
Because it was almost the end of it
How could it be?
It was going to wonder how
I left you early
Far be forever
It's my blood sugar is already going up from the cookie
I can see it
And the calls of course
Well you know
I spent the whole day with Ferrell today
Jim and he wants to thank you
You're the only one on that station
Who told it like it was
And you were the one who was nice to him
And really a friend
Baba ba ba ba ba
And I had the idea
Well I want to say right now
As much as I love the mad dog
And I really do
We don't always agree on everything
And that's fine
But a lot of you callers out there
It's easy to open up a big mouth
When you're on the outside of a situation
Looking in and you have no idea
What's really going on in here
Everybody out there is an expert
And by we really like them
You know something I like them
I thought he was a hoot
And now we say that
I thought it was a hoot
But the fact of the matter is
He dug his own grave
And now he only dig his own grave
But every time somebody tried it
Like extend a hand to pull him out
He'd like heap more dirt on it
And like dig it
Like he had a shovel inside the ground
It was digging deeper to try to go to China
Now anybody out there
Whether they spent the day with him
Or whether they're best of friends
Or whatever else
You can bullcrap all you want
Because nobody supported him
Or in the station that I did
Including a supposed good buddy Mo
He was dancing on his grave yesterday morning
You're an asshole Mo
And I managed to get to the whole week
And never saw Mo once
I was going to write that in my diary
I got through a whole week at QM
And never saw that miserable bastard one
And the beast figured it out
The dog ran off with his hairpiece
That's why he's been wearing them silly hats all week
So you haven't seen him
You haven't seen the ganks the cat
I haven't been anywhere near him
I didn't see him
I didn't smell him
And he should only rot and heal the moment
He's smelling like a felon
And he's supposedly a
For else good friend
You know
Well, I'm the weed known inside of for years
And then
Then yesterday morning
He's dancing on his grave
Which I will dance on your grave Mo
But just like I'm on the cover of our CD
No, I will
I'll fart in his face
And I'll dance on his grave
And we'll give me great pleasure
Because he's a hateful, miserable prick
And if a girl thinks that's his brain
Well, good luck to him
You know, and a mad dog's got his construction business
And sure, I'm out of town most of the time
But you don't have to be here to really get the flavor of what's going on
Plus, I heard some other incredible stories here this morning
That I wasn't even aware of
But one thing I neglected yesterday
Which after the break I want to get to it
Because it's very important for the audience to understand
Who think that
Wow, you know, it's just a few ugly words
Neal says worse stuff than that
And he got blown out
Important for the audience to understand
Really some of the stuff that went on
He wasn't going to be fired on Wednesday
He was going to be suspended
And then it is a termination to be made
TBA to be announced
After like a face to face it down
After a 24 hour cooling off period
Can we salvage this one more time
For the 500th time, you know
And then sit
Well, I'll get to that
Save it
Tease it
Win and down
Get in there
Yeah
Man, what a week
I should know how to pick him, don't I
You're a magical
But I'll be gone soon
1009 at 560 WQ
And hey, speaking of low carbs
Hmm, well I'll cook you
Well
You're good
Well, why did he do that to me
Evil
Troy Schreffer, I hate you like poison
Of course
And asshole
Why did he doesn't need to bring me in
Oh, I know what all the food is
I had enough of his food to sink a battleship
It's really fast through
No, I like it
That is good
They are good
Really
God, and unfortunately
See, there's the difference
It's good that we're doing this spot now
Right
Made with pressure
This cookie is made with like honey and sugar
And it's loaded with card sugar
The ones you'll find at the lights don't have that
You know
They've got the other stuff
And they're sure you're substitute
And they're still taste delicious
But your blood sugar doesn't go skyrocketing
And
If your honey addkins are the low carb diets
You don't have to worry about a lot of carbs
Because they're basically almost none
And so many of their great products like
The Southern Delight Chocolate Chip Cookies
Sounds good to me
Or Walnut Brownies by Control Carb
For all you brownie hunts
There are over a thousand different low-carb products
And stock at Delight
So all you addkins and low carb diets are
There are even the ones who are following that Susan Summers
Oh, she was peddling sweaters on the shopping channel yesterday
I'm channel surfing and there she was again
And I turn on that sweaters
See, she's just the whore is what she is
Yeah, everyone's got to get paid
Jesus, Suzanne, you crazy bitch
Flaxo meal granola, cranberry mac rages
It says with no maltato
Which means you won't be spending all day on the pot
Judy's low-carb peanut brittle
Blitz stoked mince
Champion light drinks are back in five delicious flavors
Cup of soups
All you do is add water pop it in the microwave for a great meal
Control carb brownies
Seven flavors with almost no carbs at all
And like I said, over a thousand these great products
And stock to give you some varieties
Some taste to keep you on your low-carb diet
It's a story you're going to fall in love with
And of course you can try anything to store before you buy it
At Delights, they're open every day
Seven days a week
They got all the addkins products on sale today
Next you've always
And every day all day every day
They're on the northeast corner of Glades Road
And 441 next to Boston Market
Safely several miles away from Moes House
Call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb
That's with the WLOW-C-A-R-B
Or on a web you'll find them at lowcarb.com
Delights West Booker story you'll love
It's your official Atkins retail center
MINDING LOCO
This is five-sitting
The radio's on yours
You ain't
That's a crow-bottom right here, homeboy
From the producers of American Idol
From the heartwarming collection of favorites
And interpreted by America's sweetheart
Terri Shival
Of course she loves to sing
Look how she smiling
Moes
Moes
Moes
Moes
Moes
Moes
From room 214 C
Another exploitation available now
From the supplicant breath
I feel the love
The love
Oh
Oh
That's Terri Shishir can call them out
Absolutely
10-15 at 5-60 W-Cerm
So here's the poll we took yesterday
The second poll
But do we have a response in this?
Here what?
Huh?
But I do want to say it again
I'm hearing these calls on Mandage
You show yesterday
Driving home from mommy's about a quarter to four
I thought I was going to lose my mind
You know everybody's entitled their opinion
But the fact of the matter is
All these instant armchair quarterbacks out there
Who we didn't know what's going on
You don't know squat, okay
All 99% of you have any idea what you're talking about
Is what you hear from other people on the year
And then I find out some of the stories
Which I'm not going to repeat them
Because I was asked not to repeat them
The stuff going on in here
I mean it
It's a miracle like I said yesterday
That lasted that long
It's a miracle
So anybody who thinks that
Forbunnel got the short end of the stick in this place
Is dreaming
And again
I like the guy
But he's a hard
What's the word I'm looking for?
Not to crack
A hard and very
He's a hard coconut to crack man
I'll take that
I mean it's hard to penetrate that skull
And get the message through in there
Okay
Just ease back for a little while
For a few months
Cut the crap
And take the mind of the bank
Which is what I kept telling him
Over and over again
Would he do it?
No
Would he listen to me?
No
Well listen to anybody
Because you don't shut up long enough to listen
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
And this business
I get faxes from people saying
Well you know that act with that voice
There's no act
And there's no phony voice
That's it
That's exactly
What you see is what you get
Little more profanity off the air
A little more
Not too much
14
Is that possible?
1460 votes on a pool from yesterday
Who would you like to see replaced for all
For me to 10 on QAM
And wouldn't you know there's the little dog
And they're already this morning
With nice seeing Joe
Joe's a good guy
Yes he is
Nobody don't like Joe Rose
And like I said every now and then
A little bit of a backstab
Ha ha ha ha
I've always said
I don't know why he said that about him
I guess because it's true
Who do you step?
I don't know
We'll figure it out
I've forgotten it so long now
But it was kind of interesting
Because I heard him talking about
Wow
You know it's like old times again
Here's the beast
And Joltey and Gryper in here
Gryper should have been fired
By the way again
Clarence
Now here's the deal
Augurantia
The Clarence is doing Gryper
The other way around
They're doing it
No seriously
Because the thing that broke the camels back on Wednesday morning
I said this yesterday I'll say it again
One of the things that dismayed
The middle-level management people here
Was the fact that what Ferrell said
Wasn't dumped and it went on the air
Now you know as well as I do
That they've been watching
Like they've been dumping crap left and right in there
So if the audience thinks you know
Stuff that's on the air
Well I wasn't all that bad
That's the stuff that got on the air
Okay right
They've been hit that dump button
Like it was a guy
Them pesa container
They were gonna get another delay
So that they could do double dump
Double dump
I've had those days
In fact a couple of days ago
How about the 20
How about an hour from now
No
Oh yeah that's the egg ramblet
And the cookie
Thanks a lot Troy
You idiot
Jesus Christ
See this was the last day
Plus it's because you came back
I said yeah
I don't want to do it
No you're the one
You probably told the Troi's tractor to do it
And it brings that other Troy in here
Oh here's two sackfuls of food, Neil
Last year
But I'm leaving tomorrow
Mo and all here's a whole bunch of food
Last test to kill him
Yeah
Ashtoles
Who would you like to see
Replace for while 8 to 10am on QAM
1460 votes
Plus we had 560
We did over 2,000 votes
On the two polls about the
For all situation
We got another one for today
And over the weekend
Which a little more specific
About the situation
Well now let's let's let them be experts
Since they all know what's going on
1460
Rick and suds 457
Nobody even came close
To Rick and sud
Of course like I keep telling you
And it could have happened
Damn it
No they're not going to be on
Because it requires some money
Plus guess what
You know what they don't do
Spor right
That's it
They don't do a sports show
Rick and suds
So how do we have them here
On a radio station that's obsessed
That's sick with his crap
That we're always talking about
Sports
Right
Rick and suds 457
I mean just a gigantic number
Don't care
I won't listen anyway
303
That's 20.7%
Those are the people
Who got some other morning show they like
They're busy doing something
Else in the morning
Whatever it is
Jeff DeForest a shocker
199
And you remember last time we did a pull
Similar
Uh he did very well
Yes so and I thought it was like a set up deal
But it wasn't
They like him for like
They like the foe
Now why do you
Why do you say it that way like
You can't figure out why
That's that that's what I'm reading
No I think you're right
No I like the foe
I like more of that
I don't think compared to say to like the
Little and big dogs to the dog guys
That he's like even the same categor
I mean with all the respect the foe
Wish you nothing but the best
If they brought you in here on Monday
I said hey all right
There's the foe
Dance straight
How let's go to the Indians
You know something like that
Goldie could bond like old times
No yeah
Goldie
Hey listen I saw Goldie in the whole
This morning I was going in her take a leak
In fact he went right in there with me
Which is kind of surprising
You're not my type Yolte
Stay away
He does stand far from the urinal though
Yeah he did
We were like against the wall
And uh he was giving me a bit
I can't repeat on a year
Because I promised I was going to repeat
Everybody I talked to in here
Oh don't say they're okay
Nobody did say something
And uh I can't remember what that was
Water sure is cold
Yeah he said
Haha
No I was I had a line there
And then you distracted me
Something they told me that I can actually repeat
Now I forgot to because all the other stuff
I can't repeat
Well forget about him
Jeff DeForest 199
Just forget I said Keldie okay
Joe Rose 158
Jim Manage the man dog 112
All right
Which I would have thought he'd do it on better net
But I guess a lot of people like him right where he is there
And uh two to four
That's a good spot
The big oh oh 58
Uh that that omelette's already working his way back to you you know
Uh that was that
No that was unacceptable
I'm sick and tired of coming in here
And having it in the middle of the show
To run and take a big gigantic egg omelette crap
I don't want that you know
Yeah
That's going to be a lot worse than that believe me
Moen Geldie together again
60 to 10 a.m 29
Only 29 out of 14
I don't know almost 1500 votes
29 1.9 percent want them to do the whole four hours together
Kimba Bo camper who filled in admirably well weekly yesterday morning
Good guy but boring
28
And Joe is a gackie wait till you see this wow
Here's a gackie sucks okay
10
Yeah 10
0.6 percent 10
Out of almost 1500 votes not too good Joe
They think you're really coma inducing in your penis face but nevertheless
And they're they're right on both counts but he's a great guy
Right he's a great guy he is well not great. He's a good guy an excellent guy like I said he's okay
He never stole a freight train plus he did some nice things for charity there and then you got it damn
You got killed doing it during hurricane Andrew. Why do people laugh about that? See that's a one thing
I'm not gonna start knocking for real because you know
He's not hearing I can't he ain't coming back and he's gonna be somewhere else soon. I guess I don't know
But but it did bother me
Well there were several things that bothered me but the one that really bothered me was that bit like when dance night
I got killed and I crashed and
Would um Danny heatly with it and the guy did the Atlanta thrashers games for a season
And was always hysterical. Yeah, it was always great that somebody died. See I don't you know
There's some people if they died. I don't want to mention any names
But uh huh? Huh? No, I didn't say that I did some people if they croaked it would be very amusing absolutely
But generally speaking I don't find that funny, but he always I'll be with that. I had a little problem that now
This call that you've on here from Mark Claire, New Jersey. Who could that be hello?
What yes, sir?
Lloyd Pettit and Dan Keller were two of the greatest talking out. Are you on a speaker phone?
I'm sorry. Why are you on a speaker phone? Is this better?
Well if you get read a little within a couple of feet of the phone and just not scream so that would be great my bad
Your bed Lloyd Pettit and Dan Kelly two of the greatest announcers of all time. They're both dead
Dead and even worse than that Dan Kelly's kid is there in Colorado and abortion. Yeah, he's awful
He's horrible. I got a question for you
Anyway, go ahead by the way to leave I can't believe it's picking a hockey
I went to bed the leaves are losing four to one after two periods
I thought they're taking it up the old shoot again last then in LA right after they blew it man on and I wake up
This morning to find him made a great comeback four four to time nice going bad nice going leaves
The question was about that game. What is Jack Nicholson doing at a hockey game? What was this at
When you're better for the elites and see there's my psychic powers again. How do you like that? What it is?
Well, he had nothing else to do. Well, I tell you what Jack Nicholson wouldn't know a cross-check from a porno flick. Okay
Okay, that's all the material I guess. Yeah, who the hell was that that was somebody in a business
Well, not somebody with a great booming voice. Yeah, let's put him on 8 to 10
Then the resume. Yeah, set us a resume. Okay. Now. I think I think we'll be okay
Now, let's see here's somebody says why didn't you put the crow on the pool yesterday? It says he's worthy
He's worthy. Well, let me just say this to you. Okay. I like that one
Yeah, let's put him on a he's worthy. Let me rent. Merit
Mani Ramirez see that's funny for about three seconds, but two hours of how about you and me
Yeah, the trove me this ball
I ain't got to cut a plus the fact that the people in a building would have never come to work because I can't stand at the smell of a talcum powder
People think I'm making that stuff up. I have never he's a good guy. I like the crow
He has no business being on the air, but then we have a lot of people in that category here
Oh, say I got sidetracked from Robert creeper should have been fired. Oh, that's a sidetracked myself. See
Because I went through that yesterday and they didn't dump it
But Robert creeper will never be fired here because he and Clarence our program director are very very tight
If you get my drift there's a Jewish sports fraternity here
Sports fraternity in other words, it's a little circle jerk the beast is the pivot man
He's in the middle and you got Clarence and the Robert creeper around the edges on the outside
Yeah, that's it. It's the Jewish sports circles here at QAM. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely
Why I already changed the thing in there so we can't he can't say come on mo you can do it absolutely. Thank you
So here's today's pool here's a good fact from David and Miami see I don't really care today
I'm just I'm just gonna ramble. I don't I don't care
I got a bunch of bedtime stories like I always do I don't I don't care about any of it
Because it's just so aggravating to me to listen to these people and I you know, I've been doing this a long long time
And I'm worried the fact that everybody out there radio land thinks that wow we really know what's going on
You don't know crap, you know this is squat, you know
If you did know you'd probably blow your brains out
God you probably like take your radio and bury it in the ground somewhere
Seriously if they had any idea what this place is all a boot but you don't
Well, listen to these idiots calling in Ellen and you know how right we are about certain things
New England Paul who was the chronic factor and how come he won't read by faxes right now?
He's become he's like one junior on the morning show. Yeah, they have to have the access. They have to have it in he had
But not just access. He's like he he makes mark the death fans seem like
You know, Gervhidal. I mean just it's just ludicrous
With nothing to say the same crap every day just another chronic like I've always said the chronics on the fax machine
Are the same as the chronics on the your phone and the chronics on the phone or the same as the chronics on the fact
And generally it's the same people right is across over if I get another voice you will take their call anymore
There's a factor factor involved there
But anyway, David Miami says I like this. He says I remember after hearing rush check himself into the hospital
He received thousands of emails supporting him since he's coming back Monday
I decided to send him an email telling my do not support him only problem is you can't
If you go on his website order to send him an email you must register in order to register
You must buy either his newsletter tie coffee mug or some other item or maybe some oxy cotton would be good
Therefore the only individuals who would send him an email are fans who buy his crap and of course all of the messages will be positive
rushes like caster where they 100% approval rating
I've got good parallel there man
Says David and Miami excellent facts David keep it up. Keep up the good work. Who I would have you are
Anyway, we'll give it the new pool
And then the thing about I never got to the thing about the you see here
I went through another whole segment your fault very smart because I was busy talking about Robert Creeper should have been fired
But he'll never get fired because like I said um, he's got a good head on his shoulders. That's what Clarence said
I said how come he ain't getting fired. He said good head on his shoulders
27 past 10 at 560 absolutely wq and by the way more let me say it again
They all hate you like poison. They don't like you. They can't stand you. They make you make them sick
I like his new hat and everybody was especially grossed out by the fact that he really I mean all along
Oh, who's the one who's the one who's your biggest supporter here who's the only the longest blah blah blah come on for all who we
And he just was squeezing himself in fact. I hear he killed the muskrat he was so said he squeezed it so hard yesterday
That's why I had to put the head on
Yeah, I'm calling Peter
Bulger
Anyway speaking of that, you know, and he left before we could get his new mattress
That's the bad part about for our I want that mattress. I'm gonna. Yeah. I don't think he's gonna get it
I saw fat boy wadlin in the hall on his walker this morning. You're tumbled right on his ass
And I'm serious. He is brutal. He's in bad shape. He's a big fat tub. Hey fat boy. It's been nice knowing. I don't think I'll be seeing him again
You know reminds me of tiny
In our last last spring
February I came home for a while a couple of months actually and I thought to myself when I live
I don't think I'll be seeing tiny again alive
We should start it off as pool
And you know what happened like on the 21st of February last year. He died my little dog
He died and I'm thinking the same with fat boy my big fat friend
I don't not think I'll be seeing him alive
But unlike tiny who's probably his ashes are in a little canister
Fat boy, there'll be in a piano case
Just the ashes just the ashes
Anyway, dollar mattress is where it's at
If you want to get some good ash, this is the place to do it on a great mattress and dollar mattress
Believe me they beat everybody else hands down your pants. No phony promises. No bait and switch does discount prices every day
On the best brand names in the world including now stirons and banana foster when you call 1-800 mattress
You get service like you never heard of in your life you pick the day and time for delivery any two hour windows
Seven days a week eight in the morning till 10 a night if it's convenient between 11 in the morning and one in the afternoon
Two and four three and five whatever they'll be there on time and you'll be having a big smile on your push
Honest sales practices fantastic unbeatable service every day low prices same day delivery and preset up and removal of the old betting
It's easy to see why dollar mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
So don't get sucked in by the phony sales call yourself dollar mattress 1-800 mattress
Like all of folks in here are QAM are doing now Miguel doing it bokeh brine
George fat boy and of course yours truly call toll free
1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTR ES for a great night sleep for years to come or check them out of the web at mattress.com
We're sports radio 5-16
QA app
WQA app is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio
If you follow our curriculum the course is free of course you'll work for free
Goal 1-800-1-0 and speak to our director of education Mr. Lenny Marges
So you want me a boy cast out a boy cast out
Yeah
For us to say news
You know news news
No, that news it's you news news
No, I'm taking one to tell you need help. Yeah, we have theZo road beginner's unless we
We
wait
So we will have the
Survival DW
Wait, what you need wait
Go to
And over here we have to hide so much of them.
And open your books to when pages 14.
You can't have them in.
And uh...
No, that's what I want you to repeat.
And uh...
And uh...
And open this room and go to the bathroom.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a one-quam crew.
We will lose you, Elora.
Yeah, cool.
1034, this is two at the 560 WQAM.
Now what's that schedule look like today?
We just have a bunch of blanks in there.
No, it says a mad dog at two.
The Humproot 4.
It thinks again that mad dog at hang for their nervous contributions yesterday.
Found our books and piece to abandon paper rescue.
Thank you guys.
And by the way, Hank, lose announce, will you?
First time I've seen Hank in months, you know?
And I don't know.
He just said to me he's giving up on the way.
It was good.
That's that.
He was big.
And I love Hank.
Hank's great, but he just maybe skipped like lunch.
See what I'm saying?
That's the start.
I know.
I understand what he said.
I just got to eat in a bunch of crap.
Who the hell am I to talk?
I didn't even want it.
It was the furthest thing from my mind.
There's all that stuff from how he's sitting on here.
Did I look at it?
No.
Was I going to eat it?
Did I touch it?
No.
No, in a food either.
No.
And all of a sudden, Troy Stratford, they just,
that's another reason I cannot be here.
They just want to horror me.
They just want to use me and abuse me.
And they just, you know, just stick a goddamn pump into my ass and keep stuffing the food in there, you know?
45 votes on our new pool.
I just went up on there.
This is a chance because it'll be up there all weekend to vent.
Once and for all.
And then Monday we like kind of wipe the slate clean and we'll start out with whatever line.
I think it's going to be pretty good though.
I think we got the little dog and the big dog and the big dog and little dog.
I think you're going to have some dogs in there, right?
All dogs all day.
Who let the dogs in.
Dog radio.
Anyway, what's your take on the firing of Scott Furell, which is not like either one of the pools we did yesterday?
Oh, and I should, did I read the result of the other one?
Not enough.
I don't think he did.
I did not, but I forgot to mention that Joe and Mark, you know, I love Joe Castello, but every time that he influences me to put them on a pool,
and then they whipped their audience up overnight and the number goose, they almost caught the mad dog.
Now as much as we like those guys, is there any comparison whatsoever?
No.
Oh, I see you're not saying a word because I love Joe.
Yeah, okay.
So good.
He's one of your customers.
Anyway, what's your take on the firing of Scott Furell?
I hated him anyway.
Greg reads an asshole.
Well, see, that kind of is a given.
I don't care.
Never listen to him.
Neil is much more vulgar.
Is that one on there?
Wait a minute.
I don't think Eric maybe have left one out.
Oh, no, it's on there, but don't have any votes.
His voice nearly killed me.
No great loss.
The radio business blows, which of course, uh, absolutely.
We know that.
And he had it coming.
He was over the top.
Those are the, let's see, 368.
Who do we appreciate?
Great choices on our pool today as we try to like bring it back to some perspective.
Let me just say this.
So I don't forget to finish that story.
Is that Wednesday morning, evidently, was kind of like the stride that broke the camels back in some of the crap that he said on the year.
Even after he had said he wasn't going to be doing and talking about that stuff.
And there was enormous stress and pressure and 8 million meetings and signing his documents that have been going on for weeks and months and months.
And even at that point, he wasn't getting fired.
He was being suspended.
And his response to his impendant, and they were going to like let a day go by cool off.
Come in here.
We'll sit down and talk.
But instead of that, on the phone, first, he abused our program director clearance, which is easy to do.
But I mean, just abuse the crap bottom.
And then our operations manager, Muff, he just...
And the best part of the deal is that both of these two guys were guys who had been going to bad form and keeping him his job for weeks and weeks and weeks.
This is what really frosted their ass.
Is that in spite of tremendous pressure from ownership over in a West Coast, which you can understand, because they're under pressure with their license they need to protect.
But in spite of that, he still goes and rips them on.
And if I'm, ah, screw you, I'm going to hell, I'll see you in court.
And a lot of things were worse than that.
I won't repeat on the ear.
That you can't repeat.
But I can't repeat on the ear.
And I don't know if I want to want to job.
So that kind of like was the end.
That no, that kind of like, that was the end.
So for those people out there who think that they know something and we're calling in yesterday, oh gee, well you know.
You and the other guys in your state, the other guys at a station, a lot of them haven't got a clue what they're talking about.
You got Moa in the morning, who's got his agenda of screwing anybody you can, you know, stabbing in the back just to try to solidify his own position.
You've got yours truly who sits here with no extra grind one way or the other on another for all situations who like the guy who promoted the hell out of the guy who enjoyed the crossovers every day.
But I got to tell you the way it actually was.
And a lot of you don't want to hear the truth.
Because you can't handle the truth, speaking of technical sympathy, LA Kings, our leafs game.
And then he had the mad dog on there, which he's entitled was opinion.
And he liked the guy.
You know, I like the guy too.
I didn't maybe have as much interaction because I don't go to all those ball games and stuff.
And mad dogs come at was he was always a gentleman.
Every time they met they hit some nice conversations.
He never stole a freight train. That's fine.
But that's not what we're talking about.
That's personal and we're talking about business.
See?
We're talking business and mad dog was talking personal.
And I didn't hear Hank yesterday, so I don't know what he said on his show.
So that's what I can tell you.
I hear his word starts.
What's your take on the firing of Scott Ferell?
Greg Reads and Asshole, which I thought that was a given anyway, 36, 84 votes.
That's what George voted.
What?
I think that's what you wasn't that what you voted?
Mental.
I don't care.
Never listened to him, 13.
That's 15.4%.
No great loss, 10.
The radio business blows Robert Creeper voted.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Unless, of course, you've got a job guaranteed for life, Creeper, like you do.
With your boyfriend.
Absolutely.
He had it coming.
He was over the top six.
His voice nearly killed me.
Five, five people said that.
I hated him anyway for and Neil is much more vulgar one.
See, that's the thing I keep hearing a lot of these idiots these sports news calling.
Well, I'll come Neil and get fired.
He's much more vulgar.
Let me say to you again, like I said yesterday, in case you missed the show.
A year ago for anybody who, first of all, even backing up before then.
If anybody knows about Jack Thompson and about what he can do to your career,
to your life, to your, whatever kind of brain you used to have in your head, I know.
Nobody in the world knows better than I know.
Because I had two years of my life turned upside down by this great self-appointed moralist from heaven.
Okay.
So I know all about it.
And then a year ago, we had the Congolesea business, which was another story.
Right.
The two comedy bits we were playing to Bokobry and Bits, which we played over and over again.
And about some outside right wing edged, today we decided to start up with us.
The Fox News people picked it up and that we were getting all kinds of threats here at the radio station.
We're going to do this.
And so needless to say, I was under enormous pressure at that time.
And it was made very clear to me that we aren't going to play those things no more.
And if I did play those things, some more, I'd have my ass canned.
And I said, okay.
Gee.
Because I'm an adult.
I don't have any need to play those things anymore.
And I'm not going to like shoot myself in the foot.
I can use the cash, especially after my church.
And that's just the way it is.
Life goes on.
If you're a mature adult and you have like self-preservation as one of your goals, that's one of the things you do.
When you work for people, they tell you, oh, this is something you're not going to do or buy by.
You're saying, okay.
And you don't do it.
You mean you don't always say that.
Especially when you don't have any need to do it.
Do we have any need to play condolese?
No.
No.
That's my point, right there.
Anyway, 20, what is it?
18 before 11 at 5.60 QAM.
I'm in law.
This is 4.20 or 5.60 QAM.
You way, yeah.
Jenner the Herpes got you hurting.
Ask your doctor about Vatret.
Valtret.
Because love hurts.
Valtret.
Absolutely.
16 before 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Friday to you.
122 votes.
You should have seen the poll.
Maybe it'll be that way again today.
The way the votes were pouring in in on-person and we did over 2,000 votes on the two polls in one day yesterday.
I think that since alien that's a record.
Let's fire somebody else.
I think that's a great idea.
The firing of the wake.
We had several suggestions for you yesterday by the way.
By the way, George is here today.
If you want to pick on him, feel free.
That just amazes me because I know that after 100 years that I got a lot of people despise me out there.
But you're much more polarizing than I am.
Why is that?
You're so bland.
No, don't be put it off on me.
A lot of people like you.
But the ones who dislike you would like poison.
Hate you would such a vitriol.
Maybe it's the spick factor.
How do you know that they're Jews?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You ready?
Yeah, okay.
But your phone ain't ready.
Okay, that's a problem.
Underwater caller wants me to retire.
560-50560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
That was Pete Bulldozer's boyfriend.
Recognize the voice.
Come up for Eris Wheatheart.
West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
Why don't you get a black DJ there and I pray it just Jews stations.
Why don't you really do?
Yeah, get a black DJ.
We don't have no DJs.
Okay.
Call a power and see what I don't do it.
Get a white DJ.
Get a life.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, Neil.
Listen, there's a great anti-war song on the Wichita oblong.
I can't see John McDonald on the fish.
I don't know if you remember this guy.
But if you change the words from Vietnam to a Rocky name,
it would make a great song for nowadays with me to be right up to date.
I don't know if you remember the song.
Yes.
One, two, three.
What are we fighting for?
One, two, three o'clock, four o'clock rock.
Five, six, seven o'clock, yeah.
Yeah, right.
I'll hand it in the comments.
He's dead too.
Maybe Boca could do something.
Maybe Boca can do something.
Okay, we'll pass it along and have a great weekend.
Okay, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Okay, a lot of open lines.
I thought we'd get a phenomenal response here today,
but they don't want to handle it now because they can't deal with the truth like I said.
They'd rather have a visceral reaction.
Ah, you guys are sucking all this other crap like yesterday.
Calling in, sucking up, you know,
to whoever happened to be the host at the moment.
And as much as I love the mad dog, it's just,
oh, when you're the only one, Jim, who really is telling it like it is,
and you're the only one.
Oh, man, I'm so tired of that crap.
At least it is on this show.
I mean, I'm not saying they don't get a little bit of, you know,
hysteria and hate because that's an issue of the market.
At least on this show, we get some hostile people,
even a retire, you know, and it's a breadth of fresh air, really.
Charge sucks, you know, whatever.
As opposed to, oh, you are so right, you know,
all this other bull crap, that's so boring.
Ponderous.
And that's because I've told you for years,
most of the people that call radio talk shows are desperate,
desperate people who just hope that somebody can validate their resistance under planet.
Like the ones who call and say,
well, don't you agree with me that, you know, whatever, fill in the blank?
Don't you agree that I'm an asshole?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, now that you mentioned it,
here's a call from Bokeh, hello.
That's a perfect leading for me.
Neil, are you an asshole?
No, my wife and I love your show.
I'm a practicing psychiatrist that happened to be off today.
Uh-huh.
And I can't tell you how valuable it was to let the frill go very, very dangerous to,
to, to, to, to, to any of the teenagers listening.
Listen, my wife has been...
What, what do you mean by that?
Well, just the decadent, you know, it's one thing to have decadent.
Uh, it's another thing to have decadent, so I think damage is a psyche when, when people...
Damage is the psyche of the listeners?
Actually, it's got a little bit over the top.
Well, that's, that's my view.
Is this the professional shrink who calls us?
Yes, I have.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I, I, that went through my mind before you even said that,
because as soon as you said, I'm a psychiatrist, yeah.
Go practice your asshura, go shrink it, okay?
In fact, from what I'm hearing, it already shrunk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fire.
He's got one of them like them, Gene's, you know, pre- shrunk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fire, 60 on EAT and T.
Oh, yeah, terrorizing the teenagers out there.
Ooh, man.
Talk about over the top.
Trace that call and let's get the straight check it in the butterfly net for this guy.
I'm telling you, I love it.
I, this, I don't know when this started.
Not many, many months ago, I had a whole new attitude about these callers.
Yeah.
Now, each and every one of them, and it's own bizarre way,
and it's own sick twisted way, like him.
That was great.
Yeah, what?
Each one of them has some redeeming social value.
In fact, you can take a coupon with it to Publix and redeem it.
Mm-hmm.
Makes me feel better about myself today.
Hey, it's exactly what I'm thinking.
153 votes.
What's your take on the firing of Scott Furella?
By the way, Greg has a message for these people who are voting.
Greg hates you.
Greg's an asshole, 64, 41.8%.
Don't care, never listen to Furella, 26.
The radio business blows 17.
I don't know why I put that on there, but I guess that's kind of like a supporter Furella kind of thing,
because he's gotten canned more times than you can say it.
No great law, 17.
He had it coming, he was over the top 12.
His voice nearly killed me, nine.
I hated him anyway, six, and Neil is much more vulgar, two.
So far, you're going to see the polls have been up out about 20 minutes.
Okay.
I said the polls have been up there only about 20 minutes.
Did you say K?
Yeah.
The 159 votes in 20 minutes.
Multiply that time is three, and you've got 480 votes in an hour at this pace.
Wow.
Two, what do I mean?
So I think you're onto something.
The firing of the wake, sir, it's...
Oh, by the way, Robert.
...reapers next.
567-05.
Never had to eat pound.
What?
That'll never have had that as long as clearance is the program director.
What if clearance gets canned first?
Ha!
Now maybe you're out of something.
But he did such a good job of getting me my check, not only on time, but ahead of time.
How's your bonus coming up?
Oh, yeah, it was just a good time.
Already got mine!
Got mine, George, or could use that for Christmas.
Got mine!
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
His voice was really annoying.
Raspi.
Yeah.
It looked like a bad...
Like a bad record.
Yeah, like fingernails on a blackboard, that kind of thing?
Yeah.
I got a question for you.
Go ahead.
Up in Toronto, because Ron Wapel, he's a harness to be where he's going to drive.
Yeah, not as much as he used to, but he's still a...
His son Randy is a champion, and he's great.
Who?
Randy Wapel's his son.
Oh, okay.
Him and Chris Christoffer were the eating drivers in the Toronto Circuit, but Ron still drives some trodders known in.
And he's still around.
Now, do they still come down and eat the pompano?
I don't think Ron comes down here anymore.
All right, because I lived in a pretty old for a while, and actually my dad used to race horses at three old ants.
Right.
At the Battlelands, and I was just...
Well, let me ask you this.
Did you ever see an honest racer freehold?
An honest one?
Yeah.
Well, think about it.
5670560, pound 56...
Just a joke.
It's just a joke, Jackimo.
I mean, Jackie Lee.
5670560, pound 56...
On the AT&T, let's start some harness racing talk.
Eric Goudelle.
How you doing, Eric?
You're okay in my book, and spider-what Dick Feinberg says.
And, or, as Dick Feinberg, I mentioned in Mike Mayows column two days ago.
Or was it yesterday?
I think yesterday morning.
About the poker room and about the gambling.
It's just a Yahoo state dick.
Okay, I forgot to tell you that the other night.
Oh, and let me tell you about my night at that rich...
It's the track the other night.
Okay.
Oh.
5670560, pound 56...
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
In fact, it gave new meaning to that old expression.
Do you know what's the expression I'm talking about?
You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother.
That one.
Good to see you, Rich.
Keep losing that weight.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Veggie from Lake Worth.
Oh, no.
I'm so listening, Neil.
I'll be damned. Where the hell you been?
I've been under the rocker.
I finally came out.
This is Veggie who used to be Veggie from Boko,
who's now a Veggie from Lake Worth because he's getting a lot older.
Yeah, getting older, moving north, you know how to have it.
Right.
Still not being Canada.
I sure hope not.
I have a good one now.
Okay, Veggie, nice hearing from you.
I can see you got your usual great material.
See, there's a guy.
It's Veggie from Lake Worth.
Did he have anything to say?
No.
Just call to say hello.
Just call it kind of like, hey, Jared, it's Toby checking in.
That's where we're going to start doing.
We're going to have check-ins, okay?
And believe you me, the way this place is going lately,
we ought to start with check-ins.
80 people say Greg reads an asshole.
Absolutely correct.
Shame on you, Greg.
And I'll say it again because I told it like it was yesterday
in spite of all the bull crap that I was hearing on the other show.
Greg made the problem.
He created it.
By busting up the first team, I said to him a hundred times
if it's not broke, don't fix it.
Don't mess with success.
Everything's going great.
He messed with it and for two years now.
He's still been trying to undo the mess he made.
Like if your dog had a big wild diarrhea on the floor
and it took you two years.
20 visits by dry concepts and all the other
cleaning equipment in the world to try to clean it up.
And that's what he's doing.
Try to put the pieces together, the big egg that he cracked like punky punky punky punky punky punky punky punky punky.
And not only that, but what did I say when they brought Pharrell in here?
At a time we had just not that long ago gone through all the condolese of business
and all the threats to the license and all this bent out of shape hysteria.
Oh my god.
And then he brings a guy in here and some callers made this point and I agree with it.
It's very much like ESPN and Rush Limbaugh.
When they brought him in, they knew he's a racist piece of tub right wing crap.
So why should it surprise me that I'll read this comment about Donovan McNabb?
They brought him in.
They knew what they were going to get.
And oh gee, you know, and the same thing here.
What did they think they were going to get when Pharrell?
Was he going to change?
Wasn't that going to clean up?
Of course not.
It's like if you bring out, go on, and bring a wild animal in the house and say,
oh gee, he's crapping all over the house and I just can't get him to calm down.
I can't imagine why.
In fact, I think there's a great similarity there.
I think it describes the situation.
Yeah, I think you got a good point there, Neil.
Yeah, I got a good point.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
Listen, on that survey, you know, there's some of us that actually like that guy.
What do you mean?
Well, I mean, I drive around, you know.
You mean talking about Pharrell?
Right, yeah.
Well, that's why we've got, it's leading with the Greg Reads and Asshole.
Maybe you didn't understand the Greg Reads, the General Manager.
So that's the one, yeah, well, no, not just in everything.
It's just that I thought maybe there should have been one on there.
You know, something like, well, we actually like the guy.
No, no, that's why we said that.
And also the radio business blows there too.
Very obvious categories that are a vent.
Now, now maybe I didn't word them well.
Oh, I think they did because they're getting a lot of votes.
But that's what those are for.
Oh, okay, because you know, I listen to you and I listen to him.
And he has me laughing so hard.
Hey, listen, I'm going to tell you I said this yesterday.
I said again, I enjoyed following him.
We had a great crossover.
We had a good time here together.
I didn't have any problem with him.
But the fact is, he's his own worst enemy.
Listen, it can't just speak.
I've coincident that he keeps getting canned everywhere.
He goes, you think it's just a coincidence?
No, no, in fact, in fact, when I would listen to him before they toned him down some.
Right.
I used to wonder how long he's going to be.
Right, exactly.
You know?
And the problem is, like with a lot of other people, he would tone it down for a couple of days.
And then all of a sudden, when he leaves his expected, boom, there you go again.
He would blow up again.
That's sad because I wish we could have kept it going.
I was having a good time and I think a lot of other people here were too.
Yeah, it was a good time and I'm going to miss him.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Yeah, I guess so.
It's a horse ball business.
Have a great day.
Thanks for taking my time.
Thank you.
Thanks for making your call.
56670560, pound 560.
It is.
It's a horrible business.
I've been telling you people that for a long time.
But Scott, and I'm positive you're listening now unless he's concerning on some of their station or plotting or planning.
You know, I don't even know why I'm going to say it because I tried telling him to be right in here when he'd come in here during his breaks.
All this week, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning, I tried telling him that.
I tried telling that from Toronto when he'd come in here in the morning in the early hours on his breaks when we'd converse when we would be verbal intercourse back and forth.
I told him that on the air a million times.
If I told him once on the air, I told him.
Just take the money to the bank, do whatever they tell you and have a good time.
That's all.
Tone it down.
If that's what they want, tone it down.
Staying a few extra words on here isn't...
I mean, it's like proven to points like being a hard ass.
Being a hard ass.
You're not going to tell me what to say and screw you, Duffin, stick it up your butt, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah.
You know, what is that?
Not to mention the stuff that evidently was going on off the air, which also some of those people who were calling them out of the Augusta Day weren't privy too.
And neither was I until this morning.
So like I said, it's very easy to be an armchair quarterback, just like the experts on there on these ball games they call them in the station around the clock 20 hours a day.
But in this particular case, there may have been a little bit more there than meets the old eye.
Why, why, and local, your sports radio 560, you and you and you, and you.
By the way, you bastards.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Sure.
I did it.
I Germany, the K-David's.
I am the covenator.
Thank you.
It's time to say, has the minister to California's problems.
First of all, I like to thank my worthy opponents, Ariana Harvington.
Thank you.
Thank you for making my silly accent sound normal compared to your silly accent.
Cruz, Bustamante.
There's a place for you in my administration.
I need someone to model on it that Covenants mentioned.
And Carrie Coleman, there's a position for you in my cabinet.
Get my medicine cabinet.
Just don't tie any of the stubby in there.
Get it?
Thank you.
But seriously, seriously, my first day in office, a plan to announce some broad reaching initiatives.
That's right.
I'll initiate the plan to reach out and touch a bunch of broads.
And lastly, I would like to thank my lovely white Maria.
She should serve as a role model for all Californians.
During my term as Covener, while you're getting screwed, just lay there and tell me I'm doing a good job.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I'll be back.
You have to go to a 560.
I added another register to an error, another category for the poll.
Because the guy that called the truck driving guy, he's right.
I never thought about that because I thought that I had a couple of, you know, but they don't always understand it.
It's too indirect.
So I added, I'm pissed.
I love Ferell.
Okay.
All right.
That's pretty direct.
I'm pissed.
I loved Ferell.
Okay, you got it.
All right.
200 and, uh, boy, a lot of votes, man, in a half an hour, George.
241 votes in a half an hour.
Aren't you impressed?
Quite.
Greg reads an asshole 105, talk about restating the obvious.
43 and a half percent.
I don't care.
I never listened to him 35, meaning Ferell.
What's your take on the firing of Scott Ferell's the question?
The radio business blows 26.
No great loss.
24.
He ended coming.
He was over the top 22.
His voice nearly killed me.
15.
That's what Phyllis said.
It's water Nazi.
What?
Nothing.
Was my mic on?
Uh, I hated him anyway nine.
Neil is much more vulgar for, and we just put on Pistyle of Ferell and it's got one vote already.
To try to be a little more direct.
Radio talk show host John Matthews has been a fixture of the Houston broadcast scene for more than a decade.
This is a right-winger, by the way.
Was indicted by a Fort Bend grand jury on a charge of indecency with the child, this enrichment Virginia.
The indictment which was unsealed Wednesday after Matthews was arrested,
Matthews knowingly and intentionally exposed it to a girl under the age of 17, October 9.
The indictment ledges there was exposure, but no contact with the child Fort Bend County District Attorney John Healy said.
The conservative talk show host who also writes a column for a Fort Bend Virginia weekly newspaper
was taken into custody by Sugarland police about 3pm and driven to police headquarters.
Transferred to Cali Jail and Richmond, he was released on $10,000 personal reconnaissance bond.
Made no statements to reporters as he left jail Wednesday evening.
His attorney also declined to comment.
Uh, the officer delivered him to jail after 5pm lowered the sunbises of his car as he pulled into the facility
to prevent news photographers from taking Matthews pitcher.
The outspoken Matthews has been a constant critic of liberals Bill Clinton and Houston Mayor Lee Browns.
The administration resigned from his post at KSEV AM700.
Matthews often opened the segments of his show with the instrumental piece, Rebel Rouser by Dwayne Eddie,
and had loyal following the list of his who called the show frequently.
Lot of good old boys.
Lot of them boys that Howard Dean was talking about, them Confederate flag, wave and pickup truck driving, etc.
Guys.
Station owner Dan Patrick told listeners Wednesday the station will conduct a search for a placement.
Oh, we know that a nationwide search outfit that probably get like what's his name that we just have in the morning there.
The, um, what's his name?
Sonny Fox's old guy Ron Ron Hershey harway.
He maintains his innocence.
Let's see, does it have any more information in here about this?
I have a libel suit file against him.
The investigation began last month after an allegation against Matthews and made the investigation began after the girls' parents contacted police to an intermediary.
He declined to discuss details of the case.
So there you go.
The only reason I mentioned is because it's a conservative holier than I've talked to your host once again.
It always seems to be the case.
Just like Rush with all of them pills who will be back on Monday all you did who heads out there.
La tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada.
Can't wait.
Whenever he's great in the sunshine state when Rush comes back and they can say, oh, you're the best Rush.
We feel so sorry for you.
Absolutely.
Right.
He's a victim.
He's just a victim of that doctor who got him hooked on him, Oxycontin's and then Laura sets in all other crap.
Once you take on the firing of Scott Furell, we got a lot of votes, man.
253.
I bet you were over 300 in an hour.
Wow.
That's something.
Isn't that amazing?
You'll see we got 25 minutes to go.
So if you people really put your nose to the grindstone in your keyboard and put your nose on your mouse.
Once you take on the firing of Scott Furell, 253 votes.
Greg Reads an asshole, 108.
I don't care.
I never listened to him 36th Radio Business Blows 26.
No great loss 25th.
He had a coming.
He was over the top 22.
His voice nearly killed me 15.
I hated him any way nine.
I'm pissed.
I love Furell, eight.
See, that's moving up.
And he was much more vulnerable, or vulgar only four.
So you have heard, and must be the same four I heard calling in a station.
I don't know where they come up with that crap.
Oh, and I, oh, that's what really frosted me a little bit with my good friend, the mad dog.
Oh, right.
Because the guy who I heard the first one called him said, oh, well, there's nothing that he said on the year while he was here that.
Neil and Howard wouldn't have said themselves.
Howard David, right.
More Howard.
Yeah.
And mad dog said, yep, you're right.
Or something like that.
I think he said, oh, right.
Because he's always saying, oh, right.
And I thought to myself, well, whatever you say, Mr. Mad Dog, I love you.
You're a great guy, but you're full of crap.
Here's a call from Weston.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is Alan.
Hey, Alan.
Hey, listen, I just wanted to, uh, collect, you know, that I do miss for real.
I think for real was, uh, for real was funny as hell.
Right.
Okay.
And, uh, you know, the only thing is that I don't want you to say is the wrong way.
But most of the time I hear you, I only hear you talking about his lamb blast and all your callers.
And I don't actually get what your form at is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, maybe, maybe I'm just naive, but.
Well, let me ask you something.
How long are you, how long are you, I bet you're pardoned?
I found for else to be much more interesting and entertaining than me.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, how long have you been listening to this show?
Off and on for about, uh, okay.
Well, honestly, yeah, just, okay, the past, just the past couple of months.
But I've heard you show before, but I never really was into talk radio.
Yeah.
Well, you're, you're entirely your opinion.
You like whatever you like.
Like you may like vanilla ice cream and I like a rocky road.
But the fact that it matters, I've been doing it here for 28 years.
So I must be doing something other than just lamb basting with callers, you know.
I haven't been just ripping callers for 28 years.
I think you must have had a very good show.
Oh, yeah, once upon a time it was a good show.
I'm not a much, most of the time I hear you.
You're lambasting all your dollars to all of the media in concert.
And let me ask you, have you heard, Alan, have you heard the callers?
Yeah, well, so do March.
Okay, thank you.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
There's another expert on this program.
Alan, have a great day.
If you like throughout better, great.
There are people like him better.
People didn't like him at all.
It's a matter of taste.
I'm not here competing with him.
Although I do think that was in his mind.
I think that was a part of our problem.
Why?
You're not on opposite each other.
No, I understand that.
But it was always, well, I'm going to get triple numbers you've got.
I'm going to show you because I'm the bet.
You know, then that's fine.
They have a big ego.
But I mean an enormous ego.
Here we did have a gigantic out of control ego.
You know?
Yeah.
And when you talk a big game like that, you better produce a 5, 6 ain't going to cut it.
I mean, it was a good number.
And of course it was during a book that the station had all the way around it.
He wrote.
And he helped that.
No question.
It's a good idea to stay on long enough too.
Yeah, it's a good thing to stay on any station long enough to really show you can produce something.
But when you keep getting canned after a short period of time because you can't total line,
or it can't even come close to the line, then you've got a problem.
See, I don't know what I have.
What I've said that wasn't clear enough.
I guess there is a segment of the audience out there would like me to come on and just land-based management and say,
boy, they really made a bad mistake this time.
And I can't understand what they did.
And like I said, the guy wasn't going to get fired anyway.
He was going to be suspended.
And there was still a chance to salvage a situation.
You know, and this guy had more, even they ever ready, cats only got nine lives.
Our medic.
You know, it has management that they have to answer.
That is correct.
The people who own the goddamn license, that is correct, such as they are with their band-you-up in the tree.
And that's them.
And you can only push a situation so far.
And when the people who have helped you to stay employed and keep your paycheck coming every two weeks,
are on the phone trying to say, hey, well, you know, we've got to suspend you for a couple of days
because they're upset about this.
And the boat will sit down and we'll make, ah, you're sticking up your ass.
And I can't repeat all of the language and all of the comments and the characterization.
But it was not a pretty sight or sound.
And that's it.
And so I can sit here and tell it very directly in the accurately, at least from where I'm sitting.
And there's a segment out there that I could penetrate.
It's just like the rush thing.
It's the same thing.
And believe me, I'm not comparing for all the rush.
But I'm just saying, it's the same kind of mentality.
We like so and so and therefore, no matter what you tell us, it isn't going to make any difference.
Because we all got screwed.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And I do want to say this, something that happened while you were away.
Oh, thank God.
Because I came back and I said, hey, for help, we must go to Jim Yeltsin.
Right on.
And so we got fixed it and here we fixed line one.
Is working now?
Which you'll notice that.
There ain't nobody on it right now.
Or maybe there is somebody on it.
Hello?
I thought we fixed line one.
Or maybe it's not.
Maybe this is maybe not.
No, no, no, no, we've been using it all week.
Sure you have.
Hello.
Maybe you think you have.
Line one.
No, we haven't used it all week.
I think you're the line one.
Oh, it just died again.
You see?
And you want to know why?
Because you're here.
Because George is here.
How do you like that?
It's been working all week.
He fixed it on Monday.
And he also fixed the office phone too.
Yeah, for how long?
About a minute.
It's 11 past 10 at 5.
60 or I didn't tell you about Frat Richie.
We had a great time in Pomfano.
But now we didn't.
We had a terrible time.
I thought it wasn't exciting there because it always is.
But it was just a, hey, Wally Ross Jr.
What got into you, sweetheart?
Wally Ross Jr.
had three winners including two gigantic long shots the other night at Pomfano.
The 40th anniversary season of Great Harness Ration is underway at Pomfano Park right now.
The racing tonight and four nights a week.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, first post time, 705.
For top-class nighttime harness racing and high stakes poker too,
the poker room is open noon to midnight every live racing day.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
And Pomfano Park is also open every afternoon evening,
seven days a night a week for the best in simulcasting.
You got your harness through a bright highlight action from all across North America
that you can watch and plunge your guts on.
The dining room in the top of the park.
Oh, by the way, let me tell you about a dessert.
Oops.
Oh, they have a great note.
Oh, seriously.
Cheesecake, wantons.
With strawberry sauce.
When you hold the poker, oh, park in the dining room and you have that,
you will think that you'd, and they heated up the heat.
That's how it's heated up.
Like heated, you want to.
Whoo! What a combination.
The food at the top of the park on the sixth floor is great.
Don't forget, general parking and admission always free at Pomfano Park,
especially when you park way out in No Man's Land because you're waiting for
a fair rich to show up with your pass, which you didn't.
New this season is a 20% increase in purses.
A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free
power player rewards program that gives you points either for betting the horses
or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts in betting vouchers.
Every Wednesday at Pomfano Park is dollar night, dollar draft beers, hot dogs, sodas,
and lots more.
Pomfano Park, go there tonight, post time, $705, and plunge your guts out
for the new racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or on our web, Pomfano Park.com.
Pomfano Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I actually know everything goodbye vous bahs, m'you bahs..
Harry Potter Harry
And here my kids are light light
They said we're so loud
The first printing is so loud
The first printing is so loud
And the next thing is to bring
I've spent six hours in the dark night
Harry Potter Harry Potter
I'm just weak
Delicious neighbor of fact
K-Pain
K-Pain from Bell
Harry Harry Harry Potter
Harry Harry Harry Potter
Harry Harry
11.16 to 5.60 here's a fact from Frank and Melborn who said
The last time I was in the dark night
I was just blinded by the right
Unbelieveable
They sent the religious right conservative
Idiots want to negate the election
Bill Clinton
Now the same bunch is rapidly defending W
Thanks for putting the book on your side
I wouldn't have bothered to read it otherwise
And by the way, Ms. Fudge
David Brock Handeball is to come out of the closet
And finally admit and fess up
What are you doing?
Gonna do it?
No
Fony
Screamer
I think the wheels are starting to come off the Iraq occupation
Says Frank
The CIA just leaked the memo about the Iraqi starting to conclude that we can be driven up by a guerrilla war
I think this shows the CIA is turning on a bush administration for outing
Plame and Chinese brow beating the analyst about the WMD intelligence
It's weird to think that the CIA may be trying to help rid the country of this regime
But I'll accept help from any source he says
The media seems to be finding some backbone last night
Ted Coppel went after Cheney even posed the question
Is Cheney a strong VP and bushed just a figurehead?
How do you like that?
Absolutely
Thank you, Frank and Mel Boren
There's a little bit of hope
And like you said, if the Democrats would find some backbone
Well, they're busy filibustering right now in the Senate
That's good, that's some backbone
Handball
Keep all them right-wing judges out of there
And we did it not only we do it by 1130
We did it way before 1130
Which you can't even believe it, can't believe your eyes
310 votes and it's only 1117
What's your take on a firing of Scott Ferell?
Greg Reid's an asshole 1116
I don't care, never listen to him 43
No great loss 31
The radio business blows 30
I'm pissed, I love Ferell 29
He ended coming, he was over the top 27
His voice nearly killed me 17
I hated him any way 12 and Neil is much more vulgar 5
Although Scott was much more entertaining
Well that's what that other guy said
He said I'm just bitching about the corner
He didn't get your show
He didn't understand it
But he has been listening for a while
And he did hear it once in a past day
I don't know
He listens every single day
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line
Plantation, hello
Bush and 2000
Yeah okay, Bush and 2000
Alright, good for you, Pellet
See you on the back of the truck
Here's a call from North Miami Beach, hello
How you doing?
Okay
I'm beautiful, Florida
Don't unpack, man, don't do it
Ever since I got here
Oh
Yeah
Ever since I got here I've been listening to you guys
And Ferell tells me what's up every night
And I've been going to the Pansley's game
Scarlett
Sheila Braun James the other night
And I've been listening to you guys today
And you guys are going to say what's up
Or where they're going this time
So is there another station I can listen to and get
You know what's happening
Yeah, 880.50
They'll tell you where to go
In fact, if you wait long enough I'll tell you where to go
He would tell them what's up and where to go in this town
Are you ready for that?
Hey Pellet
Go to hell
Yeah, say it again
Go to hell
560.560
Pellet 560
Thank you for serving it up so nicely sir
Fastball right down the middle
560.7
Now, did you fart in there or what?
No, not me
Well, something I didn't do the egg fart in here yet
But I will trust me
Maybe they're gassing you
Do we have a match?
Your breath would have up close for it
So I can light my incest in here
Here's the facts from Henry or says I'm not sure if you've seen this already or not
But it's an article I was sent to me from the November 5th edition of the Business Week online
Discusses bushes, bushes, post-war blunders despite the Harvard MBA degree
Hope you enjoyed it if you haven't seen it
Oh, it's a whole article
Thank you, Henry
PSC says don't retire
What?
Oh yeah, I like that thing
Would you please?
Light it and the
Oh, it's several pages
Oh, how many more pages?
Oh, that's the end of it. Thank you. Thank you, Henry. Have a nice life
5.670560
This is your chance to really tell it like it is and look at that phone, man. Pretty weak
Pretty weak. Your chance to really let it all hang out
We will sit here and listen right till 2 o'clock
Unless you just want to call into the old suck ass routine
Oh, see, there he goes again ripping the callers
Here's Dear Field. Hello
Dear Field Beach
Hello
Yes, sir
Hey, I have a couple of questions
Maybe it'll clear it up for me. Let's clear the air
Let's clear the air. Was he getting a lot of complaints?
For real?
Yes
From the callers and from the sponsors
The callers, forget about the callers
The callers have nothing to do with whether we're on ear or not
Callers are, see there I go again with the callers
Uh-huh
Yeah, the sponsors were a batelin out of the show some of them
And there was a lot of stuff going on behind the scenes that he was, you know, they were working 20 hours at 8 to try to salvage it
Right
And he just couldn't understand that
Evidently
Because he wasn't breaking any FTC rules or anything like that, right?
Uh, no, that's not right
Wow, he was
From what they tell me, I mean, I didn't hear all of his show every day, but from what I'm hearing he was way over the edge a lot of times
I'm just trying to understand his mentality, was it like a artistic control type situation or, you know, I don't understand it
No, it's called being, uh, who wouldn't have liked that? George was just gonna be good, and I think that sums it up very well
Uh, either he just doesn't get it or he's just such a hard ass and gets it to Massive Ego
It's like he's right in a whole rest nature
The whole rest of the world is out of step is what he thinks
I don't know, I never encountered anybody like him
Well, you need that self-preservation
Right, right, in other words, if you go to work in the morning and your boss is if you come in here wearing purple shoes again tomorrow
I'm gonna fire your ass and you'll show up the next day and you got purple shoes on
That means you don't, I mean, how important is it to wear purple shoes, right?
Some people just don't have that self-preservation thing in them
And those people keep getting canned over and over again
That's why I'm trying desperately to explain to the audience, but they don't get it
Well, he wasn't entertaining
He wasn't no question, absolutely
Whatever your boss says, you gotta do, and that's it
Absolutely
Have a great day, Palli
Well said, now see, that guy was, you know, he understands it
See, there's a difference between saying you liked him and he was entertaining
Which I would say yes to both of those very much so, and on the other hand, he put himself in an untenable position
Period
And even when people hear who in positions of power would say, hey, let me help you with this
Let me see if we can salvage this
Hey screw you up, I'm gonna touch you ass, you're gonna see when you're in court
Yeah, you can't do that, you can't just run over the whole rest of the world
Like you're a giant mouth of a steamroller
Alienating your ally
In fact, I think that's a good analogy, a steamroller with a mouth
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah
You can't do it
Otherwise, this thing keeps happening to you repeatedly, you're gonna believe me
I know a little bit about this business, I've been in about 100 years
Otherwise, you keep getting fired
And no matter how entertaining you, see I could be a hell of a lot more entertaining
To go back to that guy I called before, if I could just say air, and believe me, I support that
But that's not the way it is
Right
I support being able to say every word that's ever been invented on a year
There's no excuse for you
No way that the FCC has, it wasn't created for that
The FCC was created to make sure that stations weren't interfering with each other technically on a radio dial
That's the only reason it existed
The FCC act of 34 whatever it whole was
And then all of a sudden a bunch of assholes like Jesse Homs and some other right wingers over the years that evolved into this thing
Oh, well, we're gonna be the word police and the excuse always is
Well, we have to protect the children
As if the children haven't heard every word that's ever been invented
And some that we adults don't even know what they mean at this point
Who do you think's inventing them?
Right, that's right
So if it's up to me, he could say whatever he wants
And all of us would be a hell of a lot
That's why I'm thinking that thing with the XM radio or whatever it is, satellite radio
That's the way to go
Get off the broadcast airwaves and then go on the satellite thing
Which is not regulated by the FCC and see a bunch of assholes who do...
I mean, you even listen to what they just make it up as they go along
First we had the George Carl and Seven Words back in the 70s or was the WBAI thing
And then they've expanded it from there
And when that thing came down in 87 I guess it was about sexual activity or...
Excautory... no, sexual organs or extracurricular activity
But based on what?
What does that mean?
Yeah, based on what?
So in other words sexual activity and the extracurricular organs and activity are things that aren't part of life
In other words, I guess the people at the FCC Michael Powell never farted
Okay?
Never took a crap
He's a smoothie
Is it?
You know, it's smoothie?
Maybe he eats some banana smoothies
Or maybe he just eats the old banana
Who the hell knows?
But I mean, I've been trying to explain that for years and years all
You're just over the top man
You're just too liberal and too right or not
That's just the way it is
There's no such thing as a little bit of freedom of speech
And when it's a pain court when they ruled about, you know,
Fire yelling, firing, a crowded theater
Okay, we can understand that because that speech that endangers somebody else
Okay, if you put somebody else in danger, you can't excuse that kind of speech
Or if you slander somebody else, you can't excuse that
But sure to that there should be no restrictions on speech
In public, radio, TV, shortwave, pub-tent, internet, anywhere
You should be able to say whatever the F you want
See, there's a good example
Mm-hmm
We got to play little games, we got to use initials, we got to, you know, that whole deal
It's wrong, it's bull crap, and the problem with the majority of the American public is
That they've been conditioned to accept that
It's bull crap, I heard some woman call up by the mad dog yesterday
Well, I had, of course, some old bag, you know
Oh, I'm glad for Elle is off because my little children, my children, you know, I had them in the backseat of the car
Go driving them to school in the morning, and I don't want them to have to hear that language and that's a-
But you know what, then turn another station on
And for an additional which, if you got little kids on there, why the hell do you want them listening to a sports show in the first place, bitch?
Right, writing their brain
Right, but that sports garbage put on a music stage, put on Y100
Y
Or put on WLRN
There you go
Well, no, but whatever, put on something they might want to listen to, put on some rock music
Who's with here?
Put on, well, you know, a kid they don't care, put on power
Put on the party radio, a party in your pants, and stop listening to it
It's like the dog barking at the moon thing again
Trying to make it go away
If you don't like it, there's eight minute other choices lady, okay?
And that really frosted my ass too
Here's Jim, who faxes and says
I sure like to have been at Scott where I'll stand up gig of Uncle Funny's on Wednesday night
Oh, I don't think that took place, do you?
I don't know
I think there might have been a postponement
Absolutely
My life and law
This is sports radio by city
New way, New way, and...
An embarrassment
A dupton rosy got more and more
One or two more
You'll be just like your hero
Be a barrel
Oh, now we know
The only thing in your belly is Ray Bay
All these kids make us real mad
Cause there is something with you that can't be had
It's called a dad
Your children can't win
You don't have a need for a man when you're a lesbian
Oh, there's a new rosy child
She's got a way to keep them company
You will be waiting a while
A dupton rosy or a barren woman
You better hope that your show keeps going
Cause when it's done girl we want all the kids to bat
Give them back, give them back
Give them back their babies
Let's be in the room rosy but hot, really lovely looking lesbians are in today
Not big fat bull bikes like you
That's what you can understand
She heard that bikes were in and they said no, not you
29 till noon at 560 WQM
I better get the story about Uncle Funny's where they'll hang up
Here's a poppin'o, hello
Yes sir, how you doing?
I was at Uncle Funny's on Wednesday
And the girl in the front there
You know the one that we're paying everything for
I love his I never been there
Well, she told us that due to contractual disagreements with QAM and Uncle Funny's for
Well, wasn't going to be performing they let us in for free
We had to buy the two drinks you know they have a two drink minimum
Right
But they let us in for free
Now during the performance they were telling us that Farrell was fired
But I thought that was all a joke you know I didn't think that was real
Really?
But that's what they told us
Absolutely
So he was he was an O-show
He was an O-show
Okay thanks for the report Pally
Alright buddy
Okay, don't make them a stick again
So here's an interesting facts
From Chris who says this morning on the highly weighted Mr. Ego
Christian slash due radio show
He thanked his very dear friend Jack Thompson for a job well done
I'm getting the very rude and filthy talking Scott Farrell off the R&W QAM
Mr. Ego went on to say that have Neil removed from the air
Would be a great achievement for improving community standards in South Florida
Says Chris
Well Mr. Ego
That's for you okay
And by the way what station is that again?
Hahaha
What state does anybody know the call it is?
Does it have call it?
No
Does it have any audience?
No
Does it have any numbers?
No
No, but they have 80 million spots, a dollar of holler
For Steve's hair and Steve's penis and Steve's hearing aid
And Steve's implants and Steve's nipple rings and whatever else he's got
And breast and pussy
And Steve's crucifix and Steve's adoption clinic and all these other things
All of these things
Boy, talk about insane jealousy okay?
Man talk about a guy just going wild
5,6,7,0,5,60 pound 5,60 on the AT&T
You know what I mean?
Absolutely
On the AT&T Verizon line
Here's the West Palm Beach hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Man hey can Scott go on the air like right now or does he have no contract here?
Well you know he said that he's when one of his shows he said
People are asking me to go up against Neil
Right
So I mean I would listen to you but
You know something they put Phil Henry with those tapes on against me
I think they can put what they got rush on
I don't really care I do my own show
Hey let me tell you something else
See that wouldn't surprise me because that ego thing that he's got
He really believes that he's going to kick my ass and show me
He's another one of these people who's obsessed with me
I don't know why because I wasn't a competition
Whether I was promoting him
You're the big dog
You're the big dog
You're the big enchilada, the fat old Jew right?
You know you say Anna
This is just a sake of conversation
You're not allowed to say the words and stuff you can't speak freely
That's your whole gig is you know you say package
And we know oh we're hip
No I don't say package
You got me confused with him I don't say package
That's his package
How about that side of it?
Rax and big package yeah right?
Yeah you know and we're hip so we get it you know
Yeah but wouldn't it be a hell of a lot funnier if we didn't have to hint around if we could just say the damn words
That's your whole gig though
No that's not the whole gig you know
That was the whole gig I'd be out the digging ditches right now
No you're doing it great
I'd be standing at the soup kitchen
And the Osborns you know the Osborns right?
How does the F word all the time?
I read in the paper I don't have the CD that you could buy the CD of his whole show
And they said you can listen to it with or without the bleeps
Right
And at least the person who wrote about it in the paper said that without the bleeps it wasn't as funny because you just hear him say the F word
Well bleep them
Have a great day palying
Okay see ya
blind one ain't working anymore I just thought I mentioned in case fix it's in the building because he did fix it
And it was lit up there and all of a sudden it just died because George came back today
By the way George is here so Ripman asked
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16
Well how they enjoy ripping you in there?
You better adopt the same attitude I got now screw it you know what I'm saying?
Oh screw it trust me
Everybody out there is an expert and in this town they all got a problem all you do is bitch about the colors it's all I've ever heard and this one so much more
You know something great put him on from 10 to 2 on 940 on 850 whatever for a few weeks until you know Jack starts with him again it ain't gonna last okay I don't care who they put on
I'm here doing the best I can every day that's all muttling along that's right
I just muttling along here in the middle of this abesely outfitting the checks right to the bank enjoying myself Toronto Amsterdam Miami where the hell I happen to be
Mostly any place but Miami and the life is wonderful in fact Hank and I were commiserating yesterday about that
About the fact that life is as good as it gets if we weren't so fat but that's beside the point more fat
All more than others yeah some and I see there you go again why do you do that?
That's what I do because you're a prick right no wonder they hate you well see I like Hank I like Hank a lot that's why I don't want him to die
Yeah I was a little bit dismayed I was very happy to see him he's a great guy really seriously one of my favorite people one of the nicest guys ever worked with and especially and there was that period when we first came here I'll say it again
But I couldn't understand why he was so psychotic then I worked here a few months and I understood and then I said to him and a mad dog I said just take the money in the back
Screw it they're never gonna change and just go with the flow and look how much greater we're doing right now if we could just not be so fat
What what's this happened to the audio here did you hear that just happened all by itself do you hear it no oh I sure didn't hear all week long I've been battling these speakers the
Oh over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again maybe a creeper's on the pot with clearance
Sitting on each other's lap taking turns here's Pembroke Pines hello
Yes is that panthers no panthers one is the guy with a clicker yeah the ball three beats more free pizza
Panthers didn't look so good last night Roberto Lohan go down he did let it in a couple of really greasy goals but he keeps him in the game if it weren't for him in the first period they'd been down like six nothing anyway
So they just I don't know that one game was great I enjoyed it that for nothing white wash over Tampa Bay well we went to the other night but you know
Rick Dudley this one to keep changing coaches that's not the job they need more talent they need more scores on it to stevey wise by the way nice goal and a great
Kid that kids gonna be hell of a player just make sure we keep him okay keep him don't let him go away
Pay him whatever he wants when he becomes a star which he will my commiserations to you panther fans because I have a feeling that the coaching change
ain't gonna change too much because the coaches don't play the game here's Miami hello you yes sir what are you doing hey don't bitch that lady on the
mad dog show yesterday which one you know I don't want her little kids in the backseat yeah that's like you know me and my wife get that on in the
room watching a porn or flick Mikey comes knocking on the door and yeah come right on in son watch the you know the porn or flick here
with us right for the money shot right he might enjoy it yeah but yeah I mean is for is there any chance for my come back or not
to this station or any station what or hill hill show up somewhere I think he ain't coming back to this station I guarantee you that
and what we're talking about about him being a competitor with you I mean you think you do that you think you want to compete against you I
think he wants to yeah that's not cool huh that's not cool why not it's I have no problem with that doesn't bother me
but you guys are like buddies and stuff no we're not buddies I mean on the year we were I barely even know the guy just saw him in
here every once in a while and then you know I never saw him outside the building okay all right now we're okay have a right there
oh here's the fact that says from Mike I don't know if you heard Mo this morning or I did not I didn't hear him and I didn't see him I didn't smell
him I heard a little bit right there at the end see I get in the car when I'm here about 10 to late oh man I'm as I smart you know
I don't come in like real early anymore anymore because that way I don't encounter it I did see guilty in the hallway that
that we are we bonded but he's okay he's all right he's all right not great he's just fine
haha now seriously if I had to give you an honest answer do you like yoli I like him he's all right he's unfortunately I don't know he's in a bad spot
yeah I know that I'm not going to repeat anything he said Steve I'm not repeating what you said to me this morning because like I said I like
you're a good guy and you're in a tough spot but I all week long so I don't get to hear Mo because I heard that when Joe Rose
went in there oh a little story did you hear about this no I told you oh I did hear about it anyway Joe Rose came in
and Joe had jotted down like I used to sometimes do although don't do it no Mo like a few things to talk about you
know the dolphin game and I'm working and he had like a littlest and he put the paint down on the
counter there in there while Mo was still on the air saying his goodbyes and then Joe walked out there and so
during a commercial break the beast tells me Mo looked over and saw the list and one of them up the
fourth thing on the list was for Joe to talk about Howard's hair piece Howard from Boca right Howard's hair
piece and of course Mo I guess didn't take it too well absolutely didn't like it so there was like a little
chill in the ears what I was describing the atmosphere during a crossover when Joe Rose came in and Mo
shuffled out I do mean shuffle it says I don't know if you're in Mo this morning it's incredible how he's after
your job around 615 him and Gildey came out of a break just after Neil Rogers promo was played Howard asked
Goldie why was Scott fired Goldie said for crossing line I suppose Howard said I want to know what
difference there is with what we just heard the promo Howard said there is a hypocrisy of QA
minutes ridiculous I believe Howard said your promo something to do with rape although I'm not sure I just missed the promo
the promo had one of those Wilk Chamberlain rape me cuts or something like that right yo yo yo let's
rate Mo it said rape yeah but the interesting part is he's the one that was saying it gang rape is funny yeah
oh did I say that I don't think so I think Howard said gang rape is funny depending
huh depending on who's receiving well when he's when he's receiving it's always gang rape is funny
a panic oh yeah yeah you two work of the uh have a good day of paradise okay
they get lost your pocket bottom hey you Howard David yeah that's right star a stage screen
and paradise say you look like we'll chamberlain that's goes I is will jabilant yeah but you're dead
did sure you right now get behind the car what for what I said get move when he went away when he
was right behind the corner hey get the head off the merchandise scream all you want it all right all right
no one but the spoke is down here in the garage hey what do you require of me I require you
drop your pants now I see here right now I don't know if you like it no window okay I'm gonna
trunk here is that nice I said window and now yes now that's we like a peak we're like a
little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little
like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like
like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like crying like like like like like like like like I don't have to do a SFe of look at your own love it's like I turn it out because like like like like like like I don't have a place like like like look at that like no like I don't have a place like like I don't have a place like like dass like a couple picture and then it's like like like like like that like don't have
right and once we got past that zooming up to the track and but of course coming
southbound it was backed up for about 4,000 miles all the way to Prokipsi really bad
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line West Palm Beach hello
Hey one if I'm ready
No here's a call from Kendall hello hello yes sir hey Neil God you must be doing
something right I've been listening to you since I think it was 1982 83 you're
on 710 yeah that dab was around 600 at the time 790 yes something like that
anyway as far as for our goals you know I really like the stuff he said he's
you know has a lot of good stuff to say but his voice oh man it was bad my
I turned it on the morning when I was taking my kids to school he was he is hard
to listen to yeah and it was like my kids what's wrong with that guy he's got a bad
cold I don't know I don't know if he's faking it or what you know yeah it was
terrible but anyways Neil love your show then listen to you to forever I
remember I used to used to be on that Toyota thing right real late at night
horrible oh man that was very interesting him that is the old viral days I remember
him to watch all vibrant flip the channel there Mark Jacobson and Don Cox rest in
peace oh man anyways yeah just keep up with the good work and as far as your
Greg Reed I don't know man we don't know either so that makes a whole bunch of us
yeah I used to I guess the guy like you said he won over the line there but I
don't really very heard him say anything I think like you said it should be the
guy that that pushes the button should be responsible I think it was a little
high-strung you know high-strung yeah you know it's just a high-end
side he for all he just goes on and on he just can't help himself yeah he's
got something there yeah yeah have a great weekend palying you too much yeah five
six seven let's do a screen list the rest of the way I want you screaming at the
colors like that it's very bad don't be picking on the colors like that guy said
earlier let's do so good well it's it's a little bit of a problem here I hate
this studio my student Toronto is far advanced in superior to this crap and
line one is out again in here and just you know this is not a place that was
designed for radio it's more like hanky banky is what it is it's like party
radio country kitchen it's a party place in fact we ought to steal that name
from the cops people party radio party yeah we're just from Don Cox right
in peace but I was really sad the guy dies he was on here here for all those
years chicken never wrote one word about him there was just a you know I
glamorized obituary then I was it it's very it's very sad what this town is
all about cold and even a for well thing do you realize that both of these
articles appeared in the sports sections well well what were the sports
they did a very jackass article I understand in the Harold cuz he writes in
the sports section but wouldn't you think that jica's column should be on the
entertainment pages where the radio and TV is supposed to be no it's on a sports
page and filled with your usual mistakes let me be sure mention that again Tom
jica you idiot always mistakes over and over and over again five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight all the way do like to fact dimensions
about the fortuitous thing about lightning hitting the tower that he was
supposed to start right with like a message from God and we didn't listen here
at q a m god was trying to warn us don't put him on there here's the anti
Christ and we didn't listen and now look at what we're doing now we're paying
for it dearly here's Davy hello Davy Florida a bastion of cow
word lay people who want to talk on the phone see that Davy couldn't get it out
wq a m now see all the lines are screwed up see if not them it's our phone
see people just happened somebody's screw with our phone again because when you
hear that sound yeah when you hear this sound then you know let me try one more
time wq a m near see there you go no problem yes sir I have the perfect perfect
solution yes sir okay just stick to the subject Scott quit Ramley he always
round the act about one cousin in it okay put it on the subject thank you
sir see I can't talk like that see that's his normal voice right and people no
matter how many times we say that they'll never believe us if you spend enough
time talking like that but but I can't do it because it like just tears my vocal
chords it hurts it hurts after all you can't stop talking like that yeah yeah yeah
yeah wow I don't know how he does it wq I am speaking oh how you doing pretty good
hey listen what's up listen to 850 you got a much better program thank you
for that man what's on 850 what loser they got on air they have one news news
you say news he said news news I said have a great weekend they got news on
air he's just auditioning he wants it 8 to 10 gig we don't do news on the station
sorry pal we're doing screenless 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and
Verizon wireless line I don't even know what that station is is that they change
it's a f the elegant it's news it's not I mean seriously the color is they
change it to f the elegant the billboards says oh my god speaking of billboards I
was driving up to the I guess going home yesterday and there's a great billboard
for the Schmidt myster there on iod the only problem is it's behind a bunch of
big palm tree you can't see it till you're like almost buy it well that's great
yeah nice going boys nice going PD bull tree you guys are the best talk about
accomplishment wq I am Neil yes sir since we're throwing in takes can I
pitch right in there go ahead talk to the matters I didn't find for how very
entertaining and so my apparatus what was that I was hoping you could explain
it he said something about his apparatus as for radish I think is what he's on
on it man or maybe he's talking about it as as asparagus I don't know wq a
hello yeah okay good wq a hello hello yes sir speaking me hey I was
it mentioned about the stadium deal no we're not talking about that 5 6 7 0 5
60 come under the sports and errant shows okay we don't talk about stadium
deals we're not talking about Jack McKee and be 100 years old we're not talking
about anybody and then boring because you know what sports talk is boring as
well
we're sports radio 5 6 2 a.m.
pow this is Rosie O'Donnell and the clock am I stomach says it's the Neil
Rajas 12 to 1 hour and the way we go there was an old farmer who lived on
a rock he said in the middle just shaking his face that some boys who were
down by the crick their feet in the water their hands on their marbles and
play things and at half past four there came a young lady she looked like a
pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she
showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dark she said she was
learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the
boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you send later from yesterday's
hunt while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by
the dark he looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big
fence out front if he asked her for lightly she'd show him her little betdog
who was subject to fits and maybe she let him grab hold of her small tender hands
with a movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so
tasty made a butter Scotch and then he spread with cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go
yourself see now you tell me Miguel is doing a thing today I had no idea we got
over 40 grand for a band in Prezcu thanks to a mad dog and a Humper yesterday
he's coming through with some big checks and everybody else in a building it
was amazing all the people the little people in this building came through which
I think really embarrassed some other people anyway Miguel is doing a thing
today with our best and ill merchandise discount auto parts 360 that's
3 0 0 6 oh South Texas you how are you at homestead from
out of two o'clock he's already there see I could have been promoting this
all morning but I didn't know about it now what does that other things say oh
he's also going to be the other place yeah so he's doing piggyback side by each
appearances he'll be from 230 to 4 30 at the Walmart Super Center 33 501
South Texas you have in Florida City we're gonna have what let's let's like way
way way way way down here in like a lettuce picking country right name it
Malinga man Malan Sanna discount auto parts 360
South Texas you have a homestead noon to two and Walmart Walmart Super Center
check it out 330 501 South Texas you have a Florida City 230 to 4 30
Miguel and our best meal stuff I'd have a number for you there but somebody I guess
probably George throughout the sheet that I had when I left yesterday I had
the number on it how much we had I didn't touch anything in this it was a little
over 40 grand but somebody Schmitt can't it I touched nothing 5 6 7 0 5 60 how's
that pull coming a lot of votes baby I mean it's incredible heavy heavy duty
453 votes and really what it boils down to again there's only one person I'm
gonna blame for all of this mess we went through again it is not Jack Thompson it
is not the Scott Farrell it's a Greg read which by the way he's still leading the
pack on a poll so even the audience knows it pack in the poll he's packing it
because the bottom line is why do you why do you put somebody on who does a
certain thing who's what will you know what you're getting that's it and then
you're gonna like try to oh well gonna harness that energy and I'm gonna like
do this I'm gonna do that and it all is a result of the fact that he broke
the morning show make no mistake about it that's why he was so sheepish yesterday
I've been here all week how many times do you think he actually came in here
like said hi he stuck it after I talked about on the air a dozen times he
stuck his head in the door yesterday and I was talking about this whole business
and like you know that nervous sheepers look he gets and he's all
congratulations on the great ratings again and like flew out of there you know
because he knows I'm on to him he's not fooling me doesn't matter that he
created a nightmare and we've had a succession from the Ron Hershey highway days
I mean the morning road killed crew Jeff D. Foam the Seminole Indian disaster crew
I mean you know it's just and then of course Mo and let me say one thing about
that facts about Mo from a little bit ago see that bears out what I've said
before he's not just happy with Dancin on Farrell's grave yesterday morning
which he did for three solid hours with his audience with his phony baloney
chronic's okay he's not just satisfied with that what he would love to see is
everybody else get fired so that would be like job security for him hey that's
how paranoid he is no it really paranoid is when it doesn't exist that's how
nervous he is and rightfully so because everybody in the building hates you like
poison mo you're right about not going to that goddamn rating party for the
reason being that you have no friends in the building you know what you are Mo
absolutely correct you have no friends in the building you know they got the
what yeah look yeah I'm looking and we still can't find a piece and his dog ate
his muskrat so he's walking around with a silly hat on all this week I'm told
because of the fact he can't fight his muskrat the dog ate it five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what a place
and you know something I see some similarity there we did a great job of
checking references and hiring more Howard David and for all the track record
another another great nationwide search WNQ I am I'm doing it when he
going back Toronto man it's getting crazy yeah anyways hey for all I've heard
him on other stations and other places but you know when he came out here he
like you just ran the yeah a little bit about the rest is talking about
somebody's mother or you know it's just he was kind of annoying talking about
your mama now yeah he talked about my mom once many times and I like that okay
have a great day pal and get out of here get a real phone it works five six seven
oh five sixty I think I'm gonna like go do a number no I'm not happy because I
just ate another little tiny thing that was in that sack I'm gonna take that
sack no you don't have to forget about too late now oh geez it wasn't even good
no seriously try I don't know why you brought that stuff in here that way there
was unacceptable they will listen to me and that's why I despise coming here
February I had a stroke here because of the same crap and then August I just
about killed myself with a eight hundred pounds of bacon that how he's
brought in with my name on it and I just sat here and kept eating it and eating
it and eating it how many strips of bacon was in that thing
times three I'd say about 90 enough to enough to kill a cow so every time I
come here there are people who force feed me make me sick so I'm just like I
said yesterday I think a good idea about three times a year I'll get in my
rented car drive what no I'll take my passport I'll drive tonight we're
falls I'll cross the border I'll stay for a weekend overnight I'll get to go
to the casino there they got a real nice casino I'll go cross over to New York
state I'll get my passport snapped I'll go right back to Toronto where it's safe
well well I like it where I where there's a life where nobody's gonna be
force feeding me crack where nobody's like I'll try to kill me yet God
kill you with kindness oh Niels here that triceratford oh it's so great
I haven't here this week so stop bringing those assholes in here with food you
little crazy spook you man what the hell's wrong with you God all the way
brought in a couple nice shirts from Shelley Bloom they were nice actually they
were very nice I mean they weren't probably colorful enough to satisfy
moe see I wish moe could have seen my nice award or by war the same old
uh... so you know just for him just in case I saw him although one shirt they
gave it's kind of got flowers Hawaiian prints on it lower it's a little on the
uh... pansy side they got pansies and daffodils once you take under firing a
scot for all we're asking here today on a weekend long pool we got four hundred
and sixty four votes not today we never five hundred by twelve thirty credible
will have way over five hundred by twelve thirty mister they are foaming at the
mouth on this everybody in time like that they are
and i think if you want to do eight to ten because actually you did that
pretty good
uh...
package
yeah i did your mom when you come when you come right here on on to your mom
everybody really i thought about that but anybody can do it
and you know your voice too bad
i'm just a little bit like a man who I'm hockey game i've been here knows
I just can't talk to you
we have a great option here that well talk sports when i heard he ever talk
sports crazy the callers did well that's the callers is say what I really want
simple crowd
and then we can call man you are an asshole we were on to him right away
so you started with a product faxes that solely crap i was on him in the
sideways that i knew you an idiot chronic paul and by the way tom Brady says
the answer is still no
just like peter north
yeah tom Brady says the answer is still no peter
what's your take on a firing a scot for well Greg reads an asshole 145
thirty one percent four hundred and sixty nine votes
the man who created just and like a nightmare just never ends
you never wake up from
the man stood right there right on the other side of that edge of that
counter there
at least a thousand times
and said to me with his song of the dance about the morning show and he's like
uh... i don't know you
and i said if it's not broke
don't fix it i said are we making money on it so you have a little slow breaks
all the spot i said are we making money on it so not to pay the pay attention
to me anyway was the what do you know nothing
nothing at all
we were making money everybody was happy everybody got along well we used to
like you have some fun in the hallway there people as opposed to now now
until everybody safely sure that most of the building everybody tiptoes on
eggshells
in a hallway
because they're afraid to crusty old fart will be out there and his
muskrat might get loose
or he might even worse drop his bag
that's what guilty for me this morning said the worst part of work with most
that he got a clean his bag out every hour that's not too good
well
four hundred and sixty nine votes
are you ready for that that even ten past noon man
four hundred and sixty nine votes when George takes these polls when i'm on
vacation that's more votes and he gets in a week right
anyway great reason asshole one hundred forty five i'm pissed i love for well
eighty three seats got to put that on there
i don't care i never listen to him seventy one
no great laws forty four the radio business blows forty boys say it again the
radio business blows he had a common over he was over the top thirty six
his voice nearly killed me twenty eight
i hated him anyway seventeen and kneel is much more of all your six
out of four eighty and all six of those must have called in last two days
because i keep hearing that oh yeah how come you're right is still on the
station he's a lot more vulgar he says worse things than for however they're right
you should live so long some people will never understand the proper use of
certain words right on text
some people will never understand this is the difference between being just a
little bit you have to be a rocket scientist because i'm sure not a little bit
clever and like the guy said before and go to the age and like using certain
ways of doing things as opposed to coming out and just
you know blurting it right out waiting out
it's not the word it's the placement i see it's where you stick it
it's eleven past noon to listen over example for sure
as your package your package
what see if we were smart we just had you go
when it's not smart we could alternate it
we could have pretend they never got it but i never know when he was gone
hey it's got from all the video i know i know i'm going to take it off the ass
you know what i can't i can't uh do the material though
well what's the way to write it out for you okay we do we do we do we do
we do we need three or four sports words out of every half hour we do written
them in there you know just a dolphin hurricane
that maybe really suck panthers i'm gonna put that there's
I don't know if you're gonna get a surgery this time i was i told you see i do
a better than you do i think so i think what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna do eight
to ten in a four rel voice okay and then you'll do ten to two
it's eleven past noon at five sixty double you know i always wanted two
hours show everybody else around here works like uh a little measly once a
time we got the mad dog at two the hump her four to seven three solid hours
hang take your vitamins and lose an answer to please i'm begging you man
in fact thanks only on two hours because the wave wants that show is five to
six that should be pleasant oh man the day wants that show after that
unbelievable performance against ten to see last
sunday that was just i can't even describe how excited i was watching that
then you got your what we got after that the big old is on seven to ten we have an
awful lot the big old lately quite a and he's gonna be at the kindle ale house
question market says maybe if they'll let him in but i doubt it
any k follows the big old and then espn radio overnight
you never know who's gonna show up on a espn radio you know what i mean
you never know oh he got candy or two didn't he
i don't know i don't know maybe he said yamama
hey big news howlet party at gmc was voted number one numero uno
in customer satisfaction in date county that's right the number one potty at gmc
dealer in the whole county of town living in juprieta want to thank their
loyal customers who've been supporting their joint for over 35 long years
stop by howlet party act right now and check out the potty act vibe normally
retelling for over 20 grand you can buy fully loaded for 16,500 bucks plus tax
howlet is your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the
eucon and eucon excel and coming soon to howlet party act the brand new and
exciting envoy x uv the most unique SUV on a market anywhere
and of course as always you find a great nial deals every day at howlet party act
one thirty four oh one south thixie highway that's their legendary location on us one
right across the street from the falls a little bit north of those places where
Miguel is gonna be they're open every day seven days a week throughout more info
call them your Rogers nial deal hotline toll free there's my close personal best friend
Greg read and i don't want your autograph at one trivel eight five three four
forty two eleven that's one trivel eight five three four forty two eleven
don't forget all offers something to credit approval see our friends at howlet
for details howlet party act gmc unlike Greg they are professional
great
i love this is for twin vice
two way m
two
three
four
my army has the violins world champion baseball team
not one before the series no fans were ever seen
not at their chance they have the fans surrounding them like rats
who went the cellarings over one refunds for their hats but they're just
front running for me
front running for me
children support unless they want
yeah they're just front running for me
front running for me
don't give a crap about the one
my army brang or sound teaching about the nial square
let all around the foreign town where no one really cares
for whole that they need interest in supporting their own team
we'll call up for her radio to get their tickets for because they're just
front running for me
front running for me
children support unless they want
and they're at your front right
so we go home now
so Greg reads is how much the need for your charity and i said
long me fifty dollars
cost seventeen at five sixty wq i'm here's the fact that says i agreed that it was
uh... for all self-destructive nature that was firing however
the real issues that the people like jackass tomson don't like what's on the
radio they can listen to something else absolutely correct but of course you
not dealing with the no nobody should be allowed where i can listen to uh
nobody should be allowed to tell me what i can listen to is what they mean
and if his ratings were a barometer a lot of people wanted listen to him
Greg read is not the bad guy here perhaps for the first time it says and he just
walked out of here would like to have heard this
the bad guys are people like jackass tomson and fox news header it says thanks
well there's no question about that but
the fact is we put on a whirling out of control dervish and expect to be able to
like kind of temperate you know i'm saying i think i don't with this temperance
saying oh just calm down skipping oh gee it just bit me you know
skip just weird up skipping oh speaking of skipping and he's the only one at
self-department that came in here anywhere near me this week who hasn't given
a dime to abandon pair rescue the good news is a week without Todd Dreck
oh what a pleasure and a week without Bob Eisenberg
oh what a pleasure Bob's a good guy no he's not
why do you say that Bob Eisenberg what are you getting from him because you'd
never would say that he tries he comes in here with copy periodically
that piece of copy of mouth that's got the two bad mistakes in it you mean
write that one yeah but at least then he he doesn't even prove
free that he didn't even look at that's too much effort
plus Todd Rex running a boiler room agency out of here just like we heard the
day i found out about that from Jeff no yeah he's running a boiler room out
of here he's got his own little agency like PD Lenny did that's why those spots
I don't want to mention which ones they are have that crap copy on here that
because he's he's doing it and they let it but the good news is i haven't
seen hide and hear him all week long and i only got an hour and 41 minutes and
it'll be bye bye bye thank goodness
let's see here's the fact it says Moe interviews himself
this guy thinks so much of himself he didn't interview of himself Moe interviews
hd i think Moe's feedlers agent because he defends the loser whenever
possible this morning gildey and moe got into it over feedler oh that's good i wish
it would have heard that maybe gildey grew a little pair huh a little tiny pair
oh yeah well Moe's obsessed and of course you know when you got your head stuck up a
guy's ass it's hard to like uh separate it five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a gate TNT and Verizon wireless line
McAllen couldn't raise no money down there what the hell is he doing way to hell
down there uh you got to go down there sometime no you don't
you know hey hey hey you still live there don't not come that's what for i used to say
what's your take on a firing a scot for well i bet you we got oh look at a 502 it's only
twenty after you're just george's cannot believe this he just uh you do have the luck mind you
something you don't always have more results but i mean are you trying to say it's one of them hot
button issues yeah now what is this this is an interview where we're going to come from
look at that with Moe when an awful muskrat on his head and a muskrat is about like two
thirds of the way back on his forehead
Mike O'Leave a thin zone dot com did a quick interview with the voice of the dolphins how we're
David it this is amazing and they just factored to me it's got a picture of Moe what is like i said
this thing way back on his uh absolutely back of his head thanks gruan
scrantious brought us to check don't come anywhere again please i just date how much
hundred pounds of scrant let's hear it i can't burst her angregg into giving that's see i don't
pull any punches man i think people are making money like they are plus i'm making them a lot of money
right so even though it's not going into my pocket if it's a charity i care about which it is very
much abandoned pay rescue they ought to be happy me out and they are because i'm burst them into
it because i bitched and screamed at holler and she opens it up and she says hey scrant get lost
and by the way how's the book showing oh the book one in the pink one in the stink
here's the uh let's see moe feeder can jf either be a quarter or not oh i see i don't get it
it says moe and hd oh i see what the guy was saying i don't understand the previous
facts i thought it was just a little joke but it wasn't because i had a question to it says mo
you moe so i guess the interviewer is uh called moe this is a given name for whoever this interviewer
is i don't know moe can jf either be a quarterback that leads the team deep into the playoffs
how are david says yes jf either can lead them deep into the playoffs now that they have a running
game and signing feet there was a given well says better out there yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay
what do you like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of eighteen tn for
rising line we're doing the screenless leave George alone w-k-a-m q-a-m how was it w-k-a-m hello
yeah i'd like to talk to niel please where you calling from i've come from four-letter
here's a call from four-letter hello niel guy speaking how are you pretty good
uh we got a little take on his for real thing okay what's your take sure i'm not very original
with all this that's okay but uh looking at this uh remember how it turns movie private parts
this whole thing reminds me of the pig vomiting counter where they brought him in the new york city
and their whole goal is to change him from day one in temperament i think it's exactly what i
thought this whole time i got a guy who lets his personality from day one how they've tried to do
with change him and it's ridiculous he got the rating form and he was doing exactly what they
should have what he should have been doing getting the crowd to listen he got everyone riled up
whether they hated him or loved him just like you do and he's doing his job and for some reason
or other they couldn't take it okay and that's it and i love you and i definitely want to make
love to you okay next week god bless thanks by long distance zoli in orth Miami says as far as
scott forella goes i'm sorry to see him go he's very entertaining got me listen to qm for six this
is zoli you know chronic zoli you know who that is yes idiot uh got me listen uh a-
six hours eight to two only you made uh you and him made me laugh it was the only talk rated
by blah blah blah so if he was morally indecent there's radio about rating Greg really a stupid you're
an idiot zoli have no idea what you're talking about another radio expert okay another expert
doesn't have a clue what he's talking about and the fact's ain't too good either five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t line wq a m hello nil yes sir hey what's going on
hey we don't happen to t me from passions dead dead he died really not not just on the show but for real
oh my god you didn't know that you didn't know that i did not know that about a year ago
wow he's sleeping with the fishes in fact he's sleeping with the tuna fishes in the canary
there are the uh julian's canary oh we have oh anyone closing yes precious popcorn for two
hahaha
Edna Wallace greatest character in history at tv make no mistake about it
i i was uh on the phone yesterday i missed the part where oh that's right they'll see it today
if i told him the charlie really was uh julian's father
alistair crane i bet this audience had ever nervous breakdown i would spoil it for him
no because uh he's in his chair lighting up a big cigar and he pulls off the uh the mask
and a whole thing with his dyke uh woman charlie that he's been playing it turns out it's
alistair crane who of course has wanted charidan dead for a long time anyway see no i was going to
watch it today damn it charidan still looks pretty good five six seven and the McGill uh oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t and Verizon wireless line you've got to see just to see the
orangutan just to see precious he's got the lips just like George W on our website on the WMD
search yes speaking of McGill he said no the homestead thing what our McGill is in homestead
yeah and nothing he hasn't said anything that's what i'm saying speaking of McGill or you're
trying to get me to promote the animal if i would have had out i promoted it all morning
then already been down this morning when i was the one from yesterday because i didn't nobody ever
told me we were doing other one today and especially way down there man McGill is a discount auto
part store three oh oh six oh that's three six south dixie highway at homestead not all to a
clock and obviously not getting any response with our best of merchandise and then he'll be at the
Walmart super center at three three five oh one south dixie highway and florida city from two thirty
to four thirty i think that's a good place for a Walmart florida city it's an excellent place for it
way down far from us where we'll be safe wd q a m hello
wm hello nil yes sir god speaking hey um actually i think they fired the wrong guy in the
morning man yeah i'm oh Howard he stalks we're gonna get it with personal life
talk to the morning guy firstly i'm on an afternoon kind of person i never wake up that early
right i don't i don't have to put up with it and listen to it but then again i could always
change the situation but it's not what they're trying to avoid people changing the situation
that's what we're trying to avoid we want to listen 24 seven man yeah yeah well
in closing read the net hold okay i just told him that when he was in here and he agreed
that's the best part said yeah you're right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line let's see how many votes are we gonna have by a twelve thirty here let me take a look
look at that five hundred and twenty five and that's with four minutes to go until twelve
thirty mister all has six hundred by one oh easy and by two o'clock we might have like
fifty thousand votes on there see if everybody in the audience could actually vote you know it's
i never realized did you realize that only twenty five percent of america have like PCs there was a
whole big report i was watching the other day about that i can't believe that especially with regards
to the children and how far ahead of us they are yeah it's scary i'm talking about like just
in general twenty five they broke it down ethnically and everything it's fascinating
hmm it's not pretty boring anyway if you want to replace that terrible carpeting in your home let me
tell you about laminets or russian the easy the smart the intelligent low maintenance alternative
to very extraordinarily expensive natural wood flooring laminets or russian is the best place
to find laminated wood flooring from period or pergol wilsonard uniform and quick step
and all of laminets or us flooring is installed by pergol certified installers too here's another
reason to be called laminets or russian prices are so low your eyeballs will probably pop right out
that's right now you can get their fall special for just fourteen hundred ninety five bucks
that's correct just fourteen hundred ninety five dollars gets you up to two hundred ninety five square
feet of beautiful easy to care for lamina wood flooring and laminets or us will match any
legit and written off for two for a free and home estimate call laminets or us toll free and tell
that old kneel i mean underlined the old parts say that old fart cato did a call it's one eight seven
seven seven seven thirty three thirty six they make it so easy it's unbelievable free carpet
disposal free furniture moving at twenty five year warranty and years and years and years of
beautiful easy to care for lamina wood flooring call laminets or us two day toll free one eight seven
seven seven seven thirty three thirty six five and local here sports video five cities you
weigh him this is the seek free and Dennis Miller audition let's begin okay Mr. Dennis Miller
here i'm going to be giving you this magic one oh hang on a second here you give me a one
doctor fry pick up the white courtesy phone hey nice outfit you got there sicky yeah you look
like Carson Cressley after he rated evil carnivals wardrobe hey listen Liberace all right this
is gonna work out okay in my mind here hasn't been a decent to some of the distance Louis preman
keely Smith okay i mean i don't want to go off on a red hair oh yeah thank you mr. Miller we'll
let you know okay well i leave you with the words of our comedies all right look it up never
hit on sixteen okay next is right twelve thirty one at five sixty i haven't even heard this year
that's great but main man by new best friend of the radio station
Neil Rogers coming up at 10 o'clock yeah you should live so long you pathetic old koot it's a
29 to one at five sixty wd q and i think it's must practice right away probably left home just got
tired of his crap and we got one maybe the greatest facts we've ever had and then the worst
facts when maybe not ever but here's the fact that says why haven't you mentioned judge where
you're more getting canned because we had it on immediately yesterday like moments after it happened
on a show and because it was on our website the whole story in fact i read the whole story
later in the show we had the story the moment of broke and then i read the entire story from CNN
on a website yesterday and it's also on our website thanks Greg
Greg just brought in a check you see how i work i don't monkey around i went all the way to the top
we started with some of the underlings who brought in their little dinky checks and then we went
all the way we got the the mad dog in the humper and then we got scruand and now we got Greg
Reed brought in check for a million dollars to get to walk over there with you look at the check
to see how much it was and five that five dollars right five dollars you know something in his case
it wouldn't surprise me man oh man do i hate this place
five thousand dollars from grammean five hundred dollars right five hundred what you know is with him
you know five six five cent from a Greg Reed who cared enough to send his very best
wow what is this qm headlines what is that all about i don't know look at the qam.com source
it's from bell-stopped internet service it's a i don't know what i get certainly can't be for me
handgoalberg's pick them contest this is on um i don't know what this is on qm.com well we know
that's not for us they got the wrong number go by there's somebody else go by the sports nerds
why haven't you mentioned judge worry more oh boy that is so sad so pathetic if you'd be listening
if you take a look at our prestigious website maybe it's one of them people out there that can't
afford or isn't sparring up the steal a pc you could you mention judge Roy more than you have
then i have that's right no more anyway here's the other facts it says
Neil no wonder mr. ego saying nice things to jack because they have a lot in common one is they
make believe talent on and make believe radio station the other is a lawyer who's registered
in rest with the Florida bar is a suite at the mailboxes etc i'm dixie highway and moral gables
neither one has a real job or lives in the real world and they both desire attention more than
anything else in life i know jack from his church he's no better there a note to both of them
i can make my own decisions on moral thank you and if i need any help i'll be sure not to call you
great facts outstanding that's maybe the best not great a framer that is it's a framer let's frame it
i'll just stick it in my pile oh tv is made nation complacent algorithm says i might i
got a whole bunch of stuff here but i'm so intent and get these calls in here because they're so good
well i don't want to knock the colors because that other guy from early he'll he won't listen no more
and you know how upset i get about that i love this my buddy my main man my new best friend of the radio
Neil Rogers coming up at 10 o'clock die you old disgusting piece of crap die die die die die a wicked
nasty death with oozing bloody diary okay don't die out with a bad look on your post just die fast
no i stay take that back die a slow long excruciating death i hate you you're the most vulgar
vile piece of turd that ever would not just in this business in any business on the face of the earth
you make Hitler look like a good guy you make god that gang is con seem like a Sunday school teacher
god piece of turd you i like yelder you right say some things you know
i had a chat with him in a hallway this morning a lengthy chat now we took in a leak together
546 votes George 546 what's your take on the firing of scott for well we'll start at the bottom now
and work up for variety Neil is much more vulgar only seven out of 546 seven
i hated him anyway 22 not much his voice nearly killed me 32
he had it coming he was over the top 44 the radio business blows 44 we know that
anybody who's been for more than five seconds knows that the radio business blows right we
knows it blows absolutely his voice nearly killed me 32 i hated and i'm going the wrong direction
now the radio business blows 44 no great loss 51 i don't care i never listen to him 80
i'm pissed i love for 114 and great reads an asshole 162 so if you take the ones that are like
supportive let's see 48.6 56.6% and then add on there about 58% so like 58.42%
supportive as opposed to like sour and damn you know like that WQAM
what is it hey yes sir speaking hey what monkey's that fired up for that what's going on
i beg your pardon what monkey's that fired in he was great he's not here no more
i know man just turn on let's just let's go on one one he ain't here no more we got canned
and they're keeping man then they're keeping the old moment
oh my god that's that's like oh my what are you next no i got to better contract in both of them
god if you're listening they're out there man we love you have your breath okay paling
i like they got to call mad doggy's dev spent the whole day with Scott and you're the only one
on the station who told it like it was oh that that's just it just made my insights twitch i
was gonna get like my irritable bottle act in up again because it's so full of crap there is
absolutely nothing that i said these last two days there wasn't right on the money
i had my thumb right on it and then we'll take it from us how we tried on the inside to
make it all good right and how i said here the the three days that i was here this week until
the ball blew up and i'm sitting here to please don't do the you know don't say
ah you say this all time it's it's always it always comes back to me which i don't do that i
don't there you know but he's he's hallucinates certain things i believe
he tried to explain the difference right more than one occasion how do you explain something
as somebody who doesn't listen how do you have a convert it reminds me of my mother i was there
in my mother's yesterday for lunch and after lunch i should just get up and walk out because
and no matter what i say she's not listening anyway and at one point she started and i could see
what i'm talking her the wheels are run very slowly in her old hand and then at that point oh i
forgot what i was gonna say but but even though she did forget what she was gonna say to interrupt me
she made it a point that no matter what i was saying she still didn't hear it you see what i'm saying
so her the madness in her method still worked because she wasn't gonna pay any attention
what i was gonna say and it was the same with him you cannot listen to somebody answering or
suggesting or discussing when you're going ah you know this all time anyway man
and the matter what you say to everyone is so american my life and more this is for
205 cities you way you way yeah
cities do you like famous people do you like joining fan clubs do you have absolutely no
sense of human decency whatsoever then join the Scott Peters and fan club oh he's so
honky there's no way you could be guilty of course not that's why thousands of women are
writing love letters to scot in prison hoping to become the next lucky Mrs. Peters is i think i
can change him but he doesn't need changing his so you well you sound like the perfect candidate for
the scot Peterson fan club sign up now and you'll get a scot Peterson poster a scot Peterson
bumper sticker and a set of scot Peterson trading cards i'll trade you two scot to be
orange careful one scot in your jumpsuit no way that's the most correctable one membership in the
scot Peterson fan club also entitled you to receive personalized cards and letters from scot himself
look i got a letter from scot he wants to marry me and take me fishing on our honey my
love you so sweet what one lucky fan club member gets a chance to meet scot face to face behind
a two inch stick reinforce last window every third Wednesday between the hours of one and one 15 p.m.
oh i hope he has your own hair that day yeah that makes the world so homicidal
join the scot Peterson fan club because you're almost as sick as he is
absolutely it's 17 to 1 at 5 60 w.c.w. mad dog at two hopper at four
they want stature at five like i said that should be a real weener you know that should be
really depressing maybe they can't have a wake the quiz i have not a influence in tv in america
is fostered a complacent nation as a danger to democracy former vice president al Gore said
Tuesday Gore speaking on media and democracy at middle tenisee state university told attendees
that a client of newspapers as the country's dominant method of communication leaves average
americans without an outlet for scholarly debate i guess he never heard this show when you say
we have scholarly debate all the time every day intellectual every call our democracy is suffering
in the age when the dominant medium is not accessible to the average person and doesn't lend itself
most readily to the conveyance of complex ideas about self-governance score said instead it pushes
toward a lowest common denominator only must have heard this show
Gore said the results of that inaccessibility are reflected most prominently in the change
priorities of the country's elected officials who will feel that debating important issues is
relatively meaningless today how do they spend their time instead raising money to buy a 30 second
tv commercials students and members of the community filled the 235 c. auditorium for Gore's
appearance several hundred more walked to speech on a big screen monitor set up in the building's
it was the first to two lectures students at 200 college campuses across the country also watch
Gore speech by satellite and ask the former vice president questions by calling a tool for your number
he said democracy in america flourish at the height of the newspaper era which empowered
the one to influence the many that change with the advent and subsequently popularity of
television to say no in the average american watches four hours of tv a day what does it do to
us that has relevance to democracy does it encourage passivity it is connected to the obesity
is it connected to the obesity academic if people are just staring at little box four hours
a day and has a big impact on democracy said and there's nothing worse than staring at little
box all day or big one that's what Peter North said Gore said a remedy to tv's dominance maybe
the internet a print based man he's right he invented it he ought to know a print based meeting
that's extremely accessible to the average person we have to choose to rehabilitate our democracy
in part by making creative use of these new meeting by insisting within the current institution
and i'm going to tell you right now whether without al Gore if you want the truth go to the internet
and there's a lot of bullcrap under two and a lot of phony scam ads you got to know where to look
so go to our website and go to the links baby go to the links
clip its nails every few months they get dangerous
571 votes on the poll i'm glad somebody got that because nobody else would maybe three other
people five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tn tn for eyes in line come on
let's hear it let's have it screenless screenless until two this is it because after Monday we're going
we're going back to like our usual crap whatever that is like there what is that i love that
i love that kind of call before early in the show about well you know i i've listened to your show
and i can't other than ripping the callers i don't know what your show is all about our show is
about ripping the callers okay sir that's right they call me just decided you call we rip your
ass not here let me show it what i heard wq i m hey you idiot get out of here
yeah that's no that's a new format what's not to understand what's not to like
that's a new format you say thank you sir i've been searching 28 years for a format in this
town that might work this is it rip the callers wq i m
me oh moron jackass idiot right absolutely sure see you like it i think the audience might go
for them i get nine sure five six seven and you know something we don't even eat any real callers
we can just have some really callers yeah what what's that i don't know we haven't had one this year
now we get lucky like i've told you if you keep going through a few thousand right now and there's
like a gem you know it's like pick it looking for kernels of corn and find it a pearl you know
that's right oh what an image it's like picking the seeds out of your uh no not of that out of the
out of your pot like sifting seeds out and all of a sudden you find oh my god here's a diamond
somebody must have dropped in my little bag five six seven in my little same and bag a diamond in
the rough wq i m yeah like to talk to you about that core speech about the core speech yes
where you come from uh i'm bob for loaded up here's for a lot of day hello
uh nil yes yes
nil speaking like to talk about that core speech okay i'm wondering man what is it
pandering man pandering what if you go i'd like to hear what would go or give the same speech to a group
of southern baptists uh in uh missus let me ask you this let me ask you this question is he running
for anything now the point now what are you worried about idiot five six seven oh five sixty
pound five six you on the 18th floor well i was just waiting to see what he had to say then i
answered the man rightfully so tells you worried about al gore four so you're just afraid man you're
just afraid because you know that bush's days are numbered and come a year from now it's going to be
bye bye bye bye bye bye to you and your boond man you and all your fascist chaining and all these other
damn nazis man who are running this joy running us into the ground and all these human sacrifices over
there in the rack and around the rest of the world while we ought to be worried about wassama your mom
but that's what we need to be doing this it's just mind blowing didn't they just tell us a few months
ago that al qaeda they had cut off the head and it was basically impotent and they couldn't do
nothing no more and now all of a sudden ramsfeld here says last week well we're having mixed success
against the al qaeda and less success against the taliban that's reforming in Afghanistan well that
sounds real promising just like Paul bremmer's report who said that basically it's a disaster he said
i'm the master of disaster in a rack but they found the answer what's that more military
stress more military strikes more right now what is this operation iron hammer right in fact
the hankset handset he was on his way over yesterday when he left the studio we're going to bomb
that until they treat us like heroes because he heard that they got a great the joe stone crabs over
there in bagged head i wonder for all got to joe's before he got candy thing i don't think he did
yeah in fact i believe it was like after we show on wednesday i think he was heading off to jordan i
don't know let's see fillin muggates says don't know if you talked about this but the scum
central has a blurb in section a today about the jethro oh i'm glad you mentioned i got that here
i got the story of my uh pile good reminder here's the story from the associated press jethro
talis off the playlist of a classic rock station after the band's frontman criticized displays of
the stars and stripes i hate to see the american flag hanging out of every bloody station wagon out
of every SUV every little midwestern house and summers and enchilaria eann Anderson was quoted as
saying in the interview published on the in the asbury park press it's easy to confuse patriotism
with nationalism flag waving ain't gonna do it amen you go boy the vert from listeners of wchr
fm's the free beer and hot wings morning show was swift the reaction of our audience has been 99
percent in favor of the ban and 99 percent incredulous that it would say such stupid things said
feel low cascule wchr program director and honor personality he's a smart guy as far as work
concerned this ban is forever he said the ban isn't censorship because our listeners write
to ask us not to play the music is equal to his right to say what he wants and i'm sure he's crying
all the way at the back all the way to the bungalow the jungle all the way home yeah that's right
let's have a bungalow in the old jungle just an honor of a jethro dull first of all well how about
not playing your music just because it sucks not because of the fact he said something they don't like
even though it is very true ball these phony baloney flag wave is out there good for you jethro you go
like i said goi you think we're getting your 600 votes ought to be boy all right you know
how it slows down it doesn't there's a rush well that's because whenever you change it oh
589 votes did you say rush he'll be back Monday by the way
don't bother us we kicked him in the summertime we kicked his ass and we'll kick him in a fall
book too you'll see yeah but yeah this is phony phony used to be really fat ass well i was looking
in the mirror yesterday yeah naked right after i got out of the shower that's fun no it's not not
when you're me i was being sorry no and and i really i don't have a fat ass no it's your puppet
about all my fat is right in here i was not sexually i always thought i had a fat ass your tube
in my mind all my fat is like right around the middle here i've got a huge fat disgusting cottage cheese
uh puppet man it is nasty and nauseating gonna get a tuck
589 votes on the pool oh that means 11 more to 600 i'm not gonna look look what happened to
Pharrell i'm not you're not gonna suck me into that what you take on the firing of scott
Pharrell seven say i'm much more vulgar than he is only seven one point one percent a paupery few
who haven't got any clue what to do i hated him anyway 23 that's not nice
his voice nearly killed me 33 he had a coming was over the top 46 the radio business blow is
50 no great laws 57 i don't care i never listen to him 85 14 half percent ever listen to the
Pharrell myster i'm pissed i love Pharrell 118 20% and get Greg reads an asshole 170 28.8
percent i think his kids voted on that one too by the way that's uh 48.7% thanks for the check
rag and screw and till and by the way her book is selling like crazy like hotcakes
i know what you're laughing about it you can probably get it right now in borders
because you know the pink and one of them is sticky you know who bought the first copy
rory did you know it was a pop-up book it is a pop-up yeah that's the Royce
said rory seven till one at five sixty w a m we're doing screenless here five six seven
oh five sixty how's Miguel doing i'm gonna see that's $40
dollars see why is he wasting our time well why is this going on they bitch non-stop
when are you gonna bring the van down here into the hinterlands we're not never again
the van is at the discount auto parts we've got 20 bucks which means we
we've us peddled one CD or one more Howard David of keychain or one mad dog keychain something 20
bucks and what even pay for the gas for the van going down a coming back good thing the station
pays for that right sure this got auto parts at three oh oh six oh three hundred sixty
south dixie highway at homestead from out hill two and if we can't raise the least
hundred bucks down there it's gonna be embarrassing and humiliating but that was wrong with you
people down there at homestead don't like animals Walmart supercitor with three a three five
oh one south dixie highway in Florida city Miguel be their way thing is i mean having a good time
between two thirty and four thirty with our stuff i guess nobody wants to see our stuff even
George C Scott w-k-y-n no yes sir i don't care who they fill it for all times but we'll never be
the same again but that hour guy man he sounds so all like he needs a half of my agri pill so he
don't pee on his shoes absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely i stole all your crap off the
internet absolutely now but you did i'm sure you did five six seven oh five sixty you don't
think you stole it with the CD there's no you can't hard to steal the mug off the internet
right idiot w-k-y-m hello yes ma'am hi Neil how are you okay good i'm from New York
well nobody's perfect right oh nobody's perfect i just i'd love you show uh-huh i wanted to
wish you had to delete it birthday i get through much too late oh i'm not a guy but i love i love
you shallow thank you okay and um your show rocks my show rocks your show rocks your funny dude yeah
and um i'm so happy i got through right isn't that great yes it's great okay it would have been
even better if you had something to say five six seven oh five sixty pound five six what
well i'm sure she had nothing to say i'm not glad she got through because it was just a suck ass
and we're insulting all the colors anyway right and she needs to be insulted too so i'll take it
personally unless you want to honey because you just another one and a long line of insults
he's waiting to be a bitch that that's what that's what i wanted to hear he said all i hear on your
show is you bitching about the colors and so he gave me an inspiration even nice people will just
cut you out don't take it personally it's just show business okay you know what i mean absolutely
there you go even he understands that all of in your case mo we make an exception in your case
its business and it's very personal
boy it's the one to two hour
five sixty w q a m presents another edition of fly on the wall join us as we take a look at
reggae and working feverishly in the office of his milk carton factory
mr. eight yes bill is and are you consulted to see her good send him right in okay
by the way bill is did you like that box of candy i gave you yeah you know there's over a hundred
pieces in there thanks little sense why tatter have a seat thanks any ideas of what to rename my
milk carton that's kind of tough seeing that people have been calling a milk cartons for so long
now look it oh well i'm looking for something fresh and new how about milk carton container
milk carton container g that's wonderful now i know why i hired you
on self-planet you like it now look at it what do you say we go down to the assembly area
and i'll show you this week missing child here all hard well come on it's down this way
say tanner you haven't seen any missing children lately have you
just kidding just kidding well here we are
yeah i miss the read to enter please oh it's you well here it is what do you think
so very nice and now look it over here this is our skib milk line all right do you see we change
from traditional blue to build a thing you can't change a drag is your time your time
it's a minute after one at five sixty double two minutes it's very good that you just got that
call from normal camp that's excellent and you want to know why why you see because this is the
kind of crap that goes on in this community and then the game has played this way i threaten you
i intimidate you i make your life a hell and therefore i can do all kinds of shanigans behind the
scenes and you're never going to write about me or talk about me or let the public know that it's
me jack Thompson who's doing all of these things who's behind all of this crap then it can
happen on this show jack i'm going to tell you why and if you're listening right now you have to
get your toothbrush packed up because you're going to jail because years ago after you stole two
years of my life with all the shanigans when it was my turn and we finally got to decide an agreement
after two years of living hell and in that agreement you said you wouldn't listen to this program
you wouldn't mention my name you wouldn't refer to me in any way shape or form then we had to get
a permanent injunction against you harassing me and uh... and stalking that was before the stalking
laws run a books so that you can't come within that figure what it was three hundred yards of my
house of me of anything so i'm off limits for you jack and i'm not going to be intimidated like
the rest of the people in the media in this town so you can pull all your hanky-panky behind the
scenes and send thousands of psychotic emails to Greg Reid and Norm Kent and get help to get the
for al fired off the air i think the audience has a right to know what it's all about
and why the station had to spend ninety percent of their waking hours of fending this guy off
because i know him better than anybody else i spent two years of living hell so you can
say all the letters you might be and norms call for the benefit of the audience was oh uh please
have me a lot mentioned me by name on a year well you're not supposed to be listening anyway the only
way you know i'm mentioning your name and when by the way they're coming on faxes from the audience
and then we're entitled to mention your name your public figure such as you are
see i'm not scared so i'm going to sit here and let the audience know who it was and why it is
and just like i said yesterday the idea that one person can dictate community standards in an area
like this where we got four million people living is an outrage but this is the way the game is played
oh well if you mentioned my name on a year i'm going to start saying no you're not not concerning
me you're not or you're going to jail because you're in violation already of our agreement you're
not supposed to even mention my name i don't exist as far as you're concerned
jack five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a t here's the fact that says i think
Greg will be making a trip over to Naples next week to explain the morning fiasco first he bust
up the first team then has radio boot camp in San Diego with a huge expense then bust the team up
now here's a guy he likes and six months later he's gone sir you are absolutely correct sir
well said but you see in light of the fact that Greg read new there where there was this individual
out there in this community that's all the more reason he shouldn't have put for all on the first
place remember those discussions we had sure of what is he thinking about doesn't he realize what's
going to happen here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on and the reason you won't
read about it in the newspapers is because people like Tom jikkin he already had to go through hell
and others and so they're all scared they're all scared to tell you the real story behind the
story what's going on here i'm not one twenty what do we got one twenty one twenty twenty bucks out
there with Miguel nice going there down in homestead discount auto parts three oh oh six oh south
dixie highway in homestead not all two with our best in the emerging nice see we're starting to
pick it up we might get three four hundred there come on all my pyzons down there from the
well you people in some day that are always barely i cannot come you guys don't come down here with
the van right in here and i sound here ghouls great south Miami heights right whatever the hell
else is down there no spicken land cotton picket and no spicken land w-k-y-m q-i-n yes yes sir
yeah i want to talk to Neil speaking speaking yes sir sounds like me wow okay
i just want to ask you to know about a book called the forbidden truth
the forbidden truth is that the one that's on our website i believe
i don't know because my computer crashed on me long time ago is that the one that's on the
above the afghan pipeline yeah exactly by the two french guys you're right we we not only read it
but it's on our recommended on our website okay great deal because i want to make sure people
are reading that book so it's great yeah okay i like what you're doing keep up the good work
thanks a lot pal i have a great day five six seven oh five sixty you can go to the
roger's dot com does this vote on our pool and also see the w-m-d countdown but also our recommended
list of books i think that's still on there i hope and thus we maybe we took it off because it was
on there a long long time we got scruans book on there one in the pink oh there it is now that's
the gorbid al one and stupid white men oh there it is forbidden truth u.s Taliban secret oil diplomacy
Saudi Arabia and the failed search for al-Sama Yama it's on there still on your roger's dot com
excellent reading important reading more so you won't read it though wqa m
hello nil yes uh what are you gonna come down the candle i'm not
get lost punk oh let me say this also in regard to what i just said see if my lawyer was really worth
his soul instead of calling you and saying that there are letters written about nil don't
much in him by name on it instead of that when he ought to be doing his reminding the uh
four mentioned jack Thompson of that agreement and it has number one got no business listening to
this program and number two certainly not mentioning my name and number three the first amendment
still is alive on this program and i'll mention whoever the hell i want that's what normer
can should be saying instead of calling you and saying whatever he said five six what we're
getting letters good good have somebody in your orf is wiped their ass with him okay norm
wqa m hey yes sir hey um is that this a nil it isn't sure how sounds it looks like nil hey man
i'm just an imposter i guess hey you guys down in homestead are you fish packing yeah we're fish
packing in homestead yeah us and julian crane we're tuna packing wqa m that would line one
don't work by the way where's fix it he's not here today so forget about it good luck to us
wqa m nil yes sir how you doing today's regular sensational you know i knew there was a big problem
in this country right when we uh went through our elections and we got bush elected if you look back
and you remember seeing the tv screen on who got all the electoral votes and what areas were blue
and what areas were red right if you notice what's what's what's where the main space that had red
yahoo states you got it but yahoo's yes the nazi people well the red you know what the red
you know what the red stands for don't you stands for red neck that's right exactly exactly and if you
look all the blue were florida california new york new jersey michigan minnesota that's right
Pennsylvania the whole of New England that the california you got it all around the edges we're
living and breathing people live and in the middle of the deep soft it's all yahoo exactly all you
had to do was look at the tv screen and it told you right there in your face who were we who we
were dealing with of course it didn't tell you where they fixed the votes in florida but that's
another story exactly isn't there is that comforting to know that now that we got these electronic
voting machines it'll be so much easier for them to fix all the elections now exactly exactly they
can have their technicians go in their play with them in fact you're saying i'm dye bolding
over here is what the new saying is hey George i hope you had a good vacation i hope you enjoyed your
time uh away from all these assholes that are down here oh yeah it was a blast he said it was okay
he said he was blessed with a blast i just smoked the slut yeah he smoked the fat one
doing neo man free speech and uh you know screw them uh republican thanks a lot pal i have a great day
you too but yeah this idea that there are certain people that think they can pull all our shenanigans
behind closed doors and i'm going to intimidate everybody and nobody's ever going to talk about me
and nobody's going to know that i'm the one who's uh creating all this stirring behind the scenes
bull crap that stops today that stops right now on his show okay that stops right this moment
and shame on you people in the rest of the media in this tunnel are so easily intimidated i know
this guy can make your life a living hell and although most of you don't have the kind of agreements
that i've got where this guy can't even like breathe my name or think about me quit thinking about me
jack he's thinking about it right now yeah oh yeah make no mistake about that that too it's got a new
Roger's bubble head mmm can't imagine what he's doing with it bubble five six seven oh five sixty
out pound five sixty on the AT&T and for us in wireless line shame on you Norma for being such a pussy
okay Norma you ought to be putting this guy every time i'm the one who has to tell him how to
respond what is wrong with you Norma why is such a quizzling such a little pansy lay the law
down baby you got it right there you got the signature on the paper you got all the documents man
wouldn't it be wonderful to dredge up all of that stuff again and lay it out there for the public
so they understand the kind of a living hell that some of us have to go through because of one man
because one guy who decided i'm going to decide what's going to be on the radio i'm the super
moralist because the Lord told me so yeah right yeah and God told me you're full of crap
wqa m yeah i'm going down the home to the by-and-a-d's key scene uh just let you know i'm a first
time car and uh keep up for good work thanks a lot of thanks i see that guy's on his way down there
that's excellent and he probably coming from all the way from pompato when you add up everybody that's
in that sprawl town yeah are they sprawling it oh yeah they sprawled out don't forget Miguel is in a
Q&A and do it baby do it for the Lord do it for you that's right this count auto parts store
30060 south dexie highway and homestead noon to two
uh there ought to be big articles in fact you know it's just like last year and this had nothing to do
at least as i know as far with jack but this was with the acondalisa business did anybody ever
read anything in the newspapers about that no no see you people out there who listen to and support
this radio station even once you don't like it you're entitled to know what hell is going on
and so when a bunch of right wing assholes are starting a whole song at a dance and making all
kinds of threats and we're going to go after your license and your plane condol and we're getting
the stuff from fox news and when john gibson writes that bull crap piece that he wrote about how he
wishes that i should be on if i'm still on the ear the smallest market in america because i'm
such a racist piece of crap you should live so long john gibson you lose your ass or you you punk
you putts you silly person you why should i take another stupid one of your surveys on it
we'll take a poll on it ourselves you can climb on it john freaking gibson even got canned off msnbc
what does that say i'm saying another one it really bugs me who's it still takes himself so
seriously what's that assholes name Keith olberman man what a jerk what a jerk no wonder msnbc's got
fractions i got nobody watching Keith olberman with their glasses and he takes himself so seriously
they guys are sports nerd he used to be on a spn an idiot you know who that is because you don't
watch but you never watch the spn and you're smart enough to watch fox news or msnbc will nobody
watches msnbc do they no wife your wife watches msnbc commie plot inside my house the dogby
nuts well i you know how many that brings up the total of the viewers but third man i scone crystal
in fact you can also pick them up in your crystal set probably it's after one at five sixty wqm if
you're looking for a really neat place to eat something different something delicious something fresh
something inexpensive vick and herbs baby they've been doing it in Rochester since 1934 and you'll
find them on federal highway just south of barbottomar on the tunnel on the east side vick and herbs
is a real flashback in time to what it used to be before these pre-fat joints these this mccrack
that you get today at vick and herbs go and enjoy a burger or dog served hot fresh and fast made
with the finest fresh hundred percent ground chuck meat in fact the people in soft food who bring
you vick and herbs are the same ones that bring you cheaper grater when they use the same grade meat
in all their stuff at the vick and herbs you can buy an incredible quarter pound hot dog in vick and
herbs that you can wrap your lips around and be an absolute heaven and because they use that
signature meat sauce on other burgers and dogs it'll put a combination of flavors in your
purse that'll give you like a tap dance right in your mouth they got a rate breakfast menu to it
vick and herbs omelets cooked order french toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes so if
you heard me talk about it for a long time and you wonder is it really that good go in and find
out for yourself you will say absolutely positively vick and herbs there on federal highway just
south of barbottomar and the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell them that cranky old
neil sent you by the vick and herbs
i'll never break that f***ing guy's neck
oh you oh when you think of the vackets of the private room
for the hand dog
hand dog
hand dog
that man getting his dog
take your little geysers
i'm gonna hold you down that i can chew this bitch
taking up a big roll of this fat
and only by this metal gives you tail very tight
for a hand dog
hand dog
hand dog
that's hand gets his dog
the girl just a hand of looming back guys
she know how to make the ball bend dry
fat than cakes is the shower now
when you need to skip our gondola tower
hand dog
hand dog
hand dog
that man getting his dog
hand dog
once 17 at 560 wqa m 663 votes will have 700 by 130
i'm impressed that's incredible once you're taken on the firing of scott for real
Greg reads an asshole 188
i'm pissed i love for real 141 i don't care i never listen to him 98
no great law 64 the radio business blows 51 he had a coming he was over the top 47
his voice nearly killed me 36 i hated him anyway 28 and Neil is much more vulgar only 10
10 out of almost 700
stuttering gill and homestead says i'm so happy to see your station is finally realizing that
there are people in homestead i was able to meet McGill and see your station van on the corner
304th in u.s. 1 would like to invite all a homestead to that location for a chance to win a gift
now what does that mean what is the gift the gift of love it says McGill to keep it up and
they have good work stuttering gill and homestead i think he's stuttering on it so how much we got
that 140 or something 120 we got something i bet you we do over 200 down there it's not too good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line wqa m
do we do over 200 down here sir all right there's my radio here real fast go ahead
right um yeah just wanted to make a point about the about the song clarity especially
you were talking in the in a 10 o'clock hour about the condolences song and the right now
you know i think i think that people forget that it's not just the matter of playing
you know joke songs to make fun of people i mean they can make fun of it it's satire it's to make
a point exactly it's it's that's hard to make people think about what these people are doing
that's not about the fact that they're you know they look funnier that they are that they act when
you're top money it's it's what they're doing it's the make you think and they'll look a little
bit deeper into some of the actions and it's the fact that for example kind of these the right
to the as a qualified for her job you know that she really that she really it is nothing but a
chevron shield that's correct exactly so i mean i mean if people should not get that out of shape
about about the fact that you play or don't play and in fact i think that the censored version
makes the point even stronger you know what i'm saying right anyway it's one of the exact point
in the wish you a great a great weekend you two thanks thank you here's one that says George
i know you're on vacation but you decage the south park episode about old people driving
best ever you should have seen with a grandpa i was driving the kids and cars were literally
flying behind him one of the funniest things i've seen in ages also the scene where the whole town
panics because all the old people are going to be on the road to same time with celarius says giri
p.s when he almost doing the podcast today about who should replace for ral i said in a suggestion
for these spik and sud show but he'll thought it was the rick and sud show him blew it off
all right and say they yeah they were saying to put you on there but you're not going to be doing
eight to ten no thank you i really like to friday shows with you and suds that guys just too
funny not to be on here it says besides rick is just an obnoxious but head suds was always the
heart of that show in my opinion says giri amen giri oh no you see that he slipped he finally admitted
he hated rick like poison no i'm just agreeing with giri you just got through saying you hated
him like poison i heard it poison wqa m speaking
may i be done pretty good i just wanted to say about the uh the spanish videos just jockey
yeah you and me leave how many back what did they say we know it sure this is Georgia thing Neil
no it's not Georgia's Netherland mumbling man in the area sees mumbling it all right uh uh take care
i have a great weekend to me going i'm not a clone to see a lot of quenny and cheese
oh i speak out of that speaking about he was just talking about greek tv station five
one hundred sixteen thousand dollars for showing two men kissing get out no okay
a private greek tv station has been five hundred sixteen grand for broadcasting a scene of two
men kissing reports said i thought they invented it the action brought strong criticism from media
commentators mega television was fine by the independent licensing body the national radio and
television council for the october 16 showing two male actors kissing in the weekly drama close
your eyes the council usually tolerant of the frequent nudity and sexual content of greek tv
describe the scene as vulgar and unacceptable tv critic poppy dm and a koo called the decision
hypocritical where's that poppy i poppy the council tells us that it's okay to be tolerant but we
shouldn't go too far she wrote in the daily tiniya newspaper greek tv stations repeatedly show
clips of Madonna kissing british spears during the mtv meeting of a video or musical words in
august without facing any penalties but see it's okay for women to kiss on the lips but men no way
who's trying to tell you that yeah aren't those greek boys playing boys and girls on those dishes
yeah it's just played yeah it's just children playing i don't see any girls let's see michael moron
beyond c spans book notes hosted by brian lam the sunday eleven p.m they'll be talking about dude
words my country must reading by the way everybody must reading it's a very good show if the author
or topic is interesting a good one our depth interview minus annoying ass looking
lamb interviewed james bovard of lost rights a couple of weeks ago and although he looks a little
cookies a smart guy a bovard that is not lamb who's mr white bread yeah i know who that is
congress made decrease funny the white house anti drug ad campaign well that's good news excellent
detroit medical marijuana initiative likely to appear in the two thousand four-bought
of our talking little tiny baby steps as we attempt to emancipate ourselves from this creeping
growing ugly nasty fascism five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line six eighty one we might not make seven hundred by one thirty yeah you will
six eighty one w.a. k.a. him hello on goofy hill yes sir i am right here standing next to me
gal he is bringing in money over foot sir excellent i'm right now what do you have to go
see he's right he's going away now he doesn't I'm standing right here next to him he's walking away
across the parking lot come back here young man and talk to your daddy what do you got in the
gal no we know about that what do you got how much come on goofal he's listening to you
how much you got how much we go amigo you silly aspect how much you got he's counting he's counting
pulling that big knot he's pulling it out he's working it too we got two we got two we got two
okay keep working on him man he's working on it okay two hundred well still not too good
fine if i would have promoted earlier it's my bad i i i i smith candidate i trusted out because
i thought it was a thing from yesterday and realize nobody would bother telling me they were doing
some stuff today nobody told me well it didn't tell me but anyway whatever we get we'll get
all here no see my do nothing loyal and i'll see you send a letter back here to a wacky jackie
it's a request we cannot honor it's not a request we can honor yeah i think i made you a public
figure what do you mean this situation has made him a public figure he's been a public figure in
this market for 20 freaking years normal when you get with it the near Roger show us free to
mention your role in this affair indeed many of the mentions of your name have been from
faxes that have referred your role in this matter under the terms of the settlement previously
negotiated with you and our continued participation and agreement it is usur that are a stop from
listening taping and peeding interfering with or in any way intruding into the airspace of the
near Roger show and normally is absolutely correct right see this is the way it goes and it's
gone on for a very long time pull all the strings behind the scenes interfere with people threaten
intimidate set out all kinds of phone letters on legal letter and uh... and make up all kinds of
crap about people and get people can or do the best to try to do it and then deny that you're
trying to do it on top of it okay the buck stops here today on the show jack okay because you
finally found somebody with a pair of balls was going to be intimidated especially you or that
agreement don't hurt either well that that's what it's all about no seriously i wouldn't put my
god damn my livelihood on the line either if i didn't have that agreement back in me up but i
know exactly what it says i know he signed it voluntarily and willfully after we all
went through two to three years of hell at w i n z and zeta and finally w i would be
and i will give normal credit for that see normal you know you got the power baby use it wielded
yanket twisted and by the way that guy you brought down here was just you know marginal
what well he was okay was a nice kid but i mean norm is always you know making these stories up
yeah rough heads yeah rough hand absolutely you know what that means no that means he's been constructing it
he's been working on it well the beast knows he says clearance man oh he said
those sand paper hands are good some farmers with rough hands for you all those cows
he's milking it for all he can at clearance 26 past one at five sixty w k y m yeah i think i think the
audience is entitled to know exactly what's going on and also in that kind of leesa business here
which i kept trying to tell you people is a major story they came within about a here's breath
and get my eyes fired last year well maybe not that close but they sure as i made it a hell of an
effort and if that's the way you people believe in america that would you want the people who can
be on the air on radio or tv or the movies you see are going to be determined by a bunch of right
wing wackos behind the scenes pulling all the strings and making threats that's not the kind of
country i want to live in a more times that plainly oh not soon enough get me out of here
127 and five sixty the beast is still in here eating by the way what he does every day is he waits
until all the all the other people from the morning shows are gone and he goes out there and whatever
the scraps are in a how he's in a gigantic box in a huge cart and they bring in that they have to
bring it on a truck whatever is left over there he sucks it all down and try from balance for life
had some really nasty things to say about you beast he said you're a real loser which i thought
that's what you are in his program to be losing it 20 tubs of pasta day is not the way to make
the weight go away okay but it will make you gay is what i say fe 27 after what a
q and how i'll take a speaking of food the seafood that you love is at the gold co-seafood
grill man one of the best kept secrets in town but George and the Scott remember him he used to be
here a little little Scott he used to be around no more but anyway the gold co-seafood really brought
in food for these guys and he told me George went out a great length he said it was some of the best
stuff i've had in ages yes it was and more and more people are discovering because they're getting
great response which we all have here in the gold co-seafood grill just celebrated their one
year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the sun sent a showtime dining review the
gold co-seafood grilled's got lots of great things that had menu that you'll just go nuts over like
the mango plum salmon the almond crusted mahi mahi the orange honey glazed sea bass and the crab
and shrimp stuffed trout there's a great bar atmosphere in the restaurant with an extensive line
of martini list big gigantic martinis you could almost take a bath in them during happy hour only
five and a half bucks from four to seven pm seven days a week the gold co-seafood grill you find
it in coral springs 27 52 North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center
for reservations are more information called nine five four two five five fish you can
dine inside or outside and large parties and private functions are welcome to experience the best
kept secret lunch and dinner dining the gold co-seafood grill and coral springs at 27 52 North
University drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center don't forget you'll always find
fantastic seafood unbeatable prices at the gold coast seafood grill
love
we're supporting you five sixteen two a.m
if anybody has a opinion dissenting from our way
we'll place your name into the system and send a me of your state
want to
This God is for the nation, and all you might live for.
In bush Fatherland nation, fascist USA.
You gotta hate those Jews, and sentence liberals to believe everything we can.
And the state run new.
Blood war and four gold red, feel up your escalade.
A roof and tiny bush venue, fascist USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs go,
a bunch of enemies go,
we're fascinated by a chain of
don't need no stupid books.
All's hour is racing, the tax of courage can win.
Everybody's earning vases, like the US ain't.
We're at their 10th day, we lost a lot of weight, isn't it?
Oh, the Nazi end of his comment.
26 before 2 at 5, 60 W.
Didn't he look like he lost some weight?
Absolutely.
To me, like an answer to.
Oh, the IOC, OK's, transsexual athletes in the Olympics.
That's a relief.
Athletes who have undergone sex change operations will be eligible to compete in the Olympics for the first time
that our new rules being finalized by the I-
see the international Olympic Committee convene meeting in Sweden of all play well.
Why not there last month of medical experts in the field and will announce its policy in the next few weeks.
We have no discrimination, IOC medical director Patrick Shamash told the AP yesterday.
The IOC will respect human rights details are still being worked out.
But Shamash said transsexual athletes will be eligible for the Olympics once they pass a certain amount of time after sex change surgery.
Will the real men please stand up?
And that what they say here usually in the morning?
All the time.
Most of our middle-level management people stay seated.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Absolutely.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
We're doing screenless.
705 votes by the way we did go 701 by 130.
How do you like that?
I knew it.
No, you didn't.
What's your take on the firing of Scott for well, that's our poll question today.
And let me say it again, I'm glad that we were able to do the faxes and whatever.
To paint a better picture of me.
And I will say this because you can talk about the Greg Factor and how he screwed up the morning show and about how Ferels over the top which he is in out of control and yoddy-oddy.
But it is true that we're not for the crount that herringing of one individual that none of this would have ever happened.
Right.
We'd still be rolling along, singing our song with a big box.
People out there would be happy if they wanted to listen to it.
If they wanted to and not they could.
See, that's what it's all about.
Jack, it's all about freedom of choice.
Freedom of what you want to listen to.
If you don't like it, don't listen to it.
There's 80's in and other stations on there.
Turn on Mr. Ego there and let him lick your cheeks, okay?
Same old tired baloney.
707 and a most amazing part of all of this.
Scott Ferel ain't even a fag.
That's pretty amazing, huh?
I mean, I mean, first there, there's me and then there's Janorino who's allegedly a dyke in this and that.
And I believe it.
But nevertheless, oh, I'll tell you who at Luther Campbell, he's no fag.
No, I saw those videos.
Yeah.
707 votes, what's your take on a firing in Scott Ferel?
Greg Rees and Assel, 195.
And by the way, Kim and he were admitted to that.
He said, yes, I am an Assel.
That's the wrong.
I won't get to argument here.
I'm pissed.
I love Ferel, 157.
I don't care.
I never listen to him.
101.
No great law, 72.
The radio business blows 53.
It blows.
He had a coming.
He was over the top 50.
His voice nearly killed me, 39.
I hated him anyway, 30.
How many people said I hated him anyway?
About 30, man.
And he was much more vulgar.
10 out of 707 only 10, 1.4%.
But that's like I said, I heard that a couple of times
on a station from Colors, we're trying to let Draup Hitler.
And then of course, also a mo this morning, who's looking again trying to throw
a darts in my direction.
Throw them all you want, mo, okay?
Throw them all you want.
Although I understand that you're the catcher in the family.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And of course, as they say at the deli, they call me old catcher on the rye.
WDQ I am.
Hey, yes sir.
How can you get the Parish Hilton video on the internet?
You know how to bring it up?
The what video?
Parish Hilton, a pornographic.
You do a search like I did.
Yeah.
And look for places that have forums where people share files with other people as opposed to websites
that want to offer it to you for money.
Just put in Parish Hilton video or see Parish Hilton video.
And it took me about a half hour of searching through different sites, but I found it.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a good time.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
The Parish Hilton sucks video.
I got it.
My part of her having sex with Shannon Doherty's ex husband.
Oh, who?
Parish Hilton.
I don't even know who that line is.
She's the the millionaire social light.
She's on the news.
If you don't watch me.
Oh, even from the Conrad Hilton, the crowd.
Right.
Oh, I haven't seen that story.
Jesus, we're so off.
I'll bog down with this other crap here.
I'm missing all the important stuff going on in the world.
I got to hear on my USB.
You have the video on that little thing.
I do.
A lot of things on this little thing.
Oh, my God.
Georgia's got that Parish Hilton video on his little thing.
I can't believe it.
I'll put it away.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T.
It Verizon wireless line.
Boy, am I sure glad I came back here this week.
Oh, man.
Who needed this place?
Anybody wonders?
Well, how come the line's spending more time in South Florida?
Well, this week is a real good example for you.
WQIM.
Yes.
How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
This is for George.
I don't know my mama Bingo.
He wishes.
Oh, I knew your Frank Lumber came out of hiding pretty sad club.
Your Frank Lumber has been holding back, but they've coming out.
WQIM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you guys still down at home, Stan?
Yeah, we're still down there till 2 o'clock.
Hey, this is Georgia Gaki.
Oh, we're all on them.
See, the reason we didn't know he...
We know it wasn't Joe's because he didn't say where it's supposed to be.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
WQIM.
Hello.
What was that?
I met.
I can't say anything.
It was another one of your people, the way in the background.
I can hear what they said.
What are your people?
No, not one of mine.
Fag.
WQIM.
Hey, Neil.
No, one of yours.
They're all fags.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I was curious.
How long do you think it'll be before Rush blooms back up to 400 pounds out of the Eiffel Tower?
About a week.
Ain't off, nothing.
You really believe he's off it?
No.
I mean, they say like one out of maybe 50,000 people actually succeed in those places.
And especially you think in five weeks after he was taking like 30,000 pills a month or whatever
now it was, you think he's really dried out?
No, he's going to bloom back up.
And I think it'll be a month before he's back on it and then apologize.
Yeah, he'll be back, yeah, apologize.
Maybe it'll go on for another 10, 20 years.
Yeah.
And do you think on Monday he's going to have the guts to take calls that aren't, you know, people just hit him.
They're just going to screen him so heavily they probably like have armed guards.
Not like they usually do.
No, you have to screen him even more heavily.
They probably have people with oozy standing at your door when you make a call.
Good luck, you pal.
All right, thank you.
Diddo diddo.
What the rosh returns on Monday and we don't mind promoting it cause who the hell gives a crap, you know.
Those ditto heads, those idiots who want to buy his right wing bull crap, his right wing paranoid crap about out of clinton's, you know, they killed everybody.
Didn't they also kill Jesus?
I think that's what Mel Gibson's a.
Oh, my.
This is 20 or by six.
You are.
The voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority.
Neil God.
Oh.
Has full.
Has full.
That way, my thing is such an asshole.
All right.
He yelled at Manage that greed turned because he wouldn't take a shower with Hank Olberg as whole.
As whole.
He's realizing a suction as whole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abrong.
What's that he's pounding on?
Has full.
Has full.
He's looking for essential assholes.
He only think there is love to save his property right away.
It does, they might even count it.
On your case, if you vote for a boy, they'll count it twice.
Sixty to two mad dog help us out with an ice check for a band of hair.
You said it's a good cause.
You said the dolphins are going to the dogs.
Is what he said.
And I would agree with that.
Obviously, I'm fancy got out of here.
He likes that job, man.
He loves that job.
Listen, I'll see you in a couple of months, man dog.
Nice seeing you.
I'll be out of here.
At any rate, good man.
And he's just staying two to four.
That's the boy you just got to write out of my mouth.
Okay, he's staying two to four.
So I think that means Joe Rose, don't you, eight to ten?
Sounds good to me.
Little dog and a big dog.
And yours truly in between.
And George, once in a while,
did I hear from his big friends?
Howdy, Gordon.
Now, this is a good fact.
See, they think that I disagree with this, but I think they got a good point.
It says, I think that many of the senators who voted for their war resolution against their true feelings
were in the same position as you were in, and they conned a Lisa matter.
They would lose their jobs because Carl Rowe and the Bushies had the American people so convinced
that a vote not to support them was a vote for Sodom.
Look what happened to Max Cleelan and Paul Wellstone probably would have lost his job.
So they caved in and chose to keep their jobs so they can do more in the Senate defeat other Bush programs
as we need you to stay rather than go over playing that bit.
It says, you may not think it's a fair comparison.
No, you're wrong.
I think it's an excellent comparison.
But the right wingers are taking over our government and brainwashing the true patriotic flag waivers.
So Congress can't speak out either.
They would have appeared on patriotic.
That's a very good point.
But that's why I really give Hayamaarts to Howard Dean because he's the one guy who really had the balls in spite of all of that.
Of course, he was no longer, you know, he was the member of Congress.
He's a former Vermont governor, but nonetheless, Howard Dean had the big pair.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQAM.
Yeah, I have a question for you.
Yes.
The guy that just broke the 8500 skydives in 24 hours.
What about him?
Do you have any information on that?
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
What a jerk.
What an idiot.
What an imbecile.
See, we're back to that.
We're going to call him again.
Talking about the call has been idiots.
Now, you know that guy who called earlier still listening.
I would like him to analyze that last call and see what he would say.
Right?
You should have answered his question.
No, I think we asked him what he thought the last call.
He's an asshole.
Right.
That's what that guy would say.
Make no mistake about it.
If we had asked Mo, if the last guy to call was an asshole, he'd say absolutely.
See, even he would agree a crusty old fart like Mo.
So anyway, I think one of the reasons Mad Dog don't want to do 8 to 10 in the morning.
He doesn't want to start his day out by seeing the Mo man every morning by taking a look at that nasty piece of crap.
He didn't deny it.
I said, you don't want to see Mo every morning doing.
You come in here and see him no Mo.
And you know what he said?
No, no, no, no.
That's what he said.
Can you imagine starting out your day every morning taking a look at that?
That nasty, miserable bastard?
I'm gonna say something else.
W-Q-I-M.
Nailer.
Yes sir, speaking.
Hey, Naila good morning.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Top of the evening to you.
Listen, I got to just say one thing.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
Right.
And I just cannot believe that this guy is still around harassing me.
I think he tacked up in the head out to wherever he spots like that.
Yeah.
But it's just amazing that I mean, but she like 10, 15 years ago this guy was all over you.
It's amazing that a brilliant mind like that has nothing better to do than listen to the radio.
A brilliant mind like that?
I guess he's listening to the radio.
He's a lawyer and all this other stuff.
Oh yeah.
You would think he'd have some better to do than listen to the radio all day.
You think.
You think.
Other than sitting around him is underwear at home, right?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you and him.
I'll speak to you later.
Okay, have a great day pal.
You think but some people ain't got no life.
That's the problem.
They have no life in fact, their entire existence is running around with some kind of fantastic vision
of saving mankind from itself.
I have no life.
Another religious oh weko.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WDQIM.
$21.52.
Okay, thank you.
Here's the change.
Is he feeling the change yet or what?
WDQIM.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Fine, are you?
Great.
I can't believe the crow didn't get any books on your poll.
Crow as the crow flies, he was, I don't know, I guess we should have probably put him on there, you know what?
I'll talk to you later.
Okay.
I got your crow bodice right here, home boy.
Yeah, he's, plus we didn't put him on there because he's on another station now.
Any doing the mornings on that 940 with their 0.000, I'll take your work for it.
I think he is.
And I think what's his name?
Clarence is still booking the guest on that morning show over there for his buddy and a wiener.
WQIM.
Would you like to compare you and Ferrell or if you're not afraid?
If I'm not afraid.
Yeah, but is that, is that, is that, you and Ferrell?
Well, this sounds like Dennis.
It is.
It is.
There you go.
There you go.
Wings all the wackos out of the woodwork.
Crazy Dennis, the professional Catholic.
What do I tell you?
I haven't lost it.
No, we don't talk to you.
Okay, we don't talk.
We talked a lot of assholes, but not in your category.
We're in a separate category.
They have their own show.
We don't need your analysis of me and Ferrell or anybody else.
I'm not going to sit here and take crap from an idiot like you.
Okay, Schmuck.
And by the way, you can go back into closet now.
All right.
They clear the skillens out for the weekend.
Three to six.
WQIM.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
What happened to Ferrell, man?
Gone, baby.
No, my.
What happened to him, though?
He was fired to did.
Why?
Because he was too dirty.
Too dirty of a mouth?
Too dirty.
They're so dirty.
All right, Neil.
Thank you, man.
Well, here he is.
No, no, not on this station anyway.
Because we got professional agitators running around.
He's offensive.
And like I said, just, you know, didn't have enough common sense to like lay low for a little
while.
The things, you know, just couldn't do it.
Couldn't control himself.
So there's plenty of blame to go all the way around.
Although when George came in this morning, he says, I know who I blame.
More than anybody else.
Great.
Yeah.
That's what George said.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60.
How much we got?
Three, ten.
Three, ten.
Not too bad.
We've got another appearance later, too.
Down at home, Stab, which I better promote right now.
I'm going to get all bent out of shape.
Three hundred and ten bucks down there in Homestead.
Now later on this afternoon, the QM panel, be at the Walmart Supercenter, 33501, 33501,
South Dixie Highway, Florida City.
Florida City, baby.
I bet you we got a lot of listeners down there.
Two, thirty to four, thirty to seven with our best meal merchandise.
And maybe you can give me a little airplane spin while you're at it, too.
Nine minutes till two at five, 60 QAM.
Slide and local.
We're sports radio five, 60 QAM.
You A-M.
Friday, you bastards.
Sitting at home, watching Dwight Lutter Dale.
Talking about how bombs are stealing 95s are rail.
When sudden, Lee with a bullet tend to dish up.
On to the screen came his partner and Bishop.
She said this just end to eyewitness news.
It's governor Martinez and the two live crew will have more details coming up at five, thirty.
He pulled them from the stores because they so jerky.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul.
He said thank you Janet Reno.
I'm glad that you're called.
We got to take a stand against this 13.
Rom, besides it's really close to election time.
His Broward judge friend said I will not fail ya.
Will censor any mention of Janet tell ya.
They're selling sceptics going through puberty.
The two live crew.
Yeah, they so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
He could crap a butt to show he had guts.
The most of the people said this guy is a pus.
He rid the land of that noise delusion.
Even though it went against a constitution.
And what did Luke do during all of the jobs?
So can thousand more copies.
At 12.95, he bought a lot of money.
He's got a brand new Mercedes.
It's really perky driving into the bank.
Cause he so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
156, 4-2 at 5-60.
W-Q-M, the mad dog is standing by.
He said the dolphins are going to the dogs.
That's what he said.
Something like that.
He also said no mo.
Nobody meant by that.
He said no mo.
We kept seeing it on the way out the door.
Off the door.
You got the hopper at 4.
And then he's going to have the day wants that.
You'll find the six.
And of course, that's going to be really very interesting to hear what they want that has to say on the way out.
The big ol' Orlando Alzeguiri at 7.
And what's the story?
It says at the Kendall Al House question mark.
Do we have any update on that?
No.
Kendall Al House?
There you go.
The big ol'
And then you got an AK after 10 o'clock tonight.
ESPN Radio overnight.
And a whole bunch of ball games.
Man and stuff.
You got Syracuse another girl school to get the hurricanes back into winning shape after two really bad and embarrassing humiliating weeks.
Get everybody out of their saw remote.
So they're playing little tiny girl school from Syracuse.
The Orange Men.
Little tiny are there about like this tall.
The Orange Men are just going to step on them.
Make an orange crush.
And then you got the Baltimore Ravens against it offence.
And of course, because Brian Greasey's playing even though the Ravens have no offense, we all know that.
Because Brian's starting on Sunday could be pretty interesting.
You know what?
Hey Brian, quit falling down and quit doing it.
Brian, quit doing that.
Quit making that sound.
So Gary says, who says that the risk of being a chronic factor because he just facts to good facts a little while ago.
But that's okay. Some information.
He says I believe the crowbar a lot of that silly show on 940.
And is now playing ball in Japan.
He's turning Japanese. How do you like that?
Back in Japan.
Yeah, because he's already played ball out there I believe.
But he's still live there.
Right? He speaks it fluently.
He speaks Japanese?
Yeah he does. Are you serious? Maybe that's where he got that talcum powder from.
He speaks Japanese better than he does English.
Oh, see.
I almost was able to get out of here.
We almost got to the end of the week and there's George starting up again.
That was really bad. Are you suggesting that the crow speaks crowbonyx?
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, but not in Japan.
And he loves it by the way. The crow loves us.
He loves crowbonyx. He loves it.
Cashmere bouquet. He's a good guy.
I love the crea is a great guy.
He don't belong on a year and that's why he's playing ball in Japan again.
Because he's busy turning Japanese.
Okay, here this is the last time we're going to examine this here.
Because starting Monday we move on to bigger and better upper things.
Like out of town.
What's your take on the firing a scot for well?
That's our poll question of any arages.com.
751 votes.
3.30.
No, 751.
Oh, you mean 250 bucks down there in a homestead?
Thank you folks in homestead. Not bad.
Not great.
That was just phase one.
Right, that was only phase one.
You can move into phase two. Jim and Tammy Baker will sell you a beautiful condo for 10 million.
And then Miguel the saffron floor to city Walmart SuperSetter 33501.
33501 South Texas, you highway.
230 to 430. Bring some cash.
751 votes on for well.
What's your take? Greg reads an asshole 206.
I'm pissed. I loved for well 170.
I don't care. Never listen to him. 106.
No great loss. 77.
And by the way, you know, Jack Thompson's been emailing Greg and Norm Kent.
I want credit. I want more credit for the getting a for all fired.
Okay, we'll give you all the credit.
Jack Thompson and Moral Gables got the Scott for real far.
Now you want all the credit. You got it.
No great loss. 78.
The radio business blow is 56.
He had a coming. He's over the top 56.
56. Q. 56.
His voice nearly killed me 39.
I hated him anyway 30 and Neil is much more vulgar only 12.
Only 12 out of 757 votes said I'm much more vulgar.
I'm much more dirty. How do you like that?
Filthy.
Disgusted.
Viled.
Grotesque. Old.
And out of this joint.
Bye bye bye.
Thank God.
Get me out of here.
He's got a big heart on it.
Good for him.
Oh.
